1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1079
and support government through the ballot-
box irrespective of color. And then tflose gov-
ernments onee admitted as States, it would have
been to organize their militia and bear arms,
irrespective of color; in paying taxesand erect-
ing churches and school-houses, in building
bridges and roads, in reclaiming the wilderness
and crowding the rivers with commerce, it
it would have been on the basis of manhood,
the power of muscle, and dominion of will.
_ Mr. President, in the opening of this discus-
sion the Senatorfrom Wisconsin declared that—
" It is a very different thing to take away from a
freeman a privilege long exercised by him and by his
ancestors from what it is to confer ono never before
enjoyed upon ignorant, half civilised Africans, just
released from slavery."
Sir, I aver that we did not rob these white
rebels of the South of any privilege; we cap-
tured them as public enemies after they had
abandoned every privilege under our Constitu-
tion. The Senator himself admits, and I quote
his own language:
"For their criminal acts we would have the legal
right to try and convict and sentence to imprison-
ment and to death."
But, instead of punishment or death, we com-
mence to remit them back again to their original
standing, and at once reclothe them with all
forfeited rights, excepting, in a few instances,
that of voting; while in this instance the pro-
hibition is not final but temporary. .
Again, the Senator charges that it is an
atrocious libel upon ourselves, upon our an-
cestors, and upon the results of Christian
civilization, to allow the African the elective
franchise at once, while the foreigner—
" Must appear in open court, and, after five years'
residence, prove by the testimony of two citizens a
good moral character and that he is well disposed
toward the Government and institutions of the Uni-
ted States."
Sir, these colored voters are all native-born
American citizens; some of them are of pure
African parentage, but many of the most
enterprising are descended in part from the
most intelligent and aristocratic families of
the sunny South; and it was only the other
day that a colored orator immortalized his
parents by describing how quietly repose in a
Virginia grave yard his once proud white father
and humble slave mother.
These emancipated sons of toil need no
indorsers of their good characters and disposi-
tions toward the Government of their country.
Twenty-five million people stand sponsors for
them to-day. How nobly they carried them-
selves during the bloody years of war! Their
masters had proclaimed from every stumpin
the South in case the Republicans elected 1 Lin-
coln their slaves would all receive emancipa-
tion. And every one of them had heard the
flying story, and all their simple, trusting faith
in God anticipated the coming of the kingdom
and the year of jubilee. They bounded to
meet the advancing columns of the Union on
our first approach to the lines of rebellion;
but they were driven back to their hovels and
chains, or dragged from the very shadow of
the stars and stripes by rebel masters to the
auction-block and slave-pen. "What then was
the evidence of their "good character and dis-
position toward the Government of their coun-
try?" Quiet submission. And then they were
told by the more intelligent that the President
would restore the Union without slavery if
possible, but with slavery if unavoidable.
Still they swallowed their tears, stifled their
sighs, and only in muffled accents uttered,
" How long! 0 Lord, how long! " _
Finally they volunteered as soldiers, know-
ing their death warrants were signed in ad-
vance if captured; and even after the mas-
sacre of Fort Pillow rushed into the depleted
ranks and carried aloft the battle-torn banners
red with the blood of their comrades.- Never,
no never while public virtue lives,andourliearts
respond to the high behests of justice, will this
newly enfranchised race be compelled to appear
in any court this side of heaven's high chancery
to prove their loyalty and good intentions
toward their native land. _
I was much astonished at hearing th6 Sena-
tor charge disloyalty on the people of color.
He exclaims:
"Let us examine this bold assertion. Is it true?
"Were the negroes loyal during the rebellion V Recall
the facts. Who does not remember that at least
three fourths of all tho negroes in those States dur-
ing tho whole war did all in their power to sustain
the rebel cause? They fed their armies; they dug
their trenches; they built their fortifications ; they
fed their women and children. There were no insur-
rections,no uprisings, no effortof any kind anywhere
outside the lines of our armies on the part of the ne-
groes to aid tho Union cause. In whole districts, in
whole States even, where all tho able-bodied white
men were conscripted into the rebel army, the great
mass of negroes, of whose loyalty you boast, under
the control of women, decrepit old men and boys,
did all they were capable ofdoing to aid the rebellion."
Does he not know when they dug trenches
and built fortifications it was under military
supervision, and that when they refused to
rebel and massacre their old, decrepit men and
women and helpless children they were making
loyalty honor them for their fidelity?
No, sir, it is not true thatthey did all in their
power to sustain the rebel cause. They might
have enlisted with the rebels, but they would not
trust them. Even when the last old man that
could carry a musket and the last boy that could
stop a Federal bullet were crowded into the
ranks they saw their cause perish for want of
soldiers, while the African held the balance of
power in the Federal army. They might have
piloted the boys in blue into ambush and battery;
they might have carried news of our advances
and maneuvers; they might have been spies as
our servants and refugees; butthey toiled by day
and traveled by night to warn us of danger, and
were so universally true that an enemy should
scorn to utter the exception. I can understand
how the Senator from Wisconsin might arrive
at an astounding conclusion from false prem-
ises, but I am lost in astonishment at this
charge so confidently asserted and so clearly
defined. The Senator says:
" I ask, with all the earnestness of which the soul is
capable, can any human being conceive of a measure
so well calculated to make the whole white people
of tho South, men, women, and children, hate and
loathe our Government, to hate it with a perfect
hatred, to gather around the family altar upon their
bended knees to curse it, and in the agony of prayer
to call upon God to curse it, as this radical recon-
struction which seeks to disfranchise the heart and
brain of tho South, and to subject at tho point of the
bayonet the white race to the dominion of their late
half civilized African slaves?"
If there is a crime about to be perpetrated
which would call for such a world of curses, it
would stand to reason that the fact would be
easy of detection; it would stand out boldly
everywhere. He admits that in the beginning
of the rebellion a majority of the white people
of the South were opposed to secession.
Now, I claim that this majority were forced
into submission, and he admits the fact. The
men of " heart and brain'' crowded upon them
the fatal consequences of the " State rights "
doctrine. These men led them through seas
of blood, caused women to give up husbands,
fathers, sons, and brothers, to the bloody Mo-
loch of war, children to become orphans, and
the whole framework of society to be rent and
torn asunder.
Why, then, should the whole white people of
the South join in this terrible cursing against
the country that seeks to restore the olden flag
that they were compelled to betray because of
rebel power and rule? Why should not the
poor white man, always at the mercy of the
slave power and always professing a desire to
see Government in the hands of the people, be
ready to see a democracy established in which
his superior intelligence to the mass of the voters
would in due time place him where the impe-
rious lordliug lately stood and waved his badge,
of power? Why should he not rejoice that
there was virtue enough to hold the ship of
state steadily oil the track of safety, while he,
in piratical madness, sought a traitor's distinc-
tion and a traitor's doom?
Mr. President, Thomas Jefferson, the great
apostle of freedom and prophet of the political
future, warned this nation of the day in which
an humble prayer of the lowly would be an-
swered—
" When the measure of their tears should be full,
when their groans should Save involved heaven itself
m darkness, doubtless a God of j ustice would awaken
to their distress/'
But no such Vision of bloody rebels in prayer
ever burst upon him as that which has so star-
tled the Senator from Wisconsin.
When the theory of the Senator on the sub-
ject of "negro supremacy forced upon the
South" has been brought to the test of facts
and figures it has been completely exploded.
Will he organize his cursing prayer-meeting
in Virginia, where 116,000 whites and 104,000
colored voters were registered and the vote for
convention was carried by a majority of 45,455,
showing that white men voting for convention
gave the majority, the colored being in a" mi-
nority of 12,000? Will he organize it in North
Carolina, where 103,060 whites were registered,
while the colored were 71,657, and yet the
convention was carried by a majority of oyer
60,000? Will he organize it in Georgia, where
95,214 whites were registered, while the col-
ored were 93,458, and yet the convention was
carried by over 98,000 majority?
If the negroes had been in the majority on
the register while they were in a minority in
all the rebel States, and then carried every
constitution by registered votes, we might have
been called on to explain how this state of
affairs came about. But when the constitu-
tions were carried where they were in the
minority, it became proof positive that free
white men allowed it willingly, for the power
was all in their own hands. But ex-Governor
Brown, of Georgia, has given the reasons for
this result in States where the negroes regis-
tered a majority. He says:
" The people North have been told lately that tho
acts of Congress establish negro supremacy and white
subordination in the South. The charge is false. < It
was the perverse obstinacy of thewhitc race refusing
to tako control that gave the negroes power in the
convention. There is fifteen thousand white major-
ity in Georgia. With this majority and the boasted
superiority of the race in intellect, education, expe-
rience, and wealth, it is a libel on the white men to
say that negroes oan rule intellect and capital and
control numbeg everywhere."
The Governor further declares that General
Pope adopted the districts as left by the John-
son conventions," without alteration. Then,
certainly, these cursing prayer-meetings can-
not become a success where the whites were
in the majority, and themselves voted for
conventions to form new constitutions. And,
beyond all doubt, the Senator caunot organize
them in States where the whites stayed away
from the polls, and thus through spite allowed
the colored men to have a majority; and this
after the rebel press urged them to stay away,
and abused and defamed those who voted.
Sir, he may ask again " with all the earnest-
ness of which the soul is capable," what is the
magnitude of the crime involved in disfran-
chising "the heart and brain of the South?"
That braiu worked out the problem of seces-
sion ; that heart cursed the Union hallowed by
th6 labors of Washington; that brain made the
demand, and that heart sanctioned the terrible
crime of perjury. No ! no ! Such Democratic
rebel prayers can never be answered while God
remembers the tears and blood, the sorrow and
death that followed the demoniac perfidy of
this " heart and brain."
In this debate it has been charged repeatedly
that the Republican party has not been, at all
times, as they are to-day, in favor of negro
suffrage, and hence that the party has not been
consistent. To this charge the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Moiitox] has given the true and
sufficient answer. That negro suffrage was not
looked to as a remedy for the national malady
until Congress came to the conclusion that we
could not execute the guarantees of the Con-
stitution without raising up a new class of loyal
voters; that " we did not prosecute the war to
destroy slavery, but destroyed slavery to prose-
cute the war." , .
But let it be remembered that the Adminis-
tration of Mr. Lincoln had no settled policy in
detail, and could have none. There were no
precedents to follow. The Union was to be
saved, and that was the object; buthow? That
