1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mr. W ASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I de-
sire to call the attention of the gentleman to
the fourth amendment of the Senate. As I
understand it, it is proposed to exempt $o,G00
from taxation. But gentlemen will observe
that a manufacturer may manufacture goods
to the amount of $5,999 free of tax.
Several Members. Pour thousand nine hun-
dred and ninety-nine dollars.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. No;
$5,999, for this is the clause of the committee's
amendment:
. Manufactures of any kind, or articles produced by
them, are exempted from taxation by the provisions
ofthisact, andwhose.annuat sales exceed $o,00'1, fciialf
pay.forcvery additional$l,000in excess of $5,000, two
dollars.
The tax is to be on 11 every additional thou-
sand dollars;" therefore, the $999 will be ex-
empt from tax. The tax is to be paid monthly.
Suppose that each month there is a production
«f $900, you gather no tax. I would suggest
to the gentleman to make it read " for every
additional SI,000, or fractional part thereof."
_ Mr. ALLISON. This is precisely the pro-
vision in existing laws in relation to wholesale
dealers. It is at the rate of two dollars for
every $1,000 over $5,000.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. You
do not say "atthe rate of; " if you did, that
would meet the difficulty.
Mr. ALLISON. It is too late to make any
change now, even if desirable, because the
previous question has been called. But I
think there will be no difficulty. I now yield
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Moorhead.]
. Mr. MOORHEAD. I desire to say, in rela-
tion to the retnarks of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Bakks]—in which I think
he does injustice to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Schexck]—
that the chairman did not say that the commit-
tee were in favor of not reducing the tax upon
oils. Yet the gentleman from Massachusetts
quoted him as saying so. Now, the committee
have not decided any such thing, and I think
the gentleman has misquoted what the gentle-
man from Ohio said.
I am of the opinion that the committee will
report a reduction, from the fact that crude oil
is now going abroad in large quantities; and
unless a reduction be made the business of
refining the oil will be transferred from this
country to foreign countries. Whether the
House should now concur in the Senate amend-
ment or defer action on this subject till the
Committee of Ways and Means report their
general bill I am not prepared to say, nor do
I feel much interest in the question; but I have
no doubt that the committee fully admit the
propriety of a reduction.
Mr. BANKS. I stated to the House what
the chairman of the committee had said, using
his very words.
Mr. ALLISON. I now yield two minutes
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Jtjdd.]
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker,.when the report
of the committee was read I supposed the ques-
tion would come directly before the House on
concurring or non-concurring in the amend-
ment of the Senate. If the vote of the House
were to be finallyupon eoncurringin theamend-
ment of the Senate I would desire to offer an
amendment to that amendment. I am advised,
however, that, in the present posture of the
bill, I am not permitted by the rules to offer
my amendment without unanimous consent. I
therefore ask unanimous consent to offer the
amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I agree that if the amend
ment of the Senate is to be concurred in an
amendment substantially such as that which
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] has
prepared should be added. I would like to
hear it read.
Mr. JUDD. My amendment is to amend
the proviso added by the Senate to the first
section by striking out '' passage of this act"
and inserting "1st of July next;" so that
the proviso will read:
Provided, That the product of petroleum andbitu-
minous substances heretofore matjtfoned, except
illuminating gas, shall, from and after the 1st of
July next, be taxed at one half the rates fixed by
the said section ninety-four.
I had desired, with the assent of a portion of
the committee, to offer that amendment if the
vote should be taken on concurrence; but I
am precluded, as I understand, by the rules
from doing so. The only effect of my amend-
ment would be to protect those dealers who
now have on hand stocks on which they have
actually paid taxes, and which by this legislative
action, without the amendment, will be reduced
some four dollars and a half per barrel. The
amendment would simply make the operation
of this provision prospective, fixing the 1st
of July as the time when it shall take effect.
We would thus give to those who have already
paid their taxes upon this article an oppor-
tunity to dispose of their stocks under the law
as it now stands.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Those who have paid
their taxes are broken down, and they want the
tax taken off that they may recuperate. Those
who have not paid their taxes are cheating the
Government, and the time ought not to be ex-
tended'to enable them to continue their cheat-
ing. If unanimous consent is necessary to
permit the offering of the amendment I object.
Mr. ALLISON. As this amendment would
be an improvement upon the Senate amend-
ment I would be disposed to allow it to be in-
troduced but for the fact that the Senate amend-
ment is still crude in other respects, and it is
not desirable that it should be adopted even
with this amendment. I therefore must de-
cline to permit the gentleman to offer it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the House should concur in the Senate
amendment in regard to petroleum that ques
tion will not go before the committee of con-
ference, as both Houses will have agreed on
this subject.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield two minutes to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ixgersoli,.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, in the
two minutes which the gentleman allows me
I desire to call the attention of the House to
the subject of this petroleum or illuminating
oil. As the law now stands the products of
petroleum known as benzine and naphtha
(which art essentially the same) pay a tax of
ten Cents a gallon when they mark below seventy
degrees of Baume's hydrometer. When the
specific gravity is above seventy they pay no
tax whatever. By far the larger proportion of
benzine and naphtha marks above seventy and
pays no tax. Now, sir, the illuminating oil,
of which the only sort proper for use by the
poor man, or any other man, is the non-ex-
plosive sort, should be protected against the
fraudulent mixing of benzine and naphtha,
which give it its explosive character. Ben-
zine and naphtha are the explosive and in-
flammable substances, in petroleum, which, by
distillation, are taken out; and if they are of
a specific gravity above seventy they pay no
tax whatever.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Allow me ja. word.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have only two min-
utes and I wish to make that clear. _ I wish the
House to adopt an amendment to increase the
tax upon naphtha and benzine so there shall
be no premium to fraudulent rascals to mix
benzine with oil. Instead of the poor man's
light it is the poor man's murderer. I know I
am right, and we ought to'protectthe peopleby
our legislation. I say, sir, that nine tenths of
the conflagrations in the country are due to this
mixture of benzine and naphtha with oil. It has
also caused the loss of hundreds of lives. The
admixture of benzine and naphtha with illumin-
ating oil renders it as inflammable and explo-
sive as powder or nitro-glycerine and just as
dangerous. A gentleman tells me that a whole
family were burned to death in his district by
thi3 mixture.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot understand from
the gentleman from Illinois whether he is advo-
cating the-Senate amendment or not.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I had hardly time to
say that I prefer to take that as about ffie
thing we can get at this time. • -
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot muWrstand the
gentleman's reasoning. What does theSenate
amendment propose ? To cut down the tax,
and it does not touch the question the gentle-
man is talking about.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The Senate amendment
at least reduces the premium on fraud.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am as familiar with the
subject as the gentleman from Illinois. Ten cents
is the tax upon one grade, twenty cents upon
another, and there is anothergrade upon which
there is no tax. The Senate propose to cut
down the twenty to ten and the ten to five.
Now, I agree with the gentleman these in-
flammable substances ought to be taxed out of
existence.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I agree with that.
Mr. SCHENCK. In our general bill we
have provided for putting the tax so it will not
favor these things as they are favored now.
But the Senate does not touch the question.
They simply reduce the tax one half. They do
not touch the question to which the gentleman
refers, but they leave it as it is. I think we
had better leave the whole subject over to the
general bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let me have one minute
to reply.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague on the com-
mittee has charge of the floor.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield the floor now for
five minutes to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely
sympathize with the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means in the necessity which
has been forced upon him to discuss this sub-
ject under the pressure of the previous ques-
tion". I know the House has permitted, by unan-
imous consent, amendments to be proposed,
and I had some amendments to offer, but I was
unwilling to submit them unless in my own
time, and as the chairman was embarrassed by
the situation I did not ask to move them.
I desire to consider in the time given to me
the fourth amendment of the Senate and the
substitute proposed for it by the House. That,
fourth amendment provides that all articles of
manufacture which are not specifically taxed
after the bill shall pass shall be subjected to a
tax upon the sales of the same by the original
manufacturer. That is the provision the Sen-
ate ask us to adopt, and which it is said will
give us about ten million - dollars of revenue.
The House committee has proposed an amend-
ment which limits this provision to those articles
liberated from tax by this bill alone.
Now, at the last session of the Thirty-Eighth
Congress and at the first session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, in each of those sessions, in
the passage of the internal revenue bill a large
number of articles of manufacture were liber-
ated from taxation, amounting in the aggre-
gate to a remission of $75,000,000 of taxes.
And now, as the bill comes from the Committee
of Ways and Means, not one of all those arti-
cles liberated in the last two Congresses will
sustain any tax on sales, but all the articles
liberated by this bill are to be subjected to tax
on sales, thus discriminating between the man-
ufacturers by a remission of taxes to the
amount of $04,000,000 in addition to the $75,-
000,000 remitted by the former acts. Now, I
have looked over the law and there are some
four closely printed pages, amounting in all to
perhaps a thousand articles that were liberated
under the laws of the last two Congresses. All
these articles are to be subjected to no tax on
sales whatever, whereas all the articles liberated
by the bill now before the House are to be sub-
jected to such tax. That, I contend, is entirely
unjust. I admit that the fact that they have
now been liberated and are adjusted to the pres-
ent condition of prices gives them, perhaps,
for a temporary purpose, aright to a little con-
sideration over those that we are now liberat-
ing. But how will it be a year hence? A year
from now they ought to stand on the- same
