1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
duties under the law were performed. What
it is proposed to validate by this first section
is not a return of the election made by the
election commissioners; but it is attempted to
supersede that regular and official and legal
return.by a supplemental paper, which was
made out by a part of the commissioners.
That fact seems to have been overlooked in
the debate.
Now, sir, what I propose is, in drafting a
law which shall apply not only to the present
election, but to all future elections, the register
shall make out his certificate froin the official
returns made to him by the commissioners of
election ; whereas, under the bill as it now
stands, he is to make that return upon any
"satisfactory evidence." The very form of
this first section exposes its impropriety. It
is not proposed that the register shall make
certificates upon the official returns filed with
him under the law by the election commis-
sioners, but that he may make out his returns
upon any "satisfactory evidence" which may
be furnished to him by those commissioners,
or by any part of them.
Sir, this election was held; and after the
votes were counted, on the evening of the day
of the election, it was announced that Mr.
Given was elected mayor of the city, and that
there was a Conservative majority in the com-
mon council, and, I believe, a tie in the
board of aldermen. After midnight, singularly
enough, it was discovered that there was an
error in one of the wards, and the commis-
sioners proceeded to corrcct that error, as it
is alleged, by which a majority for Mr. Given
was changed into a majority for Mr. Bowen.
That was done after the first count, as I under-
stand ; and that result was reached, it is alleged,
by correcting some error in the night. Whether
that was fair or not is not for me to say ; but
for our present purpose we may assume that it
was a fair proceeding and that it was an honest
correction of an error.
But sir, what do we have? The commis-
sioners, and the whole of them acting together,
made out a return of the election not only for
the board of aldermen, but for the board of
common council, and transmitted that return
to the mayor of the city, under the law. Upon
that return there was a Conservative majority
in the common council. The mayor, under
the law, having received that return, issued a
notice through the newspapers of the city,
which was in the nature of a proclamation,
announcing the result, not only to the candi-
dates, but to the public; and when the board
of aldermen and common councilmen were to
convene, he transmitted to them, as I under-
stand, these official returns which had been
duly made to him by the commissioners of
election. Then a part of the commissioners,
as I said before, afterward made out a paper
or a statement and sent it to the register. It
was not a return of the election; it was a state-
ment by them with regard to the quality of
certain of the votes alleged to have been sol-
dier's votes, and upon that information, irregu-
lar and unlawful, the register made out returns
which were laid, or were attempted to be laid,
before the legislative body when they convened.
What is the object? There is no doubt
about the question of law. The regular return
of the election was sent to the mayor of the
city and was proclaimed, and that official re-
turn was sent to the boards of aldermen and
of councilmen when they met, and there was
an organization upon those clearly official, reg-
ular, lawful papers. But there was a seces-
sion, a bolt, by"a portion of the members of
the common council, who, upon notices merely
which the register had sent to particular per-
sons in one of the wards, attempted to admit
and to use those men as members of the board,
and they set up a separate organization, or
attempted to set up one, that cannot endure
investigation or the action of the common
council itself and of the board of aldermen,
because the control of the boaid of aldermen
has passed from the bolting party and is m the
line of regular an™ lawful action at this mo-
ment, and this seceding body in j^o common
council, if Congress does not interpose, will
be obliged to do just what was done by a sim-
ilar interest in the Legislature of Pennsylvania
on a signal occasion at the time of the Buck-
shot war ; the seceding members, who sot up,
under the lead of Mr. Stevens, a House of
their own, were forced to give up their organ-
ization and come into the regular body ; the
dispute came to an end. Just so here; if Con-
gress does not interpose, if by a vote taken
here it is shown that Congress will not inter-
pose in behalf of either party to this dispute,
this affair will settle itself in twenty-four hours.
It was got up. no doubt, with the intention of
appealing to Congress and getting some new
law by which a partisan advantage should be
gained and a decision be made in favor of
those who are departing from the laws which
regulate the election.
One-word more and I will leave the subject.
Mr. President, as already argued by the Sena-
tor from Indiana, under the law the result of
the election was to be certified by the com-
missioners who held it. They did, after count-
ing the votes, go on and certify the result of
the election, and the whole of the commis-
sioners acted in that proceeding, and when
they had completed it their functions ended.
They had no power to do anything more ex-
cept, possibly, to transmit the papers after-
ward. They might do that through a messen-
ger. Then, I repeat, a part of the board under-
took afterward to hold a judicial investiga-
tion of the election, and get up a paper setting
aside some part of the vote which had been
polled. And here we are by act of Congress
to sanction this proceeding, virtually to turn
out the men who were regularly reported
elected in one of the wards, and to put their
opponents in and to organize the board, so that
when it comes to the investigation of the quali-
fications of those rejected voters, there can be
a decision obtained in favor of somebody or
of some interest.
Observe there is not the slightest evidence
before the Senate, although we are asked to
pass this bill, that there was an illegal vote at
the election. On the other hand, the presump-
tion is that these were legal votes, although
open to question and to investigation, of course,
if anybody chooses to raise an inquiry. The
presumption is, that the registry was right,
that the persons who made the registration,
Mr. Bowen himself being one of them, made
an honest and proper enumeration of the per-
sons in this city qualified to exercise the elect-
ive franchise, and for five days before the elec-
tion there was the opportunity to revise those
lists and to make them perfect and complete
and exactly in accordance with this very law
which is now appealed to on the subject of
soldiers. . . .
I say, then, that every presumption is m
favor of the legality of the votes which were
received in that ward and which were undeni-
ably upon the legistration list. And observe,
sir, that under the prior law, before this act
of this spring to which allusion is made, one
year's residence in this city was required, not
of citizens merely but ot soldiers also of all
classes. Consequently these registrars, of
whom Mr. Bowen was one, must only have
registered those persons in the military ser-
vice who had been residents of the city of
Washington for one year before. They did
register them, and their names were put up
forpublic inspection, and they remained there
after the registration lists were revised. There
is, therefore, no reason for the declaration,
which is made here with such confidence, that
those votes were illegal.
And, sir there is no pretense that the elec-
tion officers did investigate the question^ of
their right to vote at all. They had no right
under the law to do it when the election was
held. There is no pretense that they attempted
to do it, certainly after the election was over.
They entered into no examination ; they called
no witnesses with reference to these voters.
They did not examine the voters themselves.
How could they say that any one of them was
not entitled to vote? Certainly they eould not.
Therefore all that this board did was not only
a usurpation of power, but it was an outrage
upon the electors of the city of Washington
that they, without th# slightest authority, with-
out any color of law 'to sanction their pro-
ceedings, should strike from the poll the neces-
sary number to count off particular officers
from the returns and count in others, and to
do this after these very men themselves had
certified under the law the result of the election
and their duties had come to an end.
It is not for me, sir, to describe the conduct
of these commissioners of election ; but there
is one thing I can do; I can form an opinion of
the attitude and position in which I should be
placed by voting for this bill which has been
sent here in their interest. I should consider
myself disgraced by sanctioning any law^ to
patch up a miserable election trick of this kind
to enable certain persons in the common
council of the city to possess the legal power
if they please hereafter to purge the election,
or to transfer this dispute to a court of the
District to undergo investigation there perhaps
for six months or a year, and meantime install
the rejected persons in office in the board of
common council and enable them to control
the patronage of the city of Washington and
place their favorites in office, or, at all events,
to hold the other branch of the local legisla-
ture, the board of aldermen, in check, and
control them in taking snch action as they are
entitled to take under the law of their organiza-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator irora
Pennsvlvania.
Mr.'liUCKALEW called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. BUCKALEW. This amendment sim-
ply provides that the register of the city shall
make out his certificate upon the official re-
turns made to him by the election officers
instead of "satisfactory evidence/'
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to make one sug-
gestion to the Senator. I am sure he sees the
effect of this amendment, but it defeats the
bill. I presume every Senator sees that,because,
of course, one board ot aldermen will claim that
certain returns are not regular, and the other
board will claim that they are regular, and it
leaves the question just as we find it, and unless
we pass the bill as it stands we accomplish
nothing.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 29; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Doolittlc, Fowler,
Hendricks, McCreery, Patterson of Tonnes-see, ana
Viekers—8, ,, ,
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler,Cole, Conness,
Corbett, Cragin, Ferry, ilnrlan, HowSrd, Howe,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of \' ermont, Jxye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Kamsey,
Boss, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, lip tun.
Van Winkle, Wado, Willoy, Williams, Wilson, and
YafCS—
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cattell, Conk-
ling, Dixon, Drake, Edmunds, Fe^senden, lu-ehng-
luiysen, Grimes, Henderson, .Johnson, JloHon, bur-
ton, Saulsbury, Spiugue, and Trumbull—li.
So the amendment, was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In the fourth section,
after the word "trial," in the twelfth line, I
move to insert the words ,L and either party
may have a trial by jury."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out
the following words in the third section, fifth
and sixth lines, "and the action of said court
in relation thereto shall be final." I will state
to the Senate that 1 think the amendment
should be adopted. The proceeding contem-
plated in this section is summary and ought not
to be final. It provides for placingthe party m
office upon the certificate alone, and does not
proposeto go into the merits of the controversy,
if controversy shall exist, and upon that tria ,
when the caseistobe decided exclusively by the
certificate given by the register, the fincing or
decision of the court ought not to be imal.
will read the section :
Sec. 3. And be H further enacted, That the supreme
