2106
Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
half the manufacturers of the country shall suf-
fer a tax on sales while the other half have no
tax at all to pay-
Now, if we are to adopt either of these prop-
ositions I prefer to adopt that of the Senate.
But i desire to say that I am opposed to the
adoption of the Senate amendment also. It will
be remembered that in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress a very elaborate discussion took place on
the principle of taxing sales, and I wish only
to say, as my time is almost exhausted, that it
was then developed that but three civilized
nations ever attempted to or ever did adopt a
law levying a general tax on sales, and the re-
sult was most disastrous in all those nations.
This is not a general tax on sales, but it is a
step toward it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I only desire to say a single
word in reply to my friend irorn Ohio, [Mr.
Garfiei.d.] The reason urged by hiin why
this modification proposed by the Committee
of Ways and Means should not be adopted is a
reason why we should stand here and do
nothing on this question of taxation. We in-
troduced this bill believing there was a present
necessity to relieve the manufactures from
tax. We introduced this bill because we could
not bring in our entire bill for a month to
come.
Now, my friend mistakes the committee
when he supposes it is our intention to relieve
a large class of manufacturers from this tax on
sales. This bill applies only to those manu-
factures that are included in sections ninety-
four and ninety-five of the existing law. It
does not apply to those that are exempted by
former legislation. I agree with my friend that
we, perhaps, made a mistake in our bill two
years ago when we relieved absolutely a cer-
tain class of manufactures from tax. I believe,
for instance, that the iron interest can bear a
burden of taxation as well as any other manu-
facture in this country. Yet a year ago we
relieved that interest from internal duty. Now,
when we come to report our general bill—and
this is an answer to every speech made in oppo-
sition to this provision—we propose to tax all
manufacturers upon their sales, as we now
propose to tax those manufacturers who are
affected by this bill—not only the manufac-
tures included in this bill, but all other man-
ufactures—one fifth of one per cent.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am very much pleased
to learn that the gentleman proposes, when the
general bill is introduced, to do that thing; but
it seems to me, if he will allow me the sugges-
tion, that he has given us an argument against
passing this clause when he says that they
propose to change it in the general bill. Why
not, then, disagree with the Senate and remit
the whole question to the general bill?
Mr. ALLISON. I will answer my friend on
that point. We now propose to relieve the
manufacturers of fifty dollars on $1,000, and
their products will, of course, be absolutely
free if we do not adopt this amendment of the
Senate or some modification of it. And we
shall find, when hereafter we come toreimpose
taxation on manufactures, that they will op-
pose it entirely. We think when we relieve
them of fifty dollars on $1,000 they ought to
be willing to allow us to impose on them an
additional tax of two dollars. But it is the
intention of the Committee of Ways and Means
not only to tax manufacturers one fifth of one
per cent., but to tax ali wholesale dealers one
fifth of one per cent, on sales, instead of one
tenth of one per cent., as now imposed bylaw
on wholesale dealers, so that all wholesale
dealers will be placed on a par with manufac-
turers, and be compelled to pay one fifth of
one per cent, on sales. Were it not for the
fact that a higher tax ought to be imposed
on sales we could not remit the tax on man-
ufactures, because we must have revenue to
sustain the Government and support its puolic
credit; and we cannot do that if we relieve
manufactures entirely from taxation. _
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment ?
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. Having been detained at
home by the dangerous illness of a member of
my family, I have been conferring for the last
three days with leading manufacturers of Phil-
adelphia, which is, I believe, conceded to be
the great manufacturing center of the„country
at this time, and the gentleman from Iowa has
expressed in the philosophy which has gov-
erned the committee the conclusion presented
to me by, 1 may say and speak largely within
bounds, fifty of the manufacturers of Phila-
delphia. Their suggestion is an amendment to
the Senate amendment, such as I find here,
making the two mills tax apply to the articles
to be relieved by this bill and not to articles
which have hitherto been relieved, because that
wouid involve an embarrassment in their ac-
counts, and on many articles upon which the
profits are very minute a readjustment of prices
or a loss upon the articles. Men who are re-
lieved of a five per cent, tax will not object to
two mills as a tax upon them, and so, too, of
those that are relieved of two and a half and
three per cent. I do not think that a measure
of legislation more vital to the interests of the
country than this was ever before this House,
and I do not believe that any amendment
could be made to the bill which would make
it so satisfactory to the classes it affects as
precisely this one, which leaves free from tax-
ation articles that have hitherto been exempted,
and diminishes or almost removes the taxes
imposed on other products of manufacturing
skill and industry.
Mr. ALLISON. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. JNIr. Speaker, I made an effort
to get a motion before the House to recommit
this bill to the Committee of Ways and Means,
with instructions to report an amendment which
would make a like reduction on foreign im-
portations. 1 desire to explain very briefly
the object which 1 had in view in that prop-
osition.
It will be perceived that this bill proposes an
aggregate reduction of about sixty million dol-
lars from the whole revenue of the country.
It is thus proposed to reduce the revenue nearly
ohe fifth by taking off the tax upon manufac-
tures.
Now, it is estimated that there will be re-
quired for the expenses of the Government
!j)o31,000,000, and $150,000,000 of that, or
nearly half, is to be derived from duties on im-
ported articles. The committee and the House,
1 am afraid, do not see the fact that by reducing
the tax on manufactures they necessarily reduce
the prices to the consumers of manufactures,
and in doing that they wi:l necessarily reduce
importations, because the foreign manufac-
turers cannot thus competc with American
manufacturers.
The effect of that, in my judgment, will be
to create a proportional decrease in the reve-
nue from duties upon foreign articles imported,
thus creating a large deficiency in the amount
required to carry on the Government. In that
aspect of the case, therefore, I think it but
right and fair, should we desire to continue in
the receipt of sufficient revenue, to make a
pro rata reduction of the duties laid upon for-
eign importations. And there is another rea-
son. It is unfair to the commercial interests
of this country to relieve manufacturers and
throw a corresponding increase of the burdens
of taxation upon trade and commerce. We
have other interests besides those of manufac-
tures. There are our agricultural, importing,
trading, commercial, and navigating interests
that are materially affected by our action. In
my judgment it is untimely for Congress at
this time to lay this burden upon these other
interests in order to relieve the manufacturing
interest.
It was for that reason, therefore, that I de-
sired to move to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, with instructions
to provide for a pro rata reduction of the du-
ties upon imported articles. As that motion
was not in order at the present stage of this
matter I have made this explanation of my
views upon this subject.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I will yield for a moment
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] has shown very good reason
why we should not adopt the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means
in reference to manufactures, inasmuch as it
makes a broad discrimination without any rea-
son, by removing the tax on sales from one
class and imposing it on another.
I desire the floor, also, to show why we should
not concur'in the amendment of the Senate
touching the same thing; but that we should
non-concur and have a committee of confer-
ence. That amendment of the Senate pro-
poses to bring within the scope of this tax the
entire free list; that upon which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, who last addressed the
House, [Mr. ICEU.Er,] and myself, and mem-
bers of this House generally, have struggled
to put articles which it was absolutely neces-
sary to have upon the free list; such as agri-
cultural implements and articles of necessity
generally. All the articles in the free list,
which, from absolute necessity, has increased
until it now covers many pages of the law, by
this amendment of the Senate are to have this
tax laid upon them. I hope, therefore, the
House will non-concur in this amendment, for
reasons which I have sought to urge, and which
have been urged with so much more ability by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. ALLISON. I now yield to my colleague
upon the committee, [Mr. MayKard.]
Mr. MAYNABD. If we could have every-
thing as we wanted we would probably carry
our proposition a little further and abolish
taxes altogether; or, as some one has ex-
pressed it, have no taxes at all and pay the
expenses of the Government by drafts upon
the Treasury. But unfortunately we are com-
pelled to have money in the Treasury derived
from the collection of taxes, and that to a very
large amount.
There is one thing to be noticcd ; during the
whole of this debate and during the discussions
which we have heard in the committee-room,
where we have had a great number of perrons
who have told us of articles that should not be
taxed and have given very ingenious and plau-
sible reasons to show why they should not be
taxed, I believe we have not yet had one per-
son come before us to tell us of an article that
might be or ought to be taxed.
Now, in regard to this article of petroleum,
which my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
St'okieli)] characterizes as the "poor man's
light," when did it become the poor man's
light? Was there no poor man's light before
petroleum came into use? Were there no poor
men before this light was discovered ? Did not
they have light from animal and fish oils?
Mr. SCOFIELD. That was "the light of
other days." [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Petroleum may supply
the light which some poor men use, but it
also furnishes the light which a great many
rich men use also. That argument, it strikes
me, is a very suspicious one.
Who are they that are here seeking to have
the tax on this article abolished ? Are they
the poor men or the representatives of the poor
men ? No, sir ; they are the petroleum capi-
talists, the men who represent the oil wells.
It is a very suspicious circumstance that the
appeal for the removal of this tax, made in the
name of the poor men of the country, comes
from those who represent, the petroleum wells
and the oil distilleries. Why, sir, our taxes
should be collected from the wealthy interests,
the capital of the country, the men who have
the means to pay; and I know of no interest
so abundantly able to pay as that which is rep-
resented by the word "petroleum," a word
which from the time it came into the general
vocabulary has been the synonym for wealth
hastily acquired, wealth gotten without effort,
