4154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
works heretofore commenced are to be prose-
cuted at the expense of $1,000,000; but works
not heretofore commenced but projected, and
as necessary as those heretofore commenced,
or more so, are to be put off. That is the case.
It is simply an appropriation for a partial ser-
vice, and it is therefore chosen from the river
and harbor bill. That is to say, the commit-
tee decide that the works in progress shall be
continued at the expense of $1,000,000, and
that the bill referred to them shall not be con-
sidered further. Well, sir, I do not think this
is just. 1 do not think it is just what we should
do. I should like to have from the Committee
on Commerce or from the chairman of that
committee some exposition of the special works
to which this $1,000,000 is to be applied—
what are those works and where are they—so
that we may have the means of judging of
their importance, and whether any of them will
suffer by delay? May not this appropriation
of $1,000,000 or a part of it be retained in the
Treasury with as little injury to the public ser-
vice as the retention as to the other works
perhaps in the river and harbor bill V
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committeeon Com-
merce has not abandoned that bill by any man-
ner of means. The bill having passed the
House is a live bill until the 4th of March
next. The committee do propose to take it up
at the earliest moment of the next session.
The season for carrying on the works is now
far advanced. It would be after the 1st of
August before any new work could be com-
menced. There are various works—1 cannot
name thein all—that have been commenced,
which a small sum would carry through until
the close of navigation or the time to close
operations upon these public works. After
consultation with the Secretary of War, the
committee were of opinion that this $1,000,000
would not be the appropriation requisite to
|*o through as is customary to the end of the
fiscal year, the 30th of June, but would carry
the works through to the close of navigation
and the close of actual operations this season.
Therefore the committee agreed to defer final
action upon the House bill and to propose that
this $1,000,000 be put in the hands of the
Secretary of War for the judicious prosecution
and preservation of the works already com-
menced.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the
Senator had better adhere to the amendment
of which he gave the Committee on Appropria-
tions notice. - I see that the Senator's amend-
ment to-day does not conform to the amend-
ment of which he gave us notice; and I am
led to remark that distinction by the remarks
of the Senator from California; and perhaps
the original amendment would obviate some
of the criticisms and objections he has to this.
It reads in this way:
^ One million dollars, to bo expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War, for the ropair, preser-
vation, and completion of certain public work on
rivers and harbors.
I happen to be a member of the Committee
on Commerce, but have been so much engaged
in the duties of the Committee on Appropria-
tions as not to be able to give much attention
to that measure.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would as soon have
it in that form, and will accept the modifica-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to say,
in a general way, that there are difficulties at
this period of the session in the way of making
the appropriations presented in the river and
harbor bill from the House of Representatives.
As the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce has stated, it appropriates between six
and seven millions. It is a pretty large sum
of money to appropriate just at this particular
time, and in this condition of the finances of
the country ; and it is particularly embarrass-
ing from the fact that when Congress met it
was understood from the other branch, in which
the appropriations for the public service gen-
erally originate, that this year we were to be
confined to appropriations for such as were
works of necessity; that the appropriations,
were to be limited, and be limited to the exigen-
cies of the service. So at a very early day
the appropriation bill for works of defense,
the ordinary annual appropriation for which
is between two and three million dollars, was
sent to this branch of the Legislature, and to
its appropriate committee, with but a single
$200,000 appropriated, and that in language
and in phrase which limited it simply to the
repair and preservation of those works, showing
that nothing was to be done even for the com-
pletion of the works unfinished. The branch
gradually accepted that proposition upon the
general understanding that such were the ex-
igencies of the country this year, such were
the financial exigencies of the country, that
we could not eveu make the ordinary appro-
priations for the public works of defense.
Now, sir, as the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce has said, at a very late day in
this session, after the House of Representatives
had agreed upon a day of adjournment only
two weeks ahead, they sent a bill to this branch
appropriating between six and seven million
dollars for a great variety of purposes, not for
the completion, not for the repair, not for the
preservation of works already begun, but for
the extension of works, for new works, new
enterprises, some of them of an experimental
character,and oneparticular item of $2,600,000
or nearly that, altogether new. And, Mr.
President, you will see that it devolved upon
the Committee on .Commerce at this period in
the session a duty which, under the circum-
stances, I submit with the best efforts and the
best intentions and the best purposes to sub-
serve the public interests. It was hardly to be
expected, devoting all their time and energy
to it, that they could accomplish it, notwith-
standing; and it was not, I need not say, quile
in harmony with what had been understood,
and not quite in harmony with what Congress
has practiced or attempted to practice in every
oilier branch of the service. You may have
rigidly determined that this year you would
raise no salaries, that you would appropriate
no money for contingencies whicli were not
absolute necessities. You have held that the
defense of the countiy demanded this, that the
public cicdil demanded it; and in this view I
ant rather of the opinion that the Committee
on Commerce judged wisely that at this late
period in the session of the little opportunity
for examination into the great variety of sub-
jects presented by that bill from the House.
The best thing that can be done under the cir-
cumstances is to hold the bill which the House
has sent fur further deliberation, and in the
mean time appropriate so much money at the
disposal of the Secretary of War, through the
engineer department, which has all the inform-
ation and a great deal more than Congress
could have or any of its committees on this
subject, to he devoted, in the language of this
amendment, to the repair, the preservation,
and the completion of certain public works.
I am not particularly well informed, I am
very sorry to say, about these public works in
detail, but I know something from the exam-
ination of the reports of the engineers, and
enough to know that there are certain public
works in that condition that they may be said
to create an exigency, so to sptak, for some
appropriation. That class, I believe, is not
very large.
I know that there are a certain class of pub-
lic works, harbors on the western lakes, which
have been prosoeuted for the last three or four
years, many of which are nearly in a state of
completion. There are some, perhaps twelve
or fifteen according to my recollection, on the
western lakes, where a very small amount is
proposed to be appropriated for this year, and
where that small amount would complete them.
1 should say that the Secretary of War would
find no difficulty in discriminating in favor of
such works upon the obvious ground that the
materials are on the spot, and that they are in
that condition of completion that it would be
economy to prosecute,them tofinaleompletion;
and therefore I should think that this word
" completion" was an appropriate phrase ; and.
that what is implied in it would be the exercise
of a sound discretion.
But I know, Mr. President, more, and
besides, that there are a class of public works
contemplated by ihe bill which has been sent
from the other House which do not stand in.
this relation to the Government of the country,
which are not matters of exigency of to-day,
in regard to which the commerce of the coun-
try and the general condition of the country
will not suffer particularly if they are postponed
until the next session ; that if Congress believes
that the public credit and the finances of the
country will not admit of so large an expendi-
ture at the present time, nothing will be lost
particularly by allowing them to stand over
until the next session, and that class is so
obvious that the Secretary of War, under the
information furnished him by the chief engi-
neer, will have no difficulty, I think, in dis-
criminating what the public service demands
to-day, and between this time and the closing
up of navigation in the fall, and what it does
not.
Therefore, Mr. President, under all the cir-
cumstances, considering the finances of the
country and its credit; considering the charac-
ter of the bill which has come from the House
of Representatives, the investigation that it
necessarily involves, and considering the late
period of the session at which it comes to us,
I think on the whole the Committee on Com-
merce perhaps judged wisely in preferring to
appropriate a general sum instead of under-
taking themselves to discriminate between the
classes of objects which were absolutely public
exigencies and those which are not. In other
words, I think that the public service will be
better subserved at present by the appropria-
tion now proposed. Unless the Senate shall
come to the conclusion that it is worth while
to accept the general bill as it comes from the
House of Representatives, without much ex-
amination, I think it is the safer way on the
whole to appropriate a general sum, such as is
indicated by this amendment, and leave the
matter to that discretion and judgment which
wo have reason to hope will be exercised in
the Department of War, and postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the general bill until De-
cember. Of course this ought to be done with
the entire understanding, if it goes upon this
bill, that the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce has no intention of considering at
the present session the House bill, which I un-
derstand him to avow; and if it is agreeable
to the Senator from Michigan, I will move as
a substitute for his amendment the amendment
that he had referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will accept that.
ThePRESIDENTjprafem^iore. The amend-
ment, as modified, will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
modified, which was to insert after line two
hundred and seven:
For the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works on rivers and harbors, to be ex.
ponded under the direction of the Secretary of War,
>1,1)1)1),0()u.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations why that particular part of the amend-
ment is stricken out that required this money
to be applied to those works "which liuve been
commenced under the authority of law.
Mr. MORRI LL, of Maine. The Senator from
California made some criticism upon the phrase-
ology ; he said that there were ccrtafti works
proposed which had not been authorized in
?Tsense being appropriated for.
Mr. CONNESS. For instance, if the Sen-
ator will permit me, there have been surveys
authorized under other actsj this would con-
fine this appropriation to works that are being
constructed. 1 do not desire any such restric-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL,^ of Maine. " Authorized
by Jaw,7' when applied to these appropriations,
