1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
more closest© his idol and nurse his anger in
secret, hoping for an opportunity to enthrone
the one and gratify the other.
I believe in my heart the honorable Senator
would this day regret to seethe military called
away from the South on account of what he
must know would follow. He knows that the
constitutional guarantee of freedom of speech
would perish in an hour, and no man would
be allowed to discuss the war, the results of
the war, and the rights of the people of the
.North, East, and West to go where they please
and utter as fully as at home all the deep-seated
convictions of their souls. He knows that the
former slaves would be as completely at the
mercy of the rebels as when they were in their
legal power, for now the additional motive
would appeal to the brutal and infamous that
those people of color loved the old flag and
aided the Lincoln hirelings. He knows that
men of the North would be injured in business
and driven from many parts of the South. He
knows a free press would be mobbed as a
pleasant pastime, and editors shot as amusing
recreation for the knights of the lost cause.
He knows that Union men and Union soldiers
would be kicked out of rebel courts all over
the South. He knows that schools and col-
leges dare not allow their pupils and students
to recite in public the spirit-stirring eulogies
upon loyalty and the American Union which
patriotism has produced and eloquence im-
mortalized. He knows that the pulpit dare
not attempt to enforce kindness and forbear-
ance to the freedme-n and the duty of submis-
sion to the laws of the people's Congress, as
required by the doctrine that "the powers that
be are ordained of God." He knows that
after policy has defined its position and cupid-
ity adopted its hypocritical cant the great
mass of rebels are bitter rebels still, and will
retiain so during entire life; no mental or
moral change has ever come over the spirit of
their dreams. The loyal white men and loyal
blacks and a few deceived and now silent and
submissive are all to whom the Government
can look for hearty cooperation and support.
I do not wish to be uncharitable, and there-
fore I am inclined to pause just here and dwell
upon the fact that it left alone the penitent
rebel and the unrepentant rebel would neither
of them be asking or desiring to-day the privi-
lege of voting.
On the day of surrender they would have
said, we entered the war against you, determ-
ined to destroy the American Union; we hated
the idea of nationality; we cherished the fancy
of State sovereignty; we adored the institu-
tion of slavery as a system of power and
wealth, a cheap and convenient system of con-
cubinage, a concomitant of aristocracy, and
the proper corner-stone of civil government.
The appeals of our revolutionary fathers in
behalf of universal freedom were all discarded ;
and when men of the North were exiled from
the South, or warned not to enter it with hopes
of hospitality, if they came cherishing the
doctrines of Thomas Jefferson, we yielded a
hearty approval. We turned our pulpits against
the doctrines of a universal brotherhood; we
expurgated our literature; we put our orators
and poets under bonds to be true to our pre-
judices and desires; and during all these four
years of war, by battle, by assassination, by
conscription, by starvation in prison-pens and
dungeons, and by an effort to press yellow fever
into our service, we have bankrupted earth
for expedients of destruction. Having done
all this, do have mercy upon us, and allow us
to retire to obscurity. If life and property are
granted we will ever remember your great and
astounding magnanimity. But with all our
national mistakes and national sins, do not ex-
pect us to assume to aid and cherish and build
up through the ballot-box this late object of our
vengeance. With the blood of the avenging
angel on all our door-posts we cannot in less
than a generation forget this calamity. We
have no love of country; and it is only by love
that the citizen can fulfill the duties of his
position. Perhaps we have loved our States too
blindly; but beyond doubt we have hated our
Government of the Union with a perfect hatred.
There are a few men among us who were your
friends and never faltered. Our slaves are de-
moralized; but you can make nothing of them.
You have run your Government in spite of us ;
your ways are not as ours ; we cannot help you,
and, besides, we have sworn each to the other
to die in the last ditch rather than live again in
the Union under the hated stars and stripes.
Your principles are now to triumph—we do
not understand them. But if they redeem our
desolated lajids; if they build up our ruined
cities; if they bring commerce to our silent
wharves and harbors; if they erect the school
and college, our children may some day yield
that obedience which we refused. If there are
any among vis who can take your Constitution
to their arms, let them embrace it; if any who
can spend their time and means and influence
to sustain your Union party in canvassing and
voting and becoming legislators for the nation
by swearing truthfully they never '' gave aid or
comfort to the enemies of the country," in
your discretion, let tliem do so. In view of all
this, I have no doubt but the rebels would have
submitted cheerfully to such reconstruction as
we are now enforcing had not their northern
allies became their champions, eulogists, and
defenders.
Mr. President, you will remember that dur-
ing the war if a citizen of the South had been
found with one of your speeches in his posses-
sion, the rebelswould have exiled, imprisoned,
or murdered him, on a proven charge of sym-
pathy with the Union of the States ; but if he
had been found with a speech of a Democratic
Senator about him, the same rebels would
have voted him a friend and given him the
protection of the stars and bars. But had
the Union men of the South found a wounded
soldier with one of your eloquent and impas-
sioned appeals for universal freedom and the
success of the Federal arms with him they
would have divided their last morsel of food
and defended his perishing life-at the risk of
their own. And, sir, the people of the Sou,th
measure public men by the same standard to-
day. The Union men of all grades look to the
llepublican parly for sympathy and support,
while the unrepentant rebels look to their
Demociatic allies for consolation and hojje.
Mr. President, the only path of duty for us
to travel is that marked out by the light of
Christian civilization. We are pledged by the
spirit of our institutions ; by Pilgrim vows and
Pilgrim faith ; by interpositions of Providence,
from the hour of the Mayflower's peril to the
fall of treason's banner, todo, by ourlegislation,
all and everything demanded by the strictest
rules of Heaven's justice. When we attempted
to evade a settlement after the American Revo-
lution of 1770, we gradually commenced to
illustrate the proposition, " Whom the gods
intend to destroy they first make mad." When
we denied the criminality of slavery, and turned
the Bible's precepts aside, and with the emblems
of bread and wine enticed Christ's humble poor
to the table of communion in order that the
soul-driver might, with greater accuracy, cast
the lariat over the head of his property, we
were invoking Heaven's vengence and mort-
gaging the blood of a whole generation. "When
we decided to try the virtue of extorted tears,
and sweat, and blood, as a fertilizer for the
virgin soil of the mighty "West, and sought to
consecrate Kansas and Nebraska to the domin-
ion of the blood-hound and lash, in our impotent
rage we were only preparing an amphitheater
for the greatest moral and physical contest
humanity ever witnessed or civilization ever
crowned. Retribution is written all over the
later pages of our national history. And now
comes the era of compensation. Liberty pro-
claimed through all the land, the swarthy sons
of Africa pleading from the platform, the forum
and rostrum the cause of universal rights, and
quoting in the ears of defunct aristocracy the
severely true precepts of a long-abused'now
triumphant democracy.
By all the concentrated rays of history, writ-
ten in blood, I see one only path of safety for
my native land, and that is universal justice.
You may sail whatever sea you choose, and
shift your sails to any point you please, and
whether in the calm or storm you reach the goal
there never can be pea® or safety only in the
haven of universal justice. We may tamper
with conscience, and make concession to the
wounded spirit of a once domineering people,
and lie down to dream of Dives in hell and
Lazarus in Abraham's bosom; we may shut
our eyes and close our ears, steel our hearts
and hush our voices, and then look out again
upon a carnival of death, hearken to an ocean
tone of woe, and die despised, traitors to coun-
try, God, and man. But if we seek only jus-
tice then our work shall live and grow and swell
into more magnificent proportions as future
eras rise and culminate into the perfection of
truth and duty.
Mr. DAVIS obtained the floor; but yielded
to Mr. Sherman, on whose motion the Senate *
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time spent in executive
session, the doors were reopened, and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 10, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer "
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of States and
Territories, commencing with the State of
Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to appropriate com-
mittees, not to be brought back by a motion
to reconsider. During this call resolutions of
State and Territorial Legislatures may be pre-
sented.
SALLY C. NICHOLSON.
Mr. BLAINE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
079) for the relief of Mrs. Sally C. Nicholson;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
hiram a. cutting.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
080) for the relief of Hiram A. Cutting; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
CURRENCY AND BANKIN'G.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 681) for retiring United States notes and
for a free system of national banking; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
protection of the revenue.
Mr. BUTLER introduced a bill (II. R. No.
082) in addition to an act to protect the reve-
nues, and for other purposes ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
thomas f. roberts.
/•J^ BOIER introduced a joint resolution
(H R. No. 19-3) for the relief of Thomas F.
Roberts, late first sergeant of company D, fifth
Pennsylvania cavalry ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
COLLECTOR AT YORKTOTCN, VIRGINIA.
Mr. MORRELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 683) in relation to the collector of cus-
toms at Yorktown, Virginia, and abolishing
the office of deputy collector at the same place;
Wiiich was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
restoration of -rebel states.
Mr. MILLER introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 196) requesting the Committee on
Reconstruction to inquire and report if there
is any further legislation necessary to insure
