1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4155
is not a very definite phrase and has no great
meaning in it, for this reason: we make ap-
propriations for the survey, for instance, of
the rivers and lakes; as the result of those
surveys we get estimates for appropriations for
certain improvements in the rivers and in the
lakes. In a certain sense they are authorized ;
those improvements have been suggested under
the patronage of the Government; appropri-
ations for their exploration and survey and
estimates have been mad<e; but still they are
not, in the strict sense in which we are consid-
ering this measure, considered to be author-
ized by law until they are appropriated for;
and they are never "authorized" in any other
sense. And yet a simple appropriation for an
improvement at a particular place only pledges
the faith of the Government that the improve-
ment shall be made. So that, in a certain
sense, I think the phrase '• authorized by law"
has no precise meaning, and at the same time
it might exclude several works on a certain
construction ; there might be a distinction
between a work which had been authorized by
law by an appropriation to make it and a work
for which there had been appropriation simply
for an exploration and survey and an estimate
consequent thereon. Now, I understand the
Senator from California to raise such a distinc-
tion as that and say that it is invidious. That
is, I suppose he means that he can conceive
of an enterprise where there has been a sur-
vey, and an estimate for the improvement
based on the survey, where it may be quite as
important that an expenditure should be made
this year as for certain other works for which
an appropriation has been heretofore made.
I am therefore entirely willing myself that it
should stand upon the discretion of the Secre-
tary of War to say, looking at the condition
of the work for the last three or four years,
"How much will it cost here to complete this
improvement; how much will it cost to put
that work in good order this year and ought it
to be done, or can it be postponed for another
year; here is a work surveyed but not begun,
ought anything to be done on that?" 1 am
willing to leave the whole matter to his dis-
cretion to this extent.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I want to
understand distinctly what is proposed by this
amendment. I learn privately that the prop-
osition is to defeat the appropriation for rivers
and harbors and put this in as a substitute for
that general bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator will par-
don me for interrupting him. It has no such
intention. It is simply to postpone the con-
sideration of the river and harbor bill proper
until December next; and this ia for the con-
tinuation of works now in progress of construc-
tion, to carry them to the close of navigation,
the close of work this year, and it makes no
appropriation for next year; but that bill will
be taken up early in December and perfected,
and its passage urged.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, Mr. President, I was
right practically. It postpones it one year
practically.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; four months.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
suggest to the Senator from Iowa that there is
this to be said about it: the appropriations
which are made for the current year, com-
mencing on the 1st of July, are usually ex-
pended the next year; there are surpluses,
more or less, from the expenditures of last
year. The service on these works commences
at the opening of navigation on the lakes and
on the rivers. Now, it is believed that this
$1,000,000 will be ample for that portion of
the service which is absolutely deemed to be a
necessity between this and the closing of navi-
gation, leaving the Committee on Commerce to
examine the general river and harbor appro-
priation bill, as I understand the chairman to
say is his purpose, at the commencement of
the next session, in season to make the appro-
priations after the opening of navigation  ext
year.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I have two
objections to the proposition. The first one is,
that it is unusual to place so large a sum of
money at the exclusive discretion of a single
officer of the Government. Heretofore Con-
gress has been careful to provide the mode of
applying the public treasure. Appropriations,
to be sure, are made in gross for the support
of the Army and Navy, because it is impos-
sible to specify in advance how the_ money
shall be applied. This proposition is, as I
understand it, to place $1,000,000 at the
discretion of the Secretary of War alone, to
be applied on public improvements. He may
apply the whole million, if he chooses, to one
work; he may divide it and subdivide it just
as he chooses. This is a discretion that, in
my opinion, the members of Congress have no
right to transfer from themselves to the head
of any executive Department.
In the second place, I am not in favor of
this postponement; and I will say frankly that
I would deem it ungenerous for those who are
interested in another class of appropriations
if they should defeat the river and harbor bill
in this mode. The appropriations have been
made for the light-houses and for the Coast
Survey and everything of that kind in which
the people of the great interior have no imme-
diate interest; and when a bill is proposed by
the Representatives of the people interesting
to the "great interior, where they have a fair
representation, this branch of Congress, where
the people are not fairly themselves represented
in point of numbers, proposes to postpone it
for a year. If the immediate Representatives
of the people are disposed to appropriate a
few million dollars for the improvement of
rivers and harbors, a part of the latter being
in the interior of the country, I do not think
this body lias a right to step in and interpose.
I do not intend to consume the time of the
Senate in discussing this question ; but I desire
to record my vote against this amendment,
because, as 1 understand it, it is intended to
be a substitute for the time being for the river
and harbor improvement bill.
Mr. MORJilLL, of Maine. I desire to say
one word in reply to a remark which has fallen
from my honorable friend which is not just, as
I think he will admit. He wishes to protest
against a discrimination here against an interest
in which a certain section of the country has a
deep concern, now that a certain other section
of the country has been provided for. I think
if the honorable Senator had paid a little atten-
tion to the progress at this session of the appro-
priations which have been made for the public
service he would see no occasion to make that
remark. The appropriations for the public
defense, he knows, of course everybody con-
versant with the public service knows, are
necessarily expended on the exterior. The
ordinary annual appropriation for that is about
three million dollars, sometimes more. What
did the Representatives of the people who sent
this bill here do? The Representatives of the
people, who are supposed to represent the
interest which the honorable Senator says is
discriminated against here—what did they do?
They sent to the Senate that bill saying, " For
the public works we do nothing." Why'! The
exigencies of the country do not admit of it;
the finances of the country do not admit of it;
the credit of 'the country does not admit of it.
What did this branch say. who do not repre-
sent the people as the honorable Senator
thinks? They acquiesced. This branch of
the Government said, " ^ e recognize the fact
that we are now embarrassed by a great public
debt, by taxation, and by public burdens; we
know that fact, and we know that in a certain
other sense this nation is in the crisis of its
affairs, and therefore we submit to the wisdom
of the Representatives of the people, and we
say that this year is not the year to do anything
beyond"—what? Simply making repairs for
preservation ; do just enough to preserve, noth-
ing for improvement. That is what the Repre-
sentatives of the people said when this session
began. Your public works, of course, must be
i repaired and prevented from going to waste;
but beyond that the exigencies of the country
do not permit you to go. That is what they
said, and this branch of the Government
bowed in submission to that doctrine.
Now, was that sound? I think it was. I
think it was wise ; I think it was prudent; and
although in some sense I may be supposed to
have an interestin these public defenses I have
never murmured. There were only $200,000
appropriated there where it was customary to
appropriate $3,000,000. During the war it
was customary to do something more. But
upon the specific understanding that we were
to do nothing this year beyond the preservation
of the public works the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom that bill was sent, and to
whom this information was communicated,
said, " We acquiesce."
Now, sir, the river and harbor bill comes
here with an appropriation beyond anything
that has been done at any period in our history.
N ever before have we appropriated §7,000,000,
or anything like it, for this particular purpose.
I am not complaining of that. I am not saying
that all these enterprises are not worthy and
should not meet your approbation. Not a
bit of it, sir. Nor do the Committee on Com-
merce, as I understand, wish to be placed in
the position of being obnoxious to the imputa-
tion that they intend to give this the go-by;
but it is following out that line and that policy
which was inaugurated when the session began
that this year we should preserve our works;
but it was not the year to extend improvements.
That is all.
Now, sir, in harmony with that policy and
in harmony with that principle, the Committee
on Commerce propose an appropriation of
$1,000,000 for the preservation and for the
completion of certain public works; and I
accept the proposition, as far as I am con-
cerned. My own judgment is that a certain
class of these works of very great moment to
the sections in which they are—and they are
all on the lakes ; I do not know of a dollar of
this appropriation in which I have any special
interest—are in such a condition that a very
small amount will complete them, and itwould
be waste not to do it. Therefore I am per-
fectly willing that that completion should be
made, although it is a departure from the idea,
simply because I think it would be waste not
to do it. For that reason I am for it.
I submit to my honorable friend, remember-
ing that this is thelast of July, remembering that
the season for the expenditure of this money
is far advanced anyway, that we make the ap-
propriations now, if we make them at all, for
the current year ending June 30, 1869, which
extends into the next year as well as the con-
clusion of this, whether, in view of^what I
have said, in view of what has transpired, on
the whole he does not think it wise to leave
this discretion where it is, in the hands of the
Secretary, and with the understanding that we
do so much this year as the preservation of
these works requires, and postponing other
appropriations to another year, when we hope
to be surrounded by other circumstances when
we shall be more free to act than we are at the
present moment?
One word more on another point, and I am
done. My honorable friend says that it is not
in harmony with our usage to allow so much
discretion to be given to an officer. As a gen-
eral principle, I agree to that. I think that is
sound. If the sum is too large for his discre-
tion, very well; it can be limited. But, sir,
this is not new. Certainly within two or three
years, in 1865 or 1866, I am sure, we appro-
priated $600,000 in this way and left it to
the discretion of the Secretary of War. No
complaint ever came to my ears, certainly, that
the discretion was not soundly exercised. If
the honorable Senator will recollect that to
the War Department, the engineer depart-
ment, we are indebted for all the informs i
and all the statistics which enable us to vote
these appropriations here, lie will see a.. 11
that witL their reach they have the inform*
tioi. which will enable them to judge quite a*
