THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
la 1880, James H. Peek, judge of the United
Statesdistrictcourt ior Missouri, wasimpeached
by the House of Uejirtsentutives for imprison-
ing and suspending from. pi'actice an attorney
of his court.w The argument for the prose-
cation alluded to the proposition stated in
Chase's trial, "that a judge cannot be im-
peached for any offense which is not indict-
able;"! but the counsel for the accused repu-
diated any such doctrine as a ground of
defense.} .
Mr. Wirt did not hazard his reputation by
any such claim.[| Peck was not convicted.
The ease of West W. Humphreys, judge of
the United States district, court (or the district
of Tennessee, proceeded on the ground that
an officer was impeachable without having
committed a statutory or common-law
offense. 3
trial of Judge Cha«e, and from the votes of the Senate
on the articles of impeauhmenUigainst hun," was to
bold that a violation of the Constitution or law was
impeachable, "in opposition to the piinciple," <
* < * "that in order to render an offense im-
peachable it must be indictable."
•! The charge was that, as judge of the_district
court for Missouri, he on the 21st Apiil, 18-6,
imprisoned L. 13. Lawless an attorney, lor twenly-
four hours, and suspended him for eighteen months
from practicing law, for an alleged contempt ot court
in publishing a newspaper nitielc reviewing a pub-
lished decision of said judge; that said judge,
unmindful of the duties of his station, and that he
lield the same by the Constitution durum # good
bchttvior only, with intent wrongfully and unjustly
to oppress, imprison, and injuio -aid Lawless, Ac.
His answer conceded a liability to impeachment on
facts which would not be indictable.
f Peck's Trial, SOS, per Wickliffe.
t Mr. Meredith's propositions were (Peck's Trial,
327.) that the court had the power to punish con-
tempts: that the case of Lawless was a contempt
proper for its exercise; that the punishment was
proper ; and lastly, " that it the court had not the
power, or if, hiving it. the case was not a ease proper
for its application, still the act did not proceed from
the evil and malicious intention with which it is r
charged, and winch it is absolutely neccssary should I
have accompanied it to constitute the guilt of an
impeachable oftense.
Judge Peek, in the answer to his impeachment,
S'1'l'<"Xn tlio digested report of the committee of the
House ot Commons, which follows ttie report of the
arguments oi the managers who conducted that im-
peachment, (against Warren Hastings.) it will bo
seen too, that in the estimation ot that committee
the pioeeedings of courts of law furnish no rule
whatever tor the proceedings in an impeachment,
the latter being governed by no other law or custom
than the lex rt consurfwio parliamenti, which Icil the
House at perfect liberty to pur-ue the great ends ot
justice unti ammeled by any other luies than those
which reason and public utility pi escribe. (Peck s
Trial, 10; sec 2 Hale P. 0., chapter ^0, page loO;
6 Howell's StateTria 1?, 31 :>. old,3-rd. note : note to Loid
Caocl's case, -1 lleweli's State XriaK ll'.lX: Case of
Earl ot ban by, A. I). 1678; 11 Howell's bUte Inals,
650: 4 liatscl's Puc., 71.) I
11 He cites the opinion of Kent in a case in 5 Johns, I
T>ep., 2*Jl, which was a civil action against^Chancei- |
lor .Lansing ior punishing a contempt. Kent '-ass: |
" There must be the scienter or intentional violation ■
of the statute, and this can never be imputed to the ;
judicial piocccdings of acouit. It would be un mi- <
pcachable offense, which can never be averred or I
shown but under the process of impeachment. He ;
conceded that an intentional violation of ike lawn'os \
iinpcachab/e, and cited Ei>kine\s Speeches, vol. 1,374, 1
(New York ed., 1813.) to show that impeachment ,
should be used as an example 14 to corruption and j
willtul abuse of authority by extra legal pains. ;
And, referring to Hammond vs. lJoir>'l(, 1 Mod., 1M,
2 Id.. 218, and the remark that complaint should be ;
made to the king to secure the removal ot a judge ,
who had unlawfully imprisoned a juior tor eon tempt, ;
said that conrsc was proper "if the judge had acted
corrupt!},," ~ * ' "thatas, with a wicked
intention to oppress under color oi hw. u cck a
Trial, 493, 405.)
§ The charges were :
1. For advocating secession in a pablie speech at
Nashville, December 29, I860.
2. For openly supporting and advocating the len-
nessee ordinance of secession.
3. For aid in organizing armed rebellion.
4. For conspiring with Jefferson Davis and others
to oppose by force the authority of the Government
of the United States. .
5. For neglecting and refusing to hold the district
court of the United State?.
6. For acting as a confederate judge, and, as such,
sentencing men to be banished a.nd imprisoned aud
their propeity to bo confiscated for their loyalty,
" and especially of property of one Andiew John-
7. For the arrest and imprisonment of "one Wil-
liam G. tirownlow, exercising authority as judge oi
the district court of the confederate State?."
lie was convicted on all the articles severally by a
Supplement—4.
In fact the charge of advocating secession
was a crime of which half the leading politi-
cians of the south had been guilty for many
years. In the seven articles of impeachment
a<*ain&t him two maybe said to charge treason ;
and it may be claimed that one good article
will sustain a conviction, by way of analogy to
the doctrine that one good count in an indict-
ment, notwithstanding the presence of bad
ones, will.sustain a sentence. But even thisis
not law in England.* But there is no analogy.
The Senate, by a separate vote on each article,
speeilically passed on the sufficiency of each
article to "constitute an impeachable offense,
while a jury passes generally on all the counts
of an indictment. And it is to be observed
that the report of the Judiciary Committee
recommending impeachment did not charge
treason or other indictable crime, nor was
there evidence of any ;f and on the trial of
the case no doubt was expressed as to the
right to convict 011 each of the articles. Ihe
cases tried in the States fully sustain the same
view, both before and since the adoption uf
our national Constitution.:!;
Judge AddisonJI was impeached inPennsyl-
voteon end, except that part of article six. which
charges him wil h confiscating the property of Andrew
Johnson. (49 Globe, IHlU-oJ, pi. 4. p. 2950.)
* Iteiyina vs. O'Council, 11 CLark «Xr Fin., 15; 9 Jurist,
30; Wharton's Ciim. Law, sec. 3017.
f Rcpoit No. 41, 2d session 37th Oongreps, vol. 3 of
House Kepoi ts.
jOn the 12th July
supreme court of/'
vania in 180£ and his defense was that he had
committed no act indictable at comtnoff law";
but the Senate almost unanimously <Sonyi<&ed
him, utterly repudiating that as a defense." ;
In Massachusetts, * the rule is well-settled
in conformity with what seems to be the recog-
nized doctrine in the Senate ot the United
Stales. # _ !-
Among the cases tried with great lea'rmrtg
1788, three of the judges of the
. . nns\lv.mia niUvhed and lined
Oswald ten pounds and impiisoned him one month
for publishing a newspaper article ha\inj: a tendency
to prejudice the public with respect lo the menls of
a cause depending in court, ll Dallas, 31'JJ
On 5ih September, 17t>$, Oswald memoualized the
General Assembly to detciniino" whelher the juuge^
did not infiinge the Constitution m direct terms in
the sentence they had pronounced, and whether, oi
course, they had notmade themselves propei objects
of impeachment,." . XTri
The House, in Committee of the W holf\ heard I no
evidence. Mr. Lewis, a member, maintained mat
the only giounds oi impeachment woic bnbrrv, eor-
iuption, gioss impartiality, or willful orjubitwuy
oppression, none of which being appiovcd, the me-
morial ought to be dismissed.
All. Fmlcy, then a member, said: lhoughho
deemed it his duly to pronounce that the dou-ion
of the supreme court was a deviation trom the virit
and letter of the frame of government, yet he did not
moan to assort that any around had been shown 101
the impeachment of the judges; but, on the < outiary,
he agreed that bribery, corruption, or willful and
aibmary infraction of tho law wero the only hue
can.-es for instituting a prosecution of tnat nature.'
(See 1 Dallas, 33-3: Addison's Tnal, li'.U
The House resolved, by 31 to 1:3, that the chaises
of arbitrary and oppressive proceedings in the judecs
of the supreme court are unsupported b> the testi-
mony introduced, and, consequently,_ that thcie is
no inst ca.usc tor impeaching the ?aul iustice^ (See
the report of this ease in 1 Dallas, Jd cd., Plnia., 18JU,
P*On^tliJ"trial of Chuse Mr. Rodney, refcriins to
this ea^e, paid : " Three of the judges of the supieinc
court were accused of fining and lmpri^oninc, with-
out the inteivention ot a jury, a iellow-ctuzen ioi
publishing a paper which t'ney considered as aeon-
tempt of coiut. The judges were defended bv two
most able and eloquent counsel,who con tend en inat
■ the constiuition, the laws, and the practice oih nn-
i sylvanta. by adopting the eommon-law docti mes on
i the subject, justified tho proceeding, and that it there
j was no law to justify it their conduct flowed from an
honest error in judgment. But, sir, they did not at-
i tempt to maintain the position contended ior on tins
occasion, that to support an impeachment ine con-
duit of a judge must he such as to subject him to an
indictment." (See 2 Chase s Trial,
I! impeachment of Alexander Addhon,^president,
judge ot the courts of common pleas of \7cstmore-
Iaii(l and other counties, 18<>2-U, convicted ot 1. Di-
recting a. jury that the address of an associate judge
to them "hail nothingto do withtho/inc-tion befoie
tiiem;'' and 2. Preventing an associate judge from
addressing the grandjurv concerning their duties, by
Hill, u,y imHiiw  'w«i v-v...,   
Mr. McKean, one otthe managers, in opening the
trial, said: "Offences under color of office"
"have always been considered as
the most proper, and of course the usual, ground of
impeachment. They are -siicli the ordinary magis-
trates cannot or dare not punish." * * ■
" It often happens that ofiiceis may"and do abuse
their power to the injury ot the Commonwealth, ami
at the same time in such a manner as not to render
their conduct congnizablc before the ordinary tri-
bunals of justice, so as to. procecd by indictment or
information." (Sec Addison s Trial. 31.) ^
In Ponnss Ivania the courts entertain jurisdiction
of common-law crimes. The attorney general filed
a motion for a rule against Addison, to show cau§c
in the supreme court why an information should not
be filed against him. The court held that it waa t«e
right of the associate judge to address the grand Jury;
but the court, per Chief Justice Shippen, said: * lac
affidavit does not state malice. Xt would seem to m
a mistake of light. Unless acrimeU stated theeourfc
cannot take cognizance. There may be another rem-
edv.Lbv impeachment.j It docs not lie with u3 lo sny
what that is. The proceeding was arbitrary* unbe-
coming, unhandsome, ungentlemanly, unmanncily.
and improper: but there not beingan imputation ot
willful misbehavior and malice, it is not indictable or
the subject of an information." (Triab 70.)_
Judge Addison, in hisde'ense.said: iNo impeach-
ment will lie but for a misdemeanor m omce, and
every misdemeanor in ofii m is indictable; t:i  oin-
cer impeached still remains liable to indictment;
trial, judgment, and punishment according to law.
An impeachment lies only where an indictment ties.
No officer can be convicted on an impeachment who
ought not to be eonvic'ted on an indictment; and the
punishment on impeachment is cumulative not ex-
clusive. The acts for which an officer maybe im-
peached are precisely those for which he may pq. in-
dicted as an ofliccr; misdemeanors in office, oitenscs?
or unlawful acts done with an evil intention m ins
official capacity." (Trial, 101.)
"A mere unlawful act from a mistake or error in
judgment cannot be alleged as a [impeachable]
crime. Not only wrong, but willful wrony:, must oe
m.ulo out, or theoironso is not complete. (Page |j.bJ
"Though a judge acts unlawfully and uncon^lUu-
tion.illy he cannot be convicted on an impeachment
unless he has acted willfully &o." (Page, 129; see 1
Diillas, ^>5.) . ,
33ut this position was denied, and Acidison was
found guilty by a vote of 20 to 4. (See thia ca&o re-
ferred. to; Chase's Trial, 3DG.)
* The Macsa<diusetts cases arc—
1. Impraomnunt of William Oreenloaf stiorlff of
Woree-srer county, jlS<S. Convicted—(U Ot deunn-
ingfor his private use public moneys, when tno v^m-
nnmwcalth has a rigiit tnereto; (-,) oi cxhioitmg
diohuncst accounts ot taxes collected; (3,) ofd->ani-
mg ioi two j eais public moneys hom town ot 1 etcr-
shaui: (4,) of piocurmg from the ti easurer ot Com-
monwealth an cxecuriuii for money pievioub.y eol-
leeti'd by him; (5j of false returns on executions; (0,)
ol procuring a wanant of distress ior money pie-
viously paid him.
2 Impeachment of William Ilunt, a justice of tho
peace of \Vaiertown, 1701. Convicted ot entering on
his docket, on the trial day of causes, thepeiaon.il
appearance of piainl.i&s who wcie abseut, tnou-jii
detcnd.ints demanded their appearance, iheheii-
ato tound Hunt guilty, but suspended judgment tor
a year.
a. Impeachment of John Vinal, a justice of the
peace of SuUollicounty, 1800. Convictedot extortion
. and bribery.
! 4. Impeachment of Moses Copeland, a justice of
I the peace ior Lincoln county, lS07and Wo'6. Acquitted
i on charges; fh&t, that he bought a note indorsed in
| blank, and cnleriaincdsuit in name of  Samuciii.ings-
1 buiy, and rendered judgment, though m tact the note
i was CopclondV; sf cond, tor delaulting a- detoudunt,
1 and entering judgment beioie the hour set for trial;
| thud, bitbeiy. .
' lmpcaeinnent of James rrescott, judge of pro-
I bate for Middlesex, 1S21. Convicted of exacting ifle-
i yal fee^.andor inserting by interlineation in a^'uard-
1 ian'b account, previously sworii to, an item uue to
j and paid to himself, and then ot settling the account
! as judge.
I See "Prcpcott's Trial, by Pickcring and Gardner.
! Boston, 1821." in the appendix is an abstract ot the
! preceding impeachments. On the trial ot Pmeott,
i it was said by Mr. Blake, urutuado, that " within the
I compass ot forty long years thiee or four soiitaiy ln-
; statues ot trial by impeachment have occuiicd m
! this Commonwealth. Of theso, two, 1 belkye, t three, I
! resulud in conviction; and 1 IVel myself justiiied mi
;j stating that in neithcrof theinstances alluded to h-jis
i| theieany point ot constitutional la.w involved m the
I; imiuiry."
si This case was conducted with great ability.
II And see report of the trial and acquittal of bd-
ward iShippcn, ehict justice of X'eun-iyJvama _an«t
otheis, before tho Senate of that iState in lbo->, by
"NVm. Hamilton. . . .
Trial ot (.Tcorge W. Smith, county judge ot Oneida
county, belore the Senate of Xevr iork, (>
Trial of impeachment of Levi Hubbeli, judge oi
the second circuit, by the Senate ot Wisconsin. J uue,
account of the impeachment and trial of the
late Francis llopkinson, Ksq., judge ot the court of
admiralty for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;
piinted by Francis Bailey, Philadelphia, 1/Ui.
He was tried and acquitted m November and De-
cember, 1780. , . . n,
The same volume contains An account or tne
Impeachment, tnal, and acquittal of John Nicholson*
Esq., comptroller general of Pennsylvania."
He was acquitted April 7,1794.
