4156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
easily as the Congress of the United States
could do.
Mr. HARLAN. It is due to the Senator
that I should answer his question. He asked
me if I thought it would not on the whole be
•svise to adopt this amendment, and let the river
and harbor bill for the present have the go-by.
I do not think so. Nor do I agree with him
that we are indebted exclusively to the inform-
ation that may be derived from the engineers
of the Army in relation to the propriety of
making appropriations for the improvement of
harbors and rivers. The members of the other
branch of Congress, to say the least, know
more on that subject than the engineers of the
Army possibly can know.
On the other point, that it will be safe prob-
ably to intrust large sums of money to the
head of the Department, I have this to say:
that from my personal knowledge of the present
incumbent I nave no doubt that he would ap-
propriate money as wisely and as judiciously
as perhaps any other person would similarly
situated. But I may say, also, that if it were
always true that the wisest and the best man
could be selected for an autocrat, it is probable
tlmt an absolute monarchical government
would be the best for the people that could be
instituted; but it is because we cannot always
be sure that the wisest and best men of the
nation can be thus selected that we prefer a
Republic. We prefer to endure the losses
that may grow out of the blunders of the peo-
ple for the sake of the security in the event of
the selection of a bad man to rule over the
nation. And so in relation to the head of the
War Department. Although there is at this
moment at the head of that Department a man
of great learning and discretion, a man who
may with great safety be trusted, with a large
degree of discretion, the Senate has no assur-
ance that be will remain in tbe office one day
alter the adjournment of the two Houses of
Congress.
Nor do I think that I was sufficiently an-
swered by the Senator when he informed the
Senate that both branches of Congress had
agreed to suspend the work on fortifications.
Why, sir, that is the most natural thing to be
done at the closc of a war. Why should we
proceed in the erection of forts?
Mr. MORRILL. They are simply the ap-
propriations necessary for their continuance.
No new works are proposed, of course.
Mr. HARLAN. He tells us that both
branches of Congress have concurred in the
policy of limiting appropriations for the forti-
fications to that amount which will be barely
sufficient to preserve them and keep them in
repair during the present year. Well, sir,
while that is true, both branches of Congress
have not agreed that those improvements per-
taining to the civil and industrial pursuits of
human life shall be suspended. The Repre-
sentatives of the people in the other branch of
Congress say that the appropriations that per-
tain to war may be limited to that small amount
necessary to preserve the works, but that which
is necessary to develop the industrial resources
of the country shall rather be expanded than
diminished. On both of these points I agree
in the wisdom of the immediate representa-
tives of the people, that while it is proper not
to expend money in the erection of new forts,
or even in completing those begun beyond that
amount which is merely necessary to preserve
them, it does not by any means follow that it
is not important to improve a river, the great
artery of internal commerce, on which is borne
more of the commerce of the world, in value
and in tonnage, than is enumerated in the
reports of the external commerce of the coun-
try. Why, sir, the commerce of the Mississippi
river alone far exceeds the total external com-
merce of this nation; and the same is true of
the great lakes. I am not willing to put all
these vast internal interests into the hands of
any head of a Department, nor am I willing to
postpone for a year the appropriations which
are necessary for their development.
Mr. FOWLER. I have a single remark to
make on this subject. It strikes me that this
appropriation of $1,000,000 to be expended
by the Secretary of War as he may think
proper in repairing and completing certain
public works is a most extraordinary one, in-
deed. Indeed I think it far more extravagant
than is the appropriation bill of the House of
Representatives for the improvement of rivers
and harbors. By that bill certain groat indus-
trial pursuits are intended to be developed and
the people's representatives have defined how
much money shall be appropriated for that pur-
pose. This amendment proposes to defeat that,
to postpone it for years to come; indeed to
abandon to some extent the whole system of
improvement of rivers and harbors, and to
appropriate $1,000,000—one sixth of the whole
sum contained in the House proposition—to
bo expended by the Secretary of War as he
may deem proper, to be thrown away upon
one, two, or three public works, as he may
think best, or as those who have the greatest
influence over him may induce him to do.
I was very much interested, and our people
are very much interested, in the bill that came
to us from the House of Representatives, in-
asmuch as a small sum is appropriated in that
bill for the improvement of the Tennessee
river. It is true that the Tennessee river has
attracted but little attention and is but little
known in the nation, and yet in extent it is a
greater river than the Ohio. It has at least
two thousand miles of navigable waters, nav-
igable during the entire year and for the whole
length with the single exception of the Muscle
shoals. Several great States lie upon it and
furnish a vast amount of commerce for the
country. If this single improvement were
made it would unlock a vast region of country
and enable the people there to throw their
products into the channels of commerce, which
is now entirely prevented. For instance, east-
ern Tennessee, western North Carolina, north-
ern Georgia, and a portion of northern Ala-
bama, have but little access to commerce from
the fact that no navigable stream reaches
them except the Tennessee river, and that is
so thoroughly impeded as to prevent constant
commerce. A very small amount appropri-
ated to this work would enable tliem to pass
entirely around those obstructions. Some
years ago the State of Alabama expended
some three million dollars endeavoring to open
up this obstruction, but their appropriations
failed and the work was left unfinished. It is
in a very fine state of preservation, and a small
amount of money now appropriated would en-
able the people of that section of the country
to reap the advantages of the money expended
at that time; but of course it will be defeated
by the operation of this amendment. Mil-
lions may be expended upon works that have
already been commenced, and by the time
that section of the country receives the amount
of money that, will lie necessary for them to
complete the works they have commenced, the
whole system will be abandoned. This, to my
mind, is nothing but the commencement of that
course of proceeding.
Mr. CHANDLER. My friend from Iowa
still persists in the assertion that this proposi-
tion postpones the regular appropriation bill
for a year. It does nothing of the kind. As
the Senator from Maine has remarked, appro-
priations are usually intended for the succeed-
ing year. Some of these works have money
enough already appropriated to carry them
through to the close of navigation, and the
Secretary of War assured me that with this
$1,000,000 he could carry them all over to the
close of navigation. If we take up the river
and harbor bill, as it is the intention of the
committee to do in December, we can make
the appropriations in season for the coming
year.
It is well known to every person who is
accustomed to Government contracts that it is
utterly impossible to commence a reasonable
amount of these new works this year if we
should make the appropriation. They cannot
begin them. Before all the machinery of red
tape, such as advertising for sealed proposals,
opening the proposals, awarding and making
the contracts can be gone through with, navi-
gation will be closed, and nothing can be done
until nextyear. This amendment simply post-
pones the matter for four months, nothing more
and nothing less. Congress has reduced taxes
over one hundred million dollars; there is a
great cry for economy; and the committee,
after some five or six extra sessions, after
spending hours upon it, finally came to the
conclusion, upon consultation with the Secre-
tary of War and the chief engineer, to adopt
this proposition to vote $1,000,000 and then
take up the measure at an early hour in the
December session.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am sorry
that the Committee on Commerce have come
to the conclusion they have. I am sorry they
did not conclude to report a bill making appro-
priations- for the specific works which they
think ought to be prosecuted; at least making
specific appropriations for those works which
are already under way, to which the Govern-
ment has already dedicated the public funds.
I am very sorry to see any step taken which
looks even like an abandonment of anything
to which the Government has already put its
hand. I accept readily, with entire confidence,
the declaration which the honorable Senator
from Michigan makes here, that this is only a
partial abandonment; it is not real; that it is
the postponement of something rather than a
desertion of anything which is really desirable
to us. But 1 think it would have been better,
I think it would have been wiser and more
satisfactory to the people, if the committee had
said to them frankly, " We cannot give you all
the money you ask; we cannot give you all the
money which is proposed in the bill which was
sent to us from the House of Representatives;
we think this is not a year in which we can
commence new enterprises, new works of im-
provement; but it is a year in which we can
stand by everything which we have already
commenced, and in which we can prosecute
those enterprises, and therefore we appropriate
so much money as we think is necessary to
carry on these specific works." I should have
been better satisfied, and I believe the public
would havo been better satisfied with a bill of
that description.
But, accepting the assurance made here that
it is not the purpose of the committee, and is
not supposed to be the purpose of the War
Office, to abandon anything already under way,
I have still two criticisms to make upon this
proposition. The first is that it seems to me
a little extraordinary that this appropriation,
all of which is to be expended in the year end-
ing June 30, 1869, should be moved upon a
bill which makes appropriations for the year
al ready past; that it is offered upon a deficiency
bill instead of a bill making appropriations for
the coming year. I suppose if the money is
appropriated, unless they are prohibited from
carrying it forward into next year's expendi-
tures, they can do so, and probably will do so ;
still 1 think it is an unfortunate place to tack
on an appropriation for a measure of this kind.
The next criticism 1 have to make seems to
me of more importance. I think the sum is
decidedly too small. This is to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War.
1 he Secretary of War, I suppose, will be ad-
vis. nl reference to these expenditures by the
chief of the engineer department, and I sup-
pose the chief of the engineer department must
be controlled by some idea. He has taken
notes of these words; he has reports in refer-
ence to them; he has plans in reference to
each one of them ; estimates have been made;
, ana the estimates upon which the House of
| Representatives made its appropriations came
trom that department. It was said here iust
now by the Senator from Maine that they sent
us-n- appropriating between six and seven
million dollars. Whether that was all called
toi by tiie cnief of the department of engineers
I do not know.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That includes,
