2108
OOISTG-RESSIOISrAL GLOME.
MarcM'Si,
portation; and n-ojslaim fox sueh aifowaarcB en any
such artiolo shall be paid unless presented .to the
Commissioner of' Internal Revenue prior to the 1st
day of August, 1868.
Th:e amendment of the committee was agreed
to j and the Senate amendment, as amended,
was concurred im
The fotirth amendment of the Senate was
read, ks follows:
Sec. 4. And be it.further enacted. That every per-
son, firm, or corporation who shall msnafaistai-o by
nana or machinery any goods, wares, or merchan-
i!s<nni? otherwise specifically taxed- as such, or who
snail be engaged in the manufacture or preparation
tor sale of any articles or compounds not otherwise
specifically taxed, or shall put up for sale in pack-
ages with his own name or trade mark thereoji any
artiolesor compound not other'wisespecifically taxed,
and.whoso annual sales exceed $10,000, shall pay for
every additional SI,000 in excess of $10,000, two dol-
wfjiSPV'i? amount of sales within the year beyond
810,000 shall be returned monthly to the assistant
assessor, and the tax on sales in excess of §10,000 shall
be assessed by the assessor and bo paid monthly as
other Monthly taxes are assessed and paid.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment with
two amendments, the first of which was then
read, as follows:
Strikeout all after the word "corporation," in line
two of said amendment, and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
Whose manufactures pf any kind, or articles pro-
duced by them, are exempted from taxation by the
provisions of this act, and wliosoaunual sales exceed
65,000, shall pay, for every additional $1,000 in excess
of 85,000 two do Hare; and theamountofsaleswithin
the year inexcess of £5,000sha] 1 be returned monthly
to the assistant assessor, and the tax on sales in ex-
cess of #5,000 shall be assessed by the assessor, and
paid monthly as other monthly taxes are assessed and
paid. And the assessment fur the month of April,
A. 1). 186s, shall be made on the oxeess of salesabove
the rate of $5,000 I)er annum; and thereafter the an-
nual peiiod for tho assessment of such tax shall
commence on the 1st of May in oach year.
The question was taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was agreed to—ayes
seventy-one, noes not counted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment to the amend-
ment was adopted; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARD. Would it be in order to ask
the special attention of the House to the next
amendment reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
the special attention of the House is given to
all amendments.
Mr. WARD. It is a very extraordinary
amendment.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The second amendment reported by tho Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to the fourth amend-
ment of the Senate was to insert the following
as an additional section :
Sec.—. Andbe it further enacted, That every per-
son who shall engage in or carry on the business ol a
distiller with intent to defraud the United States of
the tax on the spirits distilled by him, or any part
thereof,shall forieit thedistillery anddistillingappa-
ratus used by him and all distilled spirits and allraw
materials for the production of distilled spirits found
in the distillery and on thedistillery premises, and
shall, on conviction, be fined not less than $500 nor
more than $5,000, and be imprisoned not less than
six months nor more than three years. It any dis-
tiller shall carry on such business in any district,
city, town, township, or parish for a period of twenty
days, during which the market value, in such dis-
trict, city, town, township, or parish, of the kind of
spirits produced by him, is less by more than ten per
cent, than the tax and the cost of producing said
spirits, it shall bo prima facie evidence that the busi-
ness is being carried on with intent to defraud the
"United States. And if it shall at. any time come to
the knowledge of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue that distilled spirits are selling directly or
indirectly, in anyeolleetiondistrict, at a market price
less than the tax on such spirits, he shall forthwith
institute a strict examination into the business and
conduct of all the revenue officers, both in the dis-
trict in whieh such sales are being made and in the
district in which sueh spirits have been manufac-
tured- and the fact of the selling below the amount
of the tax shall be held to be prima facie evidence
that the collectors and assessors of tho districts in
whieh said spirits were produced and were sold have
severally neglected their duties; and sueh collectors
and assessors shall thereupon be suspended from
otfice, and the powers and duties of their several
offices shall devolve upon such subordinate ofheers as
are now designated bylaw, of which suspension notice
shall be immediately given to said collectors and
a,-M ssors by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
and all pay and compensation shall be withheld from
them until they shall respectively show to the satis-
faction of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
either that on the spirits so sold for less than the tax
thereon tho tax has been regularly paid, or that if
the tax has not been paid the failure to pay has not
been on account of negligence or want of duo dili-
gence on the part of the officers so suspended.
Mr.ROSS. I would inquire if that amend-
ment is open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. MUNGEN. I would like to make a
suggestion to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means. *
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it not in order to
ask unanimous consent that thirty minutes be
allowed for the discussion of this particular
section ?
The SPEAKER. That is in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I make that sug-
gestion.
Mr. PRICE. I object.
The question was put on agreeing to the
amendment to the amendment; and there were
—ayes 54, noes 57.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 57, not voting
50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Del os K.Ashley, James M.Ashley, Baldwin, Beatty,
Benjamin, Benton, Blaine, Boutwell, Brooinall,
Ituckland, Cake, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Coburn, Cook, Covodc, Cullom. Dawos, Dixon,
Podge, Eckley, Eggleston, Klior, Ferriss, Ferry, Gar-
field, Gravely, Griswold, Iloopcr, Hopkins, Chester
D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, .1 luld, lielley, Kelscy,
Ketcham, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrcncc, LouKhridge, Mallory, Maynord, Mc-
(Jlurg, Mereur. Moore, Moorhend, Morrell, Mullins,
Myers, Noweomb. O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Plants, Polsley, Price, ltaum, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scoliold, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Aaron
F. Stevens, Taffe, Taylor. Thomas, Twichcll, Robert
T. Van llorn, Cadwaliler C. Washburn, Elihu 11
Wasliburne, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams,Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—S2.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Bailey,
Baker, Banks, Beaman, ^ Beck, Brcmwell, Burr,
Chanler, Churchill, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fields,
Fox, Gctz, Glossbrcnncr, Golladay, Grover, Ilalsoy,
Hawkins, Higby, Hill, llolman, llotchkiss, Asahcl
W. Hubbaid, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Hunter, Jenckes, Johnson, Julian, Kerr, Knott,
Koont/., Lincoln, Marshall, McCormick, Miller,
Mungen, Niblack, Pomcroy, Pruyn, Randall, Ross,
Sitgreavcs, Stone, Tabor, Lawrence S. Trimble, Up-
son, Van Aukcn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward,
Wood, and Woodward—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnes, Barnum, Bing-
ham, Blair, JSover, Brooks, Butler, Gary. Cobb,
Cornell, Donnelly, Driggs, Ela, Finney, Haight,
Harding, Humphrey, Jones, Kitchen, Loan, Logan,
Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, McCullough, Morgan,
Morrissey, Nicholson. Nunn, 1'eteis, Phelps, Pike,
Pile, Poland, Robinson, Selye, Shellabarger, Stark-
weather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, John
Trimhlo, Trowbridge, Van Aernam,Burt Van Horn,
Henry D. Washburn, William Williams, James F'.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Wmdom—50.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by whieh the amendment of the Senate
was concurred in as amended ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, to add to the
title the words " and for other purposes," was
then concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment to the title was
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message fuo.m the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendment of the House to the
bill (S. No. 108) for the relief of Henry Great-
house and Samuel Kelly.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF STATU DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a reportand accompanying
documents from the State -Department, in an-
swer to a resolution of the House of the 18th
ultimo, relating to the unexpended money ap-
propriated by law for the Contingent expenses
of foreign intercourse.
Mr. BANKS moved that the message and
accompanying documents be referred! to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, 'and ordered to
be printed.
The motion Was agreed to.
AMERICAN CITIZENS IS PRUSSIA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting, in answer to a resolution
of the House of the 9th instant, a report from
the Secretary of State in relation to negotia-
tions with the German States concerning the
rights of naturalized American citizens, &c.;
whieh was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
LEGAL EXPENSES OF STATE DEPARTMENT, ETC.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting, in compliance with a res-
olution of the House of the 11th ultimo, a
report and accompanying documents from the
State Department, relating to the amounts paid
by the State Department for legal expenses
since 18G0.
Mr. JENCKES moved that the message and
accompanying documents be referred to the
Committee on Retrenchment, and ordered to
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
SECURITIES OK NATIONAL BANKS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of the House of the 12th instant, a
report of the Treasurer of the United States,
relative to national banks having changed
their securities held in the Treasury.
Mr. RANDALL moved that the communi-
cation and accompanying report be referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
san juan island, etc.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a communication from Major
General Halleck, relative to the occupancy of
San Juan Island, number of troops, &c.; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
HARBOR AND RIVER IMPROVEMENTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the House of the 18th instant, a communi-
cation from the chief of engineers, containing
revised and reduced estimates of appropriations
required for harbor and river improvements for
the year ending June 30, 1809.
Mr. ELIOT moved that the same be referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a communication from Lieutenant
General Sherman, inclosing one from the pres-
ident ol the^ Union Pacific railroad, eastern
division, asking aid of Congress in extending
that road to Fort Lyon.
Mr. WASHBU'RNE, of Illinois, moved that
the same be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC MILITARY POSTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
in reply to a resolution of the House of the
10th instant, Relative to the number of soldiers
