1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEk
1085
man, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W.Hubbard, Hunter,
Ingersoll. Judd, Julian."William Lawrence, Loan,
Logan, Loughridge, Mallory, Marshal!, McClurg,
McCormick, miller, Mungen, Neweomb, Nunn, Orth,
Paine, Pile, Poland, Price, Raum, Ross, Sawyer,
Shanks, Smith. Taffe, Lawrence S. Trimble, Upson,
Robert T. Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Klihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, Jaines F. Wil-
son, Windom, and Woodbridge—77. . ' .
NAYS—Messrs; Adams, Archer,.Bailey, Baldwin,
Barnes, Beaman, Beck, Benton, Bingham, Blaine,
Boutwell, Boyer, Brooks. Broomall, Cake, Churchill,
Cornell.Covode, Dawes, Ela« Eldridge, Eliot, Ferriss,
Fields, Fox, Garfield. Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay,
Haight.Halsey, Hill, Ilotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard,
Richard I). Hubbard, Ilulburd, Humphrey, Jenckes,
Johnson, JoAes, Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr, Ketcham,
Kitchen, Kooutz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Lynch, Marvin, Maynard, McCullough, Mercur,
Moore, Moorhead, Morgan, Morrcll, Mullins, Myers,
Niblaek, Nicholson, O'Neill, 'Perham, Petefrs, Phelps,
Pike, .Plants, Polsley, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson,
Schenck, Scofield. Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stewart, Stokes, Stone. Taylor, Thomas, John Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, Twichell, VanAernam, Van Auken,
Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Ward, William B.
Washburn, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Wood, and Woodward—97. ^ .
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks. Barnum, Blair,
Dixon, Finney. Griswold, Knott, McCarthy, M orris-
sey, Pomeroy, Robertson, Selye, Shellabarger, xaber,
and Van Wyck—15.
So the resolution was not adopted.
drawing foll seats.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired ; and, according to order, the House
will now proceed to carry out the resolution
providing for the drawing for seats.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to submit the same
motion that was made when we drew for seats
at the beginning of this Congress—that the
venerable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Thomas,] and the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburne,] the oldest in continuous service
of the members of the House, be allowed to
retain the seats they now occupy.
The SPEAKER. To entertain that motion
requires unanimous consent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object, unless the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] be in-
cluded in the exception. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. 1 move to suspend the rules
to allow me to make the motion I have indi-
cated.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. If there is no further
objection the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will be enter-
tained.
There was no objection.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to move as an
amendment to the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts that members above sixty
years of age shall have a preference in the
choice of seats. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I cannot accept that amend-
ment. I call the previous question.
Mr. BOYER. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to inquire of the Chair whether it would
be in order at this time to move to postpone the
drawing for seats till a future day.
The SPEAKER. It would be but for the
fact that another motion is now before the
House.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Dawes was
agreed to ; there being—ayes one hundred and
sixteen, noes not counted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Speaker, would it now
be in order to offer a resolution to postpone
the drawing for seats till a future day /
The SPEAKER. The hour having arrived
for the execution of the special order, which is
the drawing for seats, a motion to postpone
would be in order.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to offer the follow-
ing resolution :
Resolved, That, in order that equal and exact jus-
tice mav bedone to all whom it may concern, lnclud-
iSf thosemembers of the House ot Representatives
who arc absent and have not had notice of tHe pro-
posed drawing fo* seats this day, thedrawmgforseats
shall be postponed until Monday, the 24th,instant,
immediately after the morning hour.
Mr. FARNS WORTH and others objected.
Mr. BOYER. I move to suspend the rules
to allow the introduction of the resolution.
The motion to suspend the rules was not
agreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution, which I think
will greatly facilitate the drawing for seats :
Resolved, That no member who was present at the
first drawing for seats in the House during the pres-
ent Congress, and who has expressed dissatisfaction
with the seat he chose, shall have his name placed in
the present drawing, but such members shall retain
the seats thus chosen by them.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. TWICHELL. My colleague, Mr. Bams,
is detained at his home by sickness. I ask
unanimous consent that he be allowed to retain
his present seat.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object.
Mr. UPSON. I suppose the gentleman [Mr.
Twichell] will have the right to draw a seat
for his colleague when the name of the latter
is called.
The SPEAKER. He will.
jforeign commercial relations.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of State,
transmitting, in compliance with the acts of
August 16, 1842, and August 18, 1856, reports
on the commercial relations of the United
States with foreign nations for the year ending
September 30, 1807 ; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
five hundred extra copies be printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion will go to
the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Assistant Secretary
of State, asking for additional copies of the re-
port on the commercial relations of the United
States for the use of the Department of State ;
which was ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
number of vessels in tiie navy, etc.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, answering House resolution of the 27th
ultimo, relative to the number of vessels in the
Navy January 1, 1861, number of oflicers, ex-
penses of the Navy, Sc.; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
suffering poor 01? the south.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
an extractTrom the proceedings of the consti-
tutional convention of Mississippi, relative to
a portion of the cotton tox being applied to
the relief of the suffering poor; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
loan to southern planters.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a preamble and resolutions ot the constitu-
tional convention of Georgia, asking, in behalf
of southern planters, a loan of $30,000,000
from the United States Government; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
capital buildings in new mexico.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the Territorial Legislature of
New Mexico, on the subject of capital build-
ings; which was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on the .Territories.
veto power.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the Territorial Legislature of
New Mexico, on the veto power of the Gov-
ernor; which was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on the Territories.
• drawing PGR seats—again.-
Mr. BROOMALL, .1 ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the.following resolution: ,
Resolved, That the drawing forseats-of members
under the resolution passed on Friday last be post-
poned until after the admission of the- Represent-
atives from Alabama. . - • :
Mr.-MuLLiNS and Mr. Farnsworth objected."
Mr. BROOMALL. ■ I move to suspend the
rules.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 74,
noes 78.
The SPEAKER. By the order of the House
the drawing takes place in accordance with the
usual practice, which is, for all members to
retire beyond the back row of seats.
The members accordingly retired beyond
the outer row of seats.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I rise to a privileged;
question. It has been suggested to me by some
gentlemen who occupy seats on the outside of
the ring that the box should be well shaken
before drawing. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will execute
that request. The Chair will state that by the
usual rule when the names are called members'
must come forward and occupy the seats that
they select until the close of the drawing.
Those who in consequence of sickness are
allowed to draw by proxy will require* one of
the pages to occupy the seat chosen for the
absent member so that there will be no danger
of its being taken by any other member. Any
member who leaves the seat drawn by himself
before the drawing is concluded forfeits Ms
right to the same.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I rise to a privileged
question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a question of
order. No person is allowed by the rule to
speak except from his seat. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I desire seriously to
know if there are no names in the box except
those of " useful members," to use the expres-
sion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley.]
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will commence
the drawing.
The drawing was then conducted in accord-
ance with the order of the House, and was
concluded at five minutes after two o'clock.
rock island bridge.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution in
regard to the Rock island bridge, for consider-
ation at this time.
The joint resolution was read. The first
section provides that the act of Congress1' mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30,1808, and for other
purposes,'' approved March 2,1867, be, and the
same is, so amended as to authorize and direct
the Secretary of War to order the commence-
ment of work on the bridge over the Missis-
sippi river at Rock island; provided, that the
ownership of said bridge shall be and remain
in the United States, and the Rock Island and
Pacific Railroad Company shall have the right
of way over said bridge for all purposes of
transit across the island and river, upon con-
dition that the said railroad company shall
pay to the United States, first, half of the cost
of the superstructure of the bridge over the
main channel, and half the cost of keeping the
same in repair, and shall also build at its own
cost the bridge over that part of the river which
is on the east side of the island of Rock island,
and also the railroad on and across said island
of Rock island; and upon a full compliance
with these conditions said railroad company
shall have the use of said bridge for the pur-
poses of free transit, but without any claim to
the ownership thereof; and said railroad com-
pany shall, within six months after said new
bridge is ready for use, remove their old bridge
from the river, and their railroad track fi om its
present location on the island of Rock island;
and provided further, that the Government
may permit any road or roads wishing to cross
