1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
as I understand, about two and a half millions
outside for a particular work.
Mr. HOWE. Over and above the estimates?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes; outside
ot any estimates.
_Mr. HOWE. Then it would seem that tlio
bill wliich came from the House appropriated
even more, and millions more, than the chief
of engineers contemplated. Then his own esti-
mates would stand at somethinglike §4,000,000.
This is a proposition to appropriate but twenty-
five per cent, of his estimates. Now, Mr. Pres-
ident, when a man undertakes to tell you he
can cut you a coat out of two yards of cloth,
he hag an idea of what kind of a coat that will
produce; but if you tell him to make that coat
out of a yard and a half, you must not be sur-
prised if you get a garment that does not fit
you, that does not suit you at all. The chief
of engineers may know, and doubtless does,
how he can go to work with an appropriation
of $4,000,000, and do work positively advan-
tageous to the country; work which will not
impoverish it, but make it rich.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will allow me, in reference to his illustration,
if he desired a full suit, and-the tailor should
say, "I can make you pants and a vest, but
the coat you had better forego for a little while,''
that would be this case.
Mr. HOWE. That amendment is ingenious,
but I cannot accept it, because it does not fit
my idea. 1 insist upon the idea, and I think
the committee have recognized it, thattheengi-
neer is going to give us a full suit.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In time.
Mr, HOWE. In time ; but that he is going
along with the full suit; that he is not going
to turn us off with coat and vest this year, and
make us go without pantaloons until the next.
That is not the schedule that is submitted to
us by the chairman of both these committees.
I do not think that is the idea upon which the
War Department would act. I think they will
desire to go on, in the language of this amend-
ment, to repair and to preserve and to com-
plete the works already under way, the full
gui t.
Now, Mr. President, I think when you give
to a man but a single million to go on with a
work for which he asks $4,000,000, he must
work awkwardly and he must work to great
disadvantage. If you give him a million and
a half or two million dollars, and 1 think
$2,000,000 will be little enough to appropriate,
that would carry him along through the recess
of Congress, and carry him along without
staggering. I appeal to the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, and I would
appeal to the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce if he was within reach, if an addi-
tion to this million at least of half a million
cannot be voted. Indeed, to try the sense of
the Senate, 1 shall propose to raise this sum
halfa million, so as to make it a million and a
half of dollars.
I will agree to everything that is said about
the necessity of economy. I will second every
wise effort at economy that I notice, let it come
from what quarter it may ; but I submit most
respectfully that this is a very unfortunate point
at which to commence the work of retrench-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Being out West.
Mr. HOWE. The honorable Senator from
Maine says "Being out West;" andl repeat it
to the Senate. "Being out West," 1 am natu-
rally, constitutionally, I suppose locally, in-
clined to regard it so. Why so, more than if
I lived in the East ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because I notice that
for everything eastern the Senator finds almost
invariably that the appropriation is too much,
either in whole or in part.
Mr. HO WE. Such an indictment as that I
do not think is good against a general de-
murrer ; but I do not demur to it. I plead the
general issue. I call upon him to specify the
instance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can do so.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; you cannot.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are the marine
hospitals; you proposed to strike all those out.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the Senator
from Maine, one of the oldest Senators on this
floor, tauntsmewith opposing marine hospitals
because they are an eastern institution. Out
West we have two to your one. I want to strike
them all out, because they are not necessary
for the public service, and the Senator knows
it, and the Senate knows it. They are just as
little needed in the West as in the East. They
arenot needed for the public service any where.
I tell the Senator again, he cannot, with time
nor with study, pomt his finger to a single
expenditure that I have ever opposed here
upon local grounds or local considerations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I have misjudged
the Senator.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator has misjudged
me. I know my own record; I know my own
faith ; I know my own motives and theories of
action; and I feel entirely confident when I
challenge him to the proof of that declaration
which he has made here. It is not in me. Sir,
I positively do not know one single point in
this whole country that I love better than
another. It is not in me to love one point in
this country better than another. It is uot in
me to know a foot of this whole country that
I do not love with my whole heart, and that I
will uot be taxed to improve and to build up ;
and there is not a foot of this country where
I do not hate an expenditure which is proposed
for the mere purpose of benefiting that local-
ity. I do not believe in any such local ex-
penditure anywhere.
Mr. President, the harbors and rivers which
you propose to complete with these appropri-
ations are as essential to one part of the
country as another. They are the arteries
through which the blood of the nation flows.
Allow them to be clogged and the circulation
of the country stagnates. I say that these
great water courses through which we pour the
products of the West to the consumers of the
East are as essential to the man who eats as
to the man who raises the bread. Sir, you
stop those courses; you blockade the ports
which let that food out of the lakes toward
the Bast, and the operatives of the East will
be as sure to starve as the producers in the
West would be to suffer. This circulation is
essential, and I do not admit that I am advo-
cating any local interest anywhere when I stand
here to defend these improvements.
Mr. President, I commenced to say that I
thought this was an unfortunate point, the
wrong oue at which to commence this work of
retrenchment, for two reasons: because I think
these expenditures more essential than many
others you make; and for another reason :
because you cannot turn back from those works
without condemning yourselves. You have
dedicated the nation to them ; you have under-
taken to build them; you have pronounced
them to be essential to the public welfare, and
to go back on them is to stamp your own con-
duct with error and stupidity. I should think
that ought to be avoided if gentlemen care
anything for their own consistency or for their
own reputation.
But, Mr. President, we make appropriations
here; we have made numberless appropria-
tions that did not begin to compare with these
in importance. Some Senator, since this^ de-
bate commenced, spoke of the appropriations
for the survey of the coast. Sir, you have
spent about ten million dollars on that work in
this country ; a very essential work ; I am uot
objecting to it. I think you have spent more
than ought to have been expended. I am not
sure that the work has been confined within
the limits of the original conception ; but you
have spent these millions upon the survey of
the coast, East and West. Bui of what possi-
ble utility is it to the country to have a survey
which shall tell you where there is a shoal,
which shall tell you where there is a bar, which
shall tell you where there is a reef, blocking
up your harbors, interfering with the navigation
of your rivers, unless they are to be removed,
taken out of the way. I supposed that was the
object of these very surveys. The other day
we appropriated more than three million dol-
lars in one bill to meet a deficiency in the ex-
penditures for collecting the customs. Nobody
was startled at that.
I will not take up the time of the Senate to
enumerate the expenditures which, although
they might be required, yet I think could be
better dispensed with than the amount which
is actually necessary to carry those works on
upon the scale on which they are now being
prosecuted; and I will now conclude with mov-
ing to increase the sum from SI,000,000 to
§1,500,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I merely rise for the
purpose of apologizing to ray Mend for making
aside remark to him, which I did not suppose
would be heard by anybody but himself, but
which he seemed to take seriously, and called
upon me for the proof of. If I had the proof
I would not exhibit it, and I cannot give spe-
cific instances at this moment; nor do I feel
disposed to follow up that matter. I feel,
however, disposed to congratulate myself and
the Senate that by insisting upon having the
matter spoken of aloud, it gave an occasion to
my friend for that burst of eloquence which
he always has ready, in which "veins" and
"arteries," and " streams," and "channels,"
as Junius says, "dance through" his speech
"all the mazes of metaphorical confusion."
So far the Senator has been the gainer, and so
have all the rest of us been gainers.
But, sir, what I meant to say was, or what I
was feeling at the time was, that it seems to
me a little strange economy is only to be prac-
ticed on one side. My colleague alluded to
the fact that at this session it was not thought
to be expedient to do anything at all with ref-
erence to prosecuting the coast defenses. Sir,
is not this Congress committed to that just as
much as it is to the improvement of rivers and
harbors? Is it not as essential, in one point
of view at least, to the welfare of the country
that the coast defenses should be put in proper
shape and prosecuted, as it is that rivers
should be cleared out and harbors made more
accessible and more safe? Why, sir, if Con-
gress is committed to one thing by its previous
legislation, it is to the other.
But that is not the question. I am just as
much in favor, and always have been, of the
improvement of harbors and rivers everywhere
within the means of the Government, as the
Senator ; and I have this advantage over some
Senators at least, that my votes show always
that I never inquire where any particular thing
is to be done at the public expense, but only
whether it is advisable; whether it is beneficial
to the country. Senators from the western
section or the new section of the country have
very little reason to complain of a holding
back of appropriations of all sorts, land and
money, whenever a decent excuse for them
can be found, however far West they may go.
And yet my friend from Iowa tells us this morn-
ing, because the Committee on Commerce
have proposed that the idea upon which we
have gone through the Congress thus far should
be extended to the bill for rivers and harbors,
that it proves what ? That afier all the appro-
priations that are called for, for one section of
the country have been made, the Senators
from that section come forward and oppose
the appropriations for the other. Is there any
justice in that remark?
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator will allow me
to remark that I did not say that they did
come forward to do so, but I protested that they
ought not to do so, and I hope they will not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood it as an
intimidation—and how otherwise could I un-
derstand it—that this was a step in that direc-
tion.
Mr. HARLAN. It has not been tested yet.
We shall know when the vote shall be taken.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on
Commerce offer this proposition. I believe
the chairman of that committee is more inter-
ested, so far as his State is concerned, than any
