THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
positive law, by the abuse of discretionary
powers from improper motives or for an im-
proper purpose.
It should be understood, however, that while
this is a proper definition, yet it by no means
follows that the power of impeachment is lim-
ited to technical crimes or misdemeanors only.
It may reach officers who, from incapacity or
other cause, are absolutely unfit for the per-
formance of their duties, when no other rem-
edy exists, and where the public interests imper-
atively demand it.
When no other remedy can protect them, the
interests of millions of people may not be im-
periled from tender regard to official tenure
which can only be held for their ruin.
Mr. BUTLER'S speech occupied three hours
in the delivery, with the exception of a recess
of ten minutes, which was taken on the motion
of Mr. Senator Wilson, when he had spoken
about two hours. When lie concluded—
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
I am instructed by my associates to say that
we are ready to proceed with the evidence to
make good the articles of impeachment ex-
hibited by the House of Representatives against
the President of the United States. My asso-
ciate, Mr. Wilson, will present the testimony.
Mr. JOHNSON. We cannot hear, Mr. Chief
Justice. I hope the* honorable Manager will
speak a little louder.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. I repeat, for the
information of the Senate, that the Managers
on the part of the House of Representatives
are ready to proceed with testimony to make
good the articles of impeachment exhibited
by the House of Representatives against the
President of the United States, and that my
associate, Mr. Wilson, will present the testi-
mony.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Managers will
proceed with their evidence.
Mr. Manager WILSON. I wish to state on
behalf of the Managers that, notwithstanding
many of the documents which we deem im-
portant to be presented in evidence have been
set out in the exhibits accompanying the an-
swers and also in some of the answers, we still
are of opinion that it is proper for us to intro-
duce the documents originallyby way of guard-
ing against any mishaps that might arise from
imperfect copies being set out in the answer
and in the exhibits. *
I offer, first on behalf of the Managers, a cer-
tified copy of the oath of the President of the
United States, which I will read:
I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute
the office of the President of the United States, and
will to the beat of my ability preserve, protect, and
defend the Constitution of the United States.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
To which is attached the following certifi-
cate :
I, Salmon P. Chase, Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States, hereby certify that on
this 15th day of April, 1805, at the city of Washing-
ton, in the District of Columbia, personally appeared
Andrew Johnson, Vice President, upon whom, by the
death of Abraham Lincoln, late President, the duties
of tho office of President of the United States have
devolved, and took and subscribed the oath of office
above set forth.
SALMON P. CHASE,
C.J. S. C. U. S.
The document is certified under the hand of
the Acting Secretary of State, and attested by i
the seal of the Department, as follows:
United St vtfs of America,
Dj:p \rtmknt of State.
To all to whom these presents shall come, greeting:
1 certify that the document hereto annexed is a
correct copy ofthe original filed in this Department.
In testimony whereof I, Frederick W. Sewaid, i
Acting Secretary of State of the United States, have j
hereunto subscribed my name andcaused the seal of .
the Department of State to be Affixed. '
Done at tho city of Washington, this 12th day of j
March, A. D. 1868, and of the independence ■
[l. s.l of the United States of America the ninety-
second. F. W. SEWARD.
I now offer the nomination of Mr. Stanton
as Secretary of War by President Lincoln. It
is as follows:
In Executive Session,
Senate of the United States,
January 13, 18(32.
The following message was received from the Pres-
ident ofthe United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Sec-
retary :
To the Senate of the United States:
1 nominate Edwin M. Stanton, of Pennsylvania,
to be Secretary of War, in place of Simon Cameron,
nominated to be minister to Russia.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Executive Mansion, January 13,1862.
I next offer, and will read, the action of the
Senate, in executive session, upon said nom-
ination :
In Executive Session,
Senate op the United States,
January 15,1862.
Resolved, That the Senate advise and consent to
the appointment of Edwin M. Stanton, of Pennsylva-
nia, to be Secretary of War, agreeably to the nom-
ination.
And this is certified by the Secretary of the
Senate, as follows:
I, John W. Forney, Secretary of the Senate of
the United States, do hereby certify that the forego-
ing arc true extracts from the Journal of the Senate.
These extracts aro made and certified under the au-
thority of the act approved 8th August, 1846, entitled
"An act making copicsof papers certified by the Sec-
retary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House of
Representatives legal evidence."
Given under my hand at Washington, this 11th day
of March, 1868. JOHN W. FORNEY,
Secretary of the Senate.
I next offer a copy of tho communication
made to the Senate December 12, 1867, by the
President. As this document is somewhat
lengthy I will not read it unless desired. It
is the message of the President assigning his
reasons for the suspension of the Secretary of
War.
Mr. STANBERY. Read it, if you please.
Mr. Manager WILSON. It is as follows:
Comniuaicationfromthe President of the United States,
relating to the ftuspp)i<tit>n from the office of Secretary
of War of Edwin M. Stanton.
To the Senate of the United States:
On the 12th of August last I suspended Mr. Stan-
ton from the exerciseof the office of Secretary of War,
and on the same dav designated General Grant to
act as Secretary of War ad interim.
The following are copies of the executive orders:
Executive Mansion,
Washingtojt, August 12,1867.
Sir: By virtue of the power and authority vested
in me as President by the Constitution and laws of
the United States, you are hereby suspended from
office as Secretary of War, and will cease to exercise
anv and all functions pertaining to the same.
You will at once transfer to General Ulysses S.
Grant, who has this day been authorized and em-
powered to act as Secretary of War ad interim, all
records, books, papers, and otherpublic property now
in your custody and charge.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. (J., August 12,1807.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M.Stanton having been this day
suspended as Secretary of War, you are hereby au-
thorized and empowered to act as Secretary of War
ad interim, and will at once enter upon the discharge
of the duties of the office.
The Secretary of War has been instructed to trans-
fer to you all the records, books, papers, and other
public property now in his custody and charge.
General Ulysses S. Grant, Washington, J). C,
The following communication was received from
Mr. Stanton;
War Department.
Washington City, August 12,1867.
Sir: Your note of this date has been received, in-
fui mmg xue that by vii tue of the poweis and author-
ity vested in you as President by the Constitution
and laws of the United States, I am suspended from
office as Secretary of War, and will cease to exercise
any and all functions pertaining to tho same: and
also directing me at once to transitu to General Ulys-
ses S. Grant, who has this day been authorized and
empowered to act as Seciutaiy of War ad interim, all
records, books, papers, and other public property
now in my custody and charge.
Under a sense of public duty I am compelled to
deny your right, under the Constitution and laws of
the United States, without the advice and consent ot
the Senate, and without legaj cause, to suspend me
from olfieo of Secretary of War, or the exercise of
any or all functions pertaining to the same, or with-
outsuch advice and consent to compel me to trans-
fer to any person the records, books, papers, and
public property in my custody as Secretary.
But, inasmuch as the General commanding the
armies of the United States has been appointed ad
interim, and has notified me that he has accepted the
appointment, I have no alternative but to submit,
under protest, to superior force.
To the President.
The suspension has not been revoked, and the
business ot the War Department is conducted by the
Secretary ad 'interim.
Prior to the date of this suspension I had come to
the conclusion that the time had arrived when it was
proper Mr. Stanton should letueiium my Cabinet.
Tho mutual confidence a«d general .accord which
should exist in such a relation nad ceased. I sup-
posed that Mr. Stanton was well advised that his con-
tinuance in the Cabinet was contrary to my wishes,
for I had repeatedly given him so to understand by
every mode short of an express requestthathe should
resign. Having waited full time for the voluntary
action of Mr. Stanton, and, seeing no manifestation
on his part of an intention ,to resign, I addressed
him the following note on the 5th of August;
Sir: Public considerations of a high character
constrain me to say that your resignation as Secre-
tary of War will be accepted.
To this note I received the following reply:
War Department,
Washington, Augusts, 1867.
Sir : Your note of this day has been received, stat-
ing that public considerations of a high character
constrain you to say that my resignation as Secretary
of War will be accepted.
In reply, I have the honor to say that pubiie con-
siderations of a high character, which alone have
induced me to continue at the head.of this Depart-
ment, constrain me not to resign the office of Secre-
tary of War before tho next meeting of Congress.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
The reply of Mr. Stanton was not merely a declina-
tion of compliance with the request for his resigna-
tion; it was a defiance, and something more. Mr.
Stanton does not content himself with assuming that
public considerations bearing upon his continuance
in office form as fully a rule of action for himself as
for the President, and that upon so delicate a <iues-
tion as the fitness of an officer for continuance in his
office tho officer is as competent and as impartial to
decide as his superior who is responsible for his con-
duct; but he goes further and plainly intimates what
he means by "public considerations of a high char-
acter;" and this is nothing else than his loss of con-
fidence in his superior. He says that these public
considerations have " alone induced me to continue
at the head of this Department," and that they "con-
strain me not to resign the office of Secretary of War
before the next meeting of Congress."
This language is very significant. Mr. Stanton
holds the position unwillingly. He continues in
office only under a sense of high public duty. He is
ready to leave when it is safe to leave, and as the
danger he apprehends from his removal then will
not exist when Congress is here he is constrained to
remain during the interim. What, then, is that dan-
ger which can only be averted by the presence of
Mr. Stanton or of Congress? 'Mr. Stanton does not
say that " public considerations of a high character"
constrain him to hold on to juc office indefinitely.
He docs not say that no one other than himself can
at any time be found to take his place and perform
its duties. On tho contrary, he expresses a desire to
leave the office at the earhestmomentconsistent with
these high public considerations. Ho says,in effect,
that while Congress is away he must remain, but that
when Congress is here he can go. In other words, ho
has lost confidence in the President. Ho is unwill-
ing to leave the War Department in his hands or in
the hands of any one the President may appointor
designate to perform its duties, if he resigns tho
President may appoint a Secretary of War that Mr.
'Stanton does not approve. Therefore he will not
resign. But when Congress is in session the Presi-
dent cannot appoint a Secretary of War which the
Senate does not approve. Consequently, when Con-
grots meets Mr. Stanton is ready to resign.
Whatever cogency these "considerations" may
have had upon Mr. Stanton, whatever right he may
have had to entertain such considerations, whatever
propriety there might be in the expression of them
to others, one thing is certain, it was official miscon-
duct. to say the least of it, to parade them before his
superior officer.
Upon the receipt of this extraordinary note I only
delayed the order of suspension long enough to make
the necessary arrangements to fill the oflicc. It this
were the only cause lor his suspension it would be
ample. Necessarily it must end our most important
official relations, lor I cannot imagine a degree ot
cftiontcry which would embolden the head of a De-
partment to take his seat at tho council table in tho
Executive Mansion alter such an act; norcan I im-
agine a President so forgetful of the proper respect
and dignity which belong to his office as to submit to
such intrusion. I will not do Mr.Stanton the wrong
to suppose that he entertained any idea of offering
to act as one of my constitutional advisers after that
note was written. There was an interval of a week
between that date and the order of suspension, dur-
ing which two Cabinet meetings were held. Mr. Stan-
toil did not present himself at either, nor was ho
expected.
On the 12th of August Mr. Stanton was notified of
his suspension, and that General Grant had been
authorized to take charge ot the Department. In his
answer to this notification, of the same date, Mr.
Stanton expresses himself as follows: "Undcrasense
of public duty I am compelled to deny your right,
under the Constitution and laws ofthe United States,
without the advice and consent of the Senate, to sus-
pend me from office as Secretary of War or tho exer-
cise of any or all functions pertaining to the same,
or without such advice or consent to compel mo to
transfer to .any person the records, books, papers,
and pubiie property in my custody as Secretary.
But inasmuch as the General commanding the armies
ot the United States has been appointed ad interim,
and has notified me that he has accepted the appoint-
ment, I have no alternative but to submit, under
protest, to superior force."
It will not escape attention that in his note of
August 5 Mr. Stanton stated that he had been con-
strained to continue in the office, even before he way
