52
SUPPLEMENT TO
requested to resign ,*by considerations of a, high pub-
lic character. .In this note of August 12 a new and
different sense of public duty compels him to deny
the President's right to suspend hiin from office
without the consent of the Senate. This Inst is the
public duty of resisting an act contrary to law, and
ne charges the President with violation of the law
in ordering his suspension.
Mr. Stanton refers generally to the " Constitution
and laws of the United States," and says that asense
of public duty 44 under" these compels him to deny
the right of the President to suspend him from office.
As to his sense of duty under the Constitution, that
•will be considered in the sequel.. As to his sense of
duty under 44 the laws of the United States," he cer-
tainly cannot refer to the law which creates the War
Department; for that expressly confers upon the
President the unlimited right to remove the head of
the Department. The only other law bearing upon
thequestion isthetenure-of-officeaotpassed by Con-
gress, over the presidential veto, March 2,1867. This
is the law which, under a sense of public duty, Mr.
Stanton volunteers to defend.
There is no provision in this law which compels any
officer coming within its provisions to lemain in of-
fice. Xt forbids removals, hut not resignations. Mr.
Stanton was perfectly free to resign at any moment,
either upon his own motion, or in compliance with a
request or an order. It was a matter of choice or of
taste. There was nothing compulsory in the nature
of legal obligation. Nor doeshe putbis action upon
that imperative ground. He says ho acts under a
"sense of public duty," not of legal obligation, com-
pelling him to hold on, and leaving him no choice.
The public duty which is upon him arises from the
respect which he owes to tho Constitution and the
laws violated in his own case. He is. therefore, com-
pelled by this sense of public duty to vindicate vio-
lated law, and to stand as its champion.
This was not the first occasion in which Mr. Stanton,
in discharge of a public duty, wasoallod upon to con-
sider the provisions of that law. Thattenure-of-office
law did not pass without notice. Like other acts, it
■was sent to the President for approval. As is my
custom, I submitted its consideration to my Cabinet
for their advice upon the question whether I should
approvo it or not. It was a grave question of con-
stitutional law, in which 1 would, of course, rely most
upon tho opinion of the Attorney (ieneial. and of
Mr. Stanton, who had once been Attorney General.
Every member of my Cabinet advised me that the
proposed law wasunconstitutionaL All spoke with-
out doubt orreservation ; but Mr. Stanton's condem-
nation of tho law was tho most elaborate and em-
phatic. lie lefcrred to the constitutional provisions,
thodebat.es in Congiess.especially to the speech ot
Mr. Buchanan when a Senator, to the decisions of
the Supreme Court, and to the usago from tho begin-
ning of the Government through every successive
Administration, all concurring to establish tho light
of removal as vested by thcConstitution in thoPrcs-
ident. To all these ho added the weight of his own
deliberate judgment, and advised me that it was my
duty to defend the power of the President from usurp-
ation, and to veto the law.
X do not know when a sense of public duty is more
imperative upon a head of Department than upon
such an occasion as this. 31 o aeis, thou, under tho
gravestohiigations of law; for when he is called upon
by the President for advice it is the Constitution
which speaks tohiui. All hisotherduties are left by
tho Constitution to be regulated by statute; but thw
duty was deemed so momentous that it is imposed by
the Constitution itself.
After all this X was not prepared for the ground taken
by Mr. Stanton in his note of August 12. X was not
prepared to find him compelled, by a new and indefi-
nite sense of public duly under "theConstitution," to
assume the vindication of a lawwhich, under the«?ol-
einn obligation*? of public duty imposed by the Con-
stitution itself, ho advised me was a violation of that
Constitution. I make gioat allowance lor a change
of opinion, but such a change as this hardly falls
within tho limits of greatest indulgence. Where our
opinions take tho shupo of advice, and influence the
action of others, tho utmost stretch of charity will
scarcely justify us in repudiating them when they
come to be applied to ourselves.
But to proceed with the narrative. I was so much
struck with the full mastery of tho question mani-
fested by Mr. Stanton, and was at tho time so fully
occupied with the preparation of another veto upon
thopending reconstruction act, that I requested him
to prepare the veto upon this* tenure-ot-oilico bill.
This he declined on tho ground of physical disability
to undergo atthetimetho laborof writing, but stated
his readiness to furnish what aid might bo lequired
in the preparation of materials for the paper.
At the time this subject was before the Cabinet it
seemed to be taken for granted that as to thot-o mem-
bers of the Cabinet who had been appointed by Mr.
Lincoln their tenure of office was not fixed by the
provisions of the act. 1 do not remember that the
point was distinctly decided, but I well recollect that
it was suggested by one member of the Cabinet who
was appointed by Mr. Lincoln, and that no dissent
was expressed.
Whether the point was well taken or not did not
seem to me of any consequence, for the unanimous
expression of opinion against the constitutionality
and policy of the act was so decided that I felt no
concern, so far as the act had reference to the gentle-
men then present, that i would be embarrassed m
the future. ^ The bill had not then become a law.
The limitation upon the power of removal was not
yet imposed, and there was yet time to make any
changes. If any one of these gentlemen had then
£aid to me that ho would avail him-self of the pio-
visions of that bill in case it became a law, I should
not have hct.ita.ted a moment as to his removal. jNo
pledge was then expressly given or roquiied. Put
there are circumstances when to give an cypress
pledge is not necessary, and when to require it is an
imputation ot possible bad faith. I felt that if these
gentlemen came within the purview of the bill itwas
as to them a dead letter, and that none of them
wo-uld ever take refuge under its provisions.
I now pass to anottier subject. When, on the loth
of April, 1865, the duties ot the presidential office
devolved upon me, I found a lull Cabinet of seven
members, all of them selected by Mr. Lincoln. I
made no change; on the contrary, X shortly after-
ward ratified a change determined upon by Mr. Lin-
coln, but not perfected athisdeath, and admitted his
appointee, Mr. Harlan, in the place of Mr. Usher, who
was in office at tho time.
The great duty of the time was to reestablish govern-
ment, law, and order in the insurrectionary States.
Congress was then in recess, and the sudden over-
throw of the rebellion requiied speedy action. This
grave subject had engaged the attention of Mr. Lin-
coln in the last days ot his life, and the plan accord-
ing to which itwas to be managed had been pre-
pared and was ready for adoption, Aleadmg feature
of that plan was that it should be cairied out by the
executive authority, for, so far as I have been in-
formed, neither Mr. Lincoln nor any member of his
Cabinet doubted his authority to act or proposed to
call an extra session oi Congress to do the work.
The first business transacted m Cabinet after I be-
came President was this unfinished business of my
predecessor. A plan or schome of reconstruction
was produced which had been prepared for Mr. Lin-
coln by Mr. Stanton, his Secretary of War. It was
approved, and, at the earliest moment practicable,
was applied in tho form ot a proclamation to the State
of North Carolina, and afterward became tho basis
of action in turn for the other States.
Upon the examination of Mr. Stanton before the
Impeachment Committee he was asked tho following
question: "Did any one of' tho Cabinet express a
doubt of tho power of the executive branch of the
Government to reorganize State governments which
had been in rebellion without the aid of Congress?"
lie answered, "None whatever. 1 nadiAvselfcnter-
tained no doubt of the authority of the President to
take measures forthcoiganization of thcrobel States
on tho plan proposed during tho vacation of Con-
gress, and agieed in the plan specified in the proc-
lamation in the case of Noilh Carolina."
Theic is. peihapa, no act of my administration for
which X have been more denounced than this. It
was not originated by me ; but I shrink fiom no re-
sponsibility on tli.it account, for the plan approved
itself to my own judgment, and I did not iiesitate to
carry it into execution.
Thus far and upon this vital policy there was per-
fect aecoid between the Cabinet and myself, and
X saw no necessity lor a change. As time passed on
there was developed an unfortunate difference of
opinion and of policy between Congress and the
President upon this same subject, and upon theulti-
mate basis upon which the reconstruction of these
States should proceed, especially upon the question
ot negro suffrage. Upon this point three mcuibeis
of the Cabinet found themselves to bo in sympathy
with Congress. They remained only long enough to
see that the difference ot policy could not be recon-
ciled. They lelt that they should icmain no longer,
and a high sense of duty and propriety constrained
them to resign their positions. We parted with mu-
tual respect lor the sincerity of each other in oppo-
site opinions, and mutual regret that tho difference
was on points so vital as to require u, severance of
official relations. This was m the summer of 18(>G.
The subsequent sessions ot Oongie.^s developed now
complications when the suffrage bill for the District
of Columbia and the reconsti uetion acts of March 2
and March 23, 18b7, all passed over tho veto. It was
in Cabinet consultations upon these bills that a dif-
ference of opinion upon the most vital points was
developed. Upon these questions there was perfect
accord between all the members of the Cabinet and
myself except Mr. Stanton, ile stood alone, and
the difference of opinion could not be reconciled.
Thatunit> of opinion winch, upon great questions
of public policy or administration, is so essential to
tho Kxeeutive was gone.
I do not claim that a head of Department should
have no other opinions than those ot the President,
lie has tho same right, in tho conscientious discharge
of duty, to entertain and expressing own opinions as
has the President. What I do claim is that the Presi-
dent is the responsible head of the Administration,
and when the opinions of a head of Department are
irreconcilably opposed to those of tho President in
grave matfeis of policy and administration thero is
but oxie result which can solve the difficulty, and that
is a severance of tho official relation. This, in tho
past history of the Government, has always been the
rule, a lid it is a wise one; for such dillercuces uf opin-
ion among its memheis must impair the efficiency of
any Administration.
I have now referred to the general grounds upon
which the withdrawal of Mr. Stanton from my Ad-
ministration seemed to mo to be proper and neces-
sary ; but I cannot omit to state a special ground,
which, if it stood alone, would vindicate my action.
Tho sanguinary riot which occurred in the city of
NewOrleanson the uOth of August, 180(5. justly aroused
public indignation and public inquiry, not only as to
Ihoie who weio engaged in it, bat as to those who,
more or le«s remotely, might be held to responsibil-
ity for its occurrence. 1 need not remind the Senate
of the eliort made to fix that responsibility on the
I resident. Tho charge was openly made, and again
and again reiterated through all the land, that the
President was warned in time, but refused to intc:-
feic.
Bv telegrams from the 'Lieutenant Governor and
attorney general of Louisiana, dated the 27th and
28th of August, 1 was advised that a body of dele-
gates, claiming to be a constitutional convention,
were about to assemble in Now Orleans; that the
matter was before the grand jury, but that it. would
be impossible to execute civil proccss without a riot,
and this question was asked, "Is the military to
interfere to prevent process of court?" This ques-
tion was asked at a time when the civil courts were
in the full cxercise of their authority, and the an-
swer sent by telegraph on the same 28th of August
was this: "The military will be expectcd to sustain,
and not to interfere with, the proceedings of the
courts."
On the same 28th of August the following telegram
was sent to Mr. Stanton by Major General Baird,
then (owing to the absence of General Sheridan) in
command of the military at New Orleans:
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War :
A convention has been called, with the sanction
of Governor Wells, to meet here on Monday. Tho
Lieutenant Governor and city authorities think it
unlawful, and propose to break it up by arresting tho
delegates. I have given no orders on the subjcct, but
havewarnedthepartiesthat X could notcouatenauoc
or permit such action without instiuetions to that
effect from tho President. Please instruct me at once
by telegraph.
The 28th of August was on Saturday. The next
morning, the 29th, this dispatch was received by Mr.
Stanton at his> residence in this city. lie took no
action upon it, and neither sent instructions to Gen-
eral Baird himself nor presented it to me for such
instructions. On the next day (Monday) theiiot oc-
curred. I never saw this dispatch from General
Baird until some ten days or two weeks after the riot,
when upon my call for allthedispatches, with a. view
to thcirpubhcation, Mr. Stanton sent it tome. These
facts all appear in the testimony of Mr. Stanton be-
fore the Judiciary Committee in the impeachment
investigation.
On the 30th, the day of the riot, and after it was
suppressed. General Laird wiote to Mr. Stanton a
long letter, from which I make the following ex-
tracts :
" Siii: I have the honor to inform you that a very
serious riot has occurred here to-day. I had not been
applied to by the convention for protection, but the
Lieutenant Governor anil the mayor had freely con-
sulted with me, and X was so fully convinced that it
was so strongly the intent of the city authorities to
preserve the peace, in order to prevent military in-
terference, that I did regard an outbreak as a thing
to bo apprehended. The Lieutenant Governor h;id
iissmed me that, even if a writ of arrest was issued
by the court, the sheriff would not attempt toserve it
without my pei mission, and, for to-day, they designed
to suspend it. I inclose herewith eopics of mv cor-
respondence with the mayor, and of a dispatch which
the Lieutenant Governor claims to have receive dli om
the President. I regret that no reply to my dispatch
to you of Saturday has yet reached mc. General
Sheridan is still absent in Texas."
The dispatch of General Baird of the 28th asks for
immediate instructions, and his letter of the oO.h,
alter detailing the terrible riot which had ju^t hap-
pened, ends with the expression of regret that the in-
structions which he asked for were not sent. It ij not
the faultorthccrroror the omission of the Pre-iO out
that this military commander was left without instruc-
tions; but for all omissions, for all errors, tor all fail-
ures to instruct when instruction might have avciicd
this calamity, the President whs openly ana p<>i ist-
ently held responsible. Instantly, without wait.ng
for proof, the delinquency of the President was her-
alded in evciy form of utterance. Mr. Stanton knew
then that, the President, was not responsible lor tins
delinquency. The exculpation was in his power, but
it was not given by him to tho public, and only to the
President in obedience to a requisition lor all the dis-
patches.
No one regrets more than myself that General
Band's icquest was not biought to my notice. It is
clear from his dispatch and letter, that if the Seci e-
taiy of War had given him proper instructions, the
not which arose on the assembling of the conven-
tion would have been averted.
There may be those ready to say that I would have
given no instructions even if the di*t>n tch had
reached me in time; but all must admit that I ought
to have had the opportunity.
The following is the testimony given by Mr. Stan-
ton before the Impeachment Investigation Commit-
tee as to this dispatch:
4' (Juration.—Referring to the dispatch of the 28th
of July, by General Baird, I ask you whether that
dispatch on its receipt was communicated?"
" Answer.—1 received that dispatch on Sunday
forenoon. I examined it carefully and considered
the question presented. I did not sec that I could
gi\ e any instructions different fiom the line of action
which General Baird proposed, and made no answer
tolie dispatch."
" (Juextion.—L see it stated that this was received
at lO.liO p. m. Was that the hour at which it wiib re-
ceived by you ?"
" That is the date of its reception in tho
telegraph office Saturday night. I received
communications on that subject, but it was not fui-
nished by me before that time. I suppose it. may
have been ten or fifteen days afterward."
"Question. The President himself being in corre-
spondence with those parties upon thesamc subjeci,
would it not have been proper to have advised him
oHhe reception of that uicspatcli ?
" Aiisic'.'r, I know nothing about his eoncspond-
ence, and know nothing about any correspondence
except this one dispatch. We had intelligence of the
riot on Thursday morning. The riot had taken place
on Monday."
It is a difficult mattor to define all the relations
