4158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
other member of it; and yet he says he does
not think it advisable to pass that bill at the
present session, but deems it proper to defer
action upon it for the present. Does the accu-
sation apply to him. Sir, I do not like this
kind of imputation coming from anybody when-
ever we begin to carry out the idea upon which
gentlemen themselves have gone. Take this
matter of the coast defenses. When it is a
time of war we ther, perceive the necessity of
attending to those defenses, but when it comes
to a time of peace gentlemen say, " Let them
stop where they are, unfinished, imperfect,
useless comparatively many of them until war
comes again; keep them in their unfinished
state."^ Js that good policy ? Andyetthatis
the policy that seems to have been adopted. I
made no eomplaintof itat the present session;
and why? For the simple reason that at the
present session it was thought advisable to
economize in every direction, and do 110 more
than might be thought absolutely essential to
be done. We begun with that idea.
My honorable friend spoke of the appropria-
tions for light-houses. Sir, what appropria-
tions for light-houses have been made at this
session? Has there been any appropriation for
erecting new light-houses as there generally
are? I believe there have been but two pro-
vided for, and those in one of the appropria-
tion bills, and one of those I think is in Cali-
fornia, and the other I do not know where.
I succeeded in getting one into the bill for the
coast of Maine, but the committee of confer-
ence would not agree to it, and it was struck
out. and the others were left. So that there
has been no appropriation, except simply for
the purpose of keeping the light-houses in
repair and in operation, in order that they may
answer the purposes for which they were re-
quired—nothing more. This idea has been
carried to them just as much as it has to the
coast defenses, and to every other branch of
the service so far as it could be carried.
Now, it so happens, although that was the
full understanding, that we were to go upon
that system at the present session, and defer
to the next what might be necessary, at the
very heel of the session comes in a bill appro-
priating some six or seven million dollars,
a,ml the large portion of it for new wurks never
before heard of; for new places never before
heard of, and which you cannot find the names
of in any Gazetteer. I do not dispute that all
these may be necessary and wise at, the proper
time ; but X do say that it is not becoming in
gentlemen under those circumstances to rise
and make the intimation that, if wo refuse to
do that very thing, we are sectional, because it
is ill-founded.
Sir, I have not examined that bill, except to
cast my eye over it; and, of course, I can
know nothing about the necessity of the works
for which it provides ; but what is proposed ?
In accordance with this understanding, pre-
cisely as it has been carried out, with regard to
other branches of the public service, striking
down, economizing, the Committee 011 Com-
merce say, "Wo cannot make these large
appropriations at the present session, but we
will make a liberal appropriation, arid put it in
the hands of the War Department, to do what
may be necessary in order to keep our public
works in repair and preservation, and to com-
plete them, so far as it can complete them."
Upon that, my friend from Wisconsin says,
"i do not think it large enough." Why not?
Does he give us any reason ? Is it anything
more than guesswork? Does he tell us why;
wherein ? Not at all; but he would like a little
more. Well, sir, I would like a good deal
more than was appropriated for light-houses ; I
think I should like a good deal more for this
purpose, if it is necessary, and I would be glad
to have it this year; but what I want to call
attention to is the fact that while economy has,
during the session, raged upon everything else,
the moment you come to touch this matter ot
rivers and harbors, in which my State is inter-
ested to some extent, a cry is raised at once
than 0.1 cannot, touch this particular thing.
Why not this as well as other things? It will
take a great while before all the great rivers
of this country are made perfect, and all the
harbors in this country are completed. It
is a question of time. Do gentlemen expect
to do it at once? When wc hear so much
about the great West it is as well to stop and
consider whether everything can be done for
the great West at once. It is because of its
greatness that time is required in order to do
all that is necessary to be done. I cannot say
it in such eloquent words as my friend has used,
but I say that I fully appreciate and share with
him the sentiment that we never ought to know
one part of our country from another, when
the question is of improvements for the general
benefit; and I agree with him thoroughly that
although we at the East should not starve if
all these things were not done, as he seems to
think we should, yet we can live a great deal
better and easier from our connection with the
West. We did not starve when there was not
a man in the West; we made out to live. Wo
had a hard soil, and we had a rough time of
it, and expect to have in the future, but star-
vation did not stare us in the face ; and I think
even if the great West was not so great as it is,
that although our comforts might be very much
diminished, still we should manage to crawl
upon the face of the earth living creatures.
I am very sorry, sir, that I have had occasion
to say this, but it has been called out rather
from my friend's insisting upon my saying out
aloud what I said to him aside; and if I am
mistaken with reference to my judgment, of his
disposition with reference to these matters I
say to him that it may have arisen from the
collisions 1 have had with him on other things ;
but if he says I am mistaken I apologize most
distinctly for what I did say, although I did
not intend it for his ear.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, there is a dash
of personality entering into this debate that I
do not altogether like, and yet that I am not
particularly disturbed at. It requires first to
be accounted for. The Senator from Maine
did make a remark entirely aside, and in entire
good nature, and I was responsible for calling
attention to it. 1 called attention to it delib-
erately, because I wished to reply to it in as
perfect good nature as the remark was made.
All the feeling that I have about it, and which
was not a feeling of anger at all, was evoked
by the Senator subsequently rising in his place
and reiterating the remark, intensified both in
words and manner, and which did launch
against me the direct charge of being influenced
here by my jealousies and by ray partialities
touching localities, ldo not recall the words;
but that was the substance of the accusation.
I replied, I could only reply by a direct denial;
I could only plead the general issue, adding
one thing to it,: a challenge for him to produce
his proof. The Senator attempted to produce
his proof, and he cited one instance in which I
had opposed the marine hospitals as an evidence
of that local partiality and prejudice which he
supposed influenced my action here as a Sen-
ator. '1 he Senator now is disposed to waive
the controversy, and I do not care anything
about it. I ecrtainly have nothing to make
in pursuing that part of it. I hope he acqui-
esces in the truth of my statement, that I have
not been actuated in this measure or in any
other by any such local considerations as he
attributes to me.
ilr. President, I not only have not been
influenced by any such local feelings myself,
but I do not remember the day, I cannot recall
the unfortunate hour, when I have ever attrib-
uted any such motives as guiding the action of
my fellows on this floor; and I hope—but
knowing how infirm I am I make no promises
for the future—I hope that day will never eome
to me that I shall charge the representative of
a State upon this floor as being guided and
controlled by an undue attachment to his con-
stituents and love for his locality.
Mr. President, a parallel seems to be run
between the appropriation asked for here fox-
rivers and harbors and the appropriation made
heretofore for works of public defense; and
because the appropriations for public defense
have been this year less liberal than they have
been in former years, two things seem to be
argued: first, that the appropriations for rivers
and harbors should be proportionately cur-
tailed; and, secondly—which seems to me
much more unreasonable than that—that the
West is accountable for the small appropria-
tion for works of public defense. If the West
is at all accountable for the measure of those
appropriations I hear it now for the first time.
As an individual I have no responsibility, for
I never was consulted about the amount of
those appropriation. I think the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations will assent
to the truth of that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly. I
suppose the honorable Senator has no refer-
ence to me in his remarks.
Mr. HOWE. I am not replying to anything
that the Senator now on the floor has said.
Mr. President, I do not think the West has
any responsibility for the amount which has
b«en appropriated for works of public defense.
Applying the same rule to those works that I
do to these harbors and rivers, I am free to
say that I know of no interest which the East
has in works of public defense, necessary
works of public defense, that the West has
not. The East is as essential to us as the West
is to the East, and the protection and defense
of the East is as essential to us as it can be to
any portion of the country. I have just one
word of comment to make upon the appropria-
tions for those works, and it is this: that they
seem to be proposed on the idea that as much
is required one year as another. When you
commence the building of a harbor, an engi-
neer can tell you very near the amount of
money he will want and when the work will be
completed; but when a harbor will need to be-
defended, 1 take it, it is beyond the capacity
of any engineer yet educated to foretell what
amount it will take to defend it. That money
has been unnecessarily appropriated on those
works of public defense I suppose is very prob-
able ; that money has been unnecessarily ap-
propriated in the work of building harbors and
improving rivers I shall not undertake to deny.
It is inevitable; it is an incident to these
kinds of public improvements that not the
whole of the money dedicated should be wisely
expended.
One more remark I wish to make in reply
to the comments made by the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. FESSEunEN.] He speaks of " the
great West" as if he had caught the words
from me. He borrowed them from nothing I
have said to-day ; he borrowed them, I think,
from nothing I ever said. It is a form of
expression that I do not mean to indulge in,
though it is a feeling, I admit, constantly with
me, and it may have found utterance some
time in expression. If it has I shall not apolo-
gize for it. Those words were never uttered
as a taunt to any other portion of the country.
They never wore uttered as a boast in which I
think 1 had any more right to indulge than any
other man who loves our country. If the West
is great, as I believe it is, its greatness is the
common property of the whole country. Let
no man be envious or jealous of it; it does 110
man hurt ; and it does no. section of the coun-
try any hurt. It is a part' of the glory of the
whole country, and I wish it might be the boast
of the whole country.
But, sir, I did, when I was 011 the floorbefore,
speak of the necessity of the commerce of the
products of the West to the East, audi did
say that but for them the East would starve,
ihe Senator reminds me that the East lived
very well before the West existed. That is
true, but not the East of to-day lived then.
The West has grown and the East has fed upon
it, has thrived upon it, I am glad to know.
You have an immense population, a consum-
ing population, 'as well as a producing popu-
lation, a population which consumes that
which the West produces, and produces that
which the West consumes; that you did not
