1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
on said bridge to do so by paying to the parties
then in interest the proportionate cost of said
bridge; but no such permission to other roads
shall impair the right hereby granted to the
Chicago, Rock Island, and Pacific Railroad
Company, and that the total cost of said bridge
shall not exceed the estimates made by the
commissioners appointed under the act above,
approved June 27, 1866.
The second section provides that in case the
Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Company
shall neglect or fail, for sixty days after the
passage of this resolution, to make and guar-
anty the agreement specified in the act of ap-
propriation aforesaid, approved March 2,1867,
then the Secretary of War shall be, and is
hereby, authorized and required to direct the
removal of the existing bridge, and to direct the
construction of the bridge aforesaid, and ex-
pend the money appropriated for that purpose
m said act; and the said Rock Island and
Pacific Railroad Company shall not have, ac-
quire, or enjoy any right of way or privilege
tnereon, or the use of said bridge, until the
agreement aforesaid shall be made and guar-
antied according to the terms and conditions
of said act of appropriation. All acts or parts
of acts inconsistent with these resolutions are
hereby repealed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object.
Mr. PRICE. I move a suspension of the
rules.
messages from the president.
Several messages in writing from the Pres-
ident of the United States were communicated
to the House by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Private
Secretary.
recess.
Mr. PRUYN. It is evident that we can
do no business amid the confusion caused by
members changing their seats. I move that
the House take a recess for ten minutes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope
not.
Mr. MUNGEN'. I move that the House do
now' adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House
refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken on Mr. PnmVs
motion, and it was agreed to; and the House
accordinglyrtook a recess for ten minutes.
message from t1ie senate.
The recess having expired, a message from
the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its Secretary, an-
nounced that the Senate had passed the bill
(H. R. No. 452) for the relief of Captain C. P.
Johnson.
trial and conviction of american citizens.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives ;
In answer to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 2-itli of November, 1867, calling for
information in relation to tlio trial and conviction
of American citizens in Great Britain and Ireland
for the two years last past, I transmit a partial re-
port from the Secretary of State, which is accom-
panied by a portion of the papers called for by the
resolution. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, February 10, 1S6S.
Mr. ORTH. I move that the message and
accompanying papers be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
supply of timber for tiie navy.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House the following mes-
sage from the President of the United States:
To the Home of Representatives :
I transmit herewith acommunication from the Sec-
retary of the Navy relative to depredations upon,
and future care of, tho reservations of land for the
purpose of supplying timber'for tho Navy of^the
United States. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, February 10,1868.
The message, with the accompanying com-
munication, was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
post office at penn yan.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House the following mes-
sage from the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives :
In reply to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives ofthelstinstant, I transmit herewith a re-
port from the PostmastcrGeneral in reference to the
appointment of a spceial agent to tako charge of the
post offioo at Penn Van, in tho State of New York.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, February 10.1868.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the message,
with the accompanying report, be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ItOCK ISLAND BRIDGE AGAIN.
The question recurred upon Mr. Price's
motion, to suspend the rules to enable him to
introduce a joint resolution in regard to the
Rock Island bridge for action at this time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will withdraw my ob-
jection to the introduction of the joint reso-
lution if the gentleman will allow a few min-
utes debate upon it after it is introduced.
Mr. PRICE. How many minutes does the
gentleman want?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I only ask for ten min-
utes.
Mr. PRICE. I have certainly no objection
to having the matter discussed, but it will delay
business, and this is a very plain matter. It
is only an explanatory law.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania withdraw his objection?
Mr. SCOFIELD. On condition that the
gentleman will allow ten minutes for debate.
Mr. PRICE. I will allow him five minutes,
if he will be satisfied with that.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I presume five minutes
will be sufficient for me.
Mr. PRICE. Then I will yield five minutes
to the gentleman.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I withdraw my
objection.
No other objection being made, the joint res-
olution (II. It. No. 211) in regard to the Rock
Island bridge was introduced and read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. PRICE. I do not wish to consume any
of the time of the House in reference to this
joint resolution more than to say that the res-
olution is sent here by the Secretary of War,
and is explanatory of the law passed in refer-
ence to the removal of a bridge at Rock Island,
which is au obstruction to the navigation of
the river. The law was passed over a year
ago. There is no money in the joint resolu-
tion; it is nothing but an explanatory state-
ment of the law. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sco-
field.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I take issue with the gen-
tleman fiom Iowa [Mr. Price] when he says
there is no monuy in this joint resolution.
There is not only some money in it, but, in my
judgment, there is a great deal of money in it.
It is no more and no less than a plan to get a
bridge built across tho Mississippi river by the
United States and then to donate it to a rail-
road company. The United States now have
a bridge across the east portion of the river to
the island of Rock Island. It is now proposed
that the United States shall build the half of
another bridge across the entire river, both
branches of it, and to give the one half of that
half to a railroad company that will use it all
the time, while the United States will have the
mere privilege of driving a few Government
wagons across it.
Now, everybody who is in favor of that pro-
ject and of the legislation that inaugurated it
at the last session may very well vote now to
remove the obstacles which the crude legisla-
tion the gentleman from Iowa forced through
here without discussion has rendered necessary.
And when that object shall have been accom-
plished the United States will have built a rail-
road bridge across the Mississippi river and
donated the half of it to a railroad company,
while the Government will have no other re-
turn from the outlay than the mere privilege of
driving each year a few wagon teams across it.
There is more than that in this matter.
Merely the foundation of the arsenal on Rock
Island has been laid, and already more than a
million dollars has been expended. One small
building only has been built, and the founda-
tion only for the rest has been laid, and one
million dollars and over have been expended.
Instead of there being no money in this joint
resolution, it is only a part of a stupendous
whole.
The Secretary of the Treasury has just
informed us that the debt of the United States
ha3 increased $20,000,000 in one month. I
know some gentlemen here say: fill up the
Treasury with greenbacks; set your printing
presses at work, and make more pictures. But
we have so many of them now that the cur-
rency is very much depreciated. Let us, instead
of depleting the Treasury and filling it with
greenbacks, close down the lid and keep it
closed until the end of this session.
If we allow this railroad bill to go through
and require the half of this bridge to be buiit
at the expense of the United States, the next
thing we will be asked to put through all the
railroad bills which have been introduced giv-
ing subsidies to new railroads; and then I shall
ask to be allowed to come in with an applica-
tion for Congress to build a bridge across the
Alleghany river at the place where I live, just
as the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] wants
a bridge built across the Missfssippi to Daven-
port, where he lives. If I bring in such a pro-
ject will the gentleman vote for it? We need
it there very much. I want to know whether
the gentleman will vote for it? Let him give me
a nod if he will.
Mr. PRICE. I will answer the gentleman
when he gets through.
Mr. WA.SIIDURN, of Wisconsin. I will
vote for it if it is right.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have the pledge of the
vote of one gentleman for a bridge across the
Alleghany river at Warren, provided he gets
this joint resolution through, I suppose he
means. This measure, introduced when the
House is in confusion, (gentlemen being en-
gaged in changing their seats and arranging
their desks,) inaugurates a system never before
practiced by the United States of building rail-
road bridges for the sake of having the priv-
ilege of using it ourselves a little. This is to
be done for the benefit of a rich railroad com-
pany, whose stock is now three or four per
cent, above par. I ask gentlemen if such a
proposition as that should be passed at this
time?
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, I want to say
to the House that the speech just, made by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
would have been a very good speech if it had
contained one thing that it did not contain,
and that is a very small spice of truth. And
1 want to say right here that I make no bar-
gains in legislation. I never ask for a thing
unless in my conscience I believe it to be right;
and in asking for the passage of this measure
the facts of the case back me up. When the
gentleman^ states to the House that we pro-
pose to build a bridge there and donate it to a
railroad company he states what has no found-
ation in fact and what he ought not to state
upon this floor 5 for ever since the passage of
the original law by this House the greatest
obstacle with which this work has had to con-
tend has been this railroad company, because
we would not give them the bridge after it is
built. And yet the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, the fnend £>£??• excellence of reform, re-
trenchment, and economy, raises a howl against
this bill, because he is in favor of a railroad
bridge- 
The SPEAKER, Thegentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] must not state that any gentleman
raises; a howl." Such language is certainly
not parliamentary. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. If the word "howl" is not
parliamentary, I will take it back and substi-
