1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313$
ment of Mr. Maynabd, and it was agreed to ;
there being, upon a division—ayes sixty-three,
noes not counted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have another amend-
ment to offer.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I have
an amendment to offer.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] will be recognized,
being a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not offer these
amendments as coming from the Committee of
Ways and Means, but as my individual amend-
ments.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I will
wait until the gentleman from Tennessee has
offered his amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
portion of this section providing for a tax on
the capital of those banks, by striking out the
words "beyond the average amount invested
in United States bonds;" so thatthat portion of
"the section will read as follows:
And a tax of one twenty-fourth of one per cent,
each month, as aforesaid, upon the capital of any
bank, association, company, or corporation, and on
the capital employed by any person in the business
ot banking.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment of Mr. Matnakd, and it was not
agreed to ; there being upon a division—ayes
twenty, noes not counted.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. In
order to perfect this section, I move to amend
that portion which relates to the tax upon capi-
tal by inserting after the word ''corporation"
the words "engaged in the business of bank-
ing;" so that that portion of the section will
read as follows:
And a tax of one twenty-fourth of one percent,
each month, as aforesaid, upon the capital of any
bank, association, company, or corporation engaged
in the business of banking, and on the capital em-
ployed by any person in the business ot banking,
beyond the average amount invested in United
States bonds.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to further amend
this section by striking out the following:
Provided, That the deposits in associations or com-
panies known as provident institutions, savings-
banks, savings funds, or savings institutions, having
no capital stock and doing no other business than
receiving deposits to be loaned or invested for the
sole benefit of the parties making such deposits,
without profit or compensation to the association or
company, shall be exempt from tax on so much of
their deposits as they have invested in securities of
the United States, and on all deposits less than $500
made in the name of any one person: and the returns
required to be made by such provident institutions
and savings-banksshailbemadeon thefirst Monday
of January and July of each year, m such form and
manner as may be prescribed by the Commissioner
of Intel nal Revenue.
I think these deposits in the savings-banks
should be taxed the same as deposits in other
banks.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Blaise, and it was not agreed to ;
there being, upon a division—ayes thirty-three,
noes not counted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to further amend
this section by inserting after the clause pro-
viding for a tax on circulation the following:
And a tax of one per cent, each half year on the
principal of all bonds issued by the United States,
owned by any bank, including the bonds deposited
by said banks with the Treasurer of the United
States, to secure circulation or deposits.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment ; and upon a division there were—ayes
19, noes 58 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holmast, and
Mr. IIube-Uid of West Virginia, were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 25, noes 75.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 114. And be. it further enacted, That every
national banking association, State bank, or fetato
banking association, corporation, company, or per-
son engaged in the business of banking, shall pay a
tax of ten per cent, on the amount of notes ot any
person, State bank, or State banking association,
town, eity, or other municipal corporation, used tor
circulation and paid out by them; and such tax shall
be assessed and paid in such manner as shall be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I move to amend by
inserting after the word "association" the
word " State;" so as to make the section read:
That etery national banking association, State
bank, or State banking association, corporation,
company, or person engaged in the business of bank-
ing, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRELL. I move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the section the following:
Provided, That this section shall not apply to
banks, persons, or institutions which are in liquida-
tion, and which have not issued any notes for circu-
lation ior a period of more than one year.
My object in offering this amendment is to
prevent the levying of this tax on institutions
that have for a considerable time ceased to do
business, having gone into liquidation.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think there is no objec-
tion to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend by insert-
ing afler the word "pay," in line four, the
words "on and after January 1,1870." The
object of this amendment is to postpone the
operation of this ten percent, tax until the 1st
of January, 1870. Jlr. Chairman, this section
introduced in a bill which is designed to raise
revenue is on its face entirely prohibitory.
The object of this tax of ten per cent, is to
strangle the State banks, if the few of them
now remaining in existence have any spark of
life left. I would prefer that this section
should be altogether stricken out, or that the
tax should be reduced to a very small per-
centage ; but I presume that this proposition
for a postponement of the tax may possibly be
more acceptable to the committee.
I venture to say, Mr. Chairman, that the
object of this assessment of ten per cent, in
previous internal revenue acts was to encourage
or perhaps to drive the capital of the country
into the national banking system. Has not
that object been sufficiently attained? The
capital of the country has gone into this system
until now there is no more opportunity for
investment in that direction. How has this
system left some portions of the country in
relation to banking facilities? I am looking
at this question more particularly from the
stand-point of Maine; and I suppose that
many other portions of the country are similarly
situated. It has several times been stated on
this floor that New England and New York
have the larger part of the national banking
capital. Allow me to say that when it is stated
that New England has in large proportion this
banking capital it should be said that Massa-
chusetts has it, and especially that the city of
Boston has it. Why, sir, in the State of
Maine our quota of the national banking
capital is less fhan $9,000,000, while the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts has about
eighty million, the little State of Rhode Island
about twenty million, and the State of Con-
necticut about twenty-five million. This has
arisen from the fact that during the war a great
deal of capital found its way to our large
business centers, the mercantile men in those
places being quicker-scented. 1 can say lor the
State of Maine, especially the eastern part, of
it, that we are almost wholly without banking
facilities. Our State banks are, hardly alive ;
they are dying of the debility and consumption
to ivhich they have fallen victims under our
previous revenue laws; and alter continued
struggling we have found no opportunity to get
into the national banking system. Business
men in the city of Bangor are now obliged to
get their banking facilities, in a large degree,
from the city ol' Boston, two hundred miles :
distant. The result is that while money may
be worth from three to five per cent, in the
city of jBoston, yet in the city of Bangor, many
of us in that part of the State being compelled
to put ourselves into the hands of the brokers,
and be consumed and swallowed up by their
rapacity, money is worth from nine to fifteen per
cent., and that, too, upon first-class securities.
That is our situation. The national banking
system is at present a monopoly; its facilities
are not diffused extensively enough. What is
the remedy ? Either to authorize an increase
of the banking capital and give us a part of it
or to take off or postpone this enormous taxa-
tion of the State banks. The postponement
of the tax till 1870 would not tend to bring into
existence new banks. But very few of the
State banks are now left in existence. These
have associated together, and brought a suit,
now pending in the Supreme Court of the
United States, to test the constitutionality of
this tax.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. The effect of this section,
Mr. Chairman, is just as represented by the
gentleman from Maine. It is a provision which
imposes such a tax upon State bank notes issued
by cities and other corporations and by States
to serve as money in the use of other banking
institutions so as to prevent that issue and drive
them out of circulation. Well" sir, it is not a
new idea. The law was passed in 1805. It
was then made prospective, and took effect on
the 1st day of August, 1800, and it has been in
full operation, so far as the notes of said banks
were concerned, with a view to that policy, ever
since the 1st day of August, 180(5, now two
years. Last year, in 1867, an amendment was
made which extended its provisions to the notes
issued by any town, city, or municipal corpora-
tion. This was an amendment which passed
without objection on the representation made '
that in New Orleans and elsewhere municipal
corporations were issuing notes to serve as
money.
As the bill now presents the case for the con-
sideration of the committee, it does not alter
the law of 1865, which went into operation on
the 1st of August, I860, nor the law of 1867,
which extended its provisions to the notes put
out by municipal corporations, but only adds
a single provision so as to embrace also notes
issued to serve as money by States ; for it so hap-
pens, we have ascertained in one or two of the
southern States they have issued notes to serve
as money. Then there is nothing at all new or
strange in this proposition, and the gentleman
is proposing to postpone to 1870 the operation
of a law which was originally passed in 1805,
and went into effect in 1800, which did go
into effect the 1st of August, 1800, and has
been in operation and full force ever since. I
hope the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. PETERS. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. PIKE. I renew it. Mr. Chairman,
there is no reason why the House should not
give attention to this amendment, and I think
favorable attention to it. When we comeback
to specie payments it seems to be the general
opinion that the bank law will cease to be a
monopoly. As the bank law was founded on
the free banking law of New York anybody
could bank on the deposit of United States
bonds, and when we come back to specie pay-
ments anybody can bank on the deposit of
national bonds. In the meantime we are
hedged in by this iron restriction of $300,-
000,000. The proposition of my colleague is,
that pending this time we shall allow State
banks, what may be left of them, to run free
of this odious tax; a tax, by the way, wrested
from the proper idea of taxation, this being
for the purpose of prohibition and not for rev-
enue. So it is, in effect, a tax in the nature of
a prohibition. Let up on this until we resume
specie payments and the free banking system
comes in, and you may destroy the State banks.
I hope, in the mean time, this whole brood of
national banks will be dissevered from the Gen-
eral Government, where they do not belong, and
specie take their place, so that we shall have
in a few words the axiom that prevailed dur-
ing our war, that gold shall be national and
paper sectional. I want this Government to
sever its connection from paper in all shapes,
whether in "greenbacks" or national bank
bills, and place itself upon the constitutional
currency of gold and silver. Then, it any ot
the States wish to deal in paper currency, let
