8186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
them do it. Let the national currency then
pe nothing but gold and silver.
Now, we have this currency of the General
Government which is now so contracted and
restricted that localities that did notatthe time
come mwtli the keen scent of the capitalists
ot the city are stripped of the circulation they
had formerly. My district has not the circu-
lation it had formerly, and they are compelled
to go_ outside to the moneyed centers for cir-
culation. The amendment of my colleague
wou d accomplish this purpose, and, while it
would be temporary in its nature, if the banking
system is to be continued it would bea conven-
ience to the localities and would injure nobody.
1 hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 desire to say a word in
reply to the gentleman from Maine. The effect
or this amendment is to revive the old State
banks which more than two years ago we vir-
tually destroyed by our legislation.
Mr. PBTliRS. I would ask the gentleman
how can that be? The suspension of the tax
for a year and a little over would hardly be an
inducement for new banks to go into operation.
Mr. ALLISON. The effect of the amend-
ment will be to send over the country a State
bank circulation which is now prohibited. If
we are to have any more circulation let us pro-
vide for it in the shape of our own Govern-
ment notes if we have not got enough now.
But I rose chiefly to say that if we want to
make any progress in this bill we must not be
constantly making formal amendments and
then speaking on tlie general subject. And
I give notice that hereafter I shall object to
these amendments unless fhere is substance in
them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
tried that myself.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield the remainder of
the time to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to state a fact
which I think will be of interest to the com-
mittee in connection with this proposition,
which is manifestly a step toward reviving the
State banks. The best illustration of the bad
condition of the currency out of which we have
come by the establishment of the national
banks, is seen in this curious fact: in 1821
there were $22,000,000 in the Treasury of the
United States not diawn against. In January
of that year interest 011 the public debt to the
amount of $-300,000 fell due. The Govern-
ment was compelled at that time to receive into
the Treasury the notes of the various State
banks which were current in the localities of
the banks. And yet, out of the wretched stuff
that made up the $^2,000,000 in the Treasury,
the Secretary could not cull $500,000 that
would be received for the Government inter-
est. The result was that the Secretary of-the
Treasury actually negotiated a loan of §500,000
in order to enable the Government to meet
its obligations, although he had in the vaults
what professed to be $22,000,000. That is an
exhibition of the kind of currency these State
banks gave us, and if revived, would give us
again. I will state further, that there was a time
under the old State bank system when there
were one hundred and eighty broken banks in
this country ; when one fourth of all the cur-
rency afloat in the United States was either
worthless or at so great a discount as to be
almost worthless. 1 hope we shall have the
wisdom to keep far away from the wretched sys-
tem from which the war happily delivered us.
Mr. PIUCE. A single question. Had we
not better kill these national banks now, and
go back to the happy financial state to which
my friend alludes
June 13,
my 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was 011 the amendment of Mr.
Peters.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out seventeen and inserting
eighteen. For business purposes the country
must have a certain amount ofbanking capital.
If the Government of the United States will
allow that amount of banking capital, well
enough. In my opinion we have not got it. If
the Government has not the right to supply it,
I say we ought to leave the right within the
States, and not strangle and destroy these banks
by excessive taxation. I do not propose to
revive the old State banks, but merely to let
those now in existence remain loifg enough to
let, them renew the attempt to get into that sys-
tem which in Maine they have tried very hard
to do. The Legislature has been renewing
from year to year the charters ofour State banks
now left in existence for the purpose of allow-
ing them to find an opportunity, through the
benevolence of Congress, to come under that
national system. But if that system never
comes, then I say the State ought to be allowed
to grant the banks banking privileges which
Congress has as yet neglected to provide.
Mr. I'llCIO. Air. Chairman, I desire to say
to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gakmeld]
that his argument, running back fifty years,
reminds me of the argument made when the
greenback system was proposed going back to
the continental currency. We heard the argu-
ment then against the greenback currency, that
in continental times a breakfast cost $500 in
continental money. Arguments which go back
fitly, seventy-five, and eighty years are musty,
stali<, and unworthy the attention of the com-
mittee.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Maine
complains of the condition of things in that
State. Now, that can partly be accounted for
by the report from the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency. If you look to Maine you will find that
she has sixty-one of these national banks with
an aggregate capital of $9,000,000, and that
they have remaining 011 hand $1,500,000 of
undivided profits and surplus. They have
$1,500,000 of their money deposited in national
banks in Boston. It is not to be wondered at
that even if they have but $9,000,000—whereas
they had a much larger capital in the time of
the State banks—they should in some degree
be contributing to this condition of embarrass-
ment and pinching necessity for money when
they keep their money locked up in that way.
They have H deposited down in Boston for
convenience, it may bo said, to draw against,
but probably, as our western banks do too
often, for convenience in speculations, to be
carried on there for the benefit of those con-
nected with the bank and the bank itself,
instead of keeping it at home to accommodate
their neighbors.
Mr. Ll'NCH. I want to say to the gentle-
man from Ohio what he ought to know as
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that the banks are required to keep a
reserve in lawful money, and that the same law
which requires them to do that allows them to
keep a certain amount of this reserve in these
business centers in which they are obliged to
redeem their circulation. Boston is one of
them, and therefore the amotant which the gen-
tleman finds of deposits of the banks of Maine
m the banks of Boston is for the purpose of
the redemption of their circulation as required
by the currency act.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SELYE. _ I desire to submit some
lemarks upon this subject: but inasmuch as
the time for debate is limited, I will simply
ask leave to print them.
llieie was no objection : and the leave was
granted. [See^Appendix.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that ail deoate may be closed on this section.
1 here was no objection; and it was so ordered.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend the section
in line four by striking out the words " ten per
cent, on the'7 and inserting one per cent, per
annum on the average so that it shall read:
That every national banking association, State
bank, or btafe banking; association, corporation
company, or person engaged in the business of bank-
ing, shall pay a tax of one per cent, per annum on
the avemtrs amountof notes ot any person Staff
bank, or State banking .aisoeiaUou, t.nTn, chy 0?
othel municipal corporation, UoCU tor cii dilation, ifcc.
lhe amendment was not agrceu to.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I rise for
the purpose of advocating that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The question haa been
taken; and, moreover, all debate haa been
closed on this section by the unanimous con-
sent, of the committee. *
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I did not
so understand, or I should certainly have
objected. ,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stated the'
proposition very distinctly, and no objection
was made.
Mr. "WARD. I hope that by unanimous
consent the gentleman will be allowed to pro-
ceed.
Mr. SCHENCK. We have 110 power to do
that.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Then I offer
the following as a substitute for the section: ,
Provided, That no greater tax shall be collected
of State banks upon their circulation than collected
from national banks.
On the amendment, there were—ayes 31,
noes 45 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Tkimble, of*
Kentucky, and Matxard.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 81, noes 05.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I move
to amend by inserting the following as a new
section:
Sec.—. And he it further enacted. That there shall
be levied, collected and paiil a tax of one per cent
per annum upon the amount of United States secur-
ities represented by interest-bearing bonds payable
at some futuro day, whether held by any person,
bank, association, company, or corporation. And a
true and aceuratereturnof the amountof said secur-
ltics shall be made and rondered annually by each
person, bank, association, company, or corporation
to the assessor of the district in which such bank
association, company, or corporation may be located'
or in which such person may reside, with a declara-
tion annexed thereto, verified by the oath or affirm*
ation of such person, or ot the president or cashier
of such bank, association, company or corporation
111 such form and manner as may be prescribed by
the Ooramissionerof Internal Revenue. And for any
lofusal or ncglcci to make or to render such return
and pay the tax, any such bank, association, com-
pany, corporation, or person so in default shall be
subject to and pay a penalty of $100 beside the addi-
tional penalty and furfeituiesin other cases provided
bv law \ and in default of such return the amount of
the aforesaid securities subject to tax shall be «sti-
mated by ihe assessor or assistant assessor on the
best information lie can obtain. And the tax herein
provided lor shall bo assessed, collected, and paid
upon the amount of the aforesaid securities held on
the 1st day of Apiil and be due and payable on the
1st day or May ot each year; and to any sum annu-
aily due and unpaid after the 1st day of May. as
aforesaid, and for ten days after notice and demand
thereof by the colleotorf>therc shall be levied in ad-
dition thereto, thesum of five per cent, on the amount
ot the tax unpaid, and intere.vt at therate of one per
cent, per month upon said tax from the time tha
same became due, as a penalty, except from the
estates ot deceased, insane, or insolvent persons.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. Debate has been closccL
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. This is
offered as a new section, and I would like to
explain it.
The CHAIRMAN. The action of the com-
mittee closing debate cuts off all debate until
the next section of* the bill has been read.
Amendments offered now are considered as
amendments to the pending section upon which
debate has been closed.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. This is
entirely new matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. Every amendment, I be-
have, may be supposed to contain new matter.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer the following as a
substitue for the amendment of the gentleman
from West Virginia:
Sr,c. . A,id be it farther enacted, That there shall
be assessed and collected on all bonds, the interest
on ynucii is payable at the Treasury of the United
otates, a tax of one and one half of one per cent, per
annum on the principal of such bonds; one half of
sucn tax on all of such bonds, the interest on which
i°iru ! • P^y^hle semi-annually,shall be wifcfx-
i held by the proper officer of the Treasury from the
■ semi-annually accruing-interest or coupons at the tim6
the same shall bo paid, and the tax aforesaid on such
, ot?aid boDdstbeintereston which is payable annually
shall be withheld as aforesaid from the interest or
coupons at the time of the payment thereof: the tax
hereby assessed shall be withheld from the interest
or coupons becomingduo on and after the 1st day of
November, 1868.
On agreeing to Mr. Holman's amendment
