1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
also movsd that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WASHBURNE,, of Illinois. I now
yield to the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Pl^ fe?T1'n?iniites f9r ft Personal explanation.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, when I objected*
a lew days ago to thelitfroduction of the reso-
lution read by the Cfell at the request of the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Johnson,]
and turned to sit down, I made a remark that
I thought the resolution was a burlesque on
common sense. I did not make it as a part
of my objection, but made it in an under tone;
but it seems it was sufficiently loud to catch
the reporter's ear, and thus it passed^nto the
record. I regret that that remark should have
so troubled the gentleman as to distemper his
• appetite by day and disturb his sleep by night;
but since he has mads it the occasion of an
attack on me, I desire to say to him if he
had known more about parliamentary law and
usage with reference to a matter of this kind
lie would have found that a measure introduced
into this House for action may be character-
ized as foolish, unwise, wicked, unjust, or any
similar term without any violation of parlia-
mentary law or without any breach of the
rules of courtesy. And 1 wish to say to him
further, since he makes the point upon this
expression, that his resolution was a burlesque
on common sense and his speech a burlesque
on his resolution.
The gentleman felt himself called upon lo
allude to the fact that I was a clergyman before
the war and a general~in the Army during (ho
war. That is true, and I have no reason to
be dissatisfied with my record either in one
capacity or the other. I entered the Army as
chaplain, but I very soon came to the conclu-
sion that this secession, pro-slavery, Demo-
cratic devil goes not out except by powder
and balls, that fasting and prayer would not
expel it, and believing in using efficient means
I adopted the prayer of Solomon with regard
to his enemies, namely, that they should go
speedily down into the pit and became, as far
as my talents would allow me and opportunity
'was afforded me, the executor of that prayer
•by sending as many as possible into the pit by
the use of powder and ball; and of course 1
incurred the displeasure of the South Carolina
pro-slavery and treasonable Democracy from
which the gentleman sprung, as I understand
he is from the State of South Carolina.
That is all I have to say, except that as- to
the remainder of his speech all the answer 1
want to make is that I pass it over in silent
contempt.
Mr. WASHBURN'S, of Illinois, resumed
the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman allow
me one or two minutes?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
yield.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I giv<& notice that I
will take the floor to-morrow morning and
reply to the gentleman from Missouri.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended and the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the \\ hole on
the state of the Union on the special order, the
legislative, &c., appropriation bill; and pend-
ing that motion I move that all debate upon
the paragraphs relating to the. Congressional
Globe be closed in one minute after the com-
mittee resumes the consideration of the same.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that the Committee of the W hole have passed
that paragraph.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I here are
some other paragraphs on the same subject
further on in the bill.
The question was taken on the motion to
close debate ; and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole, and it
was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of tho special
order, being the bill (H. R. No. C05) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 00th of June, 18G9.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
question was on the motion of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] to amend the par-
agraph in lines one hundred and sixty-six and
one hundred and sixty-seven, so that it will
read, "for furniture, repairs, and packing
boxes, §30,000."
The question was put; and there were—ayes
57, noes 11; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Blaine and Farnswoiitii.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 made a motion to
strike out the paragraph in regard to packing
boxes, and tho gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaini;] moved to amend my amendment.
The OTIAIHMAN. The committee is not
considering that paragraph.
Hie committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 55. noes 12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I now move to strike out
lines one hundred and sixty-eight and one
hundred and sixty-nine, as follows:
For packing boxes fur members, $1,5,500.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Before we reach
that point I move to strike out the words
"packing boxes" from the amendment which
has just been adopted. We have stricken out
the appropriation for packing boxes for tho
Senate, and now we certainly ought to strike
out that for ourselves.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 mnke the point of order
that tho gentleman cannot go back to that
paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair sustains the
point, of order.
The question was taken on Mr. Blaine's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Tor horses, carriages, saddle horses, $10,000.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend the clause
just read, so that it will read :
For lioises and canir.gcs for the transportation of
malts and for the uso of messengers, S10.000.
The amendment of Mr. Blaine was agreed
to.
Mr. DRIGGS. I move lo strike out the
entire paragraph as amended.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. BLAINE. My point of order is that
this paragraph has already been stricken out
and amended, and the motion of the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Driggs] is not in
order.
Mr. DRIGGS. The paragraph has not been
stricken out; it has merely been amended.
Mr. BLAINE. My motion was to strike out
and insert.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's motion
did not cover the entire paragraph; it merely
struck out a portion of the paragraph. The
Chair overrules the point of order.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
DnniCJS, to strike out the paragraph as amended.
Mr. DRIGGS. 1 made this move for these
reasons : I find in other parts of this bill these
items:
For clerks to committees, pages, horses, and car-
ryalls, $25,000.
For cartage, 83,800.
Now, I think, that is sufficient, without add-
ing 810,000 for horses and cawyalls. I there-
fore move to strike out the paragraph as
amended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can an-
swer the gentleman in one word. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations called before them
the Doorkeeper, in order that he might explain
this item, for tho committee thought it was too
large as it stood. Butthe committee learned that
it was the same sum that was appropriated for
this purpose last year. It is for the horses and
carryalls used for delivering the mails for mem-
bers! The Doorkeeper stated to the committee
that it was utterly impossible to get along with-
out the same number of horses and carryalls
which he had at the present time. He said he
had made a calculation of the number of
horses and carryalls he must obtain, the wear
of the carryalls, and the feed of the horses,
and found that it would cover this whole
amount. The committee accordingly directed
that this appropriation should be made. That
is the whole case.
Mr. DRIGGS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
The motion of Mr. Driggs, to strike out the
paragraph, was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For laborers, $12,000.,
For miscellaneous items, $70,000.
Mr. PILE. I move to strike out the words
" for miscellaneous items, $70,000," in order
to enable the gentleman from Illinois to
explain what it means.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. We appro-
priated $100,000 last year for this purpose, and
we thought the amount too large for this year.
We called the Clerk of the House before us
and asked him to state of what these expendi-
tures consisted. We said to him that we thought,
with the present desire for economy, that we
should be compelled to reduce the amount to
$70,000. Although he said he thought it would
be impossible for him to get along with that
amount, we did reduce the item to that sum. This
item covers the pay of contestants for seats,
the expenses for investigating committees, the
funeral expenses of deceased members, &c.,
including what is called the consumable arti-
cles which we have in all the committee-rooms
about the House.
Mr. UPSON". Is there not a contingent
fund besides?
. Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir;
this is the contingent fund.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to amend the para-
graph by stiiking out "$70,000'' and insert-
ing " $o3,G50." I make that motion so that
I may ask the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Wasiibuune,] who has charge of this bill, where
he finds the " $100,000'' 'in the appropriation
bill of last year for this purpose. I find in that
act the sum I have named. I would ask the
gentleman if there is another item in the ap-
propriation bill of last year going to make up
the $100,000 he has named.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I was mis-
led by the notes I had made on my cony of the
bill when I said the appropriation for this item
last year was yl00,000. The same appropria-
tion last year, as the gentlemen from California
[Mr. IIiui;y]_ has stated, was $o3,ijS0. The
reason of the increased sum named here is that
the Committee on Appropriations were in-
formed that the sum appropriated last year was
not more than half enough to cover the con-
tingent expenses of the House. Accordingly
a deficiency was brought in and was passed;
and the Clerk of the House told us that unless
we appropriated this amount he would be
compelled to come back with a deficiency.
Mr. HIGBY. Does the gentleman refer to
the deficiency bill for the current rear?
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. Yes; and
we have already passed that deficiency bill.
Mr. HIGBY. Then I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. PILE. I will withdraw the motion to
strike out the paragraph.
I he Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the following:
For stationery, $30,000.
Mr. V, ELKBR. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by adding the following:
Provided .That the Postmaster of the House shall
account to the Clerk of the House at the cad of caeli
and'dFstributed1'688 al! 6tatioilery by him roeeived
