2112
M CON&JP^SJQ'IAL (xLQBS.
March. $6,
there are several important bills that gentle-
men are desirous of getting passed, I propose
at the expiration of my hour to submit to the
House the motion to refer, on which I shall
call the previous question. I shall make the
Emotion, apd leave it to the House whether it
wilL sustain it or not.
Mr., WASHBTTRNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman not to do that. Many gentlemen
des.ireto speak on the subject.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman from Wiscon-
son [Mr. Washburn] has been heard on the
other side, and I intend to make the motion.
I yield now to my colleague, [Mr. Dodge.]
Mr. DODGE. Mr. Speaker, as there ap-
pears to be some misapprehension as to the
true status of the Union Pacific railroad and
its branches, all I desire to do is to set forth
the facts in relation to that enterprise. X have
no defense of the company to make. I leave
that to the country and this House ; but, sir,, I
believe I know as well as any man can what
that company has done and what its intentions
are. I will notice briefly a few points of the
gentleman from Wisconsin. I believe that he
does not desire to misrepresent that great
enterprise, and I therefore desire to correct a
few statements that bear directly upon the
subject before the House. The gentleman says
Government has given absolute control to
parties managing the Union Pacific railroad.
Does he not know that the Union Pacific rail-
road has to build its road under the super-
vision of three Government commissioners,
who examine and criticise every mile of road
built before it is accepted by the Government,
and that they, under oath, certify the road is
a first-class American road before one dollar
or one cent can be obtained from Govern-
ment? And this is not all; every act of the
board of directors and of the company is criti-
cised and scrutinized by five Government
directors, appointed by the President, and
forming one fourth of the board of directors.
One of these Government directors has a posi-
tion on each one of the committees, and noth-
ing can be done in or out of the board but
what they have full cognizance of. No other
of the roads receiving Government aid has any
such board or any such supervision, and these
directors have full knowledge of the rates of
freight, the necessity for these rates, &c.
The gentleman says it is a work that over
sixty millions of the people's money is to be
invested in, whereas the law prohibits the loan
of over fifty millions of credit or bonds to the
main line, and so far not a cent of the people's
money has been put into the enterprise, the
company having fully paid their interest on
bonds; and if the money saved to Government
in the transportation of Government freight,
mails, troops, &c., should be made a sinking
fund-it would pay off the entire debt or entire
amount of bonds within thirty years. In
another place he says:
" If we see fit to sacrifice posterity to this giant
monopoly, that they will have $100,000,000 of the
people's money in their hands; that they (the com-
pany) will defy any legislation."
Now, sir, I do not understand where the gen-
tleman gets his $100,000,000, as 1 have shown
the company can only obtain $50,000,000 on
the main road under any circumstances. The
amount really granted to the company is as
follows:
For live hundred and thirty-four miles at JIG,000 per
mile „  $3,544,000
For three hundred miles at $4S,0i0 per
mile, namely, one hundred and fifty
miles of mountain work from Cheyenne
west, and one hundred and fifty miles of
mountain work from near Sacramento
east, which equals    14,400,000
For eight hundred and ninety-eightmiles
crossing the main divide of the conti-
nent, the Wastach promontory, Laone,
Taonc. and Humboldt ranges of moun-
tains, at $32,000 per mile, amounting to.. 28,/3b,000
Making a total amount of bonds for the
main through line of.   451.680,000
If the company received pay on the full length of
line that they will have to build to complete the
toad from the Missouri river to Sacramento; but
aa, under the law, they obtain only. $50,000,00,0
for eighteen hundred and thirty,-two miles of
road, counting the distance to, San Francisco,
they get an average o£ a little over twenty-
seven thousand dollars per mile ; that the Gov-
ernment loans its credit for the purpose of
obtaining an all-rail communication fro.rn the
Atlantic to the Pacific through a country, over
mountains and plains, that no private enter-
prise would for oue moment iuvest one cent
without Government aid. If this road is to be
the great thoroughfare that the gentleman says
it will be, then the Government freight that
will alone go over it will more than pay their
interest, on the loan.
And novy, sir, th§ gentleman says Govern-
ment has furnished every dollar to complete
this road—in other words, that not one cent
of money has been put into the enterprise out-
side of the Government—and I deny in toto
the statement of the gentleman. I say, up to
the present time, that that company has fur-
nished and spent more mouey in building the
road than Government has loaned; and ac-
cording to the gentle mau's statement they have
only built as yet the easiest portion of the
road ; lie says five hundred miles of the built
portion is a dead level, and assumes the con-
tract to commence at Omaha. This is not the
fact. It commences two hundred and forty-
seven miles west of Omaha; therefore all his
assertions and assumptions fall to the ground,
being based upon false premises. When you
compare the rates of this road with other
roads you will not see so vast a difference as
is endeavored to be shown.
The Union Pacific railroad charges about
seven mills per hundred pounds of freight per
mile. The Great Eastern routes, competing for
freight between the great cities of the Hast and
the great West, charge from two and a half to
four mills per hundred pounds per mile, they
having all the advantages of civilization, con-
centration, transportation, the cheapness of
mateiial, fuel, repairs, &c.; while the western
roads—the roads east of the Missouri river—-
charge four and five mills on one hundred
pounds per mile. Many of the local southern
railroads charge four, five, six, and as high as
seven mills per hundred pounds of freight per
mile. As to passenger fare, the Union Pueiiic
Railroad Company are now charging ten cents
per mile : the Northwestern Railroad Company
lour cents per mile; the Chicago, lioek Island,
and Pacific Railroad Company throe and a half
cents per mile ; the Richmond, Danville, and
Piedmont Railroad Company six cents per
mile ; and these roads are all in a heavily set-
tled country, with heavy local business, while
the Union Pacific railroad runs five hundred
miles into a wilderness, without comparatively
any local business, nearly all their freight and
travel going but one way.
Now, sir, the past year coal for fuel has cost
the Union Pacific Kailroad Company from
twenty-eight to forty-two dollars per ton, de-
livered at places for use. It has had to be
obtained in Illinois, Missouri, and Iowa, and
has had to be transported from five hundred to
one thousand miles before the company could
use it. Again, wood, at first cost, lias been six
to eleven dollars per cord, and when laid down
at the points for use averaged about eighteen
to twenty dollars per cord. Labor and living
of all kinds on the Union Pacific railroad and
branches are one third more than on eastern
roads. Material for repairs of road, ears, run-
ning stock, building material, and all other
things pertaining to the keeping up and furnish-
ing the road, have to be transported from the
East. And the gentleman asks this House to
burden us with rates and fares that he knows
the road could not earn its running expenses
under.
As soon as the road reaches the coal fields
one hundred miles west of the track, then the
companies propose to reduce the rates and fare
themselves; they have already reduced them
somewhat; and so far as these railroad com-
panies being a grinding monopoLy it is far from
the facts in the case, and is not substantiated
by any proofs whatever. lbs gentleman,
seems to me, takes a very singular way to pro-
tect Government. He charges that the bonds
will never be paid ; that our rates a^e equal to
old rates by wagons and stage, and he comes
in here with a proposition, that, if adopted,
would prevent these companies.from earning
sufficient money to even pay the interest on
their bonds. It is the first time that I ever
saw the mortgagee come in and endeavor to
injure the value of the property of the mort-
gager, and if possible put the property on
which he holds a mortgage in a condition that
they cannot not only, pay the mortgage, but
not even the interest on the mortgage.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as to the rates as com-
pared with former rates as. .paid by Govern-
ment for transportation of its freight. The
average price paid by Government for 1865,
I860, and 1867, inclusive, on route No. 2 from
Leavenworth west was $1 57 per one hundred
pounds per one hundred miles, or one and one-
half cents per mile per one hundred pounds,
more than double the rates upon the Union Pa-
cific railroad and branches ; and in the last year
Government lias saved by transporting its
freight oil the Union Pacific railroad, eastern
division, over what it would have had to pay if
transported by wagon trains over au average
transportation of only one hundred and four
miles of railroad, $835,138; or, if that road
had been built three hundred miles west, it
would have saved by this " great monopoly,"
with its "exorbitant rates and tariffs," over
one million dollars. And the statement made
by the Quartermaster General of the rates of
freight over the Plains, over route No. 1, the
Great Platte valley route, for the last six years,
is as follows:
Quartermaster General's Office,
Washixqton, D. C„ March 24, 1868.
Sir: In repb to your communication of the20th
instant to this office requesting inlormation as to the
rates paid for each year for the last five years and
the total number of pounds ol stores transported and
total cost for such transportation on route No. 1 for
1866 and 1867,1 have the honor to state that the rates
of transportation per one hundred pounds per one
hundred miles on loute No. 1 for the last five years,
including the contract rates for the present year, are
as follows:
1861. Apiil, $2 25; May, S2 25; June, «2 25; July,
$2 25; August, $2 25; September, £2 25.
1865. April,£2 26; May, S2 26; June. $2 26; July,
$2 26; August, $2 26; September, $2 26.
186b. April, SI 45; May, ?jl 45; June, $1 45; July,
$1 45; August, ijl 45; September, $1 15.
1867-6S. April, $1 64; May. 81 64; June, «1 64;
July,$l 61; August, SI 64; September, $1 99; Oeto-
bei,Sl 99, November, SI 99; lleeember, §1 99; Jan-
uary, $2 50; February, >2 50; March, $2 50.
1868-69. April, SI 90; May, $1 75; June, $1 60;
July, SI 60; August, SI 6U; September, SI 75; Octo-
ber, SI 75; November, $1 90; December, £2 00; Jan-
uary, $2 50; February, $2 50; March, S3 00.
This office is unable at present to furnish the num-
ber of pounds of stores transported over route No. 1
for the years 1S66 and 1S07and the cost of such trans-
portation lor that tunc; but tho information desired
on this point has been this day catted for Irorn the
chief quartermaster military division of the Mis-
souri, which, as soon as received, will bo forwarded
"to you.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
1). II. ItUCKER,
Acting Quartermaster General, Brevet Major ticneral
United states Army.
Hon. (j. M. Dopuk, M. C., Washington, D. C.
The average is two dollars per one hundred
pounds per one hundred miles, or two cents per
mile, being one cent and three mills above the
rates of the Union Pacific railroad. The Quar-
termaster General is now unable to give me the
precise facts as to the saving in rates, but we can
figure for ourselves. The Government trans-
portation over the road last year was about
twenty million pounds of freight, and die Union
Pacific railroad transported it, on an average,
four hundred miles; showing a saving to the
Government on its freight alone, at tiie average
price of the last six years, of about one million
forty thousand dollars. Il'we take the price that
the contracts are let for this year and apply it to
the amount of freight that will be transported
over from five to eight hundred miles of line,
the saving will reach nearly two millions on the
Union Pacific railroad, and nearly a million on
on the Union Pacific railroad, eastern division.
And now, Mr. Speaker, what are the facts in
relation to the Union Pacific railroad? This
