1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3137
to the amendment, there were—ayes 10, noes
58 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Messrs. Holman and
Blake.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 25, noes 72.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. If the
committee will consent, I will withdraw the
proposition I have presented, so that I may
offer it at some time hereafter when it can be
explained, that the House may vote on it
understanding^.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to the withdrawal
of the amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. The
objection will only make it necessary for me
to change slightly the verbiage of the amend-
ment when I offer it hereafter.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object. I want a vote
on the proposition.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. As the
committee appears determined to force a vote
on this proposition, I ask unanimous consent
to make an explanation occupying three min-
utes.
The CHAIPiMAN. The committee, under
the rule, has not power, even by unanimous
consent, to extend the time to which debate
has been limited by the House ; but the Chair
has not undertaken to enforce the rule where
the unanimous consent of the eommitttee has
been expressly given, and he will not do so in
tlllS CS>s6 
Mr. SCHENCK. I must object. If we give
■unanimous consent for a speech on that side
of one minute, three minutes, or five minutes,
we must, of course, give unanimous consent
for a reply, and so we shall be involved in a
debate after debate has been stopped on the
section.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following:
And from all coupons hereafter presented at the
treasury after this provision shall take cffect the tax
herein prescribed shall bo withheld by the proper
officer of the Treasury.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
On agreeing to the amendment of Mr. Hub-
bard, of West Virginia, there were—ayes 22,
noes 41; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Hubbard, of West
Virginia, and Mr. Moore.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 42, noes 54.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
next section was read, as follows:
Broker 8,
Sec. 115. And be if further enacted* That there shall
he paid on all gales made by brokers, banks, or
bankers, whether made for the beneiitof others or on
their own account, the following taxes, that is to
gay: upon all sales and contracts for the sale of
stock, bonds, gold and silver bullion and coin,
promissory notes or other securities, a tax at the
rate of two cents for every $100 of the amount of
such sales or contracts; and on all sales and contracts
for pale negotiated and made by any person, firm, or
company, not paying a special tax as a broker, bank,
or banker, of any gold or silver bullion, coin, prom-
issory,notes, stock bond, or other securities, not his
or their own property, there shall be paid a tax at
the rate of five cents for every $100 of the amount of
such sales or contracts; and on every sale and con-
tract forsale, as aforesaid, there shall be made, sign ed,
and delivered by theseller to thebuyer abill or memo-
randum of such sale or contract, on which there shall
be affixed a lawful stamp orstampsm value equal to
the amount of tax on such sale, to be determined by
the rates of tax before mentioned; and m computing
the amount of the stamp tax in any case herein
provided for, any fractional part of $100 ot value or
amount on which tax is computed shall be accounted
at $100. And every bill or memorandum of sale, or
contract of sale, before mentioned, bhall show the
date thereof, the name of the seller, the amount of
the sale or contract, and the matter or thing to which
it refers. And any person or persons liable to pay
the tax us> herein piovided, or any one who acts in
the matter as agent or broker for such person or
persons, who shall make any such sale or contract,
or who shall, in pursuanco of any saU or contract,
deliver or rcceive any stocks, bonds, bullion, coin,
promissory notes, or other securities, without a Din or
40th Cong. 2d Skss.—No. 197.
memorandum thereof as herein required, or who shall
deliver or receive such bill or memorandum without
having the proper stamps affixed thereto, shall forfait
and pay to the United States a penalty of 6500 for
each and every offence where the tax so <jvndcd or
attempted to be evaded, does not cxeccd $100 and a
penalty of Si,000 when such tax shall exceed $100,
whichmay be iecoveredwith cost* in anycourtoij.^e
United States of competent jurisdiction, at any time
within one year after the liability to such prnalty
shall have been incurred ; and the penal ty recovered
shall be awarded and distributed by the court be-
tween the United States and the informer, if there
be any, as provided by law, who, in the judgment of
the court, shall have first given information of the
violation of the law for which recovery is "had : Pro-
vided, That where it shall appear thai the omission
to affix the propcrstamp wasnot with intent to evade
the provisions of this toetion. baid peualty shall not
be incurred. And the provisions of law in i elation
to stamp duties in schedule 13 of this act shall apply
to thestamp taxes herein impobod upon sales and con-
tracts of sales inn do by brokers, bank*, orb-inkers, and
others as aforesaid. And there shall be paid monthly
on all sales by commercial bro kers of any good\wares,
or merchandise, a tax of ono twentieth of one per con t.
upon the amount of such sales: and. on or before tho
10th day of cach month, cveiy commercial broker
shall make a return to the assistant assessor of the
district of the gross amount of such sales, as aforesaid
for the preceding month, in form and manner as may
be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal liev-
cnuc: Provided., That in estimating sales of frouds,
wares, and merchandise for the purposes of this sec-
tion, any Miles made by or through another broker
upon which a tax has been paid shall not be estimated
and included as s-oid by the broker for whom tho sale
was made.
No iimondmont was offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The next section, unless
objection be made, will be considered by para-
graphs.
Mr. ROBINSON". When would it be m
order, Mr. Chairman, to move to strike out (be
whole schedule contained iti the next section?
The CIIAJRMAN. If the section is consid-
ered by paragraphs, the motion to strike out
must be made after each paragraph has been
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Tax on the use and possession of certain articles.
Skc. 116. And be it further enacted} That there shall
be levied, annually, on every cairiage, gold watch,
and billiard-table, and on all gold or silver plate, the
tax or sums of money set. down in figures against the
same, respectively or otherwise specified andsctlorth
same, respectiv utj ui uiun  *nun.'vu v *
in schedule A, hereto annexed, to bo paid by the per-
son owning, possessing, or keeping the Si,,VWN nn
1st day in March in each year.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by insert-
ing after " gold watchthe words "musical
instrument."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to strike out the
paragraph which has just been road. I would
have preferred to move, if it had been in order,
to strike out the whole series; and, indeed, if
it were in order, I would move to strike out
the whole bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. You are a friend of the
bill! [Laughter.]
Mr. ROBINSON. I am not, sir. I wish to
say, with all due respect to the Committee of
Ways and Means, that any committee report-
ing to Congress such a bill as this, extending
as it does over three hundred and sixty pages,
when it might be fully set forth in twenty pages,
should be sent for twenty years to the Dry
Tortugas, or the Wet Tortugas, if there is such
a place. I rise for the purpose of moving to
strike out this paragraph for the sake of getting
a test vote which may decide whether we shall
go any luriher with ihis bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman wants
to curtail the bill, he had better move to strike
out a longer paragraph. This contains only
eight lilies. [Laughter.] _ _
Mr. ROBINSON. Short meter is just as
agreeable to we as long meter on this matter.
Mr. Chairman, I propose as each paragraph
is read to move to strike it out. We have been
engaged I know not how many days or weeks
on this bill, and we have only got one third or
one half way through it. At the rate we are
progressing I do not believe it possible that
we shall be able to get through this bill (luring
July. It will then go to the Senate, where it
will take all of August and September, and will
be returned to this House somewhere about
i November or December, when we are reas-
I sembling after the recess. I wish to say noth-
ing disrespectful to the Committee of Ways and
Means : but if we were in the House I should
move to recommit the bill, with positive instruc-
tions to prepare a bill not to exceed twenty
pages  
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Chairman. I rise to a
point of order. [Laughter.] What is the ques-
tion under debate ?
The CHAIRMAN. Lines one to eight inclu-
sive, on page 171.
Mr. MULLINS. General debate is not in
order, I believe.
The CHAIRMAN. Doesthegeutlemanrai.se
a point of order ?
Mr. MULLINS. Yes, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order—that general debate applicable
to the whole bill is not in order on this partic-
ular paragraph.
Mr. ROBINSON. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Muli.in's] is so much in favor of
large measures that he had better reserve his
" pint" of order till it becomes a quart.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MULLINS. I am good for a gallon for
Ireland.
Mr. ROBINSON. My friend is also from
Ireland, lie has dropped tho " Mc" and
added an " s."
1 will confine myself now to striking out this
paragraph. I hare already stated a part of my
reasons. I shall move to strike out each oi
the remaining sections as they come up, so,
if possible, we may get rid of this bill alto-
gether and substitute for it a hill or_ resolution
simply providing that the tax on distilled spirits
shall he fifty cents a gallon and the abominable
practice shall be abolished of making rectifiers
prove when they have whisky on hand that it h
innocent whisky. In order that we may get rid
of this bill I shall move to strike out these sec-
tions and paragraphs one after the other, so that
in the end the bill shall be sent, back to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means with instructions
to condense the whole thing to the fewest
necessary provisions and in the fewest words.
I make the prophecy that this bill in anything
like its present shape will never pass either
House of Congress, and therefore the time we
now spend upon it is really valuable time
thrown away.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from New York has expressed some
strong opinions about this bill. If we felt
more than we do what he has said it would
hurt the committee considerably, but as it is
we are not discouraged. We have had nothing
thus far but opposition from the gentleman.
He has given notice of a most novel mode of
economizing the time of House. He^ gives
notice, instead of contenting himself with
voting against the passage of the bill when it
gets into the House, he will move to strike out
paragraph after paragraph and^ section after
section. It is like kicking the bill to death by
grasshoppers, [laughter.] It is in my judg-
ment a rather strange way of saving time.
Now, 1 wonder at the gentleman's moving
this amendment considering that he has turned
to be a Democrat. He wants to relieve irom
tax gold watches, gold plate, carriages 
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman is not respectful, especially
when he himself is known to have turned. He
has gone over to the other side.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair
point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman and I were
Whigs together, and he has gone off to the
Democrats. -
Mr. ROBINSON. It is the gentleman who
has turned over to the Radicals. I remain m
favor of the old Whig doctrines of the Consti-
tution. , . r .
Mr. SCHENCK. I will relieve him of any
bad feeling on the subject, and show what kind
of a Democrat he has become. He wishes to
relieve from tax gold watches, plate, car-
The Chair overrules the
"Hr! STEVENS, of New Hampshire.
I call
