1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2113
road was projected some fourteen years ago.
The first examination as to its feasibility was
made I y private enterprise and private capital,
and a connection with it, dating back to its first
inception, renders me able to state some of the
difficulties under which it lias labored. The
examination made by me thereon and reported
to the capitalists of the United States showed
that at that day or this it would be impossible
to build that road upon private capital and credit
alone. The country demanding the railroad,
the Republican party, in its far-seeing and lib-
eral policy, seeing the necessity of this railroad,
indorsed it, made it a part of their platform,
and bi entiled life into it by the bill passed in
18(52. But even then, with that law and that
grant, it was found impossible to raise the funds
to push it forward or even to build a mile of
the road. The Congress seeing this amended
the act in 1804, and after the passage of that
act this great monopoly, this great swindle,
could not obtain the means for one year to start
the woik.
A. few men took hold of the enterprise, threw
their fortunes and their energies into it, and
the capitalists of the country looked upon it
as so foolish an act on their part that they
were actually shunned as prospective bank-
rupts ; their paper would not be taken except
upon tirst class collateral securities, and within
one year the enterprise came near failing for
want of financial support. But the energy and
determination displayed by that company; the
unheard of ability displayed in pushing for-
ward the work; the unexpected development
of that country that the enterprise caused,
called the attention of the world to it, and now
to-day the men who would not one year ago
have put a dollar into it are denouncing it as
a great monopoly, and trying to cripple it by
unjust and unequal legislation. If it is a success,
and any money is made out of it, it will be
simply and merely from the fact that a few men
had the nerve and the foresight to throw their
all into the scale, and "sink or swim " with
the enteiprise. And, Mr. Speaker, to reach
the succer-s they have to-day, no person can,
for one moment, know or see the obstructions,
prejudice, and obstacles those companies have
had to meet and overcome. The first three
hundred miles of road were built without an
eastern connection ; they had to start hundreds
of miles away from any railroad connection, in
a country entirely destitute of the proper means
or material for building a road ; paying enor-
mous prices for labor and material; transport-
ing the superstructure and equipment by water
at from tliirty-thi'ee to fifty per cent, more than
it would cost to build the same length of road in
a country affording railroad facilities. The iron
laid down cost $lA3alon, equipmentand every-
thing else pertaining to the road that came
from the East costing in the same proportion.
The first year the company, under these cir-
cumstances, built about forty miles, the next
two hundred and sixty, and the next two hun-
dred and fifty miles, but with a lavish expendi-
ture of money that astonished the world. Who,
in 1804 could have been made to believe that
this company would have accomplished what
they have? What class of men except those
who had this enterprise at heart would have
paid thirty-three and a third per cent, more
for building the road merely for the purpose of
obtaining distance when, if they had carried
out only the true letter of the law, they could
have saved that amount and put it in their
pockets? Have they had at interest them-
selves more than the country? I hold not,
for 1 know that their orders have been to give
them the most miles of road in the least pos-
sible time, no matter what it cost. And in
their contract they have provided §7,500 per
mile for the equipment of the road, a sum far
beyond any ever before provided for a new
road under similar circumstances; and when
built and equipped this sum will give it the
best machinery, the best shops, and the most
liberal supply of rolling stock of any road in
the country for the business it has to transact.
During the past two years the road has been
40tii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 133.
built through an Indian country with all the
tribes banded together and hostile. Our best
and ablest men have been killed ; our cars and
stations and ranches burnt; our men driven
off and our stock stolen, Gradeis and track-
layers, tie-men and station-builders, have had
to sleep under guard, and have gone to their
woik in the day-tirne with their picks and shov-
els and their mechanical tools in one hand and
the rifle in the other, and they have had often
to drop one and use the other.
It may not be known but it is a fact that the
graders went to their work as soldiers, stacked
their arms by the cuts and worked all day,
with hostile bands of Indians in view, ready to
pounce upon, kill, and scalp any unlucky or
negligent person who gave them an opportu-
nity. The company paid not only the cost of
the work proper, hut contractors were often
paid large sums for the risk they run. It is an
easy matter to-day, after the enterprise has been
made a success, and when we can just begin to
see the beginning of the end, when daylight
begins to open on the future out of these years
of darkness, for men to now come in and en-
deavor, for some reason, I know not what, to
hamper these roads, to pass laws that they
know will make them spend the energies that
it is their duty to put on the road and which
arc'necessary to complete it, in trying to break
down the barriers that this bill, if passed, will
make against those roads mthefinancial market.
And I doubt if the gentleman from Illinois or
the gentleman from Wisconsin, who appear to
make this great republican national work their
special objective point, would, for all the money
in it, stand as I have had to do, at the risk of my
life, and endeavor to keep men from abandon-
ing the work ; would travel as I have done to
make the surveys and construct the road,
obliged to keep all the time within the range of
a Government musket, for to be outside of it
was to lose your scalp.
And now, Mr. Speaker, while the Govern-
ment has been liberal to this great enterprise,
1 hold and can prove that while the road has
received this liberal credit, that it will bring
to the Treasury millions in the saving of the
extra expenses in freight. That it must and
will develop a country whose wealth no one
to-day can predict. The mountains those roads
cross are 110 myth, as the gentleman states,
but were formidable obstructions in its path,
which have been overcome by the skill and
energy of the company. These mountains are
underlaid with gold, silver, iron, copper, and
coal. The timber ranges that those roads pass
will develop an immense lumber trade, and
the millions upon millions of acres of Govern-
ment land that they will bring into the inaiket
and render feasible for settlement will bring
to the Government more money than all the
bonds amount to ; and this land and these
minerals never would have bi ought this Gov-
ernment one cent if it were not for the build-
ing of these roads. The inaccessibility and the
trouble and cost of developing the country
through which they run would have cost ten
times more under any other circumstances than
it would have yielded. And now, Mr. Speaker,
these Union Pacific railroads, when com-
pleted, will build up an interest right in the
center of that heretofore great unknown coun-
try, an empire that shall add to our wealth,
population, capital, and greatness, from a
source we never expected, and by 110 other
m,eans could we ever obtain.
•" Mr. PRICE. I promised several gentlemen
that if this joint resolution came, up to-day I
would make a motion to refer it to the Commit-
tee 011 the Pacific liailroad, and move the pre-
vious question on it.
Mr. VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is a
matter of too great importance to choke down
discussion, and I beg the gentleman from Iowa
not to press that motion.
Mr. PRICE. It will be for the House to
determine.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It will be
perceived that a large number of members
have already left the Hall, and there is hardly
a quorum present. 1 hope the gentleman will
take notice of that fact.
Mr. PRICE. I will say to the House that
the other side have had an hour and a quarter
to discuss this joint resolution, which has never
been printed. I therefore move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road ; and I move the previous question.
The question was put upon seconding the
previous question; and there were—ayes 54,
noes 31; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASUBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
being pending this joint resolution will be the
first thing in order after the reading of the
Journal to-morrow morning, if the House shall
now adjourn.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburne's
motion, and it was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees: .
By the SPEAKER: The petition of John
Elwell, of'Onawa, Iowa, on the state of the
currency.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: A memorial of the.
Board of Trade of Oswego, New York, asking
for favorable action upon the recommendations
of the department of engineers for the improve-
ment of Oswego harbor.
By Mr. FIELDS: The petition of J. G.
Olney and 37 others, citizens of Chenango
county. New York, asking that the rights of
citizenship be bestowed bylaw on the Indians,
including the right to own lands in fee, pro-
tecting their right as white peopleare protected,
and giving them the right to the courts for
an investigation into the conduct of military
officers toward Indians.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: The
remonstrance of sundry citizens of Connecticut
against the passage of a law requiring a tax-
stamp on cisars.
By Mr. JULIAN : A memorial of J. M.
Hutchings and J. C. Lamon, of California,
praying Congress to so amend the act of Con-
gress donating the Yosemite valley to the State
as to exempt their claims of one hundred and
sixty acres each, and allow the same under the
preemption laws.
Also, a memorial of the Protestant, Univer-
sity of the United States, asking a grant of land
for educational purposes.
Also, the petition of Abner Duncan, of Vir-
ginia, praying a pension for military services
m the war of 1812.
By Mr. PRUYN: The petition of C. II.
Adams and others, of Cohoes, New York,
urging 011 Congress a reduction of taxes.
Also, the remonstrance of Shields & Son
and GO others, cigar-makers, of the fourteenth
congressional district of New York, against
the bill requiring stamps to be affixed to
cigars.
Also, the remonstrance of John McCall and
60 otlu-rs. Lewis Eitzenger and 59 others,
cigar-makers, of the fourteenth congressional
district of New York, of similar import.
Also, the petition of J. W. Osborn and many
others, of Albany, New York, that the present
oppressive tax upon refined petroleum be re-
moved.
By Mr. ROBERTSON : The petition of H.
II. Irvineand 110 others, citizens of New York
city, praying for the removal of the special tax
of twenty cents per gallon upon refined petro-
leum, and that the necessary revenue be raised
upon articles of luxury.
By Mr. SPALDING: Thepetition ofsundry
insurance companies and insurance agents in
the city of Cleveland, Ohio, asking for the
passage of a law making premiums^ for insur-
ance a lien upon vessels in the admiralty.
By Mr. TAFFE: Thepetition of citizens ot
Otoe county, Nebraska, praying the repeai 01
