1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■1089
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. I hope
that this amendment will bo adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the following:
For paper for the public printing, $457,065.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to amend by striking
out in the paragraph just read the words "and
fifty-seven" and also the words "and sixty-
five," so as to make the paragraph read, "for
paper for the public printing, $400,000."
Mr. Chairman, it is due to the Committee
on Appropriations to state that these estimates
were submitted to the Committee on'Printing
before the bill was printed and met our ap-
proval, but a further examination has satisfied
as that it would be for the interest of the Gov-
ernment that the amendment I have suggested
should be adopted. For the_ purpose of satisfy-
ing the House of the propriety of the amend-
ment I ask the attention of every member to a
statement which I am about to make, which I
believe will interest every man here, especially
those who were members of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress. I have ascertained from the record
the cost of public printing for that Congress,
and compared it with the sum expended by pre-
vious Congresses. I desire to submit, in the
first place, a statement referring to the House
of Representatives solely, and next with refer-
ence to the congressional printing, printing
ordered by the Senate and House.
The amount paid for printing and for paper
for the House of Representatives for the fiscal
year 1859-60, when, I believe, the political
character of the House was somewhat divided
—mongrel, if you will allow me to use that
term-—was $665,210 95; the amount paid for
printing for the House of Representatives for
the fiscal year 1806-67 was $454,830 97; being
$200,870 98 less than the amount paid for
printing during the fiscal year 1859-60, when
we were upon a gold basis. Adding to the
cost of materials in 1859-60 the extra amount
called for by the cost of materials in 1866-67
we shall find that the cost of printing dur-
ing the fiscal year 1859-60 would have been
$882,865 57, or within $15,814 37 of just
double the amount paid for printing for the
House during the last fiscal year.
I have also taken Occasion to refer to the
expenses of congressional printing under the
different Administrations. Ihavegone back to
the time when the power of this Government
was in the hands of the party now in a minority
on this floor; and I call the attention of this
House, and especially my friends upon the other
side of the Chamber who are clamoring for
economy, to the statement I am about to make.
The amount paid for congressional printing
(Senate and House of Representatives) during
the Thirty-Third Congress, 1853-55, Linn Boyd,
Speaker, was $2,220,715; while during the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, 1865-67, Schuyler Col-
fax, Speaker, the amount paid for congressional
printing was $1,535,791 72—a difference of
§684,923 28 in favor of a Republican over a
Democratic administration. If we add to the
expense of the Thirty-Third Congress the extra
cost of material incurred by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, it would make the expense of print-
ing for the Thirty-Third Congress $3,880,251 25.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
oppose the amendment pro forma, merely for
the purpose of thanking the gentleman from
New York [Mr. LaflijtJ for his very interest-
ing and elaborate statement of the compara-
tive cost of congressional printing during the
last ten or fifteen years. I now yield to the
gentleman, that he may finish his statement.
Mr. LAFLIN. Thus it will be seen by the
statement I have just made that in one single
Congress in the item of printing alone there
was a saving by Republican economy over Dem-
ocratic extravagance of $2,350,459 53. And
in making this statement we have not taken
into account the increase growing out of the
war, the internal revenue, or of population. I
trust this amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was adopted.
■IOtti 2t> Skss.—Tsn. (>9.
The Clerk read as follows:
For lithographing and engraving for the Senate
and Hou?e of liepi esentiitivey, 835.000: Prnvuled,
That the female employes in the Government Print-
ing Office shall bo entitled to twenty per cent. addi-
tional upon their present pay, and the necessary
amount is hereby appropriated to pay the same.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to strike out the
proviso.
Mr. MUNGEN. I move to amend it before
it is stricken out.
- Mr. LAFLIN. I do not yield the floor for
that purpose. I wish to make a statement in
reference to it.
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to a point of order.
I understand a motion is made to strike out
the proviso. There may be something objec-
tionable in it. I wish to strike out a word
which will change its whole tenor. Is not my
amendment first in order?
The SPEAKER. It will not take the gen-
tleman from New York off the floor. If the
gentleman from Ohio moves his amendment
the vote will be taken first on perfecting the
proviso before the question is taken on strik-
ing it out.
Mr. LAFLIN. I rise to a point of order,
that this is independent legislation and is not
in order in an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. LAFLIN. I wish to say, in reference
to this paragraph, that we are now paying the
female employes of the Government Print-
ing Office at the rate of £1 GO per day, while
the same labor in Boston, New York, and, I
think, in Philadelphia, but I am not positive
about that, costs about five or six dollars per
week. This proposes to increase itthirty cents
per day, which would be §10 80 per week as
against five or six dollars in other cities. I
trust this proviso will be strickcn out. I sub-
mit this statement by authority.
Mr. KELSEY. Mr. Chairman, my judg-
ment is that this proviso simply does justice.
It provides a measure of justice as between the
male and female employes of the Government
Printing Office. Compositors receive four dol-
lars a day, while female employes receive §1 50.
These females are the widows of soldiers, and
have families of little children to support.
Almost every one of these employes performs*
labor that a few years ago was performed by a
man, and in many instances their services are
as valuable as those of the male employes.
Their expenses are almost as great as those of
the male employes, and the small compensation
they now receive, and the high prices of living,
are sufficient answers to the objection of my
colleague. If the female receive half as much
as the male employes, that, I presume, is a
proposition no gentleman will controvert.
Yet, sir, they are receiving less than that
amount at this moment. If I were not con-
cluded by the action of the Committee on
Appropriations I would move to increase it
instead of reducing it.
Mr. LAFLIN. My colleague undoubtedly
intended to bo right in the impression he would
convey to this House, but he is mistaken in
point of fact, for there is not one single female
employed in the Government Printing Office
who performs the work that men there per-
form ; not a single one.
Mr. KELSEY. My colleague misundertood
me. I said performed the work formerly per-
formed by men.
Mr. LAFLIN. And there is another point
I wish to impress upon the House, to show the
difference is still greater than I made it in my |
first statement, that while these female em- [
ploy§s are receiving this extra compensation
they only perform eight hours of labor per da3',
while the same employes in other cities per-
form ten hours of labor.
Mr. KELSEY. What is the expense of living
in other cities as compared with those here?
Mr. LAFLIN. I have never lived in any
of those cities, and I cannot answer the ques-
tion ; but I guaranty it is not forty or fifty per
cent, in excess of those here.
Mr. GRI8WOLD. Would it not be practi-
cable to reduce the number of employes and
increase the compensation of those who are
left? And I would like to know further how
the amount of work performed compares with
the amount of the same character performed
for private parties?
Mr. LAFLIN. Not having the practical
management of the Printing Office I am not
able to give as intelligent an answer to my col-
league's question as I would like. I will' say
this; that we have, I do not know how many,
applications for these places. I daresay we have
at least five to ten applications for the place of
every single female employed in the Printing
Office. We are besieged with applications to
take the places at the present priees, $1 50
per day.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MYERS. I hope the amendment of
my friend_ from New York [Mr.' I^afijm] will
not prevail. It is false economy. The labor-
ers, whether male or female, are worthy of
their hire ; and the only argument the gentle-
man from New York has adduced is, that they
can get the same class of employes in other
places at a less price. The gentleman who
interrupted him asked him whether the prices
prevailing elsewhere were the same as here.
Wages elsewhere do not range as high as here,
nor are rents and prices of living as high. My
friend says only five or six dollars per week are
paid in Philadelphia. They are therefore, if
we take such rates, to be paid an amount here
not more than sufficient to secure a bare living.
I know it is said by some that because thousands,
or, if you please, hundreds of thousands are out
of employment, those who are lucky enough to
have places must not be paid properly. Sir, I
am in favor of giving places to as many as can
properly be provided for and letting those peo-
ple be paid proper wages; and I scorn the argu-
ment that because others who for the time are
thrown out of employment are willing to take
their places at any price,.hoping to be paid bet-
ter hereafter, therefore we should listen to that
popular clamor. I am in favor of the provision
as it stands reported by the committee having
charge of it, and who no doubt have examined
the question; and 1 hope that the cry of econ-
omy will not induce us to fix an improper rate
of wages for those who are in the employ of the
Government.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask thegentleman how
much female laborers in Philadelphia get per
day?
Mr. MYEllS. I am unable, as I said before,
to answer that question. 1 have no similar em-
ployes in Philadelphia; but Idokuowthatthere
is scarcely an employ!, male or female, whose
wages have not been increased twenty per cent,
since the war. I am responsible for my vote:
and so far as my vote and action are concerned
I intend to give people a living everywhere.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the gentleman not
know that they do not get half the amount
allowed here?
Mr. MYERS. I do not, for I tell the gen-
tleman I have not been in that business. I
now yield to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Muxoex] for a question.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Chairman, Irhave tried
to get the floor to amend the proviso by striking
out the word "female." I am with the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, but with all due
respect for him, 1 think I am entitled to amend
and perfect the proviso that is proposed to be
stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so rules, but
at the same time the gentleman cannot take
the gentleman from Pennsylvania off the floor
by offering the amendment. Does the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania yield for that purpose?
Mr. MYERS. I do.
Mr. MUNGEN. I move, then, to strike out,
the word "female" in the proviso. I wish
merely to say this: that there are male em-
ployes in the Printing Office who are at work
from nine o'clock in the morning till eight at
night, and while we are willing, it seems, to
vote additional pay to others, and \ understand
the Committee on Appropriations are willing
