1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
to continue the same additionally to these
employes, owing to the extraordinary price of
living here, I hope the amendment I propose
will be adopted, so as to bring all the employes
in the Government Printing Office under the
same rule.
[Here the hammer fell. J : ■
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee rise for the- purpose of
closing debate on this paragraph.
Mr. SPALDING-. I hope not'; I want to
say a word.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. • I will 'al-
low the gentleman five minutes when we again
go into Committee of the Whole.
- The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SPALDIN Gr. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
say to the committee that these females in theB
printing department are the. poorest paid of
any female -employes in any department in the
city. We have raised the wages of the females
in the Executive Departments. All those who
work on salaries receive $900 a year. These
employes in the printing department reccive
only about four hundred 4nd fifty dollars a
year. It is proposed in this bill to raise the
pay of this class twenty per cent. Now, what
man on this floor will object to that? It is
only proposed to increase the pay twenty per
cent, on about four hundred and fifty dollars
a year. I say, sir, we are bound in justice
to do it if we keep up the pay of the other
employes to $900 a year. This is all I have
to say.
The question was taken on the amendment
to the amendment proposed by Mr. Mungeit,
and it was disagreed to —ayes four, noes not
counted.
The question recurred on Mr. Laflin's
amendment.
Mr. ELA. I want to say a single word, and
for that purpose I move to strike out in line
two hundred and three;the word "twenty"
and insert "thirty" in lieu thereof. If any
gentlemen will take the trouble to look over
the report of the Congressional Printer, they
will find that where male workmen get four
dollars a day the female employes get but
$1 50 a day. I simply rise for the purpose of
saying that I hope there will be one place within
the United States where women will get about
half as much as men do for the same service
for a similar length of time.
Mr. LAFLIN. I want the House to under-
stand perfectly this proposition. According
to the present plan of payment at the Public
Printing Office, the female employes for eight
hours' labor receive nine dollars per week, or
thirty-nine dollars per month. Now, if this
twenty per cent is added we will pay them ten
dollars and eighty cents per week : and if we
take into consideration the fact that they labor
only eight hours instead of ten hours, as simi-
lar laborers do in other cities whose wages I
have stated, we will find that we will be paying
our female employes fourteen dollars and ten
cents per week, as against five and a half and
six dollars paid in other cities. ]Now, if the
House is prepared to do this, do it for the
sake of charity, but do not do it in the interest
of the public service.
Mr. MYERS. I would ask the gentleman
to state how much of the five dollars would be
left over after paying the expenses of a family.
Mr. LAFLIN. Well, that is certainly a very
strange question for the gentleman to put, and
I will put the same question in arithmetic to
him. The expenses of living of a family de-
pend a great deal upon their habits, and it is
perfectly impossible for me to answer his ques-
10Mr. MYERS. If the gentleman puts the
same question to me I will answer that I am
not in favor of reducing the amount of com-
pensation below that upon which these poor
females can live with proper economy.
Mr. ELA. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to add one per cent.,
and I do it merely for the purpose of making
a single remark. I do not desire to discuss
the comparative value of labor here and else-
where, but I wish merely to say that after the
gentleman froAi New York [Mr. Lafmn] lias
succeeded in reducing the appropriations for
the public printing in this bill • $57,000, and
more on the amount reported by the . com-
mittee, I think it comes with rather bad taste
from him to attempt a further reduction on
the poor girls that work in the printing office.
Now, sir, the Committee on Appropriations,
who certainly have no desire to^ appropriate
more than the law requires, as this House has
had assurance, have provided in this bill
although they did not ill reference to any-
body else—that this class of laborers in the
Public Printing Office shall be entitled to
twenty per cent, additional pay, and I hope
the House will give it to tlicm. I am not a
printer myself nor a type-setter, but I know
that it is very hard labor and a kind of labor
that the gentleman knows,cannot be found
everywhere. You cannot pick up boys and
girls in the streets that can set type or per-
form the other duties and labors in a printing
office. The gentleman knows that very well,
being a practical printer. I say, therefore,
that they are entitled to this twenty per cent,
additional pay, and I hope it will be given to
them.
Mr. LAFLIN. The gentleman from Illinois
is entirely mistaken with reference to the effect
of this amendment of mine. I do not propose
by it to reduce the pay of these female em-
ployes, but only to prevent a further increase.
Mr. LOGAN. You misunderstood me. I
say that your amendment does propose to re-
duce the appropriations reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. LAFLIN. There is another thing I
wish to correct the gentleman about. lie re-
fers to the fact that it requires skilled labor to
set type, and therefore he says skilled labor
should be paid a remunerative price. That
will be a most excellent argument in favor of
the proposition of the gentleman if he will
point me to a single female eroploy6 in the
Government Printing Office that sets any type.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I oppose
the amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Logan,]
and I desire to say that 1 am -opposed to this
proviso and hope it will be stricken out. _ Un-
like my colleague, who says he is not a printer,
I am, and instead of thirty-nine dollars a month
1 worked for twenty-five dollars a year and
considered myself well paid. [Laughter.]
The question was taken on Mr. Logan's
amendment to the amendment, and it was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Laflin to strike out the proviso.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the proviso, before the question is taken on
the motion to strike out, by striking out the
words "twenty per centum additional upon
their present pay" and inserting in lieu thereof
"the same compensation that males receive
for the same kind of labor." I want to ask
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Laflin]
what kind of labor these females perform ?
Mr. LAFLIN. 1 will answer the gentleman.
It is called in printing parlance "stitching,
binding, and feeding."
Mr. FARNSWOliTH. Are not males em-
ployed for similar labor?
Mr. LAFLIN. No, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not at all?
Mr. LAFLIN. Not at all. Females per-
form no labor that the males perform.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I withdraw
my amendment to the proviso.
Mr. IvELSEY. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "twenty" and inserting "twenty-five"
before "per cent."
Mr. RAUM. Will the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kklsey] yield to- me for a ques-
tion;?
Mr. KELSEY. Certainly.
Mr. RAUM. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether, by the adoption of this proviso, the
per diem of these employes would be fixed by
law 1 I would call the attention of the gentle-
man to the fact that the Superintendent ot
Public Printing has the control of this matter.
Mr. KELSEY. I suppose it would not be
fixed. .
Mr. RAUM. Then how is it possible for
this1 proviso to affect the .pay of these persons
unless the law is changed so as to provide a
fixed c6mpensation for these females ?
Mr. KELSEY- The adoption of this pro-
viso would fix their compensation so far as to
add twenty per cent, to their present pay, and
to that extent it -would be fixed by law.
But tlfe purpose I had in moving this amend-
ment was to state that these female employes do
not perform the labor suggested by my col-
league, [Mr. Lafmx. ] He refers, when speak-
ing of " stitching and bindiug," to the female
employes in the bindery. Those employes re-
ceive eleven dollars per week, which is moro
than these printing employes would receive,
even with this proposed increase. The twenty
per cent, additional would not quite bring their
pay up to. eleven dollars per week. Yet their
expenses are the same. As I have already-
remarked, many of these females have families
to provide for and support. I have ascertained
by inquiry that ordinarily they pay for their
board alone more than half of the compensa-
tion they now receiye. They have to pay five
dollars per week for board, and support those
besides who depend upon them. • I withdraw
my amendment to the proviso.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Laflijt, to strike out the proviso.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following clause having been read :
' For three assistant librarians at SI,800 each, $5,400.
Mr. WOODBRIDOE, said: I move to
amend the paragraph relating to the "compen-
sation of librarian'' by striking out " $2,160'
and inserting " $2,592."
The CHAIRMAN., That, amendment is not
now in order except by unanimous consent, ths
Clerk having read the following paragraph.
Mr. WOOI)BRIDGE. Then I ask unani-
mous consent to move the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Then I move to
amend the pending paragraph, .in relation to
the assistant librarians, so as to make their
compensation $2,160 each.
The question was upon the amendment moved
by Mr. Woodbmdoe.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This
amendment raises the same question of in-
crease of compensation that was raised by the
amendments which have been made *) the
paragraphs relating to the compensation of the
clerks and employes of the Senate and House
of Representatives. I shall not oppose the
amendment now, as we can have a vote upon
it in the House; but it only shows how far the
principle involved in the amendments already
made will lead us.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. My amendment will
only make this item conform to the existing
law and to the appropriation of last jear. We
have established the principle in relation to
the pay of the employes of the House and
Senate, so far as the action of this Committee
of the Whole is concerned, and I hope the
same principle will be carried out here.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Woodbkidge]
consider the Librarian of Congress as coming
within the existing law touching our own
employes?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I do, for the simple
reason that in the appropriation bill of last
year the same proportionate addition was made
to the compensation of those employed in the
Congressional Library that was made to the
compensation of the employes of the House.
They were then paid twenty per cent extra,
which was the same amount extra that, was
voted to the employes of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
, entirely a different matter. Ths gentleman's
