56
SUPPLEMENT TO
of authority of which you have spoken, and let
it lie read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Executive DEPARTMENI%
Washington, December 2,1867.
, Whereas a vacancy has occurred in the office of
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury of the United
Stat;?<!,iu purstiaiico of the authority vested in me by
the first sction of the act ot Congress approved Feb-
ruary 13,17'Jo, entitled "An act to amend the act
entitled' An act making alterations in the Treasury
and War Departments.' " Edmund Cooper is hereby
'authorised to perform the duties of Assistant Secre-
tary of the Treasury un til a successor be appointed
or fcuch vacancy bo filled.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. How did Mr. Chandler get out of
office?
Answer. He resigned.
Question. Have you a copy of liig resignation ?
Answer, i have not with me.
Question. Can.you state from memory (if it
is not objected to) at what time his resignation
took effect?
Answer. I cannot. I think it was a day or
two before this appointment or this authority
was given to Mr. Cooper.
Question. Will you have the kindness to pro-
duce a copy of his resignation after you leave
the stand ?
Answer. I will try to do so.
Cross-examined by Mr. Curtis:
Question. Can you iix the date when the
change in the form of permanent appoint-
ments of which you have spoken first oc-
curred V
Answer. I think it was about four days after
the passage of the tenure-of-ofiice act.
Question. With what conlidence do you
speak V Do you speak from any recollection ?
Answer. We obtained an opinion from the
Solicitor of the Treasury on the subject. It
was given on the Gth, and from that day we
followed his opinion.
Question. Then you would fix the date as
the Olh of what month ?
Answer. The Oth of March, 1867.
Hon. BuhtVax IIorst sworn and examined.
By Mr. Manager Buti.eii:
Question. Will you state whether you were
present at the War Depaitnrent when Major
General Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant General of
the United States, was there to make demand
for I lie olUee, property, books, and records?
Answer. 1 was.
Question. Whim was it?
yljisirer. It was on Saturday, the 22d of Feb-
ruary, 18(18, 1 believe.
Question. About what, time in the day?
Answer. Perhaps a few minutes after eleven
o'clock.
Question. Who were present,?
Answer. General Charles M. Van Wyek, of
New York; General G. M. Dodge, of iowa;
Hon. Freeman Clarke, of New York ; lion.
J. K. Moorhead, of Pennsylvania; Hon.
Columbus Delano, of Ohio; lion. W. D.
Iveliey, of Pennsylvania; lion. Thomas W.
Ferry, of Michigan, and myself. The Secre-
tary of War, Mr. Stanton, and his son were
also present.
Question. Please state what took place.
Answer. The gentlemen mentioned and my-
self were in the office the Secretary of War
usually occupies holding conveisation ; Gen-
eral '1 homas came in; I saw him coming fioin
the Piesident's ; he came into the building and
came lip stairs, and came into the Secretary's
room first; he said, "Good morning, Mr.
Secretary, and good morning gentlemen;"
the Secietary replied, "Good morning," and
1 believe wo all did ; then began this conversa-
tion as follows: [Referring to a printed docu-
ment.] "I am Secretary of War ad interim,
and am ordered by the President of the United
Slates to take charge of the oflice;" Mr. Stan-
ton then replied, "i order you to repair to your
room and exercise your functions as Adjutant
General of the Army:" Mr. Thomas replied
to this. "1 am Secretary of War ad interim,
and 1 shall not obey your orders; but 1 shall
obey the orders of the President, who lias
ordered me to take charge of the War Office
Mr. Stanton replied to this as follows, "As
Secretary of War I order you to repair to your
place as Adjutant General;" Mr. Thoraas re-
plied, "I shall not do so;" Mr. Stanton then
said in reply, "Then you may stand there if
you please," pointing to Mr. Thomas, "but
you cannot act as Secretary of War; if you do,
you do so at your peril;" Mr. Thomas replied
to this, "I shall act as Secretary of War;"
this was the conversation, I may say, in the
Secretary's room.
Question. What happened then?
Answer. After that they went to the room
of General Schriver, which is just across the
hall, opposite the Secretary's room.
Question. Who went first?
Answer. I think, if I remember aright, that
General Thomas went first, and was holding
some conveisation with General Schriver,
which I did not hear. He was followed by
Mr. Stanton, by General Moorhead, by Gen-
eral Ferry, and then by myself. Some little
conversation was had there, which I did not
hear; bat after I got into the room, which was
but a moment after thoy went in, however, Mr.
Stanton addressed Mr. Thomas as follows,
which I concluded was the summing up of the
conversation had before 
Mr. CURTIS. No matter about that.
The Witness. Mr. Stanton then said, "Then
you claim to he here as Secretary of War and
refuse to obey my orders ?'' Mr. Thomas said,
"1 do, sir; I shall require the mails of the
War Department to be delivered to me, and
shall transact all the business of the War De-
partment." That is the substance of the con-
versation which I heard, and, in fact, the con-
versation as I heard it entirely.
By Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. Did you make auy memorandum
of it afterward ?
Answer. I made it at the time. I had my
memorandum in my hand. When the con-
versation began I had paper and pencil and
wrote it down as the conversation occurred,
and after the conversation ended I drew it up
from my pencil sketches in writing immediately
in the oflice in the presence of the gentlemen
who heard it.
Question. What was done after that? Where
did Thomas go?
Answer. It was then after eleven o'clock,
and my duties and the duties of the rest of us
called us here to the House, and I left General
Thomas in the room of General Schriver.
Cross-examined by Mr. Stanbeuy :
Question. Will you please state what was
your business in the War Department on that
morning?
Answer. Well, sir, I went there that morn-
ing, 1 suppose, as other gentlemen did ; at
least, 1 went there for the purpose of visiting
the Secretary. 1 had no special public busi-
ness.
Question. Was there no object in the visit,
except merely to see him ?
Answer. Yes, sir; I had an object. The
times were rather exciting at that moment, and
1 went, as much as anything else, to talk with
the Secretary, to confer with him about public
affairs.
Question. Public affairs generally ?
Answer. No, not public business particu-
lai ly.
Question. What public affairs were the object
of the conference?
Answer. Well, sir, the matter of the removal
of Mr. Stanton. 1 felt an interest in that mat-
ter, and of course was talking with him upon
that subject.
Question. Did you go with these other gen-
tlemen whom you found there, or did you go
there alone?
Answer. 1 think I did go in company with
one or two of them.
Question. With whom did you go in com-
pany ?
Ausizer. I think I went with Mr. Clarke, of
New York, and General Van Wyck. I am not
certain that any others were with me.
Question. When you arrived at his room what
was the hour?
Answer. It was a little before eleven o'clock.
Question. Whom did you find there when
you arrived? These other gentlemen whom
you have mentioned?
Answer. Not all of them.
Question. Who were there when you arrived?
Answer. I think General Moorhead was there
for, one ; I think Mr. Ferry was there ; I think
Mr. Delano was there. Two or three others
came in after I got there.
Question. Do you know what their business
was in the oflice that morning ?
Anstccr. No, sir.
Question. Did they state any business?
Answer. No, sir; flieystatedno business tome.
Question. All being there, the next thing
was that General Thomas came into the room ?
Answer. After we had been there some
moments.
Question. You say that when that conversa-
tion began between General Thomas and the
Secretary yon were ready to take notes ?
Answer. I appeared to be ready. Iliad a
large white envelope in my pocket, and I had
a pencil also in my pocket; and when the con-
versation began it seemed to me that it might
be well to note what was said.
Question. Are you in the habit, generally,
in conversations of that kind, of making mem-
oranda of what is said?
Ansiver. I do not know that 1 am, unless I
deem it important to do so.
Question. Did any one request you take
memoranda?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. It was on your own motion?
Answer. On my own responsibility, sup-
posing I had a perfect right to do so.
Question. U ndoubtedly. After the conver-
sation was ended in the room with the Secre-
tary, General Thomas, as I understand you,
went out first?
Answer. I think he did ; he went across the
hall.
Question. Who went with the Secretary from
his room across the hall to where General
Thomas had gone?
Answer. I am not aware that any one went
directly with him, but immediately after him,
if not with him, General Moorhead and Mr.
Ferry.
Question. How long after General Thomas
had left the office was it that the Secretary of
War followed him ?
Answer. But a moment or two; perhaps two
minutes.
Question. Did he state, when he left, what
was his object?
Answer. I do not recollect that the Secretary
stated anything. General Thomas was in the
room talking.
Question. Did he request any gentleman to
go along with him?
Answer. Not that I am aware of.
Question. Did you go upon your ownmotion,
or by agreement?
Answer, I went upon my own motion.
Question. All that were there did not go ?
Answer. I do not think they all went in. I
think they did not all go in at that time. The
two gentlemen named, I know, went in before
me.
Question. How long after the Secretary went
did you go?
Answer. Perhaps it was a minute. It was
very soon. I followed the other two gentlemen
very soon.
Question. What had taken place between
the Secretary and General Thomas before jou
arrived in the room, or had anything?
Answer. I cannot say. They had some con-
versation; I cannot say what was said.
Question. As you have given the conver-
sation in your notes, it would seem as if it
then began after you first got in ?
Ansiver. The conversation I have given be-
gan after I got in. As I said before, I heard
some talking; but I do not know what was
said.
