4162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July
agreed to; there being on a division—ayes 23,
noes 9.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to move a verbal
amendment, to which I think there will be no
objection; to insert the word "extension" after
the word "preservation;" so as to read "for
the repair, preservation, extension, and com-
pletion of certain public works," ifcc. There
is an instance or two where, in order to pre-
serve the work, it may be necessary to make
an extension of a breakwater, and to avoid
technical objections I move the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed'to.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. HARLAN. On that question 1 call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to state distinctly
that J vote against this amendment, because I
wish the consideration of the river and harbor
bill at this session of Congress, if there are
items in that bill as it eaine to the Senate from
the House of Representatives that ought not
to be concurred in by the Senate, as was inti-
mated by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton.] in my opinion it is the duty ol this
body to strike them down, if theie are improve-
ments suggested there that are not national in
their character and that ought to be made by
the national Government, it is the duty of the
Senate and ot the House of Representatives to
refuse appropriations for such items. But
there are items of great, national importance
that ought notto be permitted to Miffer. Why,
Mr. President, it is estimated b}' those who
are conversant with the subject, much more so
than, f ,am, that the property afloat on the
Mississippi river and its tributaries in a single
year would amount te $5,000,000,000. rfhe
whole commerce of the United States with
foreign countries cannot exceed $900,000,000,
so that the property afloat on those waters for a
single year will exceed our whole external com-
ineicequitefivefold. There are improvements
on that river and its tributaries that are badly
needed. We aie land-locked. When com-
merce is obstructed on that river and its trib-
utaries, we are compelled to retort to rail-
roads for our communication both with the
Atlantic and with the South ; and whenever
the price ot produce advances, as it does some-
times in New York and in the eastern cities,
those who control railroad capital have the
means of combination by which they put up
freights, so that this advance never results to
the advantage of_ the producer in the great
valley of the Mississippi river.
We submitted to this during the progress
of the war; wo were willing to sillier this
loss ; we were willing to live on our crust of
bread until the battle was fought ; but now
that peace has come, if it is now necessary to
appropriate a few million dollars to remove
these obstructions the people of the country,
as it seems to me, will demand it.
It is said that the river and harbor bill as it
came from the House of Representatives pro-
poses to appropriate six or seven million dol-
lais. Well, this, Mr. President, is a mere
drop in the bucket. We have it on authority
that I deem reliable that the British Govern-
ment have advanced and secured investments
in internal improvements in her East India
possessions since the beginning of our civil
war amounting in the aggregate to nearly four
hundred million dollars. They have done this
for the purpose of opening up a great agri-
cultural country in order that they may avail
themselves of the advantage of those exhaust-
less resources. We have a country equally
rich, a country equally productive; and if it
should cost six or seven million dollars to open
it up and to give us the best means of com-
munication with the trade of the world that is
available, it seems to me to be the duty of the
Senate to acquiesce in the proposition of the
House of Representatives and make the ap-
propiiation ; but I have no doubt the amount
may be with great propriety reduced Very
greatly. I therefore hope that every friend
of the improvement of the rivers and harbors
may vote against this appropriation with a view
of securing action on the proper bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I am, 1 suppose, quite as
deeply interested on account of the people
whom 1 represent, and of their neighbors all
through the valley of the Mississippi, in the
improvement of the Mississippi river and other
streams there as the honorable Senator from
Iowa ; but I am compelled to take a different
course from him in regard to this matter. 1
am perfectly satisfied that no bill embodying
appropriations for general improvements can
be got through at this session of Congress.
I am perfectly satisfied that those improve-
ments will be just as well made under appro-
priations obtained at, the next session as now.
1 think it is the part of wisdom to look after
those improvements which have been begun,
to make provision for their preservation, or for
their prosecution to a point of completion, and
go deliberately to work at the other bill when
we come together again in December. I state
this as my reason for differing from the hon-
oiable Senator from Iowa on this subject, not
consenting for a moment to be thought below
him or behind him in interest in the general
subject of the improvement of our rivers and
harbors.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object?'?} tolo to being
placed in the list of enemies to river and harbor
appropriations. There is nota member of the
Committee on Commerce who is not an earnest
friend ot river and harbor appropriations. This
bill came to us on the same day that a resolu-
tion to adjourn in two weeks came to us from
the other House. A large proportion of the
committee have spent five or six days upon the
bill ; and on the whole, as friends to river and
harborimprovements, they have recommended
this as the very best measure that they could rec-
ommend. Now, sir, I hope that every friend
of river and harbor improvements will vote
for this amendment, and that every enemy of
river and harbor improvements will vote
against it. That is what I hope and expect
and believe.
Mr. MO R 1"ON. Mr. President, before the
recess in the course of a few remarks I said
that sectional discussions were vastly unim-
portani, and that I took no stock in them. Ou
rellection 1 think I ought not to have made
that remark, as it might seem disrespectful to
two distinguished Senators for whom I enter-
tain the highest respect; therefore I make this
statement.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President I am somewhat
astonished that the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Commerce should think that the
Treasury could spare any money for the im-
provement of rivers and harbors. It seems to
me that he is beginning to adopt a very false
political economy. Why, sir, how can any
money be spared from file 'Treasury that is
flowingtoward the Freedmen's Bureau ? Why,
sir, can livers and haibors measure swords
with the Freedmen's Bureau? Is the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors a snbjcet for legis-
lative appropriation of money and to command
the enterprise and the enlightened policy of
the Government, when the Freedmen't, Bureau
and the reconstruction laws and the standing
Army of the United States require every cent,
and more than every cent, that can be wrung
from the hard-taxed people of the United
States? My honorable friend has not taken a
very deep and phi'iosopical view of this sub-
ject. . It he had he never would have thought
of acting with the temerity, the wastefulness, of
asking a few hundred thousand dollars to im-
prove the great rivers of the West and the
harbors of the lakes and other harbors upon
the Atlantic coast. It is strange that a political
economist should ask Congress to appropriate
money to the amount of SI,000,000 to those
trivial objects, when the Freedmen's Bureau
and the reconstruction laws and the standing
Array thatis to be maintained for another year
in order to enable the southern people to be
completely subjugated and to be driven fromthe
polls at the ensuing elections, and not have tlis
meager and hard chances that your reconstruc-
tion laws even allow them 1 Why, my honor-
able friend from Michigan I must suppose
upon second sober thought will take a much
sounder view on this subject.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky will allow me, I will say
that I think that whole subject has been set-
tled since the nomination of Blair and Seymour
in New York ; and I have not taken it into
consideration at all. [Laughter.]
Mx\ DAVIS. Well, sir, tlie honorable Sena-
tor is not so deliberate and so comprehensive in
his surveys of such subjects as I had taken him
to be. I suppose, though, that he will improve
with the course of time. In this time of party
activity, when the presidential canvass is loom-
ing up in all its vast proportions, and men are
looking East and North and South, and they
do not know what is to befall them in the for-
tunes of party either North or South, the idea
of diverting a million of money to cleaning out
rivers and haibors seems remarkable when
it is necessary to appropriate a much larger
sum to meet the imperative demands of the
party in the Freedmen's Bureau, and the
reconstruction acts, and the maintenance of
the Army at its present number of some sixty
thousand, capable of being filled up to one
hundred and six thousand. All these demands
would require vastly more money than the
Treasury of the United States can stand, and
it cannot bo dreamed of by the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan that the trivial subject of
the improvement of rivers and harbors shall
be brought into competition at all with the
great national party objects to which I have
adverted!
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I desire to
say a single word in regard to the remarks of
the Senator from Kentucky about the standing
Army and the support of the reconstruction
policy. The Army to day numbers fifty-three
thousand men ; twenty-one hundied men are
stationed here in this District. In nine of the
rebel States there are less than fourteen thou-
sand, and in 'Texas there are filly-four hun-
dred, most ot them on the frontiers taking caro
ot the Indians ; so that there are only nineteen
thousand men in all the States lately in rebel-
lion, and at least four or five thousand of them
are used on the frontiers to take caro of the
Indians. 'The rest of the Army is stationed in
other parts of the country. There are fifteen
or twenty thousand in the Indian country and
on the plains.
A word now in regard to the cost of the
Army. It was stated here the ot,h*;r day that
the Army cost $l:>3,000,00t> last year. To
make up that amount there were included
§132,000,000 paid for bounties, $0,250,000 paid
to the States tor balances due them on account
of advances during the war, and between five
and six million claims for damages on the Gov-
ernment growing out of the war; 100,000
expenses of the Freedmen's Bureau, and nearly
twenty million dollars expenses of the Indian
war, incurred mostly the year before, bringing
the expenses of the Army last year down prop-
erly to $00,000,000.
It is estimated that tills year, with the pres-
ent Army, unless we have an Indian war, the
expenses can be brought down to §10,000,000,
and we propose to reduce the Army a few
thousand men, and expect to do it before we
adjourn There are no more troops stationed
n the Stages ately in rebellion, in proportion
to their population, than would make about a
lair average ot the population of the United
otales, ami it does not cost half as much to
Keep the troops there as it does the troops that
are out on the railway lines, and especially the
roops that are in Arizona, New Mexico, and
unit section ol country where it costs so much
to teed and move them.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
to state that there are about two thousand of
the regular Army stationed in this District:
that there are about fourteen thousand in the
