1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4163
rebel States, to use the term of the honorable
Senator, and, did I understand him to say, in
addition to that, about five thousand in Texas ?
Mr. WILSON". Yes, sir ; I will state it ex-
actly. There are two thousand one hundred
troops stationed in this District; in the State
of Virginia, the first military district, there are
two thousand four hundred and ninety-seven ;
in the second military district, consisting of the
States of North and South Carolina, two thou-
sand seven hundred and seventy-nine ; in the
third military district, consisting of the States
of Florida, Georgia, and Albania, three thou-
sand four hundred and fourty-four; in the
fourth military district, consisting of Arkansas
and Mississippi, three thousand one hundred
and fifteen; in the State of Louisiana, two
thousand and twenty-two; and in the State of
Texas, five thousand four hundred. Most of
the troops in Texas are stationed on the frontier.
Mr. DA.VIS. What is the aggregate?
Sir. WILSON. The aggregate in all the
ten rebel States, including those on the fron-
tiers of Texas, most of them beyond the hab-
itable portions of the State, is nineteen thou-
sand six hundred and thirteen men oat of our
fifty-three thousand.
Mr. DAVIS. There ought not to be the
half or the fourth of that number of men in
those States, in my opinion. There is no need
for any honest or patriotic purpose to maintain
such a force in those ten States. Those men
ought to have been disbanded long ago. So
in relation to the force in this District, about
twenty-one hundred men, I understand the
honorable Senator. It is double the number
of soldiers that ought to be in this District.
A thousand men to garrison the forts in the
District would be the utmost that would be
needed, and three fourths of the men in the
southern States ought to have been withdrawn
from there long ago. This army exists only
for the purposes of oppression; it is not required
for an}' just or proper object of Government.
There is no disguising that proposition.
Mr. President, the policy of our republican
empire is peace, not war. The object of our
Government is not national strength alone, but
it is liberty in the first place, and only enough
strength and force to protect the country. If
a proper regard to the great objects of our
scheme of Government had been adhered to
in the policy of the party in power, this army
last year, instead of costing $116,000,000, inde-
pendent of the bounties, would have cost not
more than one third of that amount. I have
not gone over the figures; I have not exam-
ined "the documents with a view to ascertain;
though the honorable Senator from Indiana
[Mr. IIexduicksJ did some weeks since, and
he presented to tlio Senate the figures, and
showed that the cost of the Army proper last
year was upward of ninety-six million dollars.
There is no necessity for any soldiers in the
southern States except a few troops to garrison
tlie different fortresses, and to take charge of
them to prevent them from going to waste and
dilapidation. There is no need for the mainte- ,
nance of a solitary soldier in the southern States i
to keep the people of thoseStatesina condition j
of subjection, of peace, and perfect obedience |
to the Government. The ground on which an j
army of some twenty thousand men is kept J
there is a mere pretext. It was a short time i
since much more than twenty thousand. The 1
keeping of an army of that strength in the 1
soutnem States is tor no other purpose than to
enslave those States to the negroes, and to j
enable the Freed men's Bureau and the military
satraps there to control the popular elections j
in those States. |
Sii. I am doing what little I can to bring the |
attention of the country to this great abuse, j
It is a great abuse. The idea of a standing j
army in time of* peace is utterly hostile and !
aiien to our system of government. The spirit
('our imperial .Republic is peace. We have .
had peace, so far as the shock of arms is in-
volved, lor the la«t three years, perfect peace; ;
and the idea of keeping tip this aimy to con-
summateand complete the work of thesappres- ll
sion of'the rebellion is altogether a pretext.
If gentlemen want money, if they want the
resource to raise the means to apply money
to cleaning out the rivers and harbors, the
resource is at hand ; they have only to stretch
forth their hand and seize upon it; and that
is to disband one half of the Army : to with-
draw the troops from the southern States ; to
repeal the Freedmen's Bureau. Do this, and
the Treasury will have a surplus immediately
of $50,000,000, and all the sums necessary to
be appropriated to works of a national charac-
ter, in the nature of internal improvements,
will be at hand.
But, Mr. President, the play is to be com-
pleted. It is to be enacted to its last final and
closing scene. We shall not see the diminu-
tion of this Army this side of the next presi-
dential election. There may be promises,
delusive promises held out to the country and
to the people, that such reduction is to take
place ; but it is not going to take place. The
Freedmen's Bureau, a corrupt piece of polit-
ical machinery, will not eome to a close this
side of the next presidential election. It was
devised for purposes of party political ma-
chinery, and it will be retained with a view to
those objects, and it will lie maintained until
the next presidential contest is decided. Gen-
tlemen might as well confess the truth of the
case. There is no necessity for any protesta-
tions or denials to conceal the real purpose for
the maintenance of the Freedmen's Bureau,
the standing Army, and the enforcement of the
reconstruction acts. It all resolves itself into
a question of party political power and nothing
else.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Ciiaxdlku,] as amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 1 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattcll, Chandler, Couklint-, Coi-
bett, Crainn, Doclittle, Iirake, Feriy, 1 Y:-.--.nclcn,
i'relin^buy^en, flowaid, Howe, Atelloiiald, Aloifom,
Morrill ot Maine, iforiill of Vermonl, Kye, C-born,
Kainsev. Ito&s, Snracme, Sumner, 'iipWni, Trumbull,
Wade. Welch, Will,:/, Williams, ami Wilson—JU.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Comics, flnrlan, Poiaeroy,
Tbavor. Van Winkle, and A lukers—T.
ABSfi±sTT — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bavard,
Buckalew, Cameron, Davis, Dixon, Kdmunds, Fow-
ler, Giames, Harris, Henderson, Ifcndneks, Kellogg,
ifeCreery, Morton, Xorton, Pal tcrson ot New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of Tenne^ee, Pool, ltiee.Saulsbury,
Sherman, Stewart, Whyte, and Yates—26.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following
amendment, to come m as ail additional sec-
tion :
And be it farther enacted, That all laws making aa
appropriation for the paynor't of salilriesof ihe :-oli-
citor, assistant solicitor, and deputy solicitor of the
Court of Claims, and ot the Assistant, Al I ev Uen-
era', lor tho fiscal year endu;£ June -to, i^'jO, be, and
the same a,re hereby, lepealed; and that there be,
and is hereby, apinopriatcd oat of any money in the
'1 rca.-ury not otherwise aw lopuated, foi thesalanes
ot two Assistant Attorneys General, one cleik, and
two clerks of ela^s four, for the riseai year ending
June ot), ISO1,!, 1, '.'JO. And tor the payment of judg-
ments rendered by tlie Couit of Claiuis m i.ivoiM'f
claimants during tho fiscal year ending June 3').
18(W, in addition to the sum already appropriated,
$31)0,000.
I will state to the Senate, if it is necessary,
the reason for the first part of the amendment.
Wc passed law at the present session 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That amend-
ment embraces two propositions, does it not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. You can
divide it if you wish to do so. I pre-ume that
the Senate understand the first pioposkion. I j
will state that we passed a law on tho 2uth ot 1
June last, the fifth section of which reads as \
follows: ]
" Six'.A rJ' fvrtl rr<"?nrfcfl, That from and after !
the 1st, day of July, ]■ v tho Attorney General ot the :
ITnitedSiaies tor tho time betagshail.with his assist- \
ants, attend to the lv.osecution and defence of all !
matters and Mtits in the Conrt of Claims on behalf of i
the United States, Tticre shall be appointed by the .
President, by and with fae advice and. consent of
tlie Senate, two Assistant Attorney^ General, who j
shall hold their ollices for tour years icsaeetively, j
ir.iU'.— sooner lav. lui iy removed, and whose . alaries i
shall bo if.1100 each per year, payable vim terly, ,
and uho j-hali bo in lieu of the Moieuov. ;'--ls!aut j
bolitaior, a ad deputy solicitor of (he s 'oult ot Cia lla-, !
and oi tho Assistant Attorney General now provided I
for by law: and the existing officss of solicitor, assist-
ant solicitor, and deputy solicitor, of the Court of
Claims, and ofAssfstantAttorney General, are hereby
abolished from and after the 1st da ? ot* July, 1868.
The Attorney General shall have power to appoint
two additional clerks ot the fourth class, and one
clerk at a salary not exceeding.$2,000, in his office."
It will be perceived that this section of the
law abolishes the office of Assistant Attorney
General, and also the offices of solicitor, assist-
ant solicitor, and deputy solicitor of the Court
of Claims, and substitutes in their places two
Assistant Attorneys General, one clerk with a
salary of $'2,000, and two clerks of class four,
and makes it the duty of the Attorney General
to attend to the business of the Court of Claims,
I will state to the chairman of the committee that
it reduces the expenses a little. The salaries '
of the solicitors were §200 more than the sal-
aries of these officers created by this act. "We
passed the regular appropriation bill before we
had knowledge of the fact of the passage of
this law, and an appropriation was made in
that bill for those solicitors of the Court of
Claims, whose offices are now'abolished, and
also for the Assistant Attorney General, whose
office is abolished. This is to pay the salaries
of the new officers provided by law. The
exact sum specified in the law for the salaries
of these officers will be found in the amend-
ment. That is the first part of the amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is my un-
derstanding of it. "
Mr. TRUMBULL. The other portion of
the amendment arises, also, out of the action
of Congress at its present session. In an ap-
propriation bill which passed some days ago
and is now a law, $125,OtK) was appropriated
for the payment of judgments to be rendered
by the Court of Claims during the presentyear.
The estimate was §500,000, but only $125,000
was appropriated with a limitation against the
payment of more than $5,000 upon any one
judgment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Was not that limitation
stricken out ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was subsequently
stricken out, so that now the law stands as it
has always stood. That was a proviso on the
appropriation bill as it came from the House;
but the Senate struck out that proviso, and I
believe it was acquiesced in by the House; so
that now we have only §125,000 appropriated
to pay the judgments of the court when the es-
timate is $500,000. X have added here an
appropriation of §300,000 to meet those judg-
ments. The estimate is still larger than that.
The Senator from Maine has the estimates be-
fore him. I offered this amendment on the
other bill, but I had not given the requisite
day's notice, and it was not considered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
have the question taken separately on these
propositions. They are entirely distinct ill their
character. Let the question first, be taken, if ,
the Senator pleases, on the proposition to pro-
vide for the salaries. I ask for a division of
the amendment so that that may bo done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A divis-
ion being called for, the question will be on the
first portion of the amendment relating to the
salaries of officers. The question is on that
portion of the amendment.
The first branch of tho amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, on the
other proposition I wish to suggest to the hon-
orable Senator that although the estimates are
as he supposes, yet as it seemed in the judg-
ment of the House $125,000 was adequate for
the present 
Jlr. TRUMBULL. That was on the as-
sumption that no judgment for more than
$5,000 would be paid.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Perhaps so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And if the Senator will
recollect, it was upon my motion that that
proviso was stricken out in the Senate-
* Mr MORRILL, of Maine. I remember that.
Mr TRUMBULL. But r coupled it, also,
with a motion to increase the apFi'opuatioa;
