1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313&
that this section, and the schedule accompa-
nying it, being schedule A, be taken from this
place and inserted in the bill just before section
one hundred and two, relating to stamps. By
a mistake in putting the sheets of this bill
together for the printer, this schedule A was
printed after schedule B, relating to stamps.
No objection was made, and the change was
made accordingly.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to insert, as an
additional section, to immediately precede
section one hundred and seventeen, the fol-
lowing :
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be assessed and collected on all bonds, the interest
on which is payable at the Treasury of the United
States, a tax of onepercent. perannum on theprm-
eiptil thereof, one half of which tax on such of said
bonds, the interest on which is payable semi-annu-
ally, shall be withheld by the proper officer of the
Treasury from the semi-annually accruing interest
or coupons, at the time of the payment of the same,
and the tax aforesaid on all of such bonds, the inter-
est on which is payable annually, shall in like man-
ner be with held from the interest or coupons accrued
on such bonds at the time of the payment thereof.
The tax hereby provided for shall be withheld from
the interest or coupons becoming due on and after
the 1st day of November, 1868.
Mr. UPSON. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. UPSON. My point of order is that the
Committee of the Whole has passed the part
Of the bill relating to the subject of this amend-
ment, and therefore this amendment is not
germane to the part of the bill we are now
considering. Besides that, we have once voted
down this very amendment, I believe.
The CHAIRMAN. This amendment is
offered as an independent section, and is in
order unless the language be the same as that
of the amendment of the gentleman just voted
down.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is not the same; it is
different in several respects.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 have a suggestion to
make to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman. ] This whole subject of the taxation
of bonds has been referred, in various ways
and forms, to the Committee of Ways and
Means; and it is proposed by the committee
to consider that subject. If the committee
shall decide to propose an amendment upon
this subject it will be moved hereafter; and
if the committee do not offer any such amend-
ment the gentleman shall have ample oppor-
tunity to offer his amendment. 1 therefore
suggest that he withdraw his amendment at
this time.
Mr. HOLM AN. I will agree to the sugges-
tion of the gentleman, and withdraw my
amendment at this time.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Passports.
Sec. 117. And be it further enacted. That for every
passport issued from the office of the Secretary of
State there shall be paid the sum of five dollars
which amount may bo paid to any collector oi in
ternal revenue, and his receipt thereforshall be for-
warded with the application for such passport to
the office of the Secretary of State, or any agont
appointed by him, to be transmitted to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, to be charged to the
account of such collector; and a like amount shall
be paid for every passport issued by any minister or
consul of the United States, who shall report the
same to the Secretary of State, and account therefor
to the Treasury. And all payments for passports
shalL be accounted for as internal tax.
No amendment was offered.
The next section -was read, as follows :
Insurance Companies.
Sec. 11S. And be it further enacted, That there shall
bo levied collected, and paid, ft tax of one and a
half per cent, on the gross receipts of premiums
or assessments for insurance from loss or damage by
fire or by the perils of the sea. whether inland or
marine, or against injury or accident to persons while
traveling by land or water, made by an insurance
company, or by any association or
craved in the business oi insurance; and a tax of
three per cent, on the like gross receipts of the
a"eney of any foreign insurance company having
ail office or doing business within the United St itcs,
to bo paid by the agent of saideompan> , ana 111 tne
return to be rendered the amount insured,
or continued, the gross amount law
ceived, or assessmentscollected, andIthe t.xcs by law
accruing thereon, shall be specifically stated.
Mr. HOPKINS. ' I move to amend this
section by inserting after the words "gross
receipts," where they first occur, the words
"in money," so that this tax shall not be lev-
ied on the premium notes received by these
companies. That portion of the section, if so
amended, will read :
That there shall be levied, collected, and paid, a
tax of ono and a half per cent, on the gross receipts
in money of premiums or assessments for insurance
from loss or damage b^y fire or the perils of the sea,
whether inland or marine, or against injury or acci-
dent to persons while traveling by land or water,
made by any insurance company, or by any associa-
tion or individual engaged in the business of insur-
ance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JUDD. I move to amend the first por-
tion of this section by striking out thfc words
" one and a half" and inserting in lieu thereof
the words " one half of one."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. JUDD. I move to amend this section,
by striking out the words "gross receipts " and
inserting in lieu thereof the words " net prof-
its." I desire to say that the effect of this
section as it now stands is to levy a tax upon
the losses of insurance companies and not
upon their profits alone. The tax upon the
gross receipts, as provided by this section as it
now stands, is not a tax solely upon the profits
made by these companies, but also upon the
losses sustained by these companies. The
experience of insurance companies for the last
two years, I think, shows the propriety of the
amendment I have offered. It seems to me
that it is for the public interest and for the
general public welfare that insurance_ com-
panies should he encouraged. The action of
the people shows that, and oifr legislation
ought not to restrict it. But, as I have already
said, the operation of this section as reported,
is to compel these companies to pay taxes on
their losses as well as on their profits.
Mr. HALSBY. The net profits of these
companies are already taxed in another por-
tion of this bill, which provides for a tax on
dividends and surplus.
Mr. JUDD. I will let the vote be taken
upon my amendment.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Judd ; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to amend this
section by striking out the words "and a tax
of three per cent, on the like gross receipts of
the agency of any foreign insurance company
having an office or doing business within the
United States, to be paid by the agent of said
company." It seems to me the policy of this
country should be to encourage the very thing
which this discrimination discourages. It is
for the interest of all to bring down the rates
of insurance in this country as low as possible.
For one, I cannot see any possible reason for
discriminating in so important a matter against
the introduction of foreign capital for the ben-
efit of the people of this country.
Mr. PAINE. It seems to me that the^ ar-
gument of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Griswold] would be good against pro-
tecting any other American interest from for-
eign competition. I think there is adequate
capital in the United States to meet all the de-
mands of insurance companies in the country.
'This provision, for the protection of Ameri-
can insurance companies against foreign insur-
ance companies, is neither unwise nor unjust,
when you consider the interests of the entire
American people, unless you say that the pro-
tection of any American interest against for-
eign competition is unjust to the entire Ameri-
can people, because it brings down the price
of such articles.
Mr. ALLISON. The Committee of Ways
and Means inserted this provision, not so much
to discriminate against foreign insurance com-
panies, as from thff fact that all our American
insurance companies are compelled not only
to pay a tax on their gross receipts, but they
are compelled to pay other taxes in various
forms, while the only tax received from for-
eign insurance companies is upon their gross
receipts. They make no dividends in this
country, and are not subject, therefore, to the
burdens to which home insurance companies
are subjected.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. PETERS. I move to insert the follow-
ing as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That there shall be levied,
collected, and paid a tax of two per cent, on the
gross receipts of safe deposit companies, or compa-
nies known by any other name, or of individuals,
who charge and receive compensation for the safe-
keeping of money, plate, goods, books, papers, or
other personal property of any description.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am in favor of that
amendment, and shall vote for it; but I can-
not speak for the other members of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. ALLISON. How much is the tax pro-
posed ?
Mr. PETERS. Two per cent.
Mr. ALLISON. I think that is too high a
tax. Of course it will come out of persons
who make these deposits of valuables for safe-
keeping. I would have no objection to the
amendment if the gentleman will make it one
per cent.
Mr. PETERS. There is one fact I wish to
recall to the attention of gentlemen. The
Comptroller of the Currency has inhibited all
national banks from receiving special deposits.
That has led to a large business on the part of
these safe-deposit institutions, and I under-
stand that they are reaping great profits
from it.
Mr. O'NEILL. One word. These institu-
tions'have deposits alone of gold and silver
plate, jewelry, and valuable papers. They do
not have money on deposit with a view to using
that money and making profits. These safe-
deposit companies are in their infancy, and
their charges are now quite heavy. They are
useful, and I think ought to be encouraged.
Mr. PETERS. I understand that it is a
most profitable business, and this is a class of
persons which ought to be compelled to pay
taxes. They are for the rich.
Mr. O'NEILL. The gentleman is mistaken.
On the contrary they are used by the poorer
classes who cannot afford to have safes and
iron chests.
Mr. PETERS. I do not see the force of
the gentleman's distinction.
Mr. PILE. I desire to say that this class
of companies makes most exorbitant chargos,
and that they realize better profits than any
other class. I think they ought to be taxed
two per cent.
Mr. PETERS. Are the Committee of Ways
and Means in favor of a less tax than two per
cent?
Mr. SCHENCK. Railroad companies are
charged two and a half, insurance companies
four and a half, and if we are going to tax
these safe-deposit companies 1 do not think
that one and a half or two per cent, is too
much.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I move, in the sixth line
of the one hundred and eighteenth section,
after the word "marine" to insert " or on life
or lives." Mr. Chairman, the object of that
amendment is to make life insurance com-
panies pay the same amount of tax as fire,
marine, and accident insurance companies.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
state that was omitted after consideration by
the Committee of Ways and Means, on the
ground that it was desirable to encourage in
every way the business of life insurance, for it
enables a man with limited means to make
provision for his family.
Mr. STEWART. I am aware of the argu-
ment that is made in favor of this exception,
but the same argument can be used for hre,
marine, and accident insurance companies,
do not see any reason for discrimination.
There is no life insurance company that aoes
not pay large dividends and have large sur-
