THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57-
Question. You mean you heard some talk-
ing before you got in tliere?
Answer. Certainly.
Question. Whose voices?
Answer. I heard General Thomas's voice
and Mr. Stanton's voice. They had some
conversation.
Quad ion. But what that was you do not
know ?
Answer. I do not.
Question. Thou the conversation followed
which you have detailed?
Answer. Certainly. The first, I heard when
I went in was the question of Mr. Stanton,
which I have stated, and the answer of Gen-
eral Thomas.
Question. Did you keep your notes with you
and take jour notes into that room?
Answer. I had my envelope in my hand
when I went in.
Question. And your pencil?
Answer. And ir.y pencil.
Question. Where is that envelope which you
had at that time?
Answer, ['cannot, say. I presume it was de-
stroyed. The envelope was a large, long, white
envelope that 1 put in my pocket with letters.
It. was the only convenient thing I had at the
time. I wrote on both sides of it, and then
diew it off immediately on the Secretary's
table.
Question,. What did you do with that ori-
ginal tuomoiandum—the envelope?
Answer. 1 presume it is torn up and de-
stroyed ; I do not know anything to the con-
trary.
Question. When did you destroy it?
Answer. That I cannot say; perhaps very
soon after the conversation took place.
Quest ion. Why did you destroy it?
Answer. I cannot say that it is destroyed ;
but I have 110 knowledge of it now. I cannot
snj that it is destroyed ; perhaps it may be. I
had no occasion to keep it. 1 supposed there
was no occasion to keep it, because I had writ-
ten the thing oil', or rather, a young man wrote
it off at the table as I read it, and that is the
same thing, 1 suppose, and I compared what
he wrote after it was written with the notes,
because 1 wanted to be particular in regard
to it.
Question. Is the document from which you
have; read heie to-day a manuscript?
Answer. No, sir; it is my testimony before
the committee, which is an exact copy of the
notes 1 took.
Qutstion. And those notes were written by
tome joung man who was present?
Answer. At my suggestion he took the pen,
and 1 read to him, and then compared it, and
iound it word for word.
Question. Wherr. are those notes ?
Answer. I do not know where they can be
found. I did not suppose it important to keep
the notes, because 1 iiad a copy of the notes
befoie the committee and testified to it ex-
actly.
Question. A copy of what notes do you
mean ?
Answer. I had the notes I took there.
Question. You mean the notes written by
that young man ?
Answer. Yes, sir: I had them there.
Question. Wnat is his name? Who was he?
Answer. One of the clerks there. I do not
recollect what the young man's name was. I
do not know that 1 ever knew his name. I
did not ask him his name. I would know him
if I saw him.
Question. You preserved those notes until
you it stilled ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. How long after you testified did
you preserve them ?
Answer. I cannot say that I kept them any
bmgth of time after that. I thought it was of
110 consequence.
Question. How you disposed of the envelope,
or how you disposed of those notes, you have
110 recollection?
Answer. No, sir; I cannot say what became
of the envelope ; it may be iu my papers some-
where.
Question. Have you made any search for
them ?
Answer. No, sir; my attention has not been
called to that before.
Question. When you came back into the
Secretary's room who suggested to you, or
did you suggest the matter yourself, that the
notes should bo written out? How did that
come to be ?
Answer. It was upon my own motion.
Question. Did you ask for a clerk?
Answer. I had taken notes and proposed in
the presence of the gentlemen who heard the
conversation that, they should see that 1 had
them correct; and that was consented to by
General Moorhead, Mr. Ivelley, and others who
were ^present.
Question. Then you proposed to have them
copied ?
Answer. I proposed to have them drawn off.
A young man was there ready to do it or willing
to do it, and I asked him to write it out as I
would read it to him from my notes.
Question. Now, didanything else take place
in General Schriver's loom besides this talk
that you have testified to ?
Answer. Not that I am aware of; only, as
I have said, I heard some voices in there; but
what was said I cannot say.
Question. After you went in, while you were
there?
Answer. I think there was 110 conversation.
Question. 1 did not ask you simply for con-
versation, but what else took place?
Answer. Nothing took place that I am aware
of.
Question. Who first left the room?
Answer. After this conversation ?
Question. Yes, sir.
Answer. I cannot say whether I left it first,
or General Moorhead or Mr. Ferry. We were
all there. I think we went out in a moment
afterward.
Question. Did you leave Mr. Stanton there?
Answer. Mr. Stanton was there when I went
out.
Question. Did you go into his room from
there?
Answer. I did, sir.
Question. Did you leave Thomas there, also?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Ilow long did Mr. Stanton remain
in Schriver's room?
Answer. I cannot say, because as soon as I
had this copied I left for the House.
Question. Do you mean to say that he did
not come in while you were engaged iu having
the copy taken ?
Answer. At the moment ofmaking the copy ?
I will not say that lie came in while the copy
was being taken or not. There was a shoit
time consumed in taking it. He might have
done so, but I will not say.
Question. Do you recollect whether you saw
him at all in his office alter you had leftSchri-
ver's room?
Answer. I cannot swear positively that I
did. i saw him after 1 left the room. The
doors were open. There are but a few feet
from one room to the other. I saw him sitting
in Geneial Sclnivei's room. I will not swear
positively that 1 saw him in his own ofliee
after 1 left that, room.
Question. What took place between them
afterward you do not know?
Answer. No, sir. 1 do not know because I
left.
Question. Was there any friendly greeting
01* other circumstance took place at that time
between the Secretary and General Thomas
while you were in Schriver's room ?
Answer. Well, sir, if there was. I did not see
it. I do not know that there was while I was
in. What happened before I cannot say.
Question. Was the memorandum that you
made on that envelope complete or abbre-
viated ?
Answer. The questions and answers as I
have them we>'e complete.
Question. Was the copy, then, an exact
transcript of the memorandum?
Answer. It was, merely questions and an-
swers. The questions were short and the
answers were short. . ■,
Question. Did it exhibit the whole conver-
sation ?
I cannot say. I will not say that it
did every word. I think it did not.. I recol-
lect one expression, for instance,- that General
Thomas made that I did not put down; I did
not think it material. I can state it if the
court desire it. It occurs to me now. It is
one expression that was used. I can state it if
the gentleman wishes.
Question. All I want to know is whether it
completely covered the conversation?
Answer. It covered ail the conversation of
any importance.
Question. That you thought important?
Answer. At least what I wrote. I wrote
down just as the questions were given and
answered. I took all the conversation in sub-
stance, and all of any account as it was had as
the questions and answers were given.
Question. This conversation that you took
down in that way, did you take it down in short
hand ?
Answer. No, sir; I did not.
Question. You wrote it out?
Answer. I wrote it out.
Question. Without abbreviation?
Answer. Without abbreviation.
Question. Were there pauses iu their conver-
sation ? Did they pause to allow you to follow
them ?
Answer. The conversation, as I said before,
was very slow and deliberate. There was suf-
ficient time for me to write these questions and
answers, as they were short, as counsel can see.
General Thomas said but very little.
Question. Now, I will ask you if, in that con-
versation, Mr. Stanton asked him if he wished
him to vacate immediately, or would give him
time to arrange his private papers?
Answer. Mr. Stanton?
Question. Yes, sir; did Mr. Stanton ask Mr.
Thomas whether he wished him, to vacate
immediately, or whether he would accord him
(Stanton) time to arrange his private papers?
Answer. There was nothing said in that con-
versation in reference to that. There were
other conversations, I understand, at other
times, at which such remarks were made, as I
saw in the papers; bnt there was nothing of
that kind said at that time in that conversation.
The question of giving time and changing pa-
pers did not come up in that conversation at all.
Reexamined by Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. You said, if I understood you,
that there was a single remark of Thomas that
yon did not write down, that now occurred to
you, in answer to the counsel for the President;
what was that remark?
Answer. I said that, in answer to liis ques-
tion whether I had sworn to all that he did
say. 1 recollect now General Thomas saying
he did not wish any " orapleasantness." I did
not think it necessary to put that in my record.
Question. Did he emphasize it in that
" oiipleasantness?"
Answer. The gentlemen heard it, and it was
spoken of afterward, but I did not think it
was anything pertaining to this question ; and
perhaps some other little words were said now
and then that did not amount to anything.
Question. I must still ask you to give to the
Senate with a little more distinctness whether
it was the remark, saying, "I do not want
any unpleasantness between us," or was it the
use of what has almost become a technical
term, that "there shall not beany onpleasant-
ness?"
Ansieer. Well, sir, I can only state what
General Thomas said.
Question. The emphasis is something.
Answer. " 0«pleasantness" was the expres-
sion used.
By Mr. Staxbeby:
Question. This evidence,is as to a*word; I
