1868.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
2115
will, make the usual motion, that the Senate
insist 011 its amendments disagreed to by the
House, and disagree to the amendments of the
House to the amendments of the Senate, and
ask for a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, the conferees
on the part of the Senate to be appointed by
the Chair.
The motion.was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also move that the bill
as it now stands be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Siiekmax, Mr. Williams, and Mr. Morgan
the conferees 011 the part of the Senate.
SUPltKMM COURT JU1USDICTIOX VETO.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I call for the unfinished
business of yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is the veto mes-
sage of the President of the United States on
the bill (S. No. 213) to amend an ac-t entitled
"An act to amend the judiciary act passed the
24th of September, 1789." The question is,
"Shall the bill pass, the objections of the Pres-
ident of the United States to the contrary not-
withstanding?"
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, the
objections made by the President of the United
States in his message to this bill are based
upon the second section. That section alone
does not explain or enable 11s to understand
its force and meaning. It is as fallows:
That so much of the act approved February 5,1867,
entitled "An aet to amend ail act to establish the
judicial courts ot the United States," approved Sep-
tember 21, 1789, as authorizes an appeal from the
judgment ot the circuit court to the Supremo Court
of the United State.-!, or the cxercise of any such
jiu i-iiiel ion by said Supreme Com t 011 appeals winch
have been made or may hereafter be taken, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed.
The section of the law which is thus re-
pealed i%in part as follows. In the first place,
the act of February 5, 1807, provides :
"That the several courts of the United States, and
the several justices andjtidgcs ofsuch couits, within
their lespeetive jurisdictions, in addition to the au-
thority aheady conteired by law, shall have power
to grant writs ol habeas corpus in all caseswheie any
person 111.'y bo resti amed of his or her liberty in vio-
lation of the Constitution, or of any treaty or law of
the United States."
Then, toward the close of the section, it
provides that—
"From the final decision of any judge, justice, or
court, inferior to the circuit court, an appeal may
be tukeii to the circuit coui t of the United States for
the district in which said cause is heaul, and from
the judgment of said circuit court to the Supreme
Court ot tho United States, on such terms and under
such regulations and orders, as well lor the custody
and appearance of the person alleged to bo restrained
of his or her liberty, as for sending up to the appel-
late tribunal a transcript of the petition, writ of
habeas corpus, return thereto, and other proceedings,
as may be prescribed by the Supreme Court, or, in
default of such, as tho judge hearing said cause may
piescribe."
The effect of this legislation is to give any
citizen of the country the right to the writ of
habeas corpus to be issued by any of the courts
of the United States within their jurisdiction
or by any judge of such court in the following
ease ; that is:
" Whore any person rany be restrained of his 01* her
liberty in violation of tho Constitution, or of any
treaty or law of the United States."
And either party interested in such a case as
that mnv hate his appeal from the circuit court,
of the United States to the Supremo Court;
and now the bill which the President sends
back with his objections repeals that clause
which allows a party in any case an appeal to
tho Supreme Court of tho United States, where
his liberty is withheld from him in violation
of the Constitution or any law or treaty of the
United States. Without reference to any par-
ticular case, without reference to any purpose
that is to be subserved, why take away irom a
party an appeal to the Supreme Court in a case
like that? Independent of all temporary consid-
erations, independent of all possible party
views, independent of the effect upon any pend-
ing cause, why is it that a party may not bureau
appeal to the Supreme Court from the judg-
ment of the circuit court when the question is
whether he bo restrained of his liberty in vio-
lation of the Constitution of the United States
or of any law or treaty of the United States?
And, sir, in tho discussion of this question I
shall he very happy to hear Senators upon
the other side give a reason why an appeal
ought not in such a ease to be allowed to the
Supreme Court of the United States. In all
civil suits that are tried before the circuit courts
of the United States, where the controversy is
in regard to property of the amount of $2,000,
either .party has his appeal to the Supreme
Court. The legislation of the country assumes
that'where the matter in controversy is of less
vaiue than two thousand dollars the cases are
tpo trivial to bring before that tribunal, but
.vbencver the matter in controversy is of the
value of $2,000 or more, either party shall be
allowed his appeal.
Now, Mr. President, in a case where a man's
liberty is involved, aye, sir, under existing laws
where his life may be involved, and the ques-
tion has been brought before a circuit court
of the United States, and the decision has been
adverse to him, you say that he shall not
have his appeal to the Supreme Court. I wish
to know why. We were told yesterday by the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] that an
appeal lias been allowed in the past in habeas
cot pus cases only under one law, the law of
18-12; and the Senator from Illinois does not
propose to repeal that law. He proposes to
allow the appeal in that particular case in favor
of the party who may be wronged or supposed
to be wronged by the decision of the circuit
court. Now, I will ask the attention of Sen-
ators to that particular law. Senators will
recollect that that law grew out of the contro-
versy connected with the matter of Alexander
McLeod; and it provided that the justices of
the Supreme Court and judges of the district
courts should have power "to grant writs of
habeas corpus in all cases of any prisoner or
prisoners in gaol or confinement, when lie,
she. or they, being subjects or citizens of a
foreign State and domiciled therein, shall be
committed or confined, or in custody under, or
by any authority, or law, or process founded
thereon of the United States, or of any of them,
for or on account of any act done, or omitted
under any alleged right, title, authority, privi-
lege, protection, or exemption set up or claimed
under the commission or order, or sanction of
any foreign State or sovereign, the validity
and effect whereof depend upon tho laws of
nations, or under color thereof." That law ex-
pressly gives an appeal to the Supreme Court
of the United States; and I submit to the
Senator from Illinois whether that law itself
did not have effect to give an appeal to tho
Supreme Court in all cases of habeas corpus
provided for up to that time. I do not know
that the Supreme Court has decided to^ the
contrary, and I think that the effect of the
recent decision made 011 the motion to dismiss
McCardle's case is to recognize the right of
appeal in all habeas corpus cases under the
language which was used in the act of 1812.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If so, what harm, J
should like to ask, to repeal the law of 1807,
if the Senator is right?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator did not
exactly understand the point I made. I said
that the law of 1812, in my judgment, gives an
appeal to the Supremo Court of the United
States in all habeas corpus cases arising under
it. If Congress enlarges tho held ot the juris-
diction of the Federal courts without giving an
appeal covering that enlarged field perhaps the
appeal does not follow : but L will ask the atten- j
tion of the Senator irom Illinois to the provis- j
ion in the act of 1812 which gives the appeal
to the Supreme Court of the United States and
to the language of the aet of 1807, and he w ill
find that the language is the same, and that the
Supreme Couit under the aet of 1807 holds :
"The lafUr juvi-dictioii, [that is the jurisdiction
of this coui t, j as has just, been shown, is_coextensi\ o
w itli the former, [ the jurisdiction ot tho circuit court.]
lihery Question of substance which the circuit court
could decide, upon the lotura of tho habeas corpus,
including the question of its own jurisdiction, may
bo revised here on appeal from its final j udgmcnt."
I understand the Supreme Court to hold that
the language of the aet of 1807 gives an appeal
to the Supreme Court ef the United States in
all habeas corpvs eases, whether they rest upon
the aet of 1789, of 1842, or of 1807. If so, the
act of 1812 gave an appeal to the Supreme
Court in all cases under the aet of 1789 and of
1812, because the language is the same as that
of the act of 18G7.
But, Mr. President, waiving that for the
present, I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the fact that if a foreigner comes before
any judge of a court of the United States, or
before any of the Federal courts, and shows to
that judge or that court tiiat he is wrongfully
restrained of his liberty, and that such restraint
of his liberty is in violation and in disregard of
a "right, title, authority, privilege, protection,
or exemption " which lie sets up and claims
"under any commission or order or sanction
of any foreign State or sovereignty, the validity
and effect whereof depend upon the laws of
nations, or under color thereof," and the judge
or couit decides against his ease, he has an
appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States. Notice the fact, Mr. President, that
you give to the foreigner in protection of his
liberty an appeal to the Supreme Court when
he says that he is entitled to his liberty by vir-
tue of some regulation, order, or authority of
liis foreign Government under the laws of na-
tions ; but when a citizen of the country in that
same court claims his liberty in exjsress terms
under the Constitution, or under any treaty or
law of the United States, you say he shall not
have an appeal to the Supreme Court. Can
Senators reconcile such legislation with the
rights which the citizens may claim, and with
the duties which we owe to tho citizens them-
selves?
Mr. President, I wish very briefly to refer to
the Federal legislation on the subject of the
writ of habeas corpvs. The first is found in
the judiciary act of 1789. very simple in its
provisions, giving to the Federal courts a very
limited jurisdiction in habeas corpus cases:
"That all of the before-mentioned courts of the
United States"—
The Supreme Court, the circuit court, and the
district couit—
"Shall have power to issue writs of scire facias,
habeas cuipus, and alt other writs not specially pro-
vided l'or by statute which may be necessary lor the
exercise of their respective juiisdictions and agree-
ably to the principles and usages of law."
Thus, in the law organizing the judicial sys-
tem ol the United States, a jurisdiction to
issue writs of habeas coipus is given to the
courts in all cases when it, is necessary to the
exercise of their other jurisdiction. This was
so limited a field that it was of but small con-
sequence. indeed, as compared with the pres-
ent state of the law, whether an appeal were
allowed to the Supreme Court of the United
States or not. Under tins law such appeal was
not allowed. If, for the purpose of exercising
its jurisdiction, a circuit or distiiet court issued
a wiit of habeas curpui ad testificandum to
bring a witness before it, that writ was issued
in aul or support of its jurisdiction, and 110
appeal would be allowed to the Supreme Court
ot the United States. But, fir. when we come
to the law of 1812, and find that when Congress
provides for the issuing of writs of h'abeas
corpus by the circuit courts for the protection
of substantial rights, an appeal is secured to
the Supreme Court, although the claim to lib-
erty in that case rested upon the right which
tho party acquired from a foreign country. I
wish very particularly to ask the attention of
Senators to the language of the act of February
5, 1807 ; and the first clause I will read again:
" That the several courts of the United States, and
the several justices and judges ol suehconrts, withm
their respect.ve jurisdictions, in addition to the uu-
tiioi ity aire.uly conferred b> law, shall have power
to grant wnts vt luiOca* 111 all cases ivheroany
pel son may be lestraincd of his or her liberfyinj il-
lation ot the Constitution or of any treaty or law o
the United States."
Mr. President, is not that a case which prop-
