1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
io9i
proposition i3 not to carry out existing law,
1 jut to put that into the law.
Mr. WOQDBRIDGE. It is to carry out
existing law, because by the law of last session
tliey are entitled to this twenty-per cent, extra,
and that law has not been repealed.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. It was
not the same law as that which provided for
our employes.
Mr. WOODBBIDGE. No, sir ; a different
law.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. Accord-
ing to my understanding there is no such law,
and the gentleman cannot show it. Let him
read the law.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I am not quite sure
that by any general law twenty^ per cent, was
added to the pay of the Librarian and liis as-
sistants. I have not had time to examine the
question. It was added by the act appropri-
ating pay for their services which passed at the
last session of Congress. It is evident to me
that they stand upon the same ground as our
employes, and their services are quite as deserv-
ing of twenty per cent, additional pay.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a point of order, that the amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont, changes existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It has been ruled to be in
order to increase salaries of Government offi-
cers in appropriation bills.
Mr. WOODBRTDGE. I will now read the
law which has been handed to me. It is that
the Librarian, assistant librarians, messenger,
and other employ6s of the" Congressional Li-
brary shall receive an addition of twenty per
cent, upon their present pay, "to commence
with the present Congress."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For two assistant librarians, one at §1,000 and one
at $1,980.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
vote of the committee govern that and the other
similar items. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For one messenger, $1,410.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to add one dol-
lar in order to enable me to say to the commit-
tee that I was appointed by the Committee on
Appropriations to investigate every item of
these appropriations for the Congressional
Library. I did it with great care and nicety,
and I am satisfied there is not a single item we
can reduce one dollar. I believe the estimate
has been made with the closest economy pos-
sible, if we are to keep up the Congressional
Library. I hope, therefore, no objection will
bo made to these appropriations. I withdraw
m*y amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For four laborers, at SSS4 each, S'Vlf>f>.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I understood, and
hence do not propose the amendments I other-
wise would, the Committee on Appropriations
to agree that the amendments shall be_ con-
sidered as adopted increasing all these items
twenty per cent.
The CHAIRMAN. Such was the under-
standing, and they will all be reported to the
House with the twenty per cent, added.
The Clerk read as follows :
For Botanic Garden, grading, draining, procuring
manure, tools, fuel, and repairs, and purcnasing trees
and shrubs, under the direction of the Library Com-
mittee ot' Congress, &3,u00.
Mr. LQUGIIRIDGE. I move to strike that
out. I do not know what good this Botanic
Garden does the country. I know that mem-
bers of Congress get bouquets every session.
[Laughter.] I have not received mine, and
perhaps that is the reason I move to strike it
out. It seems to me if we want to strike^ at
something entirely fancy we had better strike
this out. It is of no good to the country,
while it costs .$10,000 yearly. It was begun in
1854, and since then has cost the Government,
$125,000. This is wrong, and I think the
country will so regard it. I hope my amend-
ment will therefore prevail.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For pay ofsuperintendentand assistants in Botanic
Garden and greenhouses, under the direction of the
Library Committee of Congress, $7,S74 96.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move to strike that
out.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For payment of judgments which may be rendered
bv the court in favor of claimants, $100,000: Provided,
That no judgment of said court for any sum exeeed-
ingtive thousand dollars shallhereafterbepaid.with-
out the approval of Congress, and an appropriation
therefor.
Mr. NIBLACK. I make the point of order
that that proviso is independent legislation,
changing existing law, and is, therefore, not in
order to an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and it will be stricken out.
Mr. SPALDING. I agree with the gentle-
'man, and was about to move to strike it out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is a
mere limitation.
The CHAIRMAN. It not only is a limita-
tion, but changes the existing law.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike outthese
words:
For payment of judgments, which may bo rendered
by the court in favor of claimants, 6100,000.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
explain that when this Court of Claims was
originated it was but little more than a com-
mittee of Congress to investigate claims and
report to Congress 1 he amount they found due
to the claimants. They were to make report
of the nature of the claims at the same time.
That was the way the Court of Claims origin-
ated. Afterward the law was modified, and
Congress provided the Court of Claims should
give judgment and their judgments should be
taken by appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States for any amount over three thou-
sand dollars, and the Government might take
claims of less amount than three thousand
dollars in that class of claims which would
settle principles for the government of the Ex-
ecutive Departments. That same act con-
tained a proviso that no claim should be paid
on the judgment of the Court of Claims unless
duly provided for in the estimates by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. The Supreme Court
decided that proviso nullified the whole right
of appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States. Afterward Congress in its wisdom
repealed that proviso and left the appellate
power standing, and it is so now. The law is
so now. If they make judgment in favor of
any claim for more than three thousand dol-
lars either par^y may appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States, and in auy case
less than three thousand dollars the Govern-
ment may appeal if the case involves any
principle which settles the rule for the Execu-
tive Departments.
Now, sir, by striking out this appropriation
for the payment of their judgments we go back
to the old times when we made the Court of
Claims simply a committee for this House. I
think my friend from Pennsylvania, when he
comes to understand the working of the whole
scheme, will himself find we are wrong in lim-
iting that court in tins manner. I think we
are now having that court so systematized, and
its proceedings so framed and adjusted, it is
beginning to save money to the Government.
If any case be doubtful it can be revised in the
Supreme Court. I would notdo anything which
would bring these claims back to Congress,
which is the last body on earth to vote on them.
I am for keeping that court in its proper
sphere if possible. I should like to have a
check on it, but that check rests in the Supreme
Court of the United States. It rests, further-
more, in the books of reported cases which
shall emanate from that court from year to
year. Instead of cutting off the power ol that
tribunal to make decisions in cases, we should
rather require, from year to year, they shall
publish their opinion in* every one of the cases
under their supervision and adjudication.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to reduce th^
amount to §75,000.
Mr. Chairman, I do not see the amendment, I
made in the first instance to strike out will lessen
the power of the Court of Claims in any respect.
Some gentlemen around me say if you- strike
that out these claimants will come back to "the
courts. Not at all. Congress has been open all
the time that court has been in existence the
same as before. The claimant has his choice
between coming to Congress and going to that
court. Frequently when he has a claim hero
he goes to that court; and when his claim is
denied there he comes back to Congress. The
two tribunals for hearing his case are still open.
That is not the question at all here; and the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spaliuxo,] in opposing
my motion, has not discussed it. Thequestionis
not whether we will abolish the court, whether
we will close it to claimants and open Congress
to them, because both tribunals are open now
and will be open hereafter; but the question
is whether we shall make an appropriation in
advance, and invite claimants to go before that
tribunal and establish their claims, or whether,
after they have been there and judgment has
been rendered in their favor, we will act upon
them as we do in all other cases where ex-
penses are incurred by the Government, and
make an appropriation to pay them. Now, if
we make this appropriation in advance we only
invite that court to use it up. If the gentle-
jnan will allow the limitation contained in the
proviso, and confine it to small claims, there
would be no objection to making the appropri-
ation in advance; but if that whole $100,000
is to be sponged up by a single claim—one of
these cotton claims, for instance—it is a great
deal better that we should wait till after judg-
ment is rendered and then appropriate the
money. I withdraw the last amendment. •
Mr. BUTLER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment has
been withdrawn.
Mr. BUTLER. I renew the amendment.
I desire to call the attention of the House to
the exact distinction, which does not seem to
be understood. This provision does not affect
any cotton claim. By the law of the land the
proceeds of captured and abandoned property
paid into the Treasury answer all the cotton
claims. This appropriation is to answer other
just claims against the United States.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wisli to ask the gentle-
man if he means to say that the Court of
Claims can pay these large cotton judgments,,
which they may render without any appropri-
ation from Congress, out of the proceeds of
the sales of abandoned property—abandoned
cotton, for instance?
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir; I do not mean to
say any such thing. I do not mean to say that
the Court of Claims can pay anything, but I
do mean to say that it can render judgment,
and the law of Congress is that the proceeds
of abandoned property, which has been sold
and put into the Treasury, is to answer claims
against the Government. That is all I mean
to say.
Now, then, I mean to say farther that this
appropriation goes to pay honest claims against
the United States that have first got to pass the
Conrt of Claims; and then, if any department
of the Government or the solicitor thinks there
is the slightest wrong done to them, and they go
to the Supreme Courtoffhe United States, alter
they have gone through the Cotyt of Claims
and have gone through the Supreme Court oi
the United States, 1 think the claimant ought
to have his monev. We have already passed
a resolution that no man who owned properly
in the rebel States can have any claim paid
anywhere. No man who does not first take
the oath that he never favored the rebellion
can get into the Court of Claims. I think,
therefore, and I believe the committee so
thought, and successive Congresses have so
