21X6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
erly, not only according to the spirit, but ac-
cording to the very letter of the Constitution,
comes within the judiciary system of the United
States ? Let me call the attention of Senators
to the language of the Constitution providing
for the judicial system of the United States:
"The judicial ^ower shall extend to all cases in
Jaw .and equity arising under this Constitution, the
If-ws or the UnitedStates, and treaties made or which
shall be made under their authority."
The judicial power of the United States shall
extend to all cases arising under the Constitu-
tion or any treaty or law of the United States ;
and, sir, when the writ of habeas corpus is
given to protect a man's liberty, when lie as-
serts his right to his liberty under the Consti-
tution or a law or treaty of the United Slates,
why stop him midway in the judicial system ?
Why not allow him to go to the highest court,
where he might go if he only had $2,000 in con-
troversy in a civil case?
Mr. President, under the act of the 2d of
March, 1867, and the acts amendatory thereof,
it is possible for the citizen to be arrested, to
be taken before a tribunal unknown to our
Constitution and system of laws, a military
commission, to be held in custody, to be tried,
condemned, and confined in prison or put to
death. If, during the progress of these pro-
ceedings, he appeals to the circuit court of
the United States having jurisdiction in the
State, and the court refuses to restore him to
liberty, refuses to protect him in his endangered
life, you say he cannot come to the Supreme
Court with that case. A trial is being had for
his life before a court that is unknowti to the
Constitution, not only a court unknown to the
Constitution and the laws, but a court which
the Supreme Court of the United States has
decided cannot become known to the Consti-
tution and the laws of the United States for the
purpose of trying a citizen ; and being brought
bofore such a court he seeks the protection of
his liberty, the safety of his life, in the Federal
courts ; and being denied that protection in the
circuit court, he seeks his appeal to the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and Congress
says, "You shall not have it." Now, upon
general principles, can Senators reconcile that
to their sentiments of right, to the security
which the Constitution and the laws ought to
afford to every citizen?
If a reason for the repeal of this law cannot
be found in the nature of the case itself, where
is it to be found ? Yesterday the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] undertook to give a
reason. He said, as a reason for repealing this
law, that there were too many cases finding
their way into the Supreme Court. Why did
he say that? Why did the astute Senator from
Nevada say, as a reason for enacting this law,
that the Supreme Court was becoming crowded
by this class of cases, and that, therefore, the
law allowing the appeals ought to be repealed?
Senators, is that a reason, if it be true ?
If a case is of such magnitude and of such
importance to the citizen as that he ought to
have a hearing in the highest court of the land,
is it a sufficient answer to him, under the Con-
stitution which guaranties to him protection
in his rights, that we are .likely to overcrowd
and overwork the judges of the Supremo Court?
Do you recognize that as an answer? If it is
the right of the citizen to be heard in the Su-
preme Court, it is no answer to him to say that
that court is likely to become too much crowded
in its business. If such be the condition of
the court it is the duty of Congress to^ relieve
that, court, but not by denying the citizen a
hearing in a proper case.
But, si/, in point of fact, the Senator from
Nevada was compelled to admit that the court
was not crowded; and when I asked him the
question how many cases of this sort and un-
der this law had come into that court he could
name but one—the McCardle case. Strange
position for the Senator to find himself in: to
give as a reason to the Senate of the United
States why this bill should pass, the veto of
the President to the contrary notwithstanding,
that the Supreme Court was becoming crowded
and the judges could not dispose of the busi-
ness; and when questioned upon it he was
compelled to say that there was but one cause
in that court under this law.
Of course it has attracted the attention of
other Senators as well as. my own that the
Senator from Nevada recently has become over
zealous ; at least, very zealous. I will not say
over zealous, because he is the judge of the
degree of the zeal with which ho should serve
his party. It is not for me to say that it is
over zeal. But a very striking contrast is to
be found in his position politically to-day and
this day two years ago. Then he thought the
President of the United States was right; that
it was right for him to support him, to stand
by him, to maintain his policy.
Now, there is no Senator that can go quite#
far enough in the opposite direction to please
the Senator from Nevada. He felt that he was
the champion of his party in this body, and
therefore he must lead off in giving, if possible,
som e reason why a citizen whose life is in danger,
and cries to his Government for protection
under the Constitution, should not be heard in
the highest court; and the reason he gave to
us is most unsatisfactory in principle and un-
true in point of fact, as he admits. There is
but one cause under this law pending in the
court. Is it not right in the cause of liberty,
the protection of a man in the enjoyment of his
person and his life, that we should allow the
appeal? In one provision this bill is most
extraordinary. It is not that in the future there
shall be 110 such appeals allowed; but if there
are any causes pending there now the juris-
diction of the Supreme Court shall bo taken
away. So the bill relates to just one case.
The Senator from Nevada admitted that he
Jniew of but one case, lie said he had heard
of some other cases—they are lying around
loose—that are likely to come. He could not
name them, nor tell where they came from.
Then there was but one case in the Supreme
Court, the McCaidle case, and special legisla-
tion is invoked to throw it out.
As, I observe that the Senator from Nevada
has taken his seat again, I wish to suggest to
him that I have been commenting upon the
reason which he felt called upon to give to the
Senate why this law should be repealed ; why
a man should not have a right of appeal to the
Supreme Court of the United Slates, if he
claimed his liberty or his life under the Con-
stitution of the United States, or any law or
treaty of the United States Government; and
that reason assigned by him was that the Su-
preme Court was becoming too much crowded ;
and when he was crowded himself with a toler-
ably straight question on the subject he said
he knew of but one casein the Supreme Court.
I was calling attention to that fact, and I wish
him to know exactly the use I made of it. It
is this: that he, the zealous champion of his
party, who would claim to be the leader; more
zealous than all others in every party question ;
more intolerant of the rest of us who may
differ with him, although but two years ago he
occupied a very different position, now, as the
leader of his party in this body, he felt called
upon to give a reason why a citizen should be
denied an appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States, when ho was likely to lose his
liberty or life by a tribunal unknown to the
Constitution, and a tribunal—a military com-
mission—upon which the Supreme*Court of the
United States has impressed the brand of ille-
gality. The Senator felt that he must give a
reason; and that reason was that the Supreme
Court was too much crowded. I felt it to be
my duty to say that that would be no reason
if the ease was of such dignity as that it ought
to come to the Supreme Court. It is not a
question whether the judges will have too much
work to do ; it is a question whether the party
shall have his rights under the Constitution
and the law. But the fact is that the court
is not overcrowded.
This brings me to comment a little upon the
peculiarity of this section in one regard. It
not only denies to the Supreme Court jurisdic-
tion in all future eases, but takes away.Ahe
jurisdiction in the single case that the Senator
from Nevada was able to recollect—the Mc-
Cardle case. Will Senators be good enough
to recollect of a single instance in the history
of any free Government where, for proper pur-
poses, the jurisdiction of an appellate court has
been taken away from a cause after that jnris-
diction had attached? I do not mean the crim-
inal courts, where jurisdiction sometimes falls
by the repeal of the law defining the crime, but
I speak of an appellate court of important ju-
risdiction, before which a case has come, and
the jurisdiction of which has attached under
existing law. When in the history of this Gov-
ernment or of any State of this Union was that
jurisdiction expressly taken away? I know
of no such case. It is understood that, when
the law gives a man a right to bring his case
into a court he shall have that cause heard;
that the Legislature will not cotre in after he
has brought his case according to law and take
away the right to prosecute the case to a final
hearing.
But it is done here ; and why? It is to reach
the McCardle case. I do not know very much
of that cause; I had not the opportunity to
hear very much of the able argument, in the
Supreme Court; but I understand the facts to
be those: McCardle was the publisher of a
newspaper in the State of Mississippi, and in
the publication of his paper he felt authorized
to make criticisms upon the policy Congress
had established in his State, and he felt au-
thorized to make criticisms upon the conduct
of the military officers who were carrying out
this congressional policy in Mississippi, and
the military officers caused him to be arrested
and to be brought before a military com-
mission to be put upon trial. At that stage
of the ease ho appealed to the circuit court
of the United States for that State for the
writ of habeas corpus. The writ was issued,
and when the officer returned to (he court
that this man was held in custody because
he had published these articles in his news-
paper, the circuit court held that return to be
sufficient, and that the party should be re-
manded to the custody of the military officers.
From that decision McCardle appealed to the
Supreme Court of the United States. Sir,
why should he not be heard in that court?
Had not the Supreme Court of the United
States, with great unanimity, decided that a
military commission could not try a citizen in
a time of peace for an ordinary civil offense;
that the Constitution had guarantied to the
citizen a trial before a jury with full opportu-
nities for defense? That was the decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
McCardle, when he was sent back by the cir-
cuit court to the dungeons of the military
prison, prayed his appeal to the Supreme
Court that he might come under the protecting
wing of that court in its decision that the civil
authority should be preserved in this country.
That is the case that came to the Supreme
Court. I understood the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trumbull] to say that that case did
not come within the provision of the act of
the 5th of February, 1807, but that the right
to issue the writ might well rest upon the act
of 1789, and I think he occupied the same po-
sition in support of his motion in the court.
Let us see how it stands.
McCardle claimed that he was a citizen; that
he was not in the Army or the Navy; that he
was not answerable to a military court; that a
military court could not deprive him of his
liberty, but that if responsible at all for any
abuse of the right of freedom of speech and
freedom of the press in the publication of his
newspaper he was answerable to the civil
courts; if he was liable to prosecution for libel
at all he was so liable in the civil courts. This
was the position he occupied: that his liberty
was denied him when that liberty was guaran-
tied under the Constitution. I submit to Sen-
ators if it is not very plain that he was right in
that. When he said to the circuit court of the
United States in Mississippi "My liberty has
