58
SUPPLEMENT TO
do not know its materiality; but did. he speak
the word in the ordinary way ?
Answer. Ho spoke it in the way I have
mentioned. •
Question. Now give his expression?
Answer. He said as he came in, in connec-
tion with what I have said—I did not consider
it material, and did not put it down—that he
did not wish any "orapleasantness."
Question. In what part of the conversation
did that come in?
Answer. Somewhere in the first part of the'
conversation; it was in the first part.
Question. Was it in the first part or after
Stanton had ordered him to go to his room?
Answer. Ithink it was before that—in the
forepart of his conversation.
Question. At the very beginning?
Answer. Yes, sir; near the beginning.
Question. Had you taken down anything
before that was said ?
Answer. Yes, sir; the first thing he said
was, "Good morning, Mr. Secretary," and
"Good morning, gentlemen."
Question. Did you take that down?
Answer. I did, sir.
Question. You thought that was material?
Answer. I took it down.
Question. Then next, after that, did he say
he did not wish any unpleasantness?
Answer. I cannot say that the next words he
said after that were those. It was in the fore-
part of the conversation.
Question. But that you thought immaterial?
Answer. I did not put it down ; I thought,
perhaps, it was immaterial. It occurs to me
now, as I know it excited something of a smile
at the time he spoke it.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. As I understand
it, the counsel are desiring to know of the wit-
ness what he thought of the importance that
ought to be attached to the word. I suppose
it is not tor the witness to swear what he thought
about it.
Mr. EVARTS. We are cross-examining as
to the completeness or perfection of the wit-
ness's memorandum. It certainly is material
to know why he omitted some parts and inserted
others.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. We will not press
the objection.
Mr. STANBERY. We have nothing further
to ask of this witness.
Hon. James Iv. Moouiiead sworn and exam-
ined.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. I believe you are a member of the
House of Representatives?
Answer. I am.
Question. We have learned from the testi-
mony of the last witness that you were present
at Mr. Secretary Stanton's office when General
Thomas came in there to make some demand;
will you state now in your own way, as well as
yon can, what took place there, assisting your
memory, if you have any memorandum, as
you please ?
Answer. I will, sir. I was present at the
War Department on Saturday morning, the
2'2d of February, I believe, aud I understood
that General Thomas was to be there to take
possession ol' the Department that morning. I
went from my boarding-house, which is Mrs.
Carter's on the hill; I went to the War De-
partment in company with Dr. Burleigh, who
boarded there, a l'riend of Mr. Johnson's, who
told me he had had a conversation with General
Thomas the night before 
Mr. CURTIS. That is not material.
The Witness. I was giying the reason why
I went there. I was there, and General
Thomas came in. The testimony of Mr. Van
IIonx is correct as to what passed. I did not
take any memorandum of the early part of the
conversation: but I would corroborate his
statement 
Mr. CURTIS. That we object to.
Mr. STANBERY. That will not do.
The Witness. (continuing.) Until the point
at which he said General Thomas went across
to General Schriver's room. He did go there;
he was followed by Mr. Stanton, and Mr. Stan-
ton asked me to go over there. After they got
there Mr. Stanton put a direct question to Gen-
eral Thomas, and asked me to remember it.
He said, " General Moorhead, I want you to
take notice of this and of the answer;" and
that induced me to make a memorandum of
it, which I think I have among my papers now.
[The witness proceeded to search his papers.]
It is very brief, and was made roughly, but so
I thought I could understand and know what
it meant myself, and I can explain it to any
person. [Reading.] Mr. Stanton said, " Gen-
eral Thomas, you claim to be here as Secre-
tary of War, and refuse to obey my orders?"
General Thomas replied, "I do, sir." After
that had passed I walked to the door leading
into the hall and 1 was called back, or from
what I heard my attention was attracted so that
I returned. Mr. Stanton then said, "General
Thomas requires the mails of the Department
to be delivered to him." General Thomas
said: "I require the mails of the Department
to be delivered to me, and I will transact the
business of the office." I had not heard Gen-
eral Thomas say this entirely and clearly, but
Mr. Stanton repeated it in this way, and said:
" General Thomas says 'I require the mails
of the Department to be delivered to me, and
I will transact the business of the office.' " I
asked General Thomas if he had made use of
those words. I asked him if he had stated
this ; and he assented, and added : "You may
make it as full as you please."
That is all the memorandum I made, and I
made that at the time and place.
Cross-examined by Mr. Stanbehy:
Question. When you arrived at Mr. Stan-
ton's otFicc whom did you find there?
Answer. I did not make a memorandum of
that, and I cannot tell exactly. There were a
number of members of Congress there. When
Mr. Van Hons was reciting the names, I re-
cognized them as having been there, and I
remember Judge Kelley in addition to the
names mentioned.
[Mr. Van Horn sitting in the Chamber said,
" 1 mentioned him."]
Question. How long had you been at the
office before General Thomas came in ?
Answer. 1 think about half an hour.
Question. Did you see him coming?
Answer. Yes, sir; I saw him coming. The
windows opened out toward the White House,
and it was announced by some person near the
window that General Thomas was coming; and
I, with some others, got up and looked out
of the window and saw him coming along the
walk, and we expected somewhat of a scene
then.
Question. When he came in, did he come in
attended, or was he alone?
Answer. He was alone.
Question. Was he armed in any way ?
Answer. I did not notice any arms.
Question. Side arms or others?
Answer. I did not notice anything except
what the Almighty had given him.
Question. Now, state just what took place
and what was said after he came in, according
to your own recollection ?
Answer. I think I have stated it about as
well as 1 can. When he came in he passed
the compliments, "Good morning, Mr. Secre-
tary;" and "Good morning, gentlemen;" and
I think Mr. Stanton asked him if he had any
business with him.
Question. Did Mr. Stanton return his salute?
Answer. Yes, sir; I think so.
Question. Was Mr. Stanton sitting or stand-
ing?
Ansioer. During the time I was there he was
doing both ; I cannot tell exactly what he was
doing at the time General Thomas spoke to
him, but he was down and up and walking
around, sometimes sitting, sometimes standing.
Question. Did ho ask the General to take a
seat ?
Ansicer. I think not, sir.
Question. Did he take a neat ?
Answer. No, sir; he did not; he did not in
that room. I think he took a seat when he
went into General Schriver's room.
Question. But he neither took a seat nor, as
you recollect, was asked to take a seat?
Answer. Not that I recollect.
Question. After these good mornings passed
what was the next thing?
Answer. General Thomas said that he was
there as Secretary of War ad interim; he was
appointed by the President, and came to take
possession.
Question. Wastherenothingsaid before that ?
Answer. Not to my recollection. I took no
memorandum of anything before that, and
before what I have stated already.
Question. Did I not understand you to say
that Mr. Stanton, when he came in and the
salutes were passed, asked him what business
he had with him ?
Answer. Yes, sir; and in reply to that he
said what I have stated. I did not know you
wished me to repeat what I had stated. I
stated that.
Question. In reply to that question of Mr.
Stanton, what did Mr. Thomas say?
Answer. He said he was there as Secre-
tary of War ad interim, to take possession
of the office. Mr. Stanton told him: "General
Thomas, I am Secretary of War ; you are the
Adjutant General; I order you to your room,
sir."
Question. He ordered him to his room?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. What was the re.ply?
Answer. The reply was that he would not
obey the order; that he (Thomas) was Secre-
tary of War ad interim.
Question. What followed that ?
Answer. I do not know that there was any-
thing further. Very soon after that General
Thomas retired over to General Schriver's
room; Mr. Stanton followed him and asked
me to go over, and I have given you what
occurred there.
Question. After General Thomas left, did
Mr. Stanton tell you why he wanted you to
accompany him?
Ansioer. No.
Question. But he asked you to go with him ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Did you know where he was going ?
Answer. I knew he was going over to that
room.
Question. Did you know he was going to have
a further conversation with General Thomas ?
Answer. I expected so; but he did not say so.
Question. Did he ask any one else besides
yourself to go?
Answer. I expect not.
Question. Did any one else go besides your-
self ?
Answer. Mr. Van Horn and some other gen-
tleman followed.
Question. Did you get into the room as soon
as Mr. Stanton ?
Answer. Immediately after him.
Question. Did you get there before any con-
versation began ?
Answer. 1 think about the time. I followed
immediately, and there was no conversation
of any marked significance until that which I
have mentioned.
Question. What was the conversation, sig-
nificant or not, that took place between Mr.
Stanton and General Thomas after you got into
that room?
Answer. I cannot recite it, because, as I told
you, I did not take a memorandum of it, and
it was not important enough to be impressed
on my mind. I do not recollect.
Question. But you have an impression that
there was some?
Answer. I think there was some—perhaps
joking or something of that kind. They ap-
peared to be in pretty good humor with each
other.
Question. That is, the parties did not seem
to be in any passion at all ?
Answer. Not hostile.
