3140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June IS,
pluses on hand. I think it is due not only to
these other companies, but to the people of
the country, that this should not be an excep-
tion. So far as humanity is concerned the
argument will apply as well to fire, marine,
and accident insurance companies as to life
insurance companies. It is as good an argu-
ment in one case as in the other.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Transportation Companies.
hte^Mler?nacted, That there shall
W « ,?• coltIect«d;,and pald a tax of two and one
2 on gross receipts for the trans-
?tn.miJ0nt(>i-®'^seneer8 CT01'y railroad, canal,
J P ' S"'P; barge, canal-boat, or other vessel
anastage coach or other vehicle, except hacks or
carriages not running on continuous routes, engasred
or employed m the business of transporting passen-
gers lor hire; and on the gross receipts of every toll-
roaa, terry, and bridge, authorized by law to receive
toll tor thetransif.oi passengers vehicles,and freight
S •iany description, over such toll-road, ferry, or
bridge, lhe tax hereby imposed shall not be assessed
upon receipts lor the transportation of passengers
between the United States and any foreign country,
but shall be assessed upon the receipts for such
transportation from a placewithin the United States
through a foreign territory to another place within
tne United btates, and shall be assessed upon and
collected from persons, firms, companies, or corpora-
tions within the Lnited States, receiving hiie or pay
lor such transportation of passengers: Provided, That
no tax under the provisions of this section shall he
assessed upon any person, firm, companv, or cor-
poration, whose gross receipts do not exceed $2,000
per annum; and that when the gross receipts of
any bridge or toll-road shall not exceed the amount
necessarily expended during any term of twelve
consecutive months to keep such bridge or toll-
road m repair, no tax shall be assessed upon the
receipts during tho six months next preceding: And
provided./urther, That all boats, barges, and flats, not
used for carrying passengers, nor propelled by steam
or sails, which are floated or towed by tug-boats or
horses, and used exclusively lor carrying coal, oil,
minerals, or agricultural products to market,shall
be required hereafter, in lieu of enrollment fees or
tonnage tax, to pay as an annual tax, for each arid
every such boat, of a capacity exceeding twenty-five
tons and not exceeding one hundred tons, five dol-
lars; and when exceeding one hundred tons, as afore-
said, shall pay ten dollars; and said tax shall be
assessed a,nd collected as other annual taxes piovided
for in this act.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
word "preceding" and insert "succeeding."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move further to amend
by striking out the words "and used exclu-
sively for carrying coal, oil, minerals, or agri-
cultural products to market."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORNELL. I move to amend by in-
serting in line five, after the word "passen-
gers," the word "only."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORNELL. I move further to insert
after the word " hire," in line eight, the words
" and in lieu of all tonnage tax oil steamboats
or other vessels for carrying passengers." At
present, besides the two and a half per cent.,
there is a tonnage tax imposed upon steam-
boats, while railroads only pay two and a half
per cent, on passenger receipts. This seems
to me unequal and unfair. I have in my hand
the tonnage tax of one steamboat. It pays
for tonnage tax, $870; for boiler and inspec-
tion, $105; for hospital fees, fifty-seven dol-
lars; for license stamps, two dollars; while a
railroad conducting the same kind of busi-
ness pays simply two and a half per cent. I
believe the tonnage tax which is imposed upon
carrying passengers should be stricken out.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know that I want
to oppose the amendment. This tonnage tax
and the other taxes have always, I believe,
been imposed. I do not like to accept the
amendment.
Mr. PIKE. Allow me to suggest that this
tonnage tax now applies to foreign as well as
American steamers. There is a bill now pend-
ing in the House, reported the other day from
the Committee on Commerce, and is to be
taken up immediately after the passage of this
bill, regulating this very matter of the tonnage
tax. I think it will accomplish the object
of my friend from New York [Mr. Cornell]
much better than this amendment. The opera-
tion of this would be to take the tax off all the
foreign steamers. There are steamers running
into the port of New York almost every day in.
the year, and this would abolish the tonnage
tax altogether.
_ Mr. CORNELL. Not at all. It applies to
river and sound steamers, and not to foreign
vessels at all.
Mr. PIKE. I hope this will be remitted to
the bill I have alluded to, which has a section
devoted to the tonnage tax.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. TWICHELL. I move to strike out the
words "and a half," in line three; so that it
willread, " on the gross receipts of railroads,"
&c., "two per cent." I trust there will be no
objection to this from any member of the com-
mittee.
A Member. What is the law now ?
Mr. TWICHELL. It is two and a half. It
is certainly a discrimination against railroads.
I do not propose to discuss the question of the
reasonableness of my proposition. I am sure
it will commend itself to the members of the
committee. There is no reason why it should
be as high as two and a half per cent, on the
gross receipts.
Mr. SPALDING. I think this is right.
There is 110 allowance for expenses.
Mr. SCHENCK. The present charge is two
and a half per cent.; wc have not increased it.
Mr. SPALDING. That is too high.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am willing to submit to
the House whether the lax ought to be reduced.
Mr. TWICHELL. It has been said that the
railroads have all increased their fares. The
road that I represent has not increased the
fare during the war 01- since.
Mr. HOPKINS. I am very glad to hear
that there is one road that has not put up its
fare.
Mr. BENTON. I move to strike out "two
and a half' and insert " three." The railroads
are raising their fares all over the country.
A Member, it will only come back on the
people.
Mr. BENTON. It is notorious that there
is no more profitable business in the country
than this. I yield to the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. SPALDING. Very many of these com-
panies, I know, after charging their expenses
have nothing leit with which to pay this two
arid a half per cent, on their gross receipts.
No allowance is made for drawbacks of this
sort, and they all complain that the tax is too
high. I believe it has been so, and I think
the reduction from two and a half to two per
cent, is a reasonable one. I believe it would
be satisfactory all around.
Mr. BENTON. Let me say. in answer to
what the gentleman says, that if we can rely
upon the information that we receive through
the public press, where the Government has
imposed the tax, it has been doubled and
trebled by the companies and taken out of
their customers, and they virtually have not
paid one single cent of the tax. They have
doubled and trebled and quadrupled the amount
of the tax and charged it to their customers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And does the gen-
tleman propose to increase it still further for
them to make the people pay an additional
amount?
_ Mr. BENTON. No; I do not propose to ^
give them any such chance. I propose-to tax
them and limit them in the increase of their
rates.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In many of the States
they are already limited by law in their rates
of fare.
Mr. BENTON. It has been asserted over
and over again by the New York press, and I
have never seen it contradicted, that where a
tax of one per cent, has been imposed upon
them they have imposed five and ten per cent,
on their customers.
Mr. STARK. W EATHER. I desire to say
a word or two upon this subject. There is no
tax on this whole list, it seems to me, which is
so onerous as this. You tax the entire gross
receipts, and the record shows that half the
companies in the country are to-day, after pay-
ing their expenses, receiving little or nothing
for their investment. More than that, if gen-
tlemen will look at it a little further, they will
see that this applies to boats of every character
on the lakes ana rivers and on the sound. Take
the lafrge companies running 011 Long Island
sound between New York and Boston and the
intermediate places, and these companies with
one single exception have been unable to make
a living out of it. One of those companies
collects perhaps five hundred thousand or a
million dollars during the year and they are
assessed on the entire amount, and with a single
exception those large companies have made
failures. The same thing is true to a great
extent of the companies running on the rivers
and lakes. Why? Because, after paying this
extraordinary assessment, they have nothing
to divide. I hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts will
be agreed to. This tax is not only exceedingly
burdensome to the railroad companies, but is
exceedingly burdensome to the steamboat in-
terest on our lakes, rivers, and sounds.
Mr. BENTON. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Twichell's
amendment, and there were—ayes 49, noes 35;
110 quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Twichell
and Farnswoiitu were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COBURN. I offerthefollowingamend-
ment:
Page 175, line twenty-eight, after the word "pre-
ceding" insert the words "and that when the gross
receipts of any street railroad company in cities and
towns of less tlian seventy-five thousand inhabitants
shall not exceed tho gross expenses during any term
of twelve consecutive months, no tax shall be assessed
upon the receipts during the six months next suc-
ceeding.
The effect of that amend mentis to put street
railroads in towns of less than seventy-five
thousand inhabitants upon a par with bridges
and toll-roads. Such street railroads are kept
in repair and run very frequently in small cities
in the interest of the public rather than of
individuals. The amount that the Government
would lose by reason of the taking off of the
tax, if the tax were taken off where the rail-
roads do not. pay, would be very small. There
are not in the Union perhaps more than twenty-
five cities to which this amendment would
apply.
In the State of New York there are some
thirty-six street railroads, and there are not
five of those thirty-six that do not pay expenses.
In the State of Pennsylvania, out of some
twenty-six. there are only four that do not pay.
And in the State of Massachusetts where there
are twenty, there are but three street railroads
that do not pay.
These railroads of which I speak are not all
in places of less than seventy-five thousand
inhabitants. In such places as Salem, Massa-
chusetts; Troy, New York; Wheeling, West
Virginia; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania; Indianap-
olis, Indiana; Nashville, Tennessee; and other
places, street railroads are not paying institu-
tions. I think it would be a very great hard-
ship if those companies are made to pay a tax
of two and a half per cent, upon their gross
receipts, in addition to their original outlay,
and the expenses to which they are continually
liable. " *
I think it is but right that these street rail-
roads should be put upon an equality with toll-
roads and toll-bridges. The investment that
has been made in a street railroad cannot be
changed, should it prove to be unprofitable.
Having once been built and equipped, it must
be continued in operation, or the entire amount
invested will be lost. As I said before, I
desire to call the attention of the committee
to the fact that the deduction from the revenue
will be but little should my amendment be
adopted, as it applies to those railroads only
where the expenses exceed the receipts.
