1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1093
disrespectfully of another branch of the Gov- ,
eminent is passed by without notice, if not j
rewarded, is a poor, dirty, mean, partisan busi-
ness. which ought to be exhibited to the world._
I hope that if these documents be printed and
the case referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs that committee will, at a very early
day, report what they think ought to be done
in the case of Engineer Sawyer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman give us the names of the members
of the court-martial and state whether it was
one of those courts-martial "organized to con-
vict," in the parlance of the Navy Department?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; on that court-mar-
tial were very respectable gentlemen—Captain
Worden, Captain Almy, and others whose
names I have forgotten—good officers. I am
astonished at their finding ; yet I ought not to
be very much astonished when I remember
that a gentleman formerly connected with the
Navy Department claimed that the Depart-
ment always "organized courts to convict,"
and when I remember also how apt courts-
martial are to find in favor of the leanings of
those holding the power above.
Mr. PRUYN. If the gentleman from Ohio
has finished I would like to say a word or two.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was about to call the
previous question, but I will yield to the gen-
tleman for five minutes.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, this is a very
extraordinary statement, and has been made,
it seems to me, under very extraordinary cir-
cumstances. I hardly know how it got before
the House unless by unanimous consent. But
to forestall the judgment of the House in this
manner, before these papers have been printed
and laid before us, is certainly very extraordi-
nary. I am very glad, however, that the gen-
tleman from Ohio finally avows that the offense
of this officer against his Commander-in-Chief
was one which ought to have been punished,
no matter what were the particular political
views and feelings expressed by him. Cut it
seems to me that the gentleman in finding fault
with the judgment of the court has made a
very grave charge against reputable officers
without any foundation for the charge. What
had they to do with the other matter which he
has brought to the attention of the House ?
They were convened for a specific purpose—to
try an officer on certain charges. They tried
the officer and passed sentence upon him ; and
the gentleman, as 1 understand, admits the
sentence was a very proper one.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; I made no such
admission. I will explain in a moment.
Mr. PRUYN. Now, sir, if any other officer
is censurable he should be presented by the
proper authorities and tried. But why should
the gentleman find fault with the officers of the
court in this case, who were convened simply
to try a person brought before them on specific
charges and to try no other person? This im-
putation, as I understand it to be, upon the
fairness of the Secretary of the Navy in this
matter seems to me quite uncalled for. What-
ever we may find to be the facts when we
come to investigate this question, 1 repeat it
is not fair to the Secretary of the Navy or other
officers of the .Government to bring in a state-
ment of this kind and to pronounce judgment
in this way when the papers in the case have
never been brought to our attention and when
the House at large knows nothing in regard to
the subject. I trust this course of action will
not be adopted hereafter.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to say one word or
two to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Pruyx.] 1 say I think it proper that when
officers are publicly engaged about business as
officers of the Army or Navy they should be
reprehended if they speak disrespectfully of
any department of the Government, or of any
superior officer, but I do not say this sentence
was anything like a proper, just,, or reasonable
sentence. On the contrary, I say it is a harsh
sentence, rendered in reference to a matter
which was more of an ordinary political dis-
cussion outside of anything connected with the
duty of either officer.
Then, again, as to the court. I have stated
my recollection of the members who consti-
tuted the court. Tliey are officers of high
character. Of two or three of them I have per-
sonal knowledge, and my only wonder is tliey
should have rendered a sentence of that kind.
My reference is mainly to the fact that the Sec-
retary of the Navy keeps a detective at this
navy-yard, and I suppose also at eaeh of the
others, who watchcs the words that fall in the
heat of private conversation from officers out-
side of that yard, on a public ferry-boat, though
established as a ferry-boat by the commander
of the yard to carry people back and forth to
the city. And I mean to allude to the Secre-
tary of the Navy, too, when he reads a homily,
as you will find he does in his general order,
on the propriety of such punishment being
made of any person who speaks ill of the Pres-
ident, shutting his eyes to the fact the witnesses
were compelled to admit little by little, that on
their side the conversation was not any more
respectful to another branch of the Government
than was his to the President.
As to not having the papers before the House,
no one is responsible for what I state. 1
introduced the resolution because I learned
something of the facts, and I have drawn them
out. I have read all the papers on the Speak-
er's table, and I am giving my opinion of them
for what it may be worth to this House as a
good reason why we should printas well as refer
that executive communication; and in order
that I may attract public attention to it 1 do
not hesitate to say what my object is.
Mr. PRUYN. I am happy to hear from
that side of the House this denunciation of a
system which we of this side have denounced
heretofore in vain.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am always glad to please
my good friend from New York.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest this be passed
over until to-morrow morning.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
not. We have no time for it. Let us dispose
of it now.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will now yield to jhe
gentleman from the Portsmouth district, New
Hampshire, who wishes to say something.
Mr. ELA. Mr. Speaker, there has been
nothing said by the gentleman from Ohio on
this matter in which I do not fully concur. I
know reports have come to me, from time to
time, in reference to the Portsmouth navy-
yard, that men of Republican sentiments hold-
ing places there were threatened with removal
if they did not either cease the expression of
their views or change their political opinions.
They came from a Democratic paper thor-
oughly in sympathy with the rebellion when it
was in progress. The editor of that paper was
so thoroughly committed to the rebellion that
the people of Stafford county, New Hampshire,
where he was then editing a paper, refused
longer to allow him to continue in that po-
sition. In obedience to those threats officers
were detached and workmen were discharged
from the yard. This detective, whose duty,
if it is anything, ought to be to guard the prop-
erty in that yard and look out for the interests
of the Government, is perhaps on a mission
to this city with information in regard to the
political sentiments of men employed there.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. Is he here
now ?
Mr. ELA. I think not. I hope the gentle-
man who has charge of the bill, when he comes
to see the appropriations that are made upon
the estimates of the Department for this class
of men at the different navy-yards, will take
care that they are stricken out. This boat is
a little steamer passing between Portsmouth
and the navy-yard, and all this conversation
arose upon the provocation of Gihon, who has
been rewarded. Sawyer acted on the defen-
sive. It occurred on board the boat, and not
at the navy-yard; it was not within the limits
of the Government employment at all.
Mr. SCHENCK.
question.
Mr. RANDALL.
Mr. SCHENCK.
Mr'. RANDALL.
I now move the previous
Allow me a minute.
Certainly.
I am very glad, indeed,
that the other side%ave* waked up to this sys-
tem of persecution among laborers which they
adopted and continued four years under Lin-
coln's Administration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. When?
Mr. GARFIELD. Where?
Mr. RANDALL. Now you see where we
had to suffer during the whole of that period.
Committees were appointed to visit the navy-
yards to hunt out poor men simply because
they voted the Democratic ticket. Now you
see the posioned cup has come to your own
lips, and you must continue to suffer just as
you saw us suffer. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman tell me how many good Republicans
were turned out of the navy-yard at Philadel-
phia at the last election?
Mr. RANDALL. Why, sir, none that I
know of; but since that thousands have been
turned out, and they are now about half and
half, as I believe. I think my colleague will
sustain me in that statement.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield a moment to the
gentleman's colleague, [Mr. O'Neiix.J
Mr. O'NEILL. My colleague who has just
sat down [Mr. Randall] represents what is
called the navy-yard district. The navy-yard
is located just around the border of my own
district, so that I am likely to know something
about it. Now I have this to say: that many
men, skilled mechanics, the best in Philadel-
phia, have been turned out of that yard, being
hunted down by Democratic committees ana
by officers who have so acted as to bring the
contempt of the country upon them in hunting
out the politics of these men and getting them
discharged. ■
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman name
a single Democratic committee that has been
hunting them out?
Mr. O'NEILL. No, sir; I cannot give the
names.
Mr. RANDALL. I can give the names of
Republican committees.
Mr. O'NEILL. I have seen them in that
yard, and I know that just as in the case of
this engineer, of whom the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck] has been speaking, men with
the uniform of officers of the Navy of the Uni-
ted States have taken upon themselves this
work and have tried by a sort of court the
political standing of these men and had them
discharged; and I know further, that under
that persecution the very best workmen of
Philadelphia have been turned out of the yard.
Those who were kept there at work under cover
on rainy days under the rule of the Depart-
ment have been turned out because they were
Republicans to make room for less skilled
workmen who were Democrats, thus leaving
the former to work only on the clear working
days, while the latter got work all the time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the House will
remember what the proposition is. It is to
print that which relates to the case of an officer
of the Navy, and has no reference to the case
of any laborers. They have only been brought
in incidentally in this discussion. I do not
wondc-r my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Raxdall] should feel aroused when any allu-
sion is made to laborers in the navy-yard.
Mr. B.AM DALL. Why should I ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Since they have had to
elect Democrats I do not know but they have
done as well as they could have done in elect-
ing such members as the gentleman from Phil-
adelphia, [Mr. Randall.] But that does not
alter the facts as to this ease. I now call the
previous question!
Mr. NIBLACfv. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
