1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4165
sioner of Indian Affairs, reporting a deficiency in the
appropriation made for the subsistence of friendly
Indians amounting to $172,827 11, and invite the at-
tention of Congress to the favorable consideration
of the recommendation oftheComuiissioncroflndian
Affairs, that the above amount be appropriated to
enable the Department to pay the indebtedness to
contractors and special agents as indicated by that
officer.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. II. BROWNING,
Secretary.
Hon. Benjamin F. Wade,
President pro tempore United States Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Let us have the letter of
the Indian superintendent read, and hear what
he says.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have here the letter
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs on the
subject.
Mr. CONNESS. Will not the Senator send
it up to the desk and have it read by the Clerk ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
The PIIESIDENT pro tempore. The letter
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Department of the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs,
Julu 14,1868.
Sir: Referring to the matter of the subsistence of
friendly Indians, and to the appropriation of $300,000,
made last year for that purpose, I have to say that
in each of the contracts made by this bureau for sup-
plies for such Indians there was a clause to the effect
that the contractor should continue furnishing sup-
plies for thirty days after receiving notice to cease
the delivery.
Timely notice was given to the contractors to stop
furnishing supplies; but, owing in a great measure
to the groat distance and isolated location of the
points where thcsubsistence was being issued to the
Indians the agents ot the contractors continued
delivering and the spccial agentsof the Department
continued receiving supplies, until the cost thereof,
together with the cost of articles furnished by various
parties under orders of the Indian peace commis-
sion, and the expenses ineident to the delivery of
the subsistence to the Indians, largely exceeded the
amount of the appropriation.
There ore voucheis now in this office in favor of
Thomas A. Osborn for supplies furnished under his
contract to the amountof $31,012 93, and in favor of
Lewis Stettauer for supplies furnished to about
fifty-lour hundred and seventy-nine Indians in Feb-
ruarv, March, Apiil, and May last, to the amountof
$66,981 65. Total, §98,0^4 58.
I aui also advised that theie are vouchers not yet
presented for payment in favor of Mr. Osborn to the
amount of about $69,802 53 for supplies furnished dur-
ing the month of May last to about fourteen thousand
Indians. This will make aboutthesumof $107,827 11
due and owing to Messrs. Osborn and Stettauer
under their contracts.
In addition to this there will be required for salaiies
of the special agents, and to pay their necessary
expenses the further sum of £5,000, making in all a
deficiency of §172,827 11 in the appropriation for sub-
sistence of friendly Indians.
I respectfully request that this matter be laid bo-
fore Congress, with an urgent recommendation that
the sum of $172,827 11 be appropriated to enable the
Department to settle up thisindebtedness and to pay
the balances due the special agents.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
N. G. TAYLOR, Commies loner,
lion. O. II. Browning-, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. CONNESS. It appears to me, on the
reading of that letter, that the first thing to do
here is to refuse the appropriation, if we have
any regard for the public service or the public
money; and the next thing should be to dis-
miss the Commissioner from office. After that,
in due time we might investigate those vouch-
ers, and ascertain what part of them were
authorized by law or ever had a reasonable
appearance of equity connected with them.
This statement of an official that we appoint
to a high office, one of the most responsible in
this Government, in point of the amount of
money involved, is the most disgracefully loose
one 1 have ever listened to. He says that Con- !
gress made an appropriation of $.300,000 to
subsist Indians, and that the Department, in
accordance with their duty in the premises,
made contracts with certain parties to furnish
supplies to them, putting conditions in those
contracts that the parties supplying should
cease those supplies one month after notice
was served upon them, but, very conveniently
to the persons thus supplying, they did not
receive the notice. The wonder is that they
ever received the notice. It is said that during
Tyler's administration a certain official hold-
ing a mission in one of the South American re-
publics, I believe—he has gone now to Heaven,
I hope, consequently I do not name him—was
recalled ; but the letter of recall could not find
him; and I do not know how many years it
was in finding him. He did not turirup any-
where so that it could look at him.
Here, in this case, the $300,000 sacredly
placed with a high public official in one of the
departments of this Government was not only
expended, but these contractors were allowed
to go on and create additional obligations, ox-
go on and make money ad libitum; and we
are told coolly by an official here, in a commu-
nication addressed to a Department, and now
coming to Congress, that this constitutes a
deficiency in appropriations.
Mr. President, we hear it stated here some-
times, and especially by my friend from Ken-
tucky, who appears to have a Democratic
nightmare, the animal that he is approached
by and in such terror of being a Freedmen's
Bureau, that we are cursed with military ad-
ministration in this land. Notwithstanding
the oppression to my honorable friend I would
have a little more of it. We want some kind
of administration by which some of these
high officials shall be taken out and publicly
executed. Let one man engaged in perpe-
trating those gross frauds against the public
weal and interest, and thus lowering the whole
standard of public morals, thus destroying the
faith of the people in every official agent of
the Government, be suddenly and promptly
put to death, and we would have an end to it.
1 have had some little acquaintance with the
public business, and I never heard such a
statement as this before. Hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars are called for, and the merest
pretense put in here to justify its payment.
Why was not this information sent in at an
earlier period of the session and examined by
the proper committee? Why were not those
vouchers called for? Shall we, in addition to
the vouchers spoken of, appropriate money to
pay for the guesses of the commissioner that
he is informed that there are other vouchers,
amounting to $60,000 yet to come in ? I hope
this body will not appropriate a dollar to make
payment for such charges against the public
Treasury.
We hear very much of the peace com-
mission. While the peace commission are
going on doing their business, as we are fre-
quently told, and with some truth, making a
more economical administration by the use of
money than by the use of arms, there are other
commissioners in the shape of contractors who
have their arms in the Treasury to the shoulder,
pulling out the public money. When the bot-
tom of the purse is reached they call for more,
and it is a matter of course, for is it not a
deficiency?
Mr. WILSON. It is called a deficiency.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes; it is a deficiency.
It would be a wonder if there was not a defi-
ciency in the bag from which they pull. I do
not know when it will be otherwise. I have a
belief that it might be otherwise; and we all
know that it should be otherwise. This letter
is the most curious official production, I wili
guarantee, that has ever yet seen the light. If
there is one Government on the face ot the
earth, or was one even when king Theodorus's
was in operation, that would permit that class
of administration, I should like to know where
it is and what people can stand it. Surely,
sir, we are a patient, forbearing, and ever-and-
ever enduring people.
Now, sir, f hope this appropriation will not
be made, and that these things will not be
called deficiencies.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I rlesire to say a few
words on this subject. The Secretary of the
Interior sends in this recommendation, making
his statement. So far as I know, the integrity
of the Secretary of the Interior has never been
questioned by any human being. The^ Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs (Mr. Taylor)
sends in a letter making a statement of the
facts. [ may not know as much of that gentle-
man, but 1 never heard Mr. Taylors char-
acter fui integiity questioned in any place or
by any person. I believe him to be a man of
honor, a man of truth, a man of good char-
acter, which he has borne in the State where
he lived and has borne here at Washington,
1 believe that the honorable Senator from.
California is entirely misled in his view of the
case.
1 regret that the honorable Senator from
Missouri, who was himself one of the peace
commission, is not in his place. Mr. Taylor,
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, was
another of that commission. General Sher-
man, I believe, was another. General San-
born was another. I cannot state the names
of them all. But it will be remembered that
■when this commission started to go out upon
the plains to make peace with the Indian tribes,
with whom wo were then at war, Congress
made an appropriation of $300,000 to enable
the friendly Indians to be fed and taken care
of. We were at war with from ten to fifteen
thousand Indians—the Sioux, the Arapahoes,
the Cheyennes, and the Kiowas, on both lines
of the railroad, across the plains, up the Smoky
Hill, and up the Platte. Sir, at this very hour
there are fifteen thousand troops stationed upon
those two railroad lines, costing this Govern-
ment $20,000,000 a year; and when this peace
commission went upon the plain, they were at
war with all those Indians, from the British
possessions south and below the Arkansas
river. What did the peace commission go for?
They went to make peace with the Indian
tribes, and Congress put at their disposal
$o00,000. They went out among the Indians ;
they have made treaties of peace ; they have
made peace with those Indians ; and the war
is not now going on at all. In the coarse of
their operations it was impossible for them to
know in advance, for Congress to know in ad-
vance, for the Department to know in advance,
.how large supplies would have to be furnished
to these Indians, and they overran this appro-
priation of $300,000 by $172,000, as the com-
missioner states. That is all there is of it.
I regret that the Senator from Missouri is
not here, because he was one of the peace
commissioners, to explain the matter, because
he was on the ground personally. I only know
of it from report. I believe that that peace
commission was perfectly honorable. I be-
lieve they have accomplished a great good in
making peace with those Indians. I believe
they have saved millions upon millions of dol-
lars to the Government. I have no doubt they
have saved $20,000,000 by going out there.
And yet here were these expenses that they
were subjected to, Mr. Taylor himself being
one of that commission, and General Sher-
man and Mr. Henderson, and others acting
together. It is impossibleto make any treaties
with Indians, and to get them together to talk
with them, without having some supplies fur-
nished, anil those supplies had to be furnished
at far distant points, and points distant from
each other, near Fort Laramie, near some of
the other forts, all the way on the plains be-
tween Powder river and Fort MePherson and
Salt Lake, through that whole region of coun-
try. Medicine Lodge river, where they met
a good many Indians and formed treaties, is
away down below the Arkansas, if I am cor-
rectly informed as to the geography of the
country, and then they had to have supplies
away up by Fort Laramie.
Now, Mr. President, just look at this. Here
are fifteen thousand troops; here is the expend-
iture of $24,000,000 to feed those troops; but
when the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] comes in here with a military bill, or
the Committee on Appropriations with their
bills for supplying deficiencies in paying the
troops, who gets up here in the Senate ana
demands the vouchers ? Where is the man
that gets up here aud says, '' If every voucher is
not presented, not a deficiency sho.ll be paidm
the War Department ?" You never hear any-
thing of that sort about those appropriations.
It if because they are for. the War Depart-
ment, that Department which swallows, and
ingulfs by millions upon millions at a singla
