THE CON(xRESSIONAL GLOBE.
he is the fountain of ail raercy, and it will be
bettor for you so to do." The accused earl
replied to him : "Are ybu. my lord, one of my
judges, that give me such advice here on my
trial for my death?" Jeffries, quailing befoie
the indignant eye of the man whose rights he
was interfering with, said: " No, I rail not one
of your judges; I only advise yon as a friend."
1 desire the precedents fixed now in good time,
as strong as they were before Jefl'ries's time,
so that hereafter, when we get a Jeffries, if wo
ever have that misfortune, he shall lie bound
by them. We have had a Johnson in the presi-
dential chair ; and we cannot tell who may get
into the chair of the Chief Justice in the far
future ; but, if we do ever get a Jeffries in that
chair, I want the precedent upon this point so
settled now that it cannot be in any way dis-
turbed, so as to hold him to the true rule as
with hooks of steel.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair will
state the question for the consideration of the
Senate. The honorable Manager put a ques-
tion to the witness. It was objected to 011 the
part of the counsel for the President. The
Chief Justice is of opinion that it is his duty
to express his judgment upon that question,
subject to having the question put upon the
requisition of any Senator to the Senate. Are
you ready for the question?
Mr. GRIMES. The question is, whether
the judgment of the Chief Justice shall stand
as the judgment of the Senate?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Yes, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir. I raise the ques-
tion that the presiding officer of the Senate had
no right to make a decision of that question.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator is
not in order.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish that question put to
the Senate, sir.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator will
come to order.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I rise for
information from the Cl\air. I beg to inquire
whether the question upon which the Senate is
about to vote is whether the proposed testi-
mony be competent or not, or whether the
presiding officer be competent to decide that
question or not?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is the last ques-
tion, whether the Chair in the first instance
may state his judgment upon such a. question.
That is the question for the consideration of
the Senate. The yeas and nays will be called.
Mr. CONKLIN G. Before the yeas and nays
are called, I beg that the whole of the latter
clause of the seventh rule may bo read for the
information of the Senate.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the Secretary.)
Read the rule.
Mr. HOWARD. Read the whole of the rule.
The Secretary read as follows :
"VII. The Presiding Officer of the Senate shall
direct all necessaiypreparationsin the Senate Cham-
ber, and the presiding ofncei^ upon Uic trial shall
diieet all the 1'orms ot proceeding while the Senate
are sitting lor the purpose of trying an impeachment,
and all form's during the trial not otherwise specially
provided for. The pre-iding ofticer may, in the tlrst
instance, snbmittothe Senate, without a division, all
questions of evidence and incidental questions; but
thesmacshal!,onthedemand of one fifiiiot themem-
beis present, he decided by yeas and nays."
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
after consultation with my associate Managers,
I ask leave to make some additional remarks
to the Senate before this vote be taken and to
call the attention of Senators especially to rule
seven to which the President made reference.
We think ourselves justified in asking the
Senate to consider that rule seven does not
contemplate any departure from the long-
established usage governing proceedings of this
character; in other words, that rule seven
simply does provide that, " The presiding
officer may, in the first instance, submit to
the Senate, without a division, all questions
of evidence aud incidental questions ; but the
same shall, 011 the demand of one fifth of the
members present, be decided by yeas and
nays." We respectfully submit to the Senate,
with all respect to the presiding officer, that
his rule means no more than this: that if no
question be raised by the Senators and one
fifth do not demand the yeas and nays, it
authorizes the presiding officer simply to take
the sense of the Senate upon all such questions
without a division, and there it ends.
I beg leave further to say to the Senators, in
connection with what has fallen already from
my associate, that I look upon this question
now involved in the decision of the presiding
officer as settled by the very terms of the Con-
stitution itself. The Constitution of the United
States, as the Senators will remember, pro-
vides that, the Senate shall have the sole
power to try all impeachments. The expres-
sion, ':the sole power," as the Senate will
doubtless agree, necessarily means the only
power. It includes everything pertaining to
the trial. Every judgment that must be made
is a part of the trial, whether it be upon a pre-
liminary question or a final question. Itseems
to me that the words were incorporated in the
Constitution touching this procedure in im-
peachment in the very light of the long con-
tinued usage and practice in Parliament. It
is settled, I beg leave to remind Senators, in
the very elaborate and exhaustive report of the
Commons of England upon the Lords' Jour-
nals that the peers alone decide all questions
of law and fact arising in such a trial.
It is settled, in other words, that the peers
alone a^e the judges in every case of the law
and the fact; that the lord chancellor presid-
ing is but a ministerial officer to keep order;
to present for the decision of the peers the
various questions as they arise; to take their
judgment upon them ; and there his authority
stops.
And this doctrine is considered so well
settled, I may be permitted to say further,
(here speaking from recollection of that which
I have, however, carefully examined,) that it
is carried into the great text-books of the law
and finds a place in the fourth Institute of
Coke, wherein lie declares that the peers are
the judges of the law and fact, and conduct
the whole proceedings according to the law
and usage of Parliament.
As I understand this question as it is pre-
sented here, I agree with my associate that
it is of very great importance, not only as
touching the admissibility of evidence—for
we ceitaiuly have no ground of complaint of
the presiding officer for the ruling he made
touching the admissibility of the evidence
which we otter through this witness—but as
touching every other question that can arise ;
for example, questions that may involve the
validity, legality, if you please, of any of the
charges pi eferrod in thc.se articles. If such a
ruling were asked here of the presiding officer,
we submit that it is not competent for him to
pronounce any judgment on the subject, that
it is alone for the Senate to determine; and
they determine it simply for the reason, as 1
said before, that they have the sole power to
try all questions involved in (he case.
We stand, then, upon what we believe has
been the uniform practice touching this ques
tion in England, and we consider that the Pres-
ident presiding-now in the Senate has no more
power over this question before the Senate than
has the lord chancellor, when he presides over
the deliberations of the peers, to decide any
question, Being himself a peei, he has but
his own vote. I do not think a case can be
found wherein it was consented by the peers
that the lord chancellor should give a decision
in any case which is to stand as the judgine.it
of the court without consulting the peers. That
is the position that we assume, and we ask it
to be understood and consideied by the Senate.
We understand that the question upon which
the vote of the Senate is to be had is, whether
the Senate shall decide that the presiding offi-
cer, himself not being a member of that body
which is invested with the sole power to try
impeachments, and therefore to decide all
questions in the trial, can himself make a de- j
eision, which decision is to stand as the judg- I
menl of this tribunal unless reversed by a I
subsequent action of the Senate. That 'we
understand to be the question that is submit-
ted, and upon which the Senate is about to
vote.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. And that the Man-
agers cannot raise the question.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM'. It is also sug-
gested by my associate that there is also in-
volved in the question the further proposition
that the Managers, in the event of such decis-
ion being made by the presiding officer, can-
not call even for a review of that decision by
the Senate. <
_ Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate re-
tire for the purpose of consultation.
. Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that is done I
desire to submit a question to the Managers in
accordance with the rule.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Does the ^Senator
from Massachusetts withdraw his motion ?
Mr. WILSON. T. withdraw it for a moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I send to the Chair a
question.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question.
The Secretary read the question of Mr. Sher-
man-, as follows:
I as]-: thoManagers what are the precedents in
the cases of impeachment in the United States Upon
this point? Did tho Vice President, as Presiding
Officer, decide preliminary ciucstions, or (lid he sub-
mit them in tile lirst instance to tile Seriate ?
Mr. Manager BOUT WELL. Mr. President
and gentlemen of the Senate, I am very much
indisposed to ask the attention of the Senate
further. As a question concerning the rights
of the House in this proceeding, it seems to
me of the gravest character; and yet I can
very well foresee that the practical assertion
on all questions arising in a protractcd ti'ial of
the principle which the Managers assert here
in behalf of the House is calculated to delay
the proceeding, and very likely at times to in-
volve us in temporary difficulties. In what I
say I speak with the highest personal respect
for the Chief Justice who presides, being fully
assured that in the rulings he might make
upon questions of law and the admissibility of
testimony he would always be guided by that
conscientious regard for the right for which he
is eminently distinguished.
But I also foresee that if the Managers act-
ing for the House in the case now before the
Senate and before the country, and acting, I
may say, in behalf of other generations and of
other men who unfortunately maybe similaily
situated in future times, should admit that
the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States, sitting here as the presiding
officer of this body for a specified purpose, and
for a specified purpose only, has a right to de-
cide, even as preliminary to the final judgment
of the Senate, questions of law and evidence
which in the end may be vital in the decision
of this tribunal upon the question of tho guilt
or the innocence of the person arraigned, they
would make a surrender, in substance, of the
constitutional rights of the House and the
constitutional rights of the Senate sitting as
tho tribunal to try impeachments presented by
the House of Representatives. With all defer-
ence I maintain that the language of the Con-
stitution, in these words :
"When the President of the United States is tried
the (Jhief Justice shall preside"—
is conclusive without argument. He presides
here not as a member of this body ; for if that
were assumed the claim would be in deroga-
tion, nay, in violation, of another provision of
the Constitution which confides to the Senate
the sole power of trying all impeachments. I
know of 110 language which could be used more
specific in its character, more inclusive and
exclusive in its terms. The language includes,
as has here been maintained by Mr. Manager
BcTi.Kit in the opening argument, all the mem-
bers of the Senate, all tho men chosen under
the Constitution and representing the several
States of the Union, whatever may be their
