1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2119
the power of the humblest individual. Sir, we
are not afraid of the Supreme Court; but it is
true that in the case referred to parties have
been laboring that court to get it to legislate
on questions with which it has nothing to do,
to get it to establish a policy, to .get it to ds-
termine when the war closed. It is true there
has been a long argument there, which we com-
plain of, occupying the time of that court;
and we see now that it is perfectly right that
we should return to our original policy in
regard to that court, under which the country
had. lived for more than three quarters of a
century.
When gentlemen say that we know that the
Supreme Court is to take up our reconstruc-
tion measures and decide them to be unconsti-
tutional, I answer that we have no means of
knowing so ; on the contrary, tlie presumption
is that they would not; the presumption is that
the Supreme Court would bo bound by the law,
and I think if we know anything we know that
the law is with us.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire of the
honorable Senator from Nevada if he is able
to furnish the information upon what ground
it is that McCardle was apprehended, and what
was the nature of the offense with which he
was charged ? I am not very well posted in that
extremely important matter, and I should like
to have the information.
Mr. STEWART. I am unable to give the
precise statement of the facts, although I have
a general impression in regard to them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I can inform the Senator
from Michigan that he was arrested for a
breach of the peace or an attempt to violate
the peace, and for inciting insurrection in Mis-
sissippi. Those were the charges against him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I inquire of the Sen-
ator from Oregon if the only charge against
him was noi founded on matter published in
his newspaper?
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is true ; but the
articles in his newspaperwere intended to pro-
duce resistance to law, and incite insurrection
among the people against the authorities of the
United States in Mississippi. That was the
direct object of these publications.
Mr. HOWARD. Has the Senator from
Oregon the newspaper article?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish it might be read for
our general information.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pojie-
eoy in the chair.) The Senator from Nevada
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to ask the
honorable member from Nevada to allow me
to answer the inquiry of the honorable mem-
ber from Michigan. I am familiar with the
decision which the court has pronounced on
the motion to dismiss the appeal ; and the
grounds upon which the arrest was made are
stated by the Chief Justice in the opinion as
taken from the return of the military officer in
whose custody the relator was. There are four
grounds: the first is disturbing the public
peace: the second is exciting to insurrection ;
the third is libeling General Ord ; and the
fourth is preventing the reconstruction acts
being carried out,
Mr. STEWART. I thank the Senalorfiom
Maryland for stating the charges. Then it
appears that Mr. McCardle was engaged in the
obstruction of the reconstruction laws. He
appears to be admitted on all hands to have
been a rebel, and that may account to some
extent for the sympathy for him in certain
quarters—I do not mean, of course, on the
part of the Senator from Indiana—but it may
account for the sympathy of others: for in-
stance, of such men as Jeff. Davis. It conhl not
certainly account for the sympathy of any Sen-
ator on this floor. I regard the Senator from
Indiana as a loyal man, and I do not presume
that he could have any sympathy with charac-
ters of that kind. It is altogether probable
that the Senator from Indiana, who dwelt afew
moments ago so eloquently upon the case, was
luboiing under the impiessiou that he was
really talking for an oppressed individual, some
party who had been denied his liberty. One
would suppose at the time he was raging against
the outrage Congress was committing in deny-
ing McCardle the privilege of monopolizing the
Supreme Court for this term, and for the next
term, and for all time, to the exclusion of pub-
lic business—McCardle and others who wish to
bring their grievances before that court in the
shape of writs of habeas corpus against the
military who are endeavoring to restrain them
from stirring up insurrection—he supposed
this man had suffered great hardships, and that
something very wrong was done, and for that
reason we should not return to the ancient
practice of the country.
Now, I have no sympathy for McCardle and
I do not think McCardle will suffer. The only
question is whether this is a proper bill to pass,
whether the law of 18(17 as it stood would work
any good. In deciding on such questions we
are always governed by the light of experience.
When we find on our statute-book a law which
has accomplished no good result, and which we
think there are good reasons for repealing, it
is certainly very proper to repeal it. This law
is undoubtedly made use of as one of the
weapons by which the Democratic party seek
to get their political questions before the Su-
preme Court. I do not believe there is a man
in the United States who thinks McCardle
would be affected, substantially, one way or
the other. The case is brought up here, not
for the sake of liberty, but for the purpose of
subserving political ends.
McCardle is on bail; he is not imprisoned.
Who knows but that his whole case is collu-
sive all the way through? No hardshij) is
shown. The only hardship I can see is to
litigants, who are denied justice at the hands
of the court while the Democratic party are
allowed to parade their political theories in
that forum; and I say that if any legislation
furnishes a pretext or excuse for diagging that
high tribunal into the political arena it ought
to bo repealed. I want that tribunal preserved
to the people. I do not wish to see the judi-
cial ermine dragged into political contests.
If McCardle gets any relief in that court it
will be because rebels have the right, to dic-
tate the terms of reconstruction and there is
no power in this Government to secure the
fruits of victory; it will be predicated upon
the right of the conquered to dictate terms to
the conqueror ; and therefore we have no right
to presume that the Supreme Court will adopt
any such rule. We have no right to presume
that the Supreme Court will say that the rebel
States are still, and have been all the time,
States of the Union. We have no right to
presume that the court will act upon any such
theory ; but still we desire to relieve them from
further trouble in this direction ; we desire to
give litigants an opportunity to have their cases
heard ; we do not desire to have McCardle or
any one else stir up insurrection in the South
and attempt to get the Supreme Court to com-
mand our armies.
If the Supreme Court has jurisdiction of this
matter of war and of reconstruction why did
it not begin before? If it could say when the
war should terminate or when it hud termi-
nated why did it not begin before? hy did
it not issue an injunction and stop the firing
upon Fort. Sumter? V* hy did it not declare
after the bottle of Antietam that peace had
conic ? Why did it not declare at the time of
the surrender of Lee that peace had come?
Why did it let Mr. Johnson go on with his niil-
itary establishment until the passage ot the
reconstruction acts? for he did continue to ex-
ercise military authority all that time. It is a
late day for the court to inteiiere now. It it
had jurisdiction it should have stopped the
waste of blood, the waste of treasure.^ the sac-
rifice of blood and life in the war. The mere
statement of the proposition that that court is
to determine when the military power shad
cease and when the civil tribunals shall luivc
control shows that it lias nothing to do with it;
and if the ael now on the staUlc-buok can be
construed to make military chieftains of the
members of the Supreme Court, and have them
control our armies in that country which re-
mains still unreconstructed—if it can be con-
strued in that way, and their time is to be thus
occupied, there is no public reason why the aet
should not be repealed; and the private reasoii,
so far as McCardle is concerned, the less it is
investigated, so far as that rebel is concerned,
the better the whole case will appear for the
Opposition.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, in what I
am about to say I shall not be under the influ-
ence of any feeling; nor shall I deem it neces-
sary to vindicate the Supreme Court against
what I am forced to call the reckless charges
of the honorable member from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart ;] but before I proceed to examine
what the Supreme Court have done in relation
to the case to which the honorable member
has referred I deem it advisable to understand
exactly what the question before the Senate is.
The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides that " the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus shall not be suspended unless when, in
cases of rebellion or invasion, the public safety
may require it." The Supreme Court of the
United States decided unanimously, in what
was known as the Milligan case, that at the
termination of the war there was no authority
to establish anywhere within the limits of the
United States military commissions for the
purpose of trying any person who did not
belong to the Army or the Navy in some rela-
tion or other. The difference between the
judges in that case was not upon that point at
all. They held, all of them, that as the law
then stood, under the act of Congress which
had been passed at that time, there was no
authority to try by military commission a citi-
zen not connected with the Army in the State
of Indiana.
A majority of the judges held that in time
of war, wdien the courts of the United States
were open and the State courts were open,
where the war had not in point of fact made
its appearance, Congress had no power by law
to provide for the trial of offenses committed by
civilians. The Chief Justice and two of the
judges wdio concurred with him held that in a
time of war the States, all of them, might be
in such a situation that Congress could, under
the war powers, authorize the trial of civilians
by military commission ; but all of the judges,
as I have just stated, concurred in holding, and
none in more positive terms than the eminent
man who stands now at the head of that tri-
bunal, that wdien the war was ended, when
peace prevailed, the Constitution of the United
States was at once reinstated all over the coun-
try, and that that inhibited the trial of civilians
by military commission, they being entitled to
the protection which the Constitution of the
United States, in the trial of offenses, guaran-
ties to the alleged offender.
Mr. President, the war ended in April, 1865.
Then we had a problem to solve. Many of
the officers of the Army and many of those
employed by the Government that were not
officers of the Army, including Cabinet minis-
ters and including, perhaps, the President him-
self, had done acts which the State courts
might hold, and some of the circuit courts of the
United States might, bold, were unauthorized
by tho Constitution; and that they therefore
might be liable in damages at the suit of the
persons who might have been aggrieved. I
thought, as I believe every member of the
Judiciary Committee thought, that there ought
to be a law to provide that cases of that de-
scription should be brought to the Supreme
Court of the United States, and that for that
purpo.-e, w hen such cases were instituted in the
State courts, the officer or the agent of the Gov-
ernment sued should have the privilege upon
application of having his case removed into the
circuit, court of the United States in the dis-
trict where he was sued, and that it nj'gh'
finally come to the Supreme Court for adjudi-
cation. All consented iliat that whs the west
anil ltic only constitutional mode uf sealing the
