1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
the land may be entered at $1 25 per acre;
which was refer-red to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Nebraska, praying the establishment of a mail
route from Lincoln to Beaver Creek, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Iowa and Nebraska, praying the establishment
of a tri-weekly mail route from Little Sioux,
Iowa, to West Point, Nebraska; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Nebraska, praying for the establishment of
a mail route from Beatrice to Millford. in that
State; which were referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise, in connection with
the matter that I noticed yesterday morning,
the reports of the Associated Press, to say, in
justice to the reporter who is now engaged in
making those reports, that they are generally
made with great exactness, and that in the case
to which 1 alluded yesterday they were so
made, but the transposition took place at the
telegraph office in this city. I make this ex-
planation in justice to the reporter, who does
his work well..
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 813) requiring persons
applying to Congress for the extension or re-
newal of patents to give public notice thereof,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of officers, detectives, and
employes of the Board of Police of Washing-
ton city, praying an increase of compensation,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petitions of Samuel W. Mau-
rice, John C. Blvans, and William J. Clark,
praying a compensation for services rendered
as assistant assessors of internal revenue in
South Carolina, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration, and that they be
referred to the Committee on Finance ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the clerks of De-
partments and other employes in theeivil ser-
vice at Washington, praying an extension of the
joint resolution approved February 28, 1867,
granting additional compensation, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Finance ; which was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 337) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the construction of cer-
tain bridges, and to establish them as post
roads," reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Ethan Ray Clarke and Samuel
Ward Clarke, praying confirmation of title to
certain lands in the State of Florida, reported
a bill (S. No. 847) to confirm the title of Ethan
Ray Clarke and Samuel Ward Clarke to cer-
tain lands in the State of Florida, claimed
under a grant from the Spanish Government:
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
ISRAEL S. DIE1IL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Commit-
tee on Finance, to whom was referred the joint
resolution |S. R. No. >J2) for the relief of Israel
S. Diehl, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment and recommend its pas-
sage. I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to considor it at this time. I am sure
when it is explained there will be no objection
to it.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to remit the duties charged on the import-
ation of a number of Cashmere or Angora
goats, imported for the introduction of the
breed into a portion of the United States by
Israel S. Diehl, and to cause to be returned to
him $135 in gold deposited by him with the
deputy collector of the port of New York,
November 29, 1867, on account of the payment
of this duty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state,
for the information of the Senate, that Mr.
Diehl was sent outas commissioner of the Agri-
cultural Department, and while in Asia Minor he
bought about one hundred and sixty of these An-
gora goats and brought them to New York,
losing on the way some thirty or forty of them.
When he went away the law provided that
such animals imported for breeding purposes
should be exempt from duty, as they had
almost always been from the foundation of the
Government; but in May, 18GG, after the term-
ination of the reciprocity treaty, in order to
obtain a duty upon horses, cattle, sheep, and
hogs, which were being imported in large num-
bers from the British provinces, a joint reso-
lution was passed imposing a duty of twenty
per cent, upon all living animals. Of course,
under such a resolution there was no exemp-
tion of animals imported for breeding pur-
poses. That resolution, however, was passed
in the expectation that within a month or two
from that time the general subject would be
taken up and the usual provisions in relation
to the importation of animals for breeding pur-
poses would be adopted; but no legislatityi
having been passed upon the subject, all ani-
mals now imported are subject to a duty of
twenty per cent. I conceive that there is no
Senator who would object to the importation
of these animals, as, of course, it can be for no
other purpose than for breeding, as there are
very few in the country at the present time;
and it is very desirable, if they can be raised,
as I understand they can be, in Missouri aud
Kansas to as much advantage as in any other
part of the world. I trust there will be no
objection to the resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
RAILROAD AT PORTLAND, OllEGOX.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lauds, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 21f>) to amend an act entitled "An act
grafting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Central
Pacific railroad, in California, to Portland, in
Oregon," have instructed me to report it back
with an amendment as a substitute, and I ask
that the bill be put on its passage at this time.
Mr. CONKL1NG. What is the bill?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is a bill that does not
appropriate a dollar of money or a foot of land;
it simply extends the time for the construction
of the road named. It is just like many bills
that have passed the Senate without any oppo-
sition.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that the bill be
read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read for information.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose only the sub-
stitute need be read.
The Secretary read the reported amendment,
which was to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill and in lieu of the words
stricken out to insert:
That section six of an act entitled " An act grant-
ing lands to aiil iu (lie construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Central P.-u-ifie railroad, in
I California, to Portland, in Orcson," approved July
25, 18tiG.be so amended asto provide that, instead of
! the times now fixed in said section, the first section
: ot twenty miles of said railroad and telegraph shall
j be completed within two years from the passage ot
1 this act, and at least twenty miles- iu each thiecyears
! thereafter, nnd the whole on or before the 1st day oi
1 July. A. X>. 1880.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish the Senator who
has this bill in charge would tell us a little
about it. I would like to know, for example,
whether it has been reported by the committee
or not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. When I made the report
I stated that I was instructed by the Committee
on Public Lands to report this substitute for
the bill. . It simply provides for extending the
time. This road is located, so far as Oregon
is concerned, in the heart of the Willamette
valley, and there is little or no land that can
be taken under the act of 18U6. The people
there are struggling to build this road as far as
possible from their own resources, and it is
exceedingly difficult for a weak people as they
are, comparatively speaking, to construct sucb
a road. It has been ascertained that the time
fixed in the original law is too short to enable
them to complete the road, and this-bill is to
grant an extension of the time. Bills of this
description are passed without objection for
other States. It does not take one cent out
of the Treasury or add anything to the appro-
priation of land contained in the former act.
Mr. STEWART. A great mistake has grown
up in regard to what is granted by these land-
grant acts in many instances. It is supposed
that we have granted very large amounts of
land, and this is an illustration of the mistakes
which grow up. I have seen the number of
miles figured up, and consequently the number
of acres of land granted to a road like this.
This road goes through the Willamette valley,
which is settled up, and h^s been for years.
Perhaps the grant may extend somewhat on the
hills and lay hold of some lands there that can-
not really be occupied. What aid we extend
to this road by the land grant amounts to a
mere bagatelle. Itgivesthemalittle encourage-
ment and perhaps helps them on somewhat.
It should be distinguished from a land grant
made through the prairies of the West, where
in many instances the companies have got the
full amount. The popular idea that these
grants all convey good lands to the extent of
the number of acres which the grant would call
for if there were lands to be taken, when in
fact the land is either occupied by settlers or is
a desert, is a great mistake in the public mind.
There is very little granted to this road, and it
would be a great hardship to require them to
either forfeit the little grant they have got or do
an utter impossibility.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
from Nevada if there is anything in this bill
beyond the pimple proposition to waive the
forfeiture on the part of the Government be-
| cause the road has not been completed exactly
at the time fixed?
Mr. STEWART. It merely extends the
I time; nothing else.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire of the
Senator from Oregon at what time these lands
! become forfeited?
Mr. WILLIAMS. The act making the grant
was passed on the 2-jth of July, 1800, and they
become forfeited in two years from the date of
that act. So unless this bill is passed between
, this time and the "Joth of next Jul}' the lands
' will be forfeited. The parties are at work on
j' the road now. The city of Portland has just
| subscribed $2-50.000 to aid in the construction
]' of the road, and the people are subscribing
larsely to the extent of their means to com-
i plete "it, and very little aid, if any. is derived
| to the road from the lands lying along the first
| sections. _
! Mr. HOWARD. What portion of the road
has been completed already ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. None of it. Not one mile
of it is completed.
Mr. STEWART. Some parties have been
at work surveying it since they got the grunt,
as I understand.
Mr. HOWARD. The road has been sur-
veyed and- the lands reserved, then, on each
side of the route?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir; the route of
the road has been surveyed and the plat of
