1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Indiana, because they dig it in the one place
and do not in the other. The tax is collected
where the article is found. And the fact that
this mode of conveyance is taxed more in one
part of the country than another is compensa-
ted by the fact that in other parts of the coun-
try other taxes are more while in this part of
the country they are less. In other words,
there is no inequality m the matter, because
you tax the mode of conveyance, no matter
where it may be found. And in one part of
the country you tax one investment of capital,
and in another part of the country you tax
another investment. It does not follow that
California is hardly treated because she pays
one fifth of all the tax raised in the United
States upon stage-coaches. Other States might
respond that they had paid taxes upon rail-
roads very largely beyond their proportion in
extent of territory and amount of population.
There is a fallacy in the statement and argu-
ment the gentleman has made upon the in-
equality there is in the matter of this taxation.
.Now, sir, the Committee of Ways and Means
in this matter have not gone beyond the pres-'
ent law. They have reported in this bill the
same provision upon this subject that there is
in the present law. We have been unable to
see why capital invested and employed in one
kind of business should be freed from taxation
any more than capital invested and employed
in another kind of business. One thing is
certain, those who invest their capital in any
business do so with a view to the profits they
expect to derive upon it. If one kind of business
becomes unprofitable, through competition or
any other cause, they shift their investment
into something else ; and thus the whole thing
natnrally finds something like a level.
Mr. FARNSWURTH. Will the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means be kind
enough to state, as I believe he has the returns
before him, how much revenue has been
derived from this tax on railroads, steamboats,
&C., during the past year?
Mr. 8CHENCK. The gross revenue col-
lected^ under this provision from railroads has
been, in round numbers, $4,128,000; on ships,
barges. &c., $4,876; on stage-coaches, &c.,
$241,297 ; and on steamboats, $91,805, making
an aggregate of between five and six million
dollars.
The amendment of Mr. Hioby was not agreed
to ; there being—ayes five, noes not counted.
Mi-. DRIGGS. I move to amend by adding
at the end of this section the following:
Provided, That no tax shall be assessed upon the
gross receipts of any steamboat or ferry-boat, where
the same have not amounted to the actual expense
incident to running the same for the six months pre-
ceding, upon the production of satisfactory proof to
the assessor of such fact.
Mr. Chairman, I would not have proposed
this amendment but that I have felt it to be
my duty to do so. I am satisfied that no tax
should be levied on the proceeds of any busi-
ness or enterprise when those receipts do not
equal the actual expenses. I think, sir, that
the cases contemplated by my amendment are
peculiar, and perhaps different from any others
which have been presented to the attention of
the committee. In some of the newer sections
of the country, it frequently happens that little
steamers are started to run to and from places
where small communities have been built, up;
and this means of communication is a matter
of absolute necessity in order to accommodate
the people of those settlements. In my own
district, a gentleman during the last year ran
two boats in that way, which were supported
to a great extent by the citizens, who paid
double fare in order to keep them running, and
to make the receipts somewhere near the ex-
penses. That gentleman was assessed of course
upon the gross receipts of those boats. Now,
it seems to me that there is a great hardship
in imposing such taxation. In many cases
these steamers and ferry-boats ply but a few
miles. They have been charged, in some in-
stances, custom-house fees on departing and
arriving. In regard to some boats of this char-
acter in which my own constituents were inter-
814S
ested, I procured a remission of those charges.
I believe that such enterprises should be re-
lieved also from this tax on the gross receipts.
I think such exemption is equally just with the
provision exempting toll-roads and toll-bridges.
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. ALLISON. I oppose the amendment,
and ask for a vote.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend the
pending section by striking out the word "two"
before the words "per cent..," and inserting
in lieu thereof the word " seven and also by
striking out "gross" before the word "re-
ceipts," and inserting "netso that the sec-
tion will read:
That there shall bo levied, collected, and paid, a tax
ol seven per cent, on the net receipts for the trans-
portation of passengers of every railroad, canal, &c.
Mr. Chairman, I do not know that this
amendment will meet the concurrence of a
majority of the committee; but, whether it
shall be adopted Or not, I want to enter my
protest against the principle involved in this
section.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What does my col-
league mean by " net receipts?"
Mr. INGERSOLL. Receipts over and above
the expenses of operating the road, canal, or
whatever it may be.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then you mean
profits?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why not say "net
profits?"
Mr. INGERSOLL. There may be a dis-
tinction between receipts and profits; because
out of the net receipts or earnings of the road,
a company might have to pay interest on its
bonded or funded debt; but still those net
earnings would be profit on the running of the
road for the particular year. What I design
to accomplish by this amendment is that no
railroad company or similar corporation shall
be obliged to pay taxation on gross receipts,
but only on the surplus after the expenses
of conducting the business have been paid.
Whether the committee shall agree with me or
not, I for one want to enter my protest against
the whole principle of assessing a tax on gross
receipts. There is no justice, no equity in such
a principle. Take, for instance, the railroads
in the State of New York. The New York
Central railroad earns annually $14,000,000
of gross receipts, while its net receipts amount
to $4,000,000; that is the amount left after
paying the expenses of operating the road.
The Erie railroad earns, in round numbers,
$14,000,OOOofgross receipts, while its expenses
are about ten million dollars, leaving $4,000,000
of net receipts. I think, sir, those roads paid
about two hundred and eighty thousand dollars
each per annum upon their gross earnings.
Mr. MAYNARD. My friend will pardon
me. That was paid out of the gross earnings,
and not out of the net earnings as he calls thesn.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Many of our roads, and
the gentleman will see the distinction, pay on
their gross receipts and have no balance left.
They have to pay on the gross earnings of the
road even if they sink money in the opera-
tion. That is the proposition here. And, sir,
not one half of the railroads in the United
Statespay dividends to the stockholders. Take
the roads in Minnesota and Wisconsin and
elsewhere. There are roads now building in
Illinois, extensions of roads in operation, which
have never paid one farthing of dividend,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it not in the power
of these railroad corporations to make these
dividends as they please?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Ifthey are rascals, then
make laws to detect them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Cannot they take
them off in a thousand ways ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not want my
time taken up with that question. Mr. Chair-
man, I object to taxing gross receipts. There
are many new enterprises, such as the manu-
facture of sugar from beets, and so on, in which
capital is invested, and if you tax the gross
receipts, you tax them when in reality they, in
the beginning of these now enterprises, may
nave suffered very heavj* losses. You tax them
when they have already borne losses in the
hopes that in the end the enterprise will be a
success. I do not undertake to break down
the revenuS from this source. I say that a rail-
road corporation is better able to pay seven
per cent, en the net receipts than two per cent.
on the gross receipts.
[Here the hammer fell.] '
_ Mr. ALLISON, I desire to say one word
in reply to the various amendments, and then
to move that the committee rise to close debate
on this section. • It is perfectly certain, Mr.
Chairman, that from some source we must
raise revenue. This practice of raising rev-
enue from gross receipts is in accord with
almost every provision in this tax bill. We
tax manufacturers so much on sales. Even
if they have lost $10,000 each on their manu-
factures, still they must pay the tax. So with
the wholesale merchants, If they lose, still
they must pay the tax. During the last year
we secured about six million dollars from this
source, and there are other subjects which can
be better relieved than this.
Mr. MAYNARD. If we pass this emascu-
lated section, how much will it give?
Mr. ALLISON. We will gain nothing if
these amendments are adopted.
Mr. HARDING. Iask the gentleman to in-
form me whether every dollar of this $6,000,000
does not come at last from the people upon
whom these corporations, taking the burdens
off their own shoulders, put them? Do not
these companies collect this tax from the peo-
ple? Does the gentleman understand me?
Mr. ALLISON. I do. I do not know that
railroad and transportation companies do so.
But, sir, in some States they cannot do it.
Whatever is imposed upon the New York Cen-
tral railroad is compelled to come out of the
stockholders of that company. It is the same
with some street railroads. They cannot charge
it upon their fares.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Do you know any other
railroad beside the New York Central where
that is the case?
Mr. ALLISON. These railroads do charge
it over. It is a heavy burden, I know, but I
want gentlemen who ask that these companies
may be released from taxation to provide some
means by which taxes shall be obtained from
some other source. If it is the object of gen-
tlemen to repeal all taxes, then let us do it, and
reverse this whole principle. But I say there
is no tax more just than this upon transporta-
tion, especially when wc have reduced it one
per cent. Last year we took off all the tax on
transportation or freight, because we thought
it was a burden on the people. I hope the
next year we can take off this entirely. I agree
it is a burden, but it is one.we must endure for
the time being. Therefore 1 hope the several
amendments interfering with the revenue to be
received from this source will not be adopted.
Mr. H1GBY. I can tell the gentleman how
to remedy it. By equalizing taxation—not by
throwing off all taxes, but by equalizing them.
Mr. ALLISON. I am obliged to the gen-
tleman for the suggestion. 1 move that the
committee rise.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me? I think if hs will agree
to strike out $2,000 and insert $1,000 it will
relieve a great many of these little stage com-
panies and turnpike companies.
Mr. ALLISON. I will agree to that. I
believe it is a just and fair amendment. If
the gentleman had not made it $6,000 I would
have voted for it before.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I make that
motion.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order now.
Debateisexhaustedonthependinga'mendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out the
word " receipts."
Mr. SCHENCK. Can the gentleman modify
his own amendment and thus mate another
speech ?
