62
SUPPLEMENT TO
qualities, whatever may be their capacities,
■whatever may be their interests, whatever may
be their affiliation with or to the person ac-
cused. The Senate sits in its constitutional
capacity to decide under the Constitution the
question of the guilt of the accused, with all
the felicities and with all the infelicities which
belong to the tribunal organized under and by
virtue of the Constitution. We must accept
it as it is, with no power to change it in any
particular.
So, also, the words of the Constitution are
exclusive. With all deference I am forced to
assert and maintain that these words exclude
every other man, whatever his station, rank,
position elsewhere, whatever his relations to
this body under or by the Constitution. The
Senate by the Constitution has the sole power
to try all impeachments, and no person not of
the Senate, and exercising the functions of a
Senator in legislative and executive affairs, can
in any way interfere to control or affect their
decision or their judgment in the slightest de-
gree. Therefore, Mr. President, it mustfollow
as a constitutional duty that the Senate, without
advice, as a matter of right, must decide every
incidental question which by any possibility can
control the ultimatejudgment of the Senate upon
the great question of the guilt or innocence of
the party accused. If under any circumstances
the testimony of a witness proffered may be de-
nied or may be admitted upon the judgment of
any person or by any authority, except upon the
judgment and authority of the tribunal before
which we here stand, then a party accused and
impeached by the House of Representatives
maybe acquitted or he maybe convicted upon
any authority or opinion which is not in fact
the judgment of the Senate itself. Upon this
point I think there can finally be uo difference
of opinion.
But, Mr. President, as one of the Managers,
and without having had an opportunity to
consult iny associates on the point, and speak-
ing, therefore, with deference to what, may be
their judgment, or what might be the judgment
of the House, I should be willing to proceed
in the conduct of this case upon the under-
standing that the right is hero and now solemnly
asserted by the Senate for themselves and as
a precedent for all their successors that every
question of law is to be decided by the Senate
without consultation with the presiding oflicer.
I hold that the judgment must be exclusively
with the Senate. Still 1 am willing that in all
these proceedings the presiding officer of the
Senate shall give his opinion or his ruling,
if you please to call it a ruling, upon questions
incidental of law and evidence as they arise,
unless some member of the Senate or the Man-
agers or the counsel for the respondent should
lirst desire the judgment of the Senate.
I happen to have an extract from the record
in the ease referred to by my associate, and I
will read it in the presence of the Senate.
In the trial of Lord Melville, which is re-
ported in the twenty-ninth volume of the State
Trials, Lord Chancellor Erskine evidently acted
upon this idea. Upon a question of the ad-
missibility of testimony, it having been argued
by the manngers on one side and the counsel
for the respondent on the other, Lord Erskine
said :
"If ftny noble lord is desirous that this subject
should )>e a matter of further consideration ill the
Chamber uf Parliament, it will be proper that he
shouid n<nv move to adjourn^ if not, I llavo formed
an opinion, and shall express it."
To that theory of the administration of the
duties of the Chair with reference to the rights
of the House of Representatives and to the
rights of the respondent, for myself, I should
not object; but I cannot conscientiously, even
in this presence, consent to the doctrine as a
matter of right that the presiding officer of the
Senate is to decide interlocutory questions, and
especially to decide them under such circum-
stances that it will not be in the power of the
Managers to take the judgment of' the Senate
upon the wisdom and justice of the decision.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. By leave of the
Senate 1 desire to read in their hearing an
abstract which I have made touching this ques-
tion from the authorities to which I referred,
and which I believe is accurate. I read first
in the hearing of the Senate the abstract which
was made from the report of the Commons of
England upon the Lords Journals:
" Relation of Judges, <£c., to tile Court of Parliament.
" Upon examining into the course of proceeding in
the House of Lords, and into ihe relation which ex-
ists between the peers on the one hand, and their
attendants and assistants, the judges of the realm,
barons of the exchequer Of the coif, the king's
learned counsel, and the civilians masters of the
chancery on the other, it appears to your committee
that these judges and other persons learned in the
common and civil laws are no integrant and neces-
sary part of that court. Their writs of summons are
essentially different; and it does not appear that they
or any Of them have, or of right ought to have, a de-
liberative voice, either actually or virtually, in the
judgments given in the high court of Parliament.
Their attendance in that court is solely ministerial;
and their answers toquestions put to them are notto
be regarded as declaratory of the law of Parliament,
but as merely consultory responses, in order to fur-
nish such matter (to be submitted to the judgment of
the peers) as may be useful in reasoning by analogy,
so far as the nature of the rules in the respective
courts of the learned persons consulted shall appear
to the peers to be applicable to the nature and cir-
cumstances of the case before them, and not other-
wise."—8 Burke p. 42; Report on the Lords Journal;
Trial of Warren Hastings.
In the volume of Burke here quoted the re-
port is set out at length. I read farther from
the same report:
" Jurisdiction of the Lords.
" Your committee finds that in all impeachments
of the Commons of Great Britain for high crimes and
misdemeanois, before the peers in the high court of
Parliament, the peers are not triers or jurors only,
but by the ancient laws and constitution of this king-
dom known by constant usage are judges both of
law and fact; and we conceive that the Lords are
bound not to act in such a manner as to give rise to
an opinion that they have virtually submitted to a
division of their legal powers, or that, putting them-
selves into the situation of mere triers or jurors, thoy
may suffer the evidence in the cause to be produced
or not produced bclore them, according to the dis-
cretion of the judges of tho inferior courts"—S Burke,
p. 42: Report on the Lords Journals; Trial of War-
ren Hastings.
I read, also, the extract from fourth Institute
to which I before referred:
"It is by tho laws and customs of Parliament that
all weighty matters in Parliament moved concern-
ing the peers of the realm, &c., ought to be determ-
ined, adjudged, and discussed by the course of the
Parliament, and not by the civil law, and yet by the
common law of this realm used by the more inferior
courts; for this reason the judges ought not to give
any opinion in amatterof Parliament."—Fourth In-
stitute, page 15.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President,
there was a question asked by one member of
the Senate as to the precedents. I have sent
for tho trial of Judge Chase, which I read from
the third volume of Benton's Abridgment of
the Debates of Congress. The rule in that
case was in tho following words:
" All motions made by tho parties or their counsel
shall be addressed to the President of the Senate, and,
if he shall require it shall be committed to writing,
and read at the Secretary's table; and all decisions
shall be had by yeas and nays, and without debate,
which shall be entered on the records."
In the course of the trial there arose this
question : whether a Mr. Hay, a witness in the
case, should use a certain paper to refresh his
memory.
"Mr. Harper lierc interrupted Mr. Hay, and said:
'The witness may refer to anything done by himself
at tho time the occurrence ha ppened which he relates,
lint I submit it to the court how correct it is to refer
to what was not done by him, or done at the time.'
"The President asked Mr. Ilay whether the notes
were taken by him.
" Mr. Hay. The statement was made by different
persons. Borne parts were made by myself, perhaps
tho greater part; the rest by Mr. Nicholas and Mr.
Wirt. I believcl shall be able to statefrom it every
material occurrence which took place at the time.
"The President. Ilavcyouthe parts made byyour-
self separate?
" Mr. Hay said he had not.
" The President then put the question, whether the
witness should be permitted to use tho paper; and
the question being taken by yeas and nays, passed in
the negative—yeas 1G, nays IS."
There, upon the question whether Mr. Hay
should refresh his memory on the stand by
notes which were not made by himself, which
was certainly an incidental question of law,, the
President, instead of undertaking to decide it
in Chase's case, directly put the question to
the court aud had it decided in the first instance
by yea or nay, not expressing any opinion
whatever upon that question.
We have nothing further to add.
Mr. EVARTS. I rise, Mr. Chief Justice
and Senators, to make but a single observa-
tion in reference to a position or an argument
pressed by one of the honorable Managers to
aid the judgment of the Senate upon the ques-
tion submitted to it. That question we under-
stand to be whether, according to the rules of
this body, the Chief Justice presiding shall
determine, preliminarily, interlocutory ques-
tions of evidence and of law as they arise,
subject to the decision of the Senate upon pre-
sentation by any Senator of the question to
them. The honorable Manager, Mr. Boutwell,
recognizing the great inconvenience that would
arise in the retarding of the trial from this
appeal to so numerous a body upon every in-
terlocutory question, while he insists upon the
magnitude and importance of the right de-
termination, yet intimates that the Managers
will allow the Chief Justice to decide, unless
they see reason to object. On the part of the
counsel for the President, I have only this to
say; that we shall take from this court the
rule as to whether the first preliminary deci-
sion is to be made by the Chief Justice or is to
be made by the whole body, and we shall not
submit to the choice of the Managers as to
how far that rule shall be departed from.
Whatever the rule is we shall abide by it. But
if the court determines that in tho first instance
the proper appeal is to the whole body on every
interlocutory question, we shall claim as a mat-
ter of right and as a matter of course that that
proceeding shall be had.
Mr. Manager BOUTWEEL. That is con-
ceded, Mr. President. We do not debate that
point.
Mr. WILSON. I renew my motion that the
Senate retire for consultation.
Mr. THAYER. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope we shall not retire.
Several Senators.* Debate is out of order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator is out
of order.
Mr. CAMERON. Well, I only say that.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—-yeas 25, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cole, Conness,
Corbett, Davis, Dixon, Edmunds, Fowler, Grimes,
Hendricks, Howe. Johnson, McCreery. Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont. Morton, Norton, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pomeroy, Ross, Vickers, Williams, and Wilson'—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Catteli, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Cragin, Doolittle, Drake, Ferry, i'essenden,
Frclinghuysen, Henderson, Howard, Morgan, Nye,
Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
and Willoy—25.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bayard, Harlan, Wade,
and Yates—1.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. On this question
the yeas are 25 and the nays are 25. The
Chief Justice votes in the affirmative. The
Senate will retire for conference.
The Senate, with the Chief Justice, thereupon
(at seven minutes before three o'clock) retired
to their conference room for consultation.
The Senate having retired,
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
order:
Ordered, That under the rules, and in accordance
with tho precedents in the United States in cases
of impeachment, all questions other than those of
order should be submitted to the Senate.
After debate,
Mr. HENDERSON moved to postpone the
present question for the purpose of taking up
for consideration the seventh rule, that he
might propose an amendment thereto.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays
on this motion, and they were ordered; and
being taken resulted—yeas 82, nays 18; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew. Cam-
eron, Catteli, Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler, Frclinglmy-
sen, Henderson, Hendricks. Johnson, McCreery,
Morrill of Vermont. Norton, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Sprague. Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers, Wil-
ley, and Williams—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Conkling, Conness,
