2120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
supposed difficulty, tei-minating such contro-
versies, ascertaining what were the rights of
the officers who had acted under the authority
of the Government during the war, and whether
it was in the power of Congress to provide that
they, should not be responsible for anything
that they did under the authority of the United
States. How was that to be accomplished ?
The honorable member from Illinois [Mr.
TRUMfinLL] told the Senate yesterday very cor-
rectly that that was almost the entire design of
the act of February 5, 1867. It was to protect
the officers of the Government from being re-
sponsible to harassing suits or suits that might
destroy them in point of fact and by the heavy
damages that might be awarded by juries in
the several States, and to ascertain (with a
view to their protection and the protection of
the Government) what were the powers of the
Government under the Constitution, situated
as the Government was during the pendency
of the civil war, that there should be upon tlie
statute-book some mode by which such cases
should be brought by writ of error to the Su-
preme Court of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will allow
mc to say that he certainly jnisunderstood me.
Mr. JOHNSON. I only judge by the repoit.
I had not the pleasure to hear the honorable
member.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not understand
that the law of February 5, 18G7, if the Senator
is alluding to that, was intended to protect the
officers of the United States against suits grow-
ing out of the war. I thought it was designed
lo protect persons from oppression under State
laws who had been made free by the Constitu-
tion of the United States. I supposed the
chief object was to protect the colored people
of the South.
Mr. JOHNSON. That, I know, Mr. Presi-
dent, was one of the objccts; but it was neces-
sary to make the law comprehensive, and it
therefore covers all cases in which any man
entitled to any right under the Constitution
and laws of the United States, or who claimed
to be entitled to any right under either, should
have the decision of that question brought by
appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I dislike to interrupt
my friend from Maryland, but I must say that
that was the object of the indemnity act. This
act of February 5, 1807, does not provide at
all for taking up suits for damages.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It only provides for
habeas corpus cases.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that; and I
will come to it in a moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is another act that
protects officers against suits.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I understand very
well. Now, Mr. President, wo found in 1807,
in February, that our agents might be subjected
to annoyance, they might be arrested, the State
courts might attempt to punish them ; and, in
order to give them as full protection as could
be afforded, Congress, supposing that it had
the power to go to that extent, provided that
in all such cases an application might be made
to any judge of the United States or to any
court of the United States for the writ of
habeas corpus, and then went on to provide
that the party might appeal, if denied it, to
the circuit court of the United States, and that
there might be an appeal from the decision of
the circuit court to the Supreme Court of the
United States. That is the state of the law
now. It is under the provisions of that act
that the case named in the debate occurred.
I do not know who the man is, whether he
was a rebel or not; but he was an American
citizen, and jast as much entitled to the pro-
tection of the Constitution of the United States
as the honorable member from Nevada is en-
titled to it. If he was engaged in rebellion—
and I do not know that fact—he lost no right
whatever until, if prosecuted for treason against
the United States, he had been convicted and
judgment had bceu pronounced upon hi in.
Then, of course, he would lose all the rights
which are forfeited by such a conviction and
judgment; but, independent of trial and of
judgment, he is entitled to the protection of
all the guarantees of personal freedom found
in the Constitution ; and among others is that
of being tried by a jury.
Mr. STEWART. If that be true, were any
rights lost by rebellion ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Our time is limited, and
perhaps the honorable member had better
make a supplementary speech when I am done.
I prefer to go on. Now, he is arrested ; he is
a civilian, never has belonged to the Army or
the Navy of the United States. He is arrested
upon the four charges which I mentioned just,
now : first, that he is a disturber of the public
peace ; second, that he is inciting to insur-
rection ; third, that he has libeled one of the
generals of the Army of the United States,
commanding in the district; aud fourth, that
he has impeded the execution of the recon-
struction acts. Those are all. Whether either
of those grounds constitutes a charge for
which he could be held responsible involves
this inquiry : are the acts of the 2d of March,
1807, constitutional? If they are, perhaps he
is responsible ; if they are not constitutional,
then he is not responsible. How is that ques-
tion to be decided? It is stiictly a judicial
inquiry. Nobody can doubt that. The ques-
tion itself, irrespective of the tribunal by whom
it is to bo decided, is strictly a judicial one, a
legal inquiry ; and that being the nature of the
inquiry, by what tribunal ought it to be decided ?
The answer that every man, I think, would be
inclined to give, when he came to reflect upon
the nature of our institutions, would be that
it is to be decided by the courts and not by
military men ; and to the circuit court he
applied for a habeas corpus to be discharged
from the arrest under which he was, upon the
grounds to which I have just referred. The
court refused to discharge him, and he appeals
to the Supreme Court.
The first question that arises is, is the right
of appeal given in such a case by the act of
Februarys, 1807? 1 know that the honorable
member from Illinois entertains the opinion,
as I see by the report of his remarks yesterday,
that the act of 1807 does not authorize an ap-
peal in that particular case, aud the ground
upon which he places that opinion is that the
act of 1807 does not cover the case of a habeas
corpus originating in the circuit court, but em-
braces only cases in that court upon appeal
from a district court. Entertaining that
opinion, therefore, as the counsel of the Gov-
ernment—and I was glad to see that the Gov-
ernment was so well represented—he made a
motion in the Supreme Oouit to dismiss the
case for want of jurisdiction, and argued it in
part upon that ground—that the act of 1807,
the second section of that act I think it is,
which gives the right of appeal in eases of
habeas corpus, did not apply to any decision
pronounced by a circuit court of the United
States unless it was upon an appeal from the
district court of the United States. He argued
the cause with ability. He referred to the
judiciary act of September, 1789, to the act of
August, 1842, and to the particular phraseology
of the act of February P, 1807 ; and, 110 doubt,
thought he had made good his motion; but it
failed by the unanimous judgment of that tri-
bunal, the judgment being pronounced by the
Chief Justice. The opinion is before me.
After a critical examination of the several acts
regulating the jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court in cases of habeas corpus, he says :
"Wc entertain no doubt that an appeal in this
case lies."
He repeats the same doctrine in the conclu-
sion of that opinion, saying in the conclusion,
" We are satisfied that this court has jurisdic-
tion to inquire into the decision of the circuit
court for the Mississippi district." The hon-
orable member from Illinois, as I think—and
I speak of it with deference, because I was riot
concerned in the controversy, and know of it
only from the opinion of the Supreme Court
on the motion to dismiss—seems to suppose
that the eourtdid not hold that it had jurisdic-
tion under the act of 1867, which we are about
to repeal. That, if he will permit me to say
so, is an utter misapprehension of the opinion
which I have read, which, as the Senate must
see, is not a hesitating but a positive conclu-
sion that they have jurisdiction to review the
decision of the court below. My friend, the
honorable member from Illinois, had urged
upon them, however, that the circuit court of
the United States, from whom the appeal was
taken, had no jurisdiction ; and the answer
that the court gave to that, through the Chief
Justice, was that that was a question to be de-
cided when the case came to be heard upon its
merits.
In cases of the description which this was
made to assume upon the motion of the hon-
orable member there are always two inquiries:
first, whether the court has* jurisdiction over
the case; and second, if they have, how shall
they dispose of the case. The court declined
to express any opinion upon the objection that
the circuit court had no jurisdiction upon the
ground that, if upon the hearing of the case
upon the merits tliuy came to that conclusion,
then they would dismiss the case for the want
of jurisdiction.
There was another objection, and the court
disposed of that in the same way. The hon-
orable member contended that in the latter
part of the second section of the act of Febru-
ary, 1807, certain eases are excluded from the
operation of that act, such as military offenses,
and having been engaged in the rebellion dur-
ing the war, or giving aid and comfort to the
rebels during the war. The court say, and
say very properly:
" Thnt is not a question which we can dccido now;
that will be before us when we hear the ease; nnd
it we shall come to the conclusion th.-it McOardle has
committed what falls within the class of military
offenses wo will refuse to interfere."
But I suspect, without knowing, and I only
entertain that suspicion because such is the
inclination of my own judgment upon the sub-
ject, that the words " military offenses," as
found in that section, mean military oflenses
in the technical meaning, or, in the general
understanding of the term, offenses committed
by the military—those who are in the naval
service or in the Army of the United States.
Then, in relation to the other objection, that
the paity is not to be entitled t,u the benefit of
the act, upon the ground that he had been en-
gaged in the rebellion or given aid and com-
fort to the enemy, the answer was obvious, and
might, therefore, have been given by the court,
that the return of the officer placed the arrest
upon no such ground. The law was passed
upon the 5th of February, 1807. The arrest
was made in November, 1807—-several months
after the passage of the act and the war was
over ; aud, as the words are there used, he
could not have fallen under that denomination.
But it is immaterial to inquire strictly into that,
because, in point of fact, he was not held upon
any such ground. He was arrested and de-
tained upon the ground alone that he had com-
mitted the offenses specifically stated in the
return, and nothing else.
Now, Mr. President, does anybody doubt-
will my friend from Illinois doubt when he
reads the opinion of the court upon the motion
to dismiss more carefully than I cannot help
thinking he has already read it—can anybody
doubt that the court will entertain jurisdiction
over the case ? They say they wili; and they
say they will, not by virtue of the act of 1789,
not by virtue of the act of August, 1842, hut
] by virtue of the act of February 5, 1807. I
] can entertain no such doubt. I have great con-
fidence iu the ability of the Chief Justice of
that court in making his judgments clear to ihe
understanding of the reader ; and if he means,
and if the judges who concurred with him, and
tliey all concurred, mean, what the opinion as
delivered by him states, then the case is now
before the court under the authority of the act
of February 5, 1807, and will be decided if
that act is not interfered with.
