3144
TOE CONGRESSIONAL- GLO$&
Jim©13,
• ^ j ^AIRMAN. He cannot if it is ob-
jected to. .
■The question being put on the amendment
of Mr. Ixgersoll, there were—ayes 7, noes
4o ; no quorum voting.
Tetters were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Ingersoll, and Trimble of
.Kentucky.
The committee divided; and" the tellers
reported—ayes 24, noes 71.
The CHAIRMAN. - ^fhe Chair votes in the
negative, making a quorum: and the amend-
ment is disagreed to.
Mr. HIGBZ. I moy$ to amend by insert-
after the wprd "^nd," in line six, the words
one per cent, on the gross receipts for the
transportation of passengers onso that it will
read:
On the gross receipts for the transportation of pas-
sengers ot every railroad, canal, steamboat, ship,
!'?u' cana -t)oat( or other vessel, and one per cent,
on the gross receipts for the transportation of pas-
sengers on stage coach or other vehicle, &c.
I have proposed this amendment in order to
say something in answer to the chairman of
the committee, because he did not—I will not
say intentionally—-but he did not represent the
matter as it truly is. If the object is simply
to tax capital when he is taxing income upon
stage companies it goes a great deal further
than our experience justifies. Seis taxing the
people who support these lines of coaches.
They are the oneswho will have to pay it, and
who do pay it. Sir, we in California have to
pay, I will not say extravagant prices, but much
higher prices for traveling than is paid any-
where in this Union on stage coaches. I have
nothing to say with reference to our railroads
or steamboats. Although we are paying a large
revenue to the Government by our thousands
of passengers from San Francisco to New York
every month, we pay the tax willingly. But
when you com© to our inland travel by stage
coaches, I say to the House that the price we
have to pay is marvelous ; and when this tax
is put on over and above it, and the people
who travel have to pay it, it will be considered
a terrible burden upon them. I think we shall
find the same to be the case in the Territories,
where they cannot travel by railroad, especially
in the Territories west of the liocky mountains.
Now, sir, the tax that rests 011 our shoulders
in California amounts to over fifty thousand
dollars, where we have only some two hundred
miles of railroad, and yet on our stage coaches
we pay between forty and fifty thousand dollars.
That is borne by the mass of the people, those
who have small means. They are obliged to
travel, and there are no competing lines by
which they can go. Upon our great thorough-
fares, where there is competition, where there
are different lines competing with one another,
it is very different. But it is not so in that
State and m the neighboring States. There are
no competing lines, and they cannot be main-
tained. It is for that reason that I make this
motion, and ask that the people shall be
relieved from this burden; for it is not the
companies who pay it, but the people.
The question was taken on Mr. Higby's
amendment, and it was disagreed to—ayes
twenty-six, noes not counted.
enrolled bills signed.
At thispoint the committeerose informally,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A bill (S. No. 322) granting a pension to
Sherman II. Cowles;
A bill (S. No. 323) granting a pension to
Michael Kelly;
A bill (S. No. 344) granting a pension to
Caroline and Margaret Swartwout;
A bill (S. No. 420) granting a pension to
James A. Guthrie;
A bill (S. No. 421) granting a pension to
Caroline E.*Thomas; and
A bill (S. No. 424) granting a pension to
Bartlettand Carrie Edwards, children of David
W. Edwards, deceased.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
of the committee that all debate upon this sec-
tion shall be closed. That will not prevent
the offering of amendments.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I move, on
page 173, liue twenty-three, to strike out
" two " and insert "four" in lieu thereof; so
that the proviso will read:
Provided, That no tax under tho provisions of
this section shall be assessed upon any person, firm,
company, or corporation whose gross receipts do not
exceed $4,000 per annum, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I offer the following amend-
ment as a proviso, to come in at the end of the
section:
Provided, That those railroad companies whioh
have received grants of land from the (iovernment
of theUnited States shall pay four per cent, on their
gross earnings.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes ten,
noes not counted.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Express end Telegraph Companies.
Sec. 120. And be it further enacted, Thatthere shall
bo levied, collected, and paid ataxof three percent,
on tho gioss amountof all receipts for carrying on or
doing any express business within the United States,
or betwocn any place within tho United States and
any foreign country; and on the gross amount of all
receipts for receiving or transmitting dispatches or
messages by telegraph.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the
following amendment:
Page 175, section ono hundred and twenty, line
three, strike out tho word " three" and insert " two
and ono half" in lieu thereof; so that it will read:
Til at there shall be levied, collected, and paid a
taxof two andonehalf per cent, on the gross amount
of all receipts for carrying on or doing any express
business within the United States, or between any
plaeowithin the United States andany foreign coun-
try, &c.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes fifty-
two, noes not counted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offerthe following amend-
ment from the Committee of Ways and Means,
to come in immediately after the words just
read:
And on the gross amount of all receipts for pro-
viding sleopmg-ears or other special accommoda-
tions lor passengers on railroads for which charges
other than the fare for transportation are mado.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose, now that sleep-
ing-cars are taxed, to add the words " and
sleeping-cars" to the head line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I offer the following
amendment from the Committee of Ways and
Means:
Page 175, at the end of line six, insert the words
three per cent;" so that it will read:
And three per cont. on tho gross amount of all
receipts lor rccoiviug or transmitting dispatches or
messages by telegraph.
Mr. ALLISON. I should like the chairman
of the Committtee of Ways and Means to
inform the eomrnitteo tho reason for a distinc-
tion between express companies and telegraph
companies.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague had better
have asked the committee. The committee
this morning, upon a revision of this section
of the bill, agreed to bring the tax on express
companies down to two and a half per cent.
No proposition was made to bring down the
tax on telegraph companies. By a vote of the
committee the tax on express companies was
brought down to two and a half per cent., and
hence it is necessary to repeat this language.
There were was 110 action in the committee in
reference to telegraph companies.
Mr. ALLISON. I will say this ; that I hap-
pened to be out of the committee-room when
the final vote was taken upon this question of
the tax upon express companies. But I sup-
posed j;lie amendment applied,equally tq both
parts of the section. I can see ho reason for
charging telegraph companies three per cent,
and express cpmpanies only two p<jr cent.'
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stood that the motion was to strike ont three
per cent, apd insert two and a half, per cpnt.
in both eases. j
Mr. SCHENCK. Two of the members of
the committee have said that they understood
that this amendment was to apply both to
express companies and telegraph companies.
They will recollect, however, that not' cine .word
was said aboutanything but express companies.
Mr." HOOPER, of Massachusetts That may
be so ; but still I,understood that tlie amend-
ment applied to both.
Mr. SCHENCK. If it was so understood,
of course the case is different from what I sup-
posed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I know it is not exactly
in order to refer to what took place in the
committee-room. But I think I may be per-
mitted to say that we had,before us persons
representing express companies, wliile'there.
was no one there representing telegraph "com-
panies. That was the reason, perhaps, wty
nothing was said about telegraph companies.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; by voting
down this amendment the tax will be left at
two and a half per cent, upon both telegraph
and express companies.
Mr. ALLISON. The Committee of the
Whole has reduced the tax on transportation
companies from two and a Indf to two per
cent. Under the present law express and
telegraph companies are placed precisely upon
the same footing. We have agreed to reduce
the tax on express companies from three per
cent., as reported, to two and a half per cgnt.,
for what reason I do not know, except that
the proposed tax was too heavy.
Mr. CULLOJI. The different companies
pursue different kinds of business.
Mr. GRISWOLD. In justice to the chair-
man of the Committee of' Ways and Means,
[Mr. Schenck,] I desire to say that I was
present this morning at the meeting of the
Committee of Ways and Means, when we had
under consideration the subject of decreasing
the tax on express companies. I understood
the matter exactly as the chairman says he
understood it. Nothing at all was said about
reducing the tax on telegraph companies, and
I supposed the agreement was to leave that as
it was reported in the bill.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Allison to the amendment of
Mr. Schenck ; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Schenck, to make the tax on telegraph
companies three per cent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the amendment so as to make the tax two per
cent. I see no reason why telegraph compa-
nies should be taxed more than railroad com-
panies.
Mr. SCHENCK. Because their profits are
greater.
Mr. CULLOM. It is the most profitable
business in the country.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me we
might with just as much propriety tax people
for the letters they receive. Tho telegraph
interest is an interest which involves the whole
people of the country. Everybody is inter-
ested in telegraphing, and in having it made as
cheap as possible. Taxing; it simply increases
the cost of telegraphing.
Mr. CULLOM. And it is so with every-
thing else.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. So it is. But why
increase the tax on telegraph companies when
you decrease the tax upon railroads and ex-
press companies? I am not aware that tele-
graph companies are any more prosperous than
express companies. I do not know that express
companies have more burdens imposed upon
them than telegraph companies. It seems to
me it is making an invidious distinction which
should not be made. I have, no interest in
