1096
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
survey is filed with the Secretary of the Inte-
rior and has been accepted by him.
- Mr. HOWARD. And th'e effect of this bill
is merely to prevent-the forfeiture of the lands
and their reversion?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
Mr HOWE. It is only a year and a half
since the grant was made ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. About that time. The
tune mentioned ihthe original bill was alto
th«net,!°o0f J'k biU haa no other effect
of the roa^d time tto constr«cti°n
if1-' °f Vermont. How lone?
senior, 1 Tw° y4arS for the first
section, and they are to construct each sue-
ceedmg seetion of twenty miles within three
years, and to make it as much sooner as thev
can. Everybody.is interested in having the
road constructed as soon as practicable; but
it is very difficult to start the construction of a
railroad, in that country.
Mr. CONKLIN G. I had no purpose, I have
none now, of interfering with the convenience
ot the honorable Senator who has this bill in
charge. I here are, however, a great manv
proposed schemes of this sort affecting the
public lauds and affecting the public moneys,
iiere is a bill the original of which 1 think has
never been printed. If I am wrong in that
respect the Senator will correct me. I think
the original bill which was referred to the com-
mittee was not printed.
^ ILLIAMS. Certainly not.
Mr. CONKL1NG. The Senator says,-"cer-
tainly not. ' I wonder a little at his expres-
sion. Why '' certainly not?" Is it the prac-
tice of this body to have bills introduced and
referred without being printed, reported back
by the committee without being printed, an
amendment in the nature of a substitute re-
ported back without being printed, and then,
without any printing, for the Senate to pro-
ceed at once to put the bill on its passage and
have it go to its final conclusion without any
debate except a mere inquiry ? No, sir; that
is not usual. It is ijot usual in either House,
and particularly not in this House where there
is no previous question and no hasty mode of
doing business. On the contrary, a bill of any
magnitude—and certainly this is a bill of some
importance—is usually printed, that Senators
may know in advance something about it; but
when it comes from a committee, at least, the
practice is that it lies over, so that by inquir-
ing, if not by seeing it on our tables, wo may
know something about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it make an appro-
priation ?
Mr. CONKLING. T understand not. Now,
Mr. President, I am not authuiized to say that
this bill is not all right in every way ; first, be-
cause I have no knowledge which would author-
ize my saying so; and, second, because the
honorable Senator from Oregon tells us it is all
right; but I submit, nevertheless, that this is
a very unfortunate departure, as I think, from
the ordinary modes of doing business. I con-
fess that 1 should think the Senate was accept-
ing a great deal from me, even if I held the
distinguished position of the Senator from
Oregon as chairman of this committee, if they
would adopt measures and vote finally upon
bills of this sort upon niy rising here and pre-
senting them without their having been in
print and my saying they were all right. It
may_ even be that as a measure to effectuate
the intentions of the committee this bill is not
as well as it would be if it could be criticised
in the ordinary way.
Now, sir, I make these remarks partly in
explanation to my honorable friend from Ore-
gon of the reason why I asked a question with
regard to the bill. I think this is not the way
to legislate, and if there be one class of meas-
ures, I submit, more than another to which the
criticism I make is applicable it is that class
which is pressed by large numbers of persons,
because they represent, great, private interests.
This belongs to ti!■;.[. class. There are a good
manv other lulis ,md propositions which belong
February 11,
to the same class. I hope T shall be excused
for expressing the hope that we shall legislate
upon this particular sort of measure at least
with as much circumspection as belongs to the
Ordinary knd habitual practice of legislation.
Mr. .WILLIAMS. The honorable Senator
from New York does me too much honor in
spying that I am the chairman of the commit-
tee by whom this bill is reported. The honor-
able Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] is
the chairman of the committee. I am an
humble member of that committee.
Mr. CONKLING. Which is the committee
from which it comes?
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not understand
that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. And I was instructed by
the committee to report back this bill. Now,
1 simply ask to have the bill put on its passage.
I did not expect it would pass without its being
read to the Senate and the Senate being in-
formed as to its contents. The request which
I made of the Senate is not without precedent,
for we have just passed a bill that was reported
from the Committee on Finance without print-
ing, and without any consideration further than
the reading of the bill. It is usual here every
morning to pass bills in this way. This bill
simply provides for an extension of the time
mentioned in the sixth section of an act that
has already passed the Senate. If that bill
appropriating lands, or if any bill appropri-
ating money or affecting the rights of the public
or of the Government was here, of course it
would be very proper that it should be printed
and considered before it was put upon its
passage; but as it has been customary ever
since I have been here to pass these bills with-
out objection bccause the Government and the
people are in no way concerned I supposed
there would be no objection to the passage of
this bill. When the bill was introduced itwas
not printed, and very many bills are introduced
that are not printed when they are introduced.
I understand that they cannot be printed with-
out a special order for that purpose ; that they
are only printed when they are reported from
a committee. If, however, the Senator insists
upon having this bill printed, of course I shall
not press its passage now.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 hope that myfriend will
agree to let this bill lie over until to-morrow,
and be printed. I intended to ask him to do
that in the first instance, because I desire to
offer _ a section to it affecting some grants in
California; but I did not wish to interfere with
the Senator's proceedings, and refrained from
doing it. But since so much time has been
consumed, and there is an evident desire to
have it presented, I hope the Senator will let
it go over.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well.
Mr. CONNESS. It is a very simple propo-
sition, and can be very easily understood by
the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration-——
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 'Die sub-
ject before the Senate is not disposed of. .Does
the Senator from California make a motion
that this bill be postponed until to-morrow?
Mr. CONNESS. I suggested that it be post-
poned until to-morrow, and printed. I will now
make the motion.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
heirs op general i. b. richardson.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
^ •• -—• o UiirtK tliy OUi
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
302. It is a bill paying a debt to the widow
of a soldier who died in the service. It is onlv
$400. J
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S
No. 302) for the relief of the heirs of the late
Major General I. B. Richardson, deceased,
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
appropriate the sum of §400 to Mrs. Frances S.
Richardson, widow of the lift's Major General
I. B._ Richardson, deceased, in trust for Israel
P. Richardson, minor child and heir of Gen-
eral Richardson, deceased, in full compensa-
sation for one mnle and four horses stolen from
deceased in the year 1852, by the Apache In-
dians, while he was on duty in New Mexico
as an officer of the United States Army.
Mr. CONNESS. In what year was that?
The Secretary* Eighteen hundred and
fifty-two.
Mr. CONNESS. Where does that bill come
from ?
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the chairman of
the committee will state something about the
bill.
Mr. HOWE. General Richardson, thenatt
officer in the Army, was stationed in that Ter-
ritory at that time. Those Apache Indians
stole these horses. Your law at that time re-
quired the Government to pay for all property
stolen from those who were authorized to.be,
or resided within, the Indian Territory, and
if you had treaties with the Indians the amount
you paid for property stolen was to be taken
out of the annuities due to them, and if there
were no such treaties you took it out of your
own Treasury. With the Apache Indians we
had no treaty, and this appropriation, if it is
made, must come out of the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why was it not paid be-
fore? This long delay creates suspicion.
Mr. HOWE. Because there has been no
appropriation, as the Auditor said, out of
which it could be paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that the only objection ?
Mr. HOWE. That is the only objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know but that
this is all right. It is certainly a small matter,
although as establishing a precedent here it may
be a very considerable one. My impression is
that if this bill shall pass the constituents of
any Senator in the West may request him, and
he will be obligated to introduce at their in-
stance bills calling upon the Treasury for hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no.
Mr. CONNESS. ^hy not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is limited to those
who are rightfully in the Indian country. Our
laws kept most persons out.
Mr. GRIMES.' I recollect that just such
cases have occurred here and been passed by
Congress.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. It is in pursuance really
of a law of Congress.
Mr. CONNESS. I know that there is a law
that says something about compensation for
losses in the Indian country, upon the princi-
ple, I believe, that it is the duty of the Govern-
ment to ^protect the citizens against the hostile
acts of Indians to person or property: but I
apprehend that law has not been followed up
by payment in every case.
Mr. HOWE. It has not been in this ease,
but it ought to be.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know. I think
it is a very serious matter.
Ihe bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading and was read the third time.
u ^P^LII ILE. I wish my colleague
would _ aliothis bill to lie over. I confess
there is a principle involved in it that I have
very anxious fears of, if we admit for a mo-
ment that we are to pay the losses which have
followed^ m consequence of depredations by
^n?aniai V1} Arizona, Montana,
and all that, wild Indian country. I care
nothing about the amount in this bill—it is
nothing; but the question with me is whether
a Preee(3ent that will draw
5100,000,000 from the Treasury.
Mr. HOWE. I will say to my colleague that
the precedent is established by the law of the
in a" e.xpress provision of law that you
slial pay m such cases as lhig> and wfi ^
establishing no new precedent.
