1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
telegraph companies more than is held in com-
mon by other persons. I use them sometimes
as others do. But everybody is interested in
cheapening the cost of telegrams. It is pro-
posed by some that the Government shall take
charge of the telegraph lines of the country
and make them a part of the postal system of
the Government. Of course you would not
tax telegraphing should that be done. If you
determine to tax it, then you must let it remain
where it now is, under the control of private
enterprise. If you tax telegraph companies,
you will simply add to the prices which will
be charged for telegrams. If the chairman or
any other member of the Committee of Ways
and Means can give any reason why w*e should
make a distinction in this respect between
telegraph companies and express companies,
I would like to hear it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
if the telegraph line is the poor man's mail
route?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It ought to be, but
it never will be while you impose atax of three
per cent, upon it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will tell the gentleman
why it is proposed to make the difference he
speaks of. As the law is now each of these
classes of companies is charged three per cent,
upon its gross receipts. In this bill they are
both embraced in one section. The express
companies, through their representatives, have
appeared before the Committee of Ways and
Means, exhibited statistics, and made state-
ments. After a revision of the whole subject,
and taking into consideration the amount of
capital employed, the amount of their losses
and their profits, and their ability to bear a
burden of this kind, the committee came to the
conclusion that itwas right and proper and just
to put the tax upon express companies down
to two and a half per cent. But nobody
has undertaken to show to the committee that
there was any reason for reducing the pres-
ent tax upon the telegraph companies. The
committee, from their knowledge on this sub-
ject, were incline.!: to believe that the tax
ought to be left where it is. If the gentle-
man wants to know my own particular reasons
for coming to that conclusion, I can tell him.
The express companies cannot be started in
opposition to each other without an enormous
amount of outlay, while it costs compara-
tively little to'build a few miles of telegraph.
Thus competition springs up from time to time
between different telegraph companies. Some
fail in their struggles to secure a profitable
existence while others succeed. But as a
general rule the profits from telegraphs have
been large in proportion to the cost of estab-
lishing them. They have, in general, paid
well. My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Co-
vode] says that he has not found it so in his
experience ; but I know that in cases of which
I have some personal knowledge the stock of
telegraph companies has been extremely profit-
able. I am told that the Western Union Tele-
graph Company has not realized any consid-
erable profits ; but perhaps it has not been
sufficiently long established. It must, how-
ever, be considered that one cannot tell from
the returns of these companies whether they
are or are not making profits. There are com-
binations made; there are processes called
wateiings of stock, expansions of stock, &c.,
bv which companies, upon the statistical tables
presented, may appear not to be making profits
for their stockholders, when, in fact, the enter-
prise is yielding large returns for the invest-
ment. I yield'the balance of my time to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode.]
Mr. COVODE. Mr, Chairman, I desire that
the tax on telegraph companies shall be pnt
down to the same rate as that on express com-
panies. I know it to be a fact that the express
~ companiesare making larger dividends than the
telegraph companies. I happen to be familiar
with this question. 1 have money invested m
bolli classes of companies; and from the one
I get dividends, while from the other I get none.
I have had $1Q,QOO invested iu telegraph com-
pany stock for a long time, and no dividends
whatever have been declared. I do not see
why we should impose less taxation on com-
panies that declare dividends than on those that
do not. It is unfair and unjust. I only ask
that the tax on the telegraph companies shall
be made the same as that on the express com-
panies.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being taken on Mr. Farns-
wqrth's amendment to theamendment of Mr.
Schexck, it was not agreed to; there beiug—
ayes thirteen, noes not counted.
Mr. Sciienuk's amendmentwas agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 1080) to reduce into one act and
to amend the laws relating to internal taxes,
and had come to no resolution therepn.
message 1t.oh the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 534) relating to contested
elections in the city of Washington, District of
Columbia; and
An act (S. No. 509) in addition to an act
passed March 26, 1864, entitled "An act in
addition to an act entitled 'An act for the pun-
ishment of certain crimes against the United
States.' "
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Win-
do.m for one week, and Mr. Bromwell for ten
days.
order of business.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe the order was
by unanimous consent that the House continue
in session till five o'clock. _ A bill has just
come from the Senate that it is desirable to act
upon.
The SPEAKER. That was the orderof the
House.
Mr. FARNSWOB.TII. I move to proceed
to business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. If that is done the bills
must be taken up in their regular order and
disposed of. *
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 hope the motion will not
prevail.
On the question of proceeding to business
on the Speaker's table, there were—ayes 44,
noes 128 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and theChairappoint-
ed Messrs. Ingeusoll and Holmax-
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. If this motion prevails,
will it be in order to set aside bills in order to
reach any special one?
The SPEAKER. They must be acted on
or referred in their order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not yet
in order. .
Mr. BLAINE. Will it be m order to regard
it as five o'clock now by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr BLAINE. I think we can so regard it.
Mr. SCHENCK. It will be five o'clock
before a count is had.
The SPEAKER. If the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means makes no
objection it can be so regarded.
Mr. SCHENCK. I make none.
The SPEAKER. Then the House stands
adjourned till Monday at twelve o'clock.
The House accordingly (at four o'clock and
fifty-nine minutes) adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions werepresentedunder
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. BOUT WELL: The petition of
Joseph R. Hayes, and 02 others, of Lowell,
Massachusetts, in reference to the tax on cigars.
Also, a memorial from E. R. Kuorr, in ref
erence to ocean charts.
By Mr. ELIOT : The petition of the Benev-
olent Homestead and Relief Society of Savan-
nah, Georgia, praying for relief.
Also, the petition of Atlantic Insurance Com-
pany and others, of New York, praying for the
erection of a breakwater at the entrance of
Cuttyhunk harbor.
By Mr. FIELDS: The petition of Jefferson
P. Clyde and 86 others, asking a reduction in
the expenses of the military, naval, and civil
service of the United States. *
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 15, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. A. D. Gillette, D. D., of
Washington.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent,.the reading,of the Journal of
Saturday last was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
two petitions of citizens of Ohio, praying the
introduction of hand-looms and such material
among the Indians as will attract their atten-
tion and lead them to fabricate their own gar-
ments ; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of E. B.Ward,
praying a change in the mode of appointments
and removals and in the qualifications of all
officers who are selected to execute the laws
for the collection or disbursement of moneys
belonging to the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of Gabriel M.
Thomas, of South Carolina, praying a removal
of the civil disabilities imposed on him by act
of Congress; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Vermont, praying a repeal of the charter
granted to the Masonic Hall Association of
Washington, District of Columbia ; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the memorial of
A. D. Breed, of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying for
confirmation of the land grant of June 3, 1856,
to the Selma, Rome, and Dalton Railroad
Company, and extension of the time for com-
pleting the road and for a change of location ;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That D. A. Daniels have leave to with-
draw his petition from thefiles of the Senate, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports ob' committees.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a petition
of citizens of New York, praying that a pension
be granted to Hannah Cook, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 545) granting a
pension to Hannah Cook. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jane McMurray,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (is.
No. 516) for the relief of Jane McMurray.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Sheets, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill
547) granting a pension to John Sheets, -ine
bill was read and passed to ,a second reading,
and the report w^s ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same-comijiittee, to whom
