1098
pv him; but he asks, I think, a little too much
tfonUSwWveK he aSksUS t0 aSre6 to a proposi*
tion which we cannot properly investigate.
in JNevada our examination satisfied us that
t was proper to allow the State to make loca-
?n PorPf011 •  feserved alternate sections, but
California the necessity may not exist. I
af™na°tVak J' does not';, but I wish Sen-
ators to observe this result of the legislation
lh Ja fe now agreeing to on the part of
Nevada, to see whether we shall carry it far-
ther or. even so far as to pass the bill. In the
first place we grant the odd section to the
railroad companies; then there are hundreds
of thousands of acres m the hands of the State
and the State's assignee-the railroad com-
pany-heW as a monopoly for' the present.
JNext, we grant to the State the even-numbered
sections to.be held by the State for agricul-
tural college purposes. This is the proposition,
{JUT® ??ver,al? etttire action of country then
m Aa^and.by a railroad company'.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to call the at-
tention of the Senator from Indiana to the fact
that m 1866 we limited the State in her selec-
tion and in her disposition of the land to dis-
posing of it to actual settlers quite as carefully
as the United States do, so as not to allow it
to be monopolized. There are restrictions on
the modem which the,State shall dispose of
her lands which place them within the reach
of actual settlers, so that the State cannot sell
,?rg?AuA^tities t0 the detriment of settlers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What are the prices at
which the State shall sell ?
Mr. CONNESS. I will answer the question
it the Senator from Nevada will permit me.
One dollar and a quarter is the maximum rate
at which California sells all lands granted to
her; that is the highest rate.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. That was not the ques-
tion I asked. The Senator from Nevada sug-
gested that the act of Congress limited the dis-
position of these lands so as to prevent mon-
opolies, and I wanted to know what was the
maximum, if any, fixed by the act of Con-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 11,
gress.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I state for the Sen-
ator's information that the State laws fix $1 25
in our State, and no more.
_Mr. DAVIS. I think I have allowed my
friend from Nevada a very full opportunity to
test his ability to pass the bill to-day.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will allow this bill to go over, so that
Senators may have an opportunity to examine
it and the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I will let it go over, but
I am anxious to pass the bill. I will, however,
make this single remark, that under the rul-
ings of the Department we have been unable
to enter a single acre of land, and it is neces-
sary to make the law exceedingly plain in
order to enable us ever to get any. We have
been trying to get some for several years.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In connection with the
postponement of this bill I should like to have
it printed with the amendment agreed to and
the amendment of the Senator from California.
Mr. CONNESS. The bill was printed as it
was reported by the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know that.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator wants my
amendment printed that may be ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the bill
as it stands and the proposed amendment be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS KEFERKKD.
The following bill and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 664) granting a pension
to the minor children of Charles Gouler—to
the Committee on Pensions.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 201) in rela-
tion to the Rock Island bridge—to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
SUPPLEMENTARY RECONSTRCCTION BILL.
_ The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 439) additional and supple-
mentai'y to an act entitled " An act to providfe
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2, 1867, and the acts
supplementary thereto, the pending question
being on the motion of Mr. DootiraLE,to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, with
the instructions proposed by him.
. Mr. DAVIS. ' I move to amend the propo-
sition of the Senator from Wisconsin by striking
outallafter the word " instructed," andinsert-
ing the words which I send to the Chair and
ask to have read.
The Secretary road the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows :
To report a recommendation that this bill do not
pass, and also a biU to lepeal an act untitled " An
act to provide for tho moro c{Bciont government of
the rebel States," passed March 2,1807, and all acts
supplementary and amundatory thereto
Mr. DAVIS proceeded to address the Sen;
ate on the general subject of reconstruction,
but, without concluding, gave way to Mr.
Mokrill, of Maine, who moved that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. The speech of Mr. Davis, when con-
cluded, will be published in the Appendix.
The motion of Mr. Mouiiiu,, of iMaine, was
agreed to \ and after some time spent in exec-
utive session the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjjourned.
-that is sufficient. I only.wish to say that there
is an error in. this statement. The Judiciary
Committee held three sessions during the inter-
vals of Congress, from the end of the March
session to the commencement of the Novem-
ber session, all of which I attended. I have
been to the Clerk's office and find that the
allowance made to me for travel and expenses
in the aggregate, including, the whole, -was
$435 CO instead of $886 for the May session
alone,- as stated in the New York Herald. I
presume, however; that there is no fault on
the part of the newspaper writer: for I under-
stand that while I was chairman pro tempore
of the Judiciary Committee some five hundred
dollars were drawn from the funds for the pay-
ment of witnesses' fees and the expenses of
the committee which, by some accident, has
been put to my account, while, in fact, it was
expended for the business of the committee.
I only wish to say that I received no such sum
of money for my own purposes.
IUfiHTS OF AMERICAN" CITIZENS ABROAD.
HOUSE OE REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 11, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Bovxxox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
drawing for seats.
_ Mr. WINDOM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I offer the following, resolution:
Resolved, That th0 resolution of February 7, 1888
relating to the drawing of seats in the 1-Iouse be
rescinded, and that immediately after the passago of
tins resolution the members of the House proceed to
draw seats in the sarao manner in which scats "were
drawn 111 the Xhirty-Ninth Congress.
[Laughter.]
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that that
is not a privileged question. The resolution
provides that the resolution of February 7 be
rescinded, and that resolution has been exe-
cuted and cannot be rescinded.
Mr. OR III obtained the floor.
Mr. WINDOM. I will modify my resolu-
tion by striking out that part of it.
Ihe SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana has the floor.
Mr. OR I'll. I yield for a moment to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell.J
personal explanation.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to call attention
to a paragraph in the New York Herald dated
lebruary 10, in which the writer says :
"As a member of the Judiciary or Impeachment
CommiUcoAIr. Boutwell received «s(5 for the May
session, whtch includes mileage Irom (Jroton, Massa-
chusetts, to. Washington and return. Mr. Eldkidge
♦l n'.° S1,UI!® committee, gets t-o-12 for'
the May session, and this includes two thousand
seven hundred and eighty-four miles'travel The
mileage oi the last amounts to ninety dollars ttio
mileage oi the last to i278, showing an excess of
ray to Boutwell overELDKmon, for same service, of
Mr. BROOKS. We cannot hear a word
here in the suburbs. [Laughter.!
Mr. BOUT WELL. lam sorry the gentle-
man is in the suburbs.
The SPEAKER. It is very difficult for any
gentleman to speak loud enough to enable
every person in this Hall to hear him.
Mr. CHANEER. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that he send the par-
agraph to the Clerk's desk to be read
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have read all that I pro-
pose to read, and it will appear in the Globe;
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs (H. R. No. 584) con-
cerning the rights of American citizens in foreign
States, upon which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. 0m?h] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ORTH. I yield five minutes to my col-
league from Indiana, [Mr. Hunter.]
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I indorse the
bill now under consideration since its amend-
ment, and shall therefore occupy the few mo-
ments that I have allotted to me by my col-
league [Mr. Orth] exclusively to the discussion
of the mam point presented in the bill. It is
the right of expatriation. I know that Black-
stone and many of the great law-writers of
Europe have taken the broad ground that no
person has the right to expatriate himself from
the Government to which he owes allegiance;
that once a subject always a subject. I know
that Chancellor Kent, one of the greatest law-
writers of this country, has mooted the same
opinion, not upon any case presented where
the pomtwas in direct issue, but speaking upon
general principles. But, sir, notwithstanding
what law-writers have said upon this subject,
this Government can never accedc to any such
doctrine. The fundamental law of this country,
the Constitution of the United States, the great
charter of our liberties, utterly forbids it. When
the Constitution provides that Congress shall
establish a uniform rule of naturalization, and
m compliance therewith Congress does make
a law by which citizens of foreign birth may
absolve their allegiance from their native coun-
try and become citizens of this, what does it
mean / _ Does it mean that when a foreigner in
good faith, complies with this law, and takes
the solemn oath that is required and swears
a legiance to this country and abjures all others,
that he shall be in fact an American citizen,
and entitled to all the rights of life, liberty,
pioperty, and protection that a native-born cit-
izen is under our Constitution ; or does it mean
that compliance with our naturalization laws
only gives protection while the person resides
in t n, co try, ^ ^ Resides
ot this Government is and should be that a
ab™fves"tl!eWlth °Ur naturalizali°n laws fully
"atfonTtotl per°n SO from all obli-
subiect U !? %>vcrnmeilt of which he was a
TOVlSet thot K irS Up°" 111111 1111 tlie "ShtS aDd
and wlfpn 1 ' ■ ? n° t0 an Ani.erican citizen ;
and when his rights are invaded by any foreign
that the 1S the dUty,'°f tl,is Government to see
sen impntaprepr°PeA' r?!lrcssed. 1 admire the
A exPfssed by Captain Ingersoll to the
Austrian naval commander in the case of Mar-
ioannit ssud t0 liira that no Amer-
ican citizen can be confined in prison or wear
c^hains unJess he has been guil£ of the ,X
Co one! that're<3ulres  ■ In the cases of
in KriHoi JF a ot^ers are now confined
iw m m dungeons, and which are command-
claZTr pnn attentl0n> 1 can see but one
course for our Government to pursue, and that
