i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1099
is to authorize tlic Executive to protest against
their confinement and demand their immediate
release, unless they are confined upon charges
for acts committed by tliem in violation of the
laws of Great Britain and within her jurisdic-
tion, and in that ease demand for them fair and
speedy trials according to the laws of that coun-
try. In case our reasonable request thus made
is refused to be complied with, then I insist
that, in the language of this bill, we shall seize
an equal number of British subjects and place
them in similar confinement that our citizens
are placed in until the British Government will
comply with our request. And if that shall not
succeed in accomplishing the desired result of
releasing our citizens, then, sir, I am for using
the war power of this Government to compel
the British Government and all others to prop-
erly respect the rights of our adopted citizens.
I hold, Mr. Speaker, that this Government
cannot do less: the rights of our citizens de-
mand it, and the self-respect of our Govern-
ment'requires it. Otherwise we might just as
well abandon our naturalization laws and admit
that we have not the power or the pluck to
enforce ihem, and no longer deceive foreign-
ers who are attracted to ouf shores by the
advantages held out by our country, and say
to them candidly, you may come here and seek
homes, but we cannot make you citizens or
protect you in your rights.
Mr. Speaker, I am not one of those persons
that believe that England will turn a deaf ear
to our demands, because they are reasonable
and just. She has always known of our natu-
ralization laws and has permitted her citizens
to come here by hundreds of thousands for the
express purpose of taking their benefits and
becoming citizens of this country. She is,
therefore, estopped from setting up the claim
she has, that our naturalized citizens are still
her subjects and responsible to her laws, unless
she means trouble. If that is what she is seek-
ing then I, for one, am willing that she shall
be gratified. But woe unto the day she breaks
peace with this Government. "When she does
Canada will cease to be a part of her domain
and Ireland will be free. My counsel, there-
fore, Mr. Speaker, is for peace, if it can be
had upon honorable terms ; but war, rather
than see American citizens deprived of their
liberty in violation of law.
Mr. ORTH. I now yield five minutes of my
timetothegentlemanfromlllinois, [Mr. Cook.]
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, in the short time
allowed me I do not expect to make any ex-
tended argument upon this question. I merely
want to call the attention of the House and of
the Committee 011 Foreign Affairs to what seem
to me to be defects in this bill. And in order
to make my point thoroughly understood I
desire to refer first to the cases of two natural-
ized citizens of the United States residing in
my district who recently visited Europe and
were there arrested. The features of those
cases, as I understand them, illustrate the
point I desire to make. I11 one of the cases the
person, a resident of my own town, and who for
many years has been a naturalized citizen of
the United States, went to Prussia to settle
some business which he had to transact in that
country. He was there arrested on the charge
that he had committed a crime against the
laws of Prussia by leaving the country without
having rendered service in the landwehr, or
having provided a substitute. lie was ar-
rested charged with a crime under the laws of
Prussia. After having been put to very great
inconvenience, trouble, and expense, he was
enabled to make his escape and return to this
country.
The other was the case of Donat Halliker,
who came to this country, at the age of seven-
teen years, in 1815. was naturalized in 185^
and served as a soldier in the Army of the
United Stales during the Jlexican war. In
18(50 he visited France, with a passport from
the Secretary of State of the United States,
for the purpose of settling some patrimonial
inheritance which had fallen to him. \\ hile
there he was warned to do military duly in the
French army, was arrested, confined in prison
for some length of time, and then released, in
order that he might find a substitute. Having
been directed to report from time to time at a
certain point he took advantage of his release
and made his escape from France. I hold in
my hand a memorial which sets forth all the
facts in the case.
Here are two cases, in both of which the
individuals were charged with being "guilty
of crime against the laws of a foreign State,"
the one of crime against the laws of Prussia,
the other of crime against the laws of France.
The one was arrested as a deserter, under the
laws of France, having been notified to render
military service in the French army, and re-
quired to report from time to time to the
French military authorities; the other was
charged with a crime against the laws of Prus-
sia in having left that country without either
having served in the landwehr or having pro-
vided a substitute.
The bill under consideration provides that
no citizen charged with being guilty of a crime
against the laws of any foreign country shall
be entitled to the protection conferred by this
act. Sow in each of the cases to which I have
referred that charge was made. In the one
case the person had been a citizen of the Uni-
ted States for nearly twenty years and a soldier
of the United States in actual service. He
was a minor when he came here, and has been
a naturalized citizen for nearly twenty years.
Yet he cannot come within the provisions and
pretection of this bill. I understand such to
be the legal effect of this bill, though I know
it is alleged such is not its effect.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment?
Mr. COOK. I have hardly time enough to
justify my yielding any of it.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say that the inter-
pretation given to this bill by the. gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Cook] is not the correct one.
Mr. COOK. I understand such to be the
correct interpretation of the bill. One of these
men was charged with a crime against the laws
of Prussia, was arrested under that charge,
and put to great inconvenience, expense, and
trouble in order to procure his release. This
bill provides that—•
No citizen of the United Staffs who is guilty of
crime against the laws of any foreign State, com-
mitted within its jurisdiction.
Halliker was charged with crime against the
laws of Prussia, or, in other words, he was
charged with an act which is defined to be a
crime by those laws, and therefore he would
not, in my opinion, be protected by this bill.
I am averse to any proposition which will allow
any foreign State to define what shall be deemed
a crime which shall deprive an American citi-
zen of the protection of his Government.
Why should there be any objection to make
this matter certain—to declare by law that the
native-born and naturalized citizens of the
United States shall be entitled to equal protec-
tion as they owe an allegiance? and I desire
to offer an amendment to the bil^ in section
one, line twelve, to strike out these words:
Provided ahom/f), That no citizen of the United
States who is guilty of crime against the laws of any
foreign State, committed within its jurisdiction, shall !
be entitled to the protection contemplated by this j
act. |
And insert in lieu thereof these words: j
Provided always, That no citizen of the United :
States who is guilty of any act within the jurisdie- !
tion of any foreign State which would be a crime !
against the laws of such State if committed within •
its jurisdiction by a native-born citizen of the United
States.
I deem the adoption of some amendment of
this kind essential if the bill is to afford any
real protection to naturalized citizens. Yet,
if this amendment were adopted I think the
bill open to objection and greatly prefer the
proposition of my colleague, [Mr. Judd.]
There are no grades in American citizenship.
There is no special privilege or right belonging
to one citizen of the United States that does not
belong to every other, whether he be natural-
ized or native born. We made 110 distinction
between native and foreign born citizens in our
latfe terrible struggle, when both alike volun-
teered, and both alike were drafted into the
military service of the country. When a nat-
uralized citizen was drafted if, as was the
case in some instances, he claimed protection
from the Government of his birth, it was held
as a full and conclusive answer to such claim
that the person making it was a naturalized
citizen of the United States. Our Govern-
ment refused to allow any naturalized citizen
to claim or receive any protection from the
draft from any foreign Government whatever,
and all foreign States acquiesced in this asser-
tion of our Government of the right to require
and enforce military service from naturalized
citizens.^ The right of protection and the duty
of allegiance are reciprocal and coextensive.
Our Government ought not and cannot
occupy the position of requiring allegiance and
military service from naturalized citizens and
refusing to allow the Government of their birth
from protecting them from such service, and
at the same time refusing them the protection
extended to native-born citizens; in other
words, the naturalized citizen does not and
cannot owe allegiance to two wholly distinct
Governments at the same time, and if his alle-
giance be due to our Government he is entitled
to the full protection of an American citizen.'
All foreign Governments which have acqui-
esced in the settled policy of naturalization—
which has been the policy of our Government
from the beginning—are estopped from now
saying that we had no right to afford to natu-
ralized citizens the full protection which is the
right of every American citizen.
I am opposed to the system of reprisals pro-
posed in the bill as being wholly useless in
settling the principle involved and only pro-
ductive of annoyance and injuiy to individuals.
What would be the advantage gained if we were
to seize Mr. Charles Dickens as a hostage for
George Francis Train, or how could the prin-
ciple involved be settled thereby? Would it
not be far better that we should announce tem-
perately, but firmly, that naturalized citizens
will receive in the future the same measure of
protection afforded to those of native birth, and
make such announcement good by the use of
all the means necessary to that end ?
Mr. ORTH. I now yield to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Baker.]
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, the questions
of international law growing out of the transfer
of citizenship from one nation to another are
exceedingly difficult of solution; so difficult,
that although I think the bill now before us is
totally inadequate, yet I am not disposed to
criticise it in a harsh and censorious spirit. It
i's the first effort of the committee upon a great
and embarrassed subject, and to have achieved
complete success upon first impression, and
without the aid of the criticism of the House
and the country, would have been a prodigy
of performance rather than a thing reasonably
to have been looked for.
In my opinion the bill should be recom-
mitted with proper instructions. I think it is
defective for what it contains and for what it
does not contain.
The second section should not, in my judg-
ment, have a place in the statutes of the Re-
public. It provides:
That whenever it shall be duly made known to
the President that any naturalized eitisenof tho
United States has been arrested and is detainedJ>y
any foreign Government in contravention of the in-
tent and purposes of this act, upon the allegation that
naturalization in the United States does not operate
to dissob e his allegiance to his native sovereign; or
it any citizen shall have been so arrested and deta med,
whose release upon demand shall have been un-
reasonably delayed or refused, the President shall be,
and hereby is, empowered to order the arrest and to
detain in custody any subject or citizen of such foreign
Government who may be found within the jurisdie-
txon of the United States, and the President shall,
without unreasonable delay, give information to
Congress of any such proceedings under this act.
Upon this section I make these observa-
tions: first, it expressly empowers the Pres-
ident to precipitate upon the country a con-
dition of things imminently likely to lead at
