1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
foreign to the entire provisions of the bill, in-
consistent and contradictory in its principles
to the bill as it passed the Senate. As to the
mode in which that amendment was introduced,
with the concomitant circumstances and re-
marks made in the debate there, I will not
speak now; because legislative decorum for-
bids me to characterize, as I think it ought to
be characterized, the whole transaction as it
occurred in another body. The amendment
came back to the Senate at a late hour of the
day ; I believe when we were in executive ses-
sion. I was not presentwhen it was taken up ;
but it was at a very late hour. Without expla-
nation, without the opportunity of examination
or discussion, it was pressed at once to a vote
and was passed in the Senate as if it were in
coincidence or in accordance with the original
measure, a mere amendment-to it, and sent to
the President for his signature. No oppor-
tunity was given for modification, for consid-
eration, for examination, and explanation of
the objects and purport of that amendment. It
passed, the honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Tbumbci.l] has said, by what he calls a
large vote ; and I had hoped until yesterday
that that vote had been what I called inadvert-
ent, because the Senate were not apprised of
the whole character of the amendment.
But, now, when the President returned this
bill to us with his objections yesterday, I find
that it was pressed upon the Senate still with-
out the opportunity for examination and dis-
cussion, and those objections which can be
made to it must be made on the spur of the
occasion. The Senate have, for the first time,
introduced a practice which in the House of
Representatives has precluded the character
of a deliberative assembly—not, it is true, by the
adoption of what is called the previous ques-
tion ; but by a large dominant majority forcing
the minority into an immediate consideration
of a measure before the message itself had been
printed or the bill itself liad been capable of
examination by the members who were opposed
to its provisions. Sir, it is the first step
toward the destruction of debate on the pait of
the minoiity in this body. I trust it will not
be followed hereafter.
No time has been allowed for examination.
No one can doubt—it is impossible to deny—
that one of the questions, at all events, in-
volved in this bill, if not others, is of grave
importance as a principle. The authorities
that may be submitted upon it must be cursorily
selected. The debate is pressed 011 the day
that the message is read, when for the first
time, certainly a large number of the mem-
bers of the Senate have read the bill as
amended or knew what its object was. I had
believed, and I would fain hope even now,
that a large majority of the Senate were not
apprised of the character of this bill at the
time it was returned to us by the President. I
should be unwilling to believe thattlie body of
which I am a member would have lent, by
preconcerted, deliberate action, its sanction to
the amendment which was introduced and
passed in the House of Representatives. But,
sir, I heard yesterday in the debate, with deep
regret, the language of the honorable, the
learned, and the distinguished Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Fessexdex.] As I heard that
language then, and as I read it now, it was a
declaration that on the other side of the Cham-
ber they were prepared to vote; that they were
willing to leave discussion to the minority, but
that they had made up their minds and were
ready to vote on this measure, which the Pres-
ident had vetoed. If that honorable Senator,
1 with all his ability, with liis acknowledged in-
tegrity, and with the commanding influence
that, he wields in this body, can take that view
of this measure, then I must necessarily as-
sume that there is no possibility that any objec-
tion I may urge here can avail for the purpose
■ of defeating its passage.
What does this bill effect, or rather what
. does it intend to effect? The act of the 5th
of February, ]<S(>7, gave to the several courts
of the United States and the several justices
and judges of the courts, within their respect-
ive jurisdictions, in addition to the authority
already conferred by law, the power to grant
writs of habeas corpus, and prescribed sum-
mary and speedy action for the purpose of
relieving citizens of the United States from
unlawful imprisonment. It was a remedial
act. It matters not whether it was necessary
or not. That is the scope of the act. And it
also provided, with a view to that necessary
uniformity of decision which is essential to
guide the numerous inferior tribunals, that in
cases involving, as those writs do, the personal
liberty, if not the life, of the party who sues
out the writ, he should have the right to ap-
peal to the Supreme Court of the United
States. That was the provision. The neces-
sary result of that provision was that in a few
brief decisions the principles of personal lib-
erty would have been so settled on all our con-
troverted questions that there would have been
no difficulty in the performance of their duties
011 the part of the inferior tribunals.
What does this bill propose? Not to repeal
the power which was granted to the justices
and judges of the inferior courts of the United
States, but to take away from the appellate
tribunal, the Supreme Court, the right to revise
their decisions and to settle with uniformity
what are the rights of American citizens in
reference to their liberty and their lives. That
is all it does. It does not repeal the jurisdic-
tion confided to the circuit courts and justices,
but only so much of the act of 1867 as pro-
vides for a revision of the judgments of those
courts in reference to writs of habeas corpus
as authorized under that act. Does it not pre-
sent a case of extraordinary action on the part
of the House of Representatives and of the Sen-
ate that, in a bill which was originally passed
in the Senate to give proper relief to the min-
isterial officers of the Government in matters
connected with property alone where they were
sued, no matter how minute the sum for which
they were sued, they should, in that same bill
take away the appellate jurisdiction of the
court of last resort, where the life and liberty
of the citizen were concerned? Senators may
reconcile it to themselves. To my mind the
contrast between the provisions of the bill as
it originally passed the Senate, and the amend-
ment of the House, is alone sufficient for the
condemnation of this second section. I shall
come presently to the worst portion of the bill,
which is its retroactive agency.
The bill in the second section provides :
That so much of the act approved February 5.
1367, entitled "An act to amend an act to establish
the judicial courts of the United States," approved
September 21, 17S9, as authorizes an appeal from the
judgment of the circuit court to the Supreme Court
of the United States, or the exercise ot any such
jurisdiction bysaid Supieme Coui t on appeals which
have been or may hereafter be taken, be, and the
same, is hereby, repealed.
The different judges of the inferior tribunals
are left to exercise a wild discretion, il^you
please, in reference to their decisions. They
may come 111 entire conflict with each other as
to what is the protection given by the law under
this great writ of habeas corpus, the remedial
protection to the liberty and the life of au
American citizen. This measure, which takes
away the right to give uniformity to those de-
cisions and to control these inferior courts, is
coupled in a bill which provides that in refer-
ence to mailers of property alone, however
minute, an appeal may be taken to that court
of last resort.
The honorable Senator from Nevada i ■■ r.
Stewart] yesterday, though he was cm eked
by the honorable Senator from Maine [Mi,
Fessexdex] for attempting to discuss this bill,
as an unnecessary act, placed his defense of
it 011 the ground that it was both expedient
and proper ' that with the press ot business 011
the Supreme Court of the United S.tates, and
tiie multitude of cases before^it, it was wise
and right to repeal the act ol I-ebruary, lbt>7,
which authorizes the appeal. 11 the honorable
Senator had only paused and read the whole
bill, how singular and inconsistent his argu-
ment would have appeared to him ! ibe same
bill authorizes an appeal in matters connected
with property, so far as your revenue officers
are concerned; and where there would be one
case arising under the law of February 5,1867,
there would be twenty arising under the meas-
ure which originally passed the Senate. The
bill itself, asonginally passed, would add twenty
cases to the docket of the Supreme Court,
where the bill which it is now proposed to re-
peal would add but one ; and that, too, in ref-
erence to matters which are merely matters of
property. In one class of cases the question
is as to the responsibility to pecuniary dam-
ages of the different revenue officers in the
country ; and in the other the law was intended
to protect the liberties and the life of every
American citizen. Mr. President, has it come
to this, that in these United States money and
property are of more value in the eyes of the
Congress of the United States and to bo more
sedulously protected than the liberty or the
life of a citizen?
Again, sir, the argument is even more illusory
on the part of the honorable Senator from
Nevada, because this bill, though it increases
the labors of the Supreme Court in its first
section twenty to one. even if it had not been
retroactive, when you look at it as retroactive
it literally not only leaves no room for any
case to appear before the Supreme Court here-
after, but it undertakes to dispose of existing
cases which ht-ve been argued and are ready
for decision. How, then, can it be as to that
class of cases—and whether there be one cause
or many is immaterial—that there was a neces-
sity for the retroactive clause in this bill which
deprives, or intends to deprive, the court of
jurisdiction in a case which has already been
iieard before it? That would not occupy its
time. That would not add to its burdens,
whatever the first section of the bill might do.
Sir, the argument is baseless, and I presume,
with the high intelligence of the honorable
Senator fiom Nevada, that it was relied upon
only because there was no better argument in
support of such a measure.
But, sir, the honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Tiivmbull] told you yesterday that this
bill was really of 110 importance; that it would
not have the effect, of dismissing any case on
the records of the Supreme Court which would
not otherwise be dismissed. 1 have great re-
spect for the legal acumen of the honorable
Senator; but I might well ask him, why is it
that the retrospective clause is introduced il it
was not intended to affect existing eases in the
court; if it was not supposed that a case known
as MeCardle's case, in which the honorable
Senator bore his part in the argument on the
merits, was to be supplemented by legislation
for the purpose of preventing the decision of
the court on the merits of that argument, so as
to deprive the court of the power of deciding
the case upon its merits, but requiring them to
dismiss it, although it had been argued bcfoie
them ?
But the honorable Senator went further. He
undertook to explain to you what was the
object of the law sought to be repealed—no ;
let me correct myself: it is not proposed to
repeal the law, but to take away the right of
appeal alone. He told vou it was passed for
certain purposes with reference to a particular
class of the community. I was not. a member
of the Senate when that law was passed, but I
read all laws in the language in which they
are expressed. The law provides that, the right
to the writ of habeas corpus in a summary way
shall be allowed in every case—
" Where any person may be restrained of his or her
liberty in violation of the Constitution, or of any
treaty or law of Hie United States."
I suppose, and I should so read the law, that
that was meant to protect the rights of every
citizen; that that was its object and purpose;
that, it, was not passed for the benefit of any
particular class, notwithstanding that may nave
been the private opinion of the honorable be-n-
ator from Illinois. The only effect of the sec-
ond section of this bill is to take away-tiie
right of appeal which gives uniformity of dec s
