THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
65
force will be used ? Which of us would ever be
safe- in giving any authority to an agent if we
are to lie submitted to consequences like these ?
But Senators, this is not. a question of prin-
cipal and agent. What, 1 pray you, has the
President done that beis held to be a conspira-
tor or as a principal giving unlawful authority
to an agent? l)oos the President appoint Gen-
eral Thomas his agent in any individual capa-
city to take possession of an oflice that belonged
to him or of books and papers that were his
properly ? Not at all. What is the nature of
this o(der ? It is, according to the accustomed
formula, the designation of an officer, an officer
already known to the law, to do what? To
exercise a public duty, to perform the duties
of a public office. Is the person thus appointed
by the President bis agent? When he accepts
his appointment does he act only under the
instructions of the principal, and is he the
agent of the principal to carry out a private
purpose or to perform a private duty? Cer-
tainly not. lie at once becomes an officer of
the law, with liabilities himself as a public
officer, liable to removal, liable to impeach-
ment, liable to indictment and prosecution for
anything which he may do in violation of his
duties as a public officer.
Are all the officers of the United States who
have been appointed just in this way the agents
of the President? When the President gives a
commission, either a permanent one or a tem-
porary one, to till a vacancy or to fill an office
during a disability, are the persons so desig-
nated and appointed his agents, and is he
bound by everything they do ? Iftheytakea
bribe, is it a bribe to him? If they commit an
assault and battery, is it an assault and battery
committed by him? If they exceed their au-
thority, does he become liable? Not at all. If
third persons are injured by them in the exer-
cise of the power which he has given, may
those third persons go back upon the Presi-
dent as the responsible party under the prin-
ciple respondeat superior f
There is no idea of principal and agenthere ;
it is the case of one public officer giving orders
to another public officer, lie clothes him, not
with Ins authority, but with the authority of the
law, and the public officer so appointed stands
under an obligation of oath, not to the princi-
pal, not to the President, but to the law itself;
and if he docs any act which injures a third
person, or which violates any law, it is he that
is responsible, not the President who has ap-
pointed him.
Senators, it seems to us that these con-
clusions are inevitable. I shall scarcely trouble
this honorable court, made up so largely of
lawyers of the greatest eminence, with the
citation of authorities upon a point so clear as
this. I understand the learned Managers to
say that they expect hereafter to connect the
President with these declarations of General
Thomas.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I believe I did not
use the word " hereafter.''
Mr. STANBERY. Does the learned Man-
ager say that he has heretofore done it?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I only say now that
I did not say '' hereafter.''
Mr. STANBERY. You expect to do it, not
that you have done it? I do not want to criti-
cise the language of the gentleman nor to have
mine criticised. What I understood the gen-
tleman to say, in answer to the question put by
a Senator, was that he did expect to show a
connection. If he did not mean that lie meant
nothing; or he meant one thing and said an-
other. It was to raeetthe objection thatas yet
you have laid no foundation that the question
was put to the learned Manager "do you ex-
pect to lay a foundation;" and the answer was
in the affirmative. Drawn out after one or two
repetitions of the question, the honorable Man-
ager tells us they expect to lay the foundation.
Is that enough for the introduction of evidence
which prima facie is inadmissible ? Is that
enough ? It is not enough.
I agree that there are exceptions in cases of
conspiracy, and, perhaps,, of agency, to the
Supplement—5.
necessity of the introduction of preliminary \
proof, laying the foundation before witnesses
are called to state the declarations of a co-
conspirator or of an agent. They are extreme
eases and so put in the books, but no such ex- ,■
treme case is shown here. But we have heard .
no reason why we must in this case reverse the 1
order of testimony and go into that which is [
prima facie inadmissible under the assurance
that a foundation is hereafter to be laid. j
What prevents the gentlemen from laying |
that foundation? What prevents them from ;
showing a conspiracy in the first place? A\ hat 1
prevents them from showing instructions out- ,
side of this letter of authority to use force, 1
intimidation, or threats? What reason is
there? None whatever is stated. Isit a mat-
ter merely at the option of counsel in the intro-
duction of testimony to begin at the wrong
end, to introduce what is ciiyirly inadmissible
without a foundation, and to say " We will give
you the superstructure first and the foundation
last?" Does that lie merely in the option of
counsel ? Was such a thing as that ever heard ?
None have ever heard it; and I say, and such
are the authorities, that it must be an extreme
case, founded upon direct assurance upon the
professional honor of counsel, before a court
will allow testimony prima facie inadmissible
to he admitted under the statement that here-
after a proper foundation will be laid.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President, I
must ask that the usual rule shall be enforced
here ; that if any authorities are to be cited by
the counsel for the President they must be
cited in their opening, so that we can have
opportunity to reply to them, and not after I
have replied have authorities cited. If there
are none [ will go on.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Such is the un-
doubted rule.
Mr. STANBERY. I think, Mr. Chief Jus-
tice, I will allow this question to stand without
the production of authorities.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President and
Senators, the gravity of the question presented,
being more than the mere decision of a given
interrogatory, has induced the President's
counsel to argue it at length, they seeing that
largely upon this question and the testimony
adduced under it upon one of the articles of
this impeachment the fate of their client may
depend. It is a grave question, and therefore
I must ask the attention of the Senate and the
presiding officer, as well as I may, to some
considerations which determine it in inymind.
But before I do so I pray leave to sketch the
exact status of the case up to the point at which
the question is produced; and I may say—I
trust without offense—that the learned counsel
for the President has entirely ignored that
status. I take for the evidence of it the prop-
ositions put forwardin the answer of the Pres-
ident, the papers that have been already ad-
duced, and the testimony, so far as we have
gone. It appears, then, that on or about the
12th day of August last past, possibly before
the President conceived the idea of removing
Edwin M. Stanton from office at all hazards,
claiming the power and right to do so against
the provisions of the act known as the tenure
of civil office act, he undertook to suspend him
under that act. Therefore the decision of this
question, in one of its aspects, will decide the
great question here at issue this hour. Is that
act, up to this time, to be treated as a law of the
land, as an act of Congress valid and not to be
infringed by any executive officer whatever?
Because, if it is a law, then the President ad-
mits that he undertook to remove Mr. Stanton
in violation of that law, and that he issued the
order to General Thomas for that purpose, and
only to violate it; and his palliation is that he
meant to make a case for judicial decision, but
to do so he intended to issue the order to Mr.
Thomas, and Thomas was, under it, to act in
violation of the provisions of that act. Am I
not right upon this proposition?
That being so, then we have him on his part
intending to violate the law; we have him,
then, issuing an order in violation of the law;
we have him then calling to his aid, to carry
out the violation of that law, an officer of the
Army.
Now, in the light of that position, what is
the next thing we find ? We find that he issues
an order to Lorenzo Thomas to take possession
of the War Department. The learned counsel
for the President says that that is an order in
the usual form. I take issue with him. There
are certain ear-marks about that order which
sliow that it was not in the usual form. It has
in it words of imperative command. It is not
simply, "yon are authorized and empowered
to take possession of the War Department;"
but it is "you will immediately"—all other
things being laid aside, at once, whatever may
oppose—"you will immediately enter upon the
discharge of the duties of that office."
Now, we must take another thing _ which
appears in this case beyond all possibility of
cavil, and that is, that the President knew at
that time that Mr. Stanton from the first, to
wit, on the 12th of August last, claimed the
right not to be put out of that office, and when
he went out he notified the President solemnly
that he only went out in obedience to superior
force. To get him out, the President author-
ized to take possession the General of the
Army of the United States ; and that, for all
legal purposes and for all actual purposes, was
equivalent, to using the force of the whole Army
of the United States to take possession of that
office, because if the General of the Army
thought that the order was legal, he, obeying
the orders of his superior, when lie was ordered
to take possession by force, had a right to use
the whole Army of the United States to enforce
the President's order. Therefore, the Presi-
dent was notified that Mr. Stanton only yielded
his oflice at first to superior force ; and so he
did wiselv and patriotically, because if he had
not yielded, a collision might have_ been
brought which would have raised a civil war,
which in the language of the late rebels and
General Thomas, is an " onpleasantness" be-
tween loyal and rebel men.
The President knew that Mr. Stanton at
first said, "I will only yield this office to
superior force." Then Mr. Stanton having
thus yielded it, the General of th.* Army took
possession, and oil the action of the Senate the
General vacated it in obedience to the high
behest of the Senate, and Mr. Stanton was
reinstated in it in obedience to the high behest
of the Senate, and being there he was still
more fortified in his position than at first.
If he would not yield it except to superior
force on the 12th of August, 1807, do you be-
lieve, Senators, is any man so besotted as to
believe that the President did not know that
Mr. Stanton, so reinstated, so fortified, meant
to hold the office against everything but force?
The President had been notified that Stanton
yielded only to the General of the Army; wield-
ing superior force he had seen Stanton put
back by the high authority of the Senate ; he
had seen Stanton sustained by a vote of the
Senate, declaring that the attempt to remove
him was illegal and unconstitutional ; and
then, for the purpose of bringing this to an
issue, the President of the United States is-
sued his order to General Thomas, another
officer of the Army, "You will immediately
enter upon the discharge of the duties of the
War Office." What then? He had come to
the conclusion to violate th'e law and take
possession of the AVar Office; he had come to
the conclusion to do that against the law and
in violation of tlie law; he had sent for
Thomas, and Thomas had agreed with him to
do that by some means if the President would
give him the order, and thus we have the
agreement between two minds to do an un-
lawful act; and that, I believe, is tlie definition,
of a conspiracy all over the world.
Let me restate this. You have the determina-
tion on the part of the President to do what had
been declared to be, and is, an unlawful act;
you have Thomas consenting; and you have
therefore an agreement of two minds to do an
unlawful act; and that makes a conspiracy, so
