1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
once to non-intercourse and hostility with other
nations. He is empowered to arrest and de-
tain in custody " any subject or citizen" of
the oflendmg Government who may be found
within the jurisdiction of the United States,
including, by the terms of the bill, any such in-
nocent and unoffending foreigner who may hap-
pen to be in the country. Secondly, the resort
to such a means is only to be justified in the
extremity of actual war, and even then it is felt
by all just minds to be a revolting necessity.
To imprison an innocent man in retaliation for
the injpnsonaieBt of another innocent man is
rather a rudf and barbarous than a civilized
procedure. It can give no real satisfaction
to the moral sense, and is not in harmony with
the ideas and methods of an advanced civiliza-
tion. Thirdly, it follows from what I have
said that such a means would not be the best
and most apt to attain the object had in view.
It would be more likely to still further embitter
and'embarrass the difficulty. It would close
the door to all friendly consideration of the
gre.at propositions of public law which wo
should present for the definitive sanction of
foreign States. For these reasons I earnestly
hope that no such provision may find a place
in any enactment we may pass.
In the next place I think the bill is defective
in this, that it does not clearly and distinctly
announce the principle of expatriation. The
following is that part of the first section of
the bill, as amended by the committee, which
bears upon this vitally important point, and in
my judgment it fails to make a direct and defi-
nite announcement of the principle :
Be it enacted, &c., That al! naturalized citizens of
tho United States while in foreign States shall bo
entitled to and shall receivo from this Government
tho same protection of persons and property that is
accorded to native-born citizens in like situation
and circumstances. And thePiesidcntisempoweicd
to employ all the resources of the Government in just
efforts to secure the recognition by other Govern-
ments of tho foregoing prineiplo of public law which
has heretofore been asserted by the Government of
the United States in regard to the rights of natural-
ized citizens.
Upon this language I make these remarks:
First, the statement that naturalized and native-
born citizens shall receive the same protection
may imply but it does not assert the right of
expatriation. The declaration is, that all per-
sons who have left their native country and
naturalized here shall be protected as natural-
born citizens ; but' the more fundamental lact,
upon which protection must be based at last,
that such persons had a natural right thus to
expatriate is not declared. Secondly, the
concluding clause still further confuses and en-
feebles the section by referring us back to the
principle of public law which has heretofore
been asserted by the Government of the United
States in regard to the rights of naturalized cit-
izens—the historical /act being that, however
grounded in natural justice the right of expa-
triation may be, the United States has not
heretofore given it a distinct and unbroken
utterance, such an utterance as is due to our
ideas of liberty and worthy of the public law
of the nineteenth century.
A popular idea to that intent has existed, 1
know, but it has not found a complete and con-
sistent organic expression. It is_ just that ex-,
pression which I now wish to see it have: first,
through a declaratory act or resolution on the
part of Congress, and then through a decent,
respectful, but firm maintenance of the prin-
ciple on the part of the Executive. By this
means fitly pursued I am persuaded we can soon
reach a substantial solution of the legal aspect
of the question, and thus secure all proper
protection for American citizens m foreign
States. I think I perceive that well nigh the
whole difficulty grows out of the want of a
definite and formal international recognition
of the natural right of expatriation; and 1
think I perceive that such has been the grow
of the idea of liberty, not only heie but m the
States of Europe, that that right is just about
ready to take such definite and formal place
in the law of nations. In natural reason ana
by implication from much gf the practice ot
nations it is already public law. It only needs
a technical and positive recognition. But in
seeking to secure for it that recognition we
should appeal not to the dead past, butto im-
mutable reason ; we should assert a principle
instead of reciting a history, especially where
tile text of that history speaks with a double
tongue.
Before submitting the form of a declaratory
bill, snch as I think it would bo proper to pass,
1 will first present a brief historical sketch of
the question, with a view to showing how con-
flicting has been the expression of opinion upon
the subjcct in our own country, and for the pur-
pose of suggesting some of the elements of the
solution of the problem. As the foundation
upon which a number of American opinions
rest I will first cite from Blackstone the com-
mon law doctrine of perpetual allegiance:
" It is a principle of uitivoisallaw that the natural-
born subject of one prineo cannot by any net of bis
own, no, not by swearing allegianeo to another, put
oft or discharge his natural aliegianco to tho former;
for this natural allegiance was intrinsic and primi-
tive and antecedent to tho other, nnd cannot be
divested without tho concurrent act of that prince to
whom it was firstduo."—1 JULackstoae's Conuwuiai ice,
page 1(39.
The question of tho right of an American
citizen to expatriate at his own will was first
mooted before the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States in the case of Talbot vs. Janson,
(3 Dallas, page 133,) in 1705. Thepointwas not
decided; but the discussion of it supplied some
intimation of what the opinion of the court
would have been had the facts been such as to
call for a decison. Justice Kent, commenting
upon the case, says:
" Tho majority of tho Supreme Court gave no opin-
ion upon tho question: but tho inference from the
discussion would .seem to be that a citizen coutd not
divest himself of his allegiance, except under tho
sanction of a law of tho United States, and that, until
some legislative regulations on the subject were pie-
scribed, the rule of tho common law must prevail.•
2 Kent's Commentaries, page 8.
In the case of Isaac Williams before the
circuit, court of the Suited States for the dis-
trict of Connecticut in 1797, Judge Ellsworth,
at the time Chief Justice of the United States,
is reported to have said, in the delivery of the
opinion:
" Tho common law of this country remains tho same
as it was beforo tho Itevolution. The present ques-
tion is to bo decided by two great principles; ono is
that nil tho members of a. civil community are bound
to each other by compact; the other is that one of
tho p.u ties t o this compact cannot dissolve it by his
own act. The compact between our community and
its members is, that tho community will protoct
its members; and on tho part of tho members that
they will at all timos bo obedient to tho laws of
tho community and faithful to its dofenso, It neces-
sarily results that tlio member cannot dissolve tho
compact without the consent or default of tho com-
munity."—2 Craneh, page 82, note a.
In the ease of the United States vs. Gillies,
before the circuit court of the United States
for the district of Pennsylvania, in the year
1815, (1 Peters, C. C. R., 150.) the question
was again alluded to, but not decided. Jus-
tice Washington, though not deciding the point,
indulged in a very broad intimation of his
opinion upon it. lie said:
"I do not moan to moot tho question of expatria-
tion tounded on tho soli-will ot a citizen, because it
is entirely beside the case beforo the court. It may
suffice for tho present to say that I must, bo more
enlightened upon this subject than I havo yet been
before I can admit that a citizen of the United
States can throw off his allcgiance to his country
without some law authorizing him to do so. It is
true that a man may obtain a foreign dnmieilo which
will impress upon him a nal.ional character tor com-
mercial purposes, and may expose his propcity found
upon the ocean to all the consequences of his new
character, in like manner as if he were, in fact, a
subject of the Government under which ho resides. !!
But he does not, on this account, lose his original
character, or cease to be a subject or citizen of tho
country where ho was horn and to which his per-
petual allegiance is due."
Justice Kent, after referring to the preceding
and some other cases, eon eludes as follows :
"From this historical review of tho principal dis-
cussions in the Federal courts on this interesting sub-
ject in American jurisprudence, th.e better opinion
would seem to be that a citizen cannot renounce his !
allegiance to the TJnitcd State? wirhont the permission I
of Government, to be declared by law; and that, as I
there is no existing legislative regulation on thccase, i
the rule of the English common law remains unal- i
Urod.''—2 Kent's Co.ii/nentanc*, page 10. j
At a later period, 1830, in the case of Inglis
vs. the Trustees of the Sailors' Snug Harbor,
(3 Peter's S. C. E. 99,) the Supreme Court
said that "allegiance may be dissolved by the
mutual consent of the Government and its cit-
izens or subjects;" that "the Government may
release the governed from their allegiance."
And in the case of Shanks, ct al., vs. Dupont,
et at,, {Ibid., 242,) Mr. Justice Story, deliver-
ing the opinion of the court, said:
"Thegeneral doctrine is that no persons can by
any act of their own, without tho consent of tho
Government, put off their allegiance and become
aliens."
In 2 Story on the Constitution, paragraph
110, note 4, I find the following, which is to
the same purport exactly:
" A question is often discussed under this head,
how far a person has a righ t to throw off his national
allegiance and to become tho subject of another
country without the conscnt of his native country.
This is usually denominated the right of expatria-
tion. It is beside the purpose of these commenta-
ries to enter into any consideration of this subject,
as it does not properly belong to any constitutional
inquiry. It may be stated, however, that there is no
authority which has affirmatively maintained the
right, (unless provided for by the laws of tho particu-
lar country,) andj;bere is a very strong current of
reasoning on the other side, independent of the
known practice and claims of the nations of modern
Europe."
The general effect of the foregoing opinions
is, that the citizen cannot expatriate without
the consent of his Government, declared by law
—a conclusion in which I by no moans concur,
believing, as I do, that it is not sanctioned by
reason and natural justice, and knowing, as I
do, that it is not in harmony with the actual
practice of nations. There is another class of
American opinions quite the reverse of the fore-
going and altogether sounder, in my judgment.
1 will next produce a few of these:
In the ease of Stoughtonrs. Taylor, (2 Paine's
Circuit Court Beports, page 660,) the right of
expatriation is expressly held to be inherent and
fundamental. Justice Van Ness, delivering the
opinion of the court, said :
" The occasion will not permit mo to go into a full
examination of the principles of public law inrefer-
cneo to thisrightof expatriation. Ithink. however,
that it can bo maintained under the established law
of nations, and even by tho laws and the practice of
thoso who have become the most strenuous for what
may bo termed the modern doctrine of perpetual
allegiance—a doctrine which grow out of tho feudal
system, and was supported upon a principle which
bccarao imperative with the obligations on which it
was founded^ In this country expatriation is con-
ceived to be a fundamental right."
In tho case of Murray vs. McCarty, (2 Mun-
ford, 393,) decided in 1811, in the supreme
court of appeals of the State of Virginia,
Judge Cabell said:
" No,tare has given to all men tho risht of relin-
quishing the society in which birth or accident may
havo thrown them, and of seeking subsistence and
. , they enter into a
state o± society, they cannot, by any compact de-
prive or divest their posterity.' But although muni-
cipal laws cannot take awav or destiov this greet
right they may regulate the manner and prescribe
tho evidence of its existence, and in the absence of
the regulations, juris po-iitivi, the right must be exer-
ciscd according to the principles of general law."
In the case of_Alsberrv vs. Hawkins, (9
Dana s l^eports, 1m,) decided in the court of
appeals of the State of Kentucky in the
chief justice, George Robertson, a very able
judge, in rendering the decision of the 'court,
said:
, "Whatever may bo the speculative or practical
aoctrmes ot_ feudal Governments or ages, allegiance
m these Llilted States, whether local or national, is.
in our judgment, altogether conventional, and may
ho repudiated by thonative as well as adopted citizen
with the presumed concurrence of th.e Government,
wuhout itsformol or exj lessr-unctiou. Expatriation
may be considered a practical and fundamental doc-
trine ot Anier.ca. American history, American insti-
tution&,aiiu American legislation all rceosniye it It
has prawn witii our growth and strengthened with
our sfreiv-uh. I ho political obligations ot the citizou
aml^ne irKore=t;s oi the Kepuhlicmny forbid a renun-
ciation ot Oxlegi&nee by his mere volition or dt ua'u-
uon ;u any time and under all efreurnstaive*  n.l
tnerctoro tao tfovcrnmenr, for the I'urpo^e of i.rc-
vpin{"fnatVUSC a *d s?climj-.lhc welfare, may
ltgulato tho mode ot expatriation,"
Secretary Marcy, in his letter to Chevalier
Hulseman, in the case of Martin Kocsta, has
