66
SUPPLEMENT TO
far as I understand the law of conspiracy. So
that upon that conspiracy we should rest this
evidence under article seven, which alleges
that—
"AndrewJohnson" * * * * "didunlaw-
fully conspire with one Lorenzo Thomas, with intent
unlawfully to seize, take, and possess the property
of the United States in the Department of War in
the custody and charge of Edwin M. Stanton."
And also under article five, which alleges a
like unlawful conspiracy not alleging that in-
tent.
Then there is another ground upon which
this evidence is admissible, and that is upon
the ground of principal and agent. Let us, if
you please, examine that ground for a few mo-
ments. The President claims by his answer
here that every Secretary, every Attorney Gen-
eral, every executive officer of this Govern-
ment exists by his will, upon his breath only;
that they are all his servants only, and are re-
sponsible to him alone, not to the 'Senate or
Congress or either branch of Congress ; and
he may remove them for such cause as he
chooses ; he appoints them for such cause as he
chooses ; and he claims this right to be illimit-
able and uncontrollable, and he says in his
message to you of December 12, 18G7, that if
any one of his Secretaries had said to him that
he would not agree with him upon the uncon-
stitutionality of the act of March 2, 1867, he
would have turned him out at once. All this
had passed into history, and Mr. Thomas knew
that as well as anybody else. Now, then,what
is the position and duties of a Secretary of
War, whether ad interim or permanent? It
is that he—
" Shall perform and execute such duties as shall
from time to time be enjoined on or intrusted to him
by tho President of the United States agreeably to
. the Constitution"—
Intrusted to him agreeably to the Constitu-
tion.
"Relative to military commissions, or to tho land
or naval forces, ships, or warliko stoi cs of tho United
States, or such other matters respecting military or
naval affairs as tho President ot tho United States
shallasoign to tho said Department," *■ " * *
" and that tho said principal otlicer shall conduct the
business of tho said Department iu such manner as
tho President of tho United btates shall from time
to time order or instruct."
Therefore, his commission is to do precisely
as the President desires him to do about any-
thing that pertains to the War Oflice, and he
stands, then, as the agent of the principal—to
do what ? He was authorized by the President
to obtain possession of the War Office. Was
he authorized to do anything else that wo hear
of up to that time? No. He was to obtain
possession of the office. Now, what do we
propose to show by this evidence? Having
shown that Thomas was authorized to obtain
possession of the office ; having shown that he
had agreed with the President to obtain it;
having put in testimony that the two stood to-
gether in the pursuit of one common object,
the President wanting Thomas to get in, and
Thomas wanting to get in, and both agreeing
and concerting means together to get in, the
question is whether, under every rule of law,
wo are not permitted to show the acts and
declarations, however naked these declarations
may be, ot either of these two parties about
the common object? And tho very question
presupposes that we are only to ask the declar-
ations ot Thomas about the common object.
But the ease does not quite stop here, because
we shall show that Thomas was then talking
about to execute the common purpose. We
asked Mr. Bdp.lekui if he was a friend to
General Thomas; he said yes; if they were
intimate? yes; accustomed to visit backward
and forward? yes. Governor Moobhuad has
already told you that Mr. Buiii.eigii was a friend
ot the President. There needed somebody to
aid in this enterprise; some mora! support was
wanted in this enterprise; and we propose to
show that General Thomas was endeavoring to j
get one of the members of the House of Kep- !
resentatives to support him in the enterprise, j
and was laying out the plan, and that he asked j
him to go with iiim the next morning and aid j
him in the enterprise, andbetheie aiding and !
abetting in the enterprise. Such is the testi-
mony we propose to show, and that is one way
in which we propose to connect the Pz-esident
with the joint enterprise. Such is the exact
condition of things.
Now, having shown a common object,
whether a lawful or unlawful one would
make no difference as to this point; but, as I
contend, a common, unlawful object, and hav-
ing shown the two parties agreeing upon one
thing, having shown the authority of one to
the other to do an act, can we not put in the
declarations of both parties in regard to that
act? Do not the acts of one become the abts
of the other? Take the testimony we put in
yesterday. Why did not my learned friends
object to what Thomas said to Mr. Stanton
when he demanded the War Office ? The
President was not there. To use the argu-
ments of the learned counsel for the President,
Thomas was not upon oath ; he was acting in
the President's absence. Why should we put
in the act of Thomas there yesterday? It was
because he was doing in relation to the thing
itself.
Mr. STANBERY. That was within the
authority.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Ah! that was
within the authority. IIovv was it within the
authority ? It was within the authority because
the President had commanded him to take
possession. Now, then, I want to show the
means by which he was to take possession.
How was that to be done? Why, they say
(and only the gravity of the occasion prevents
me from believing it a stupendous joke) we
should show what he said by calling Thomas.
On the trial of one conspirator call the other
to show the conspiracy ! Was that ever done
in any court upon any question whatever, ex-
cept one conspirator turns Slate's evidence or
king's evidence, as it is called ? and Thomas,
I believe, is not quite bad enough to do that
yet. It, was never done, by intelligent counsel.
These, then, are the foundations on which
we stand. Now, what are the authorities for
receiving these declarations? I hold in my
hand lioscoe's Criminal Evidence, and I pro-
pose to cite it upon this point: that we are not
bound to put in all our evidence at once, and
that, by the very acts and declarations of the
conspirators themselves, we may prove the
conspiracy:
1 read from page 390 :
"The rule, says Mr. Starkie, that one man is not to
bo affected by the acts and declarations ot a stranger,
rests on tho principles of tho purest justice "—
" Acts and declarations of a stranger
will observe—
"and although the courts, in cases of conspiracy,
have, out of convenience, and on account ot the diffi-
culty in otherwise proving the guilt ot tho parties,
admitted tho acts and declarations of strangers to be
given in evidence, in order to establish tho tact of a
conspiracy, it is to bo remembered that this is an
inversion of the usual order, for the sake of conven-
ience, and that such evidence is, in the result, mate-
rial so far only as the assent of tlio'necnsed to what
has been done by others is proved."—:; Stnrk. Eo„
233, second edition.
"It has since been held that the prosecutor may
either prove the conspiracy which renders the acts
ot tho conspirators admissible m evidence, or he may
piovc the acts of the different persons, and thus
prove the conspiracy."
And we have attempted to prove the con-
spiracy in the same way.
Again, the authority says :
"Where, therefore, a party met, which was joined
by the prisoner tho next day, it was held, that di-
rections given by one ot the party on the day of their
meeting, as to where they were to go, and for what
purpose, were admissible, and tho case was said to
tall within Hex vs. Hunt, 3 13., and Aid., 5Gt>, where
evidence of dulling at a different place two days
befoi e, mid hissing an obnoxious person, was held
receivable."
The answer of tho learned counsel to the
authority would be to say, " those were acts."
I agree ; but declarations simply may be proof
of such conspiracy. Now, then, if the Senate
believe that we have shown any common pur-
pose, which is all that is necessary, between the
President and Thomas, then this authority
which we find on page 393 is in point:
" Tho eases inwhieh after the existence of a con-
spiracy is established, and tho particulardetondants
you
have been proved to have been parties to it, the acts
or declarations of other conspirators may be given
in evidence against them, have already been con-
sidered (vide ante, pp. 76-SO ; It seems to make no
difference as to tho admissibility of this evidence,
whether the other conspirators be indicted or not,
or tried or not; for the making of them codefend-
ants would give no additional strength to their dec-
larations as against others."
That authority answers the argument of the
learned counsel for the defendant when he
says Thomas is not here on trial. No; but
his conspirator is, his master is, his principal
is, and the fact that he is not present makes
no difference on the question of evidence. The
evidence is admissible because of the mutual
agreement.
To show that this doctrine stands upon the
same ground, as well in civil cases as in crim-
inal, 1 refer next to 2 Carrington and Payne,
p. 232. This was an action of false imprison-
ment against three certain defendants:
"The plaintiff's counsel wished to give in evidence,
that several weeks after all the defendants had
locked the plaintiff up in the cage, the defendant,
Court, said, '1 will take care that neither of the
\Vrights shall have a bed to lie on before the end
of six months.' At the time this was said tho other
defendants were not present."
These three men had engaged in locking a
man up in jail, and weeks afterward one of
the defendants made a declaration as to his
purpose, and that was to oppress the party
injured by keeping him locked up and putting
him to bodily inconvcnience.
"Jcrvis, for the defendants, objected that this dec-
laration of the defendant, Court, ought not to be
received in evidence, because it was made in the
absence of the other defendants."
" G\arrO"W", B.—I am of opinion that this declara-
tion ut the defendant, Court, is evidence. It is ue-
cess-iry that the plaintiff should connect all the
defendants as joint trespassers in the fact of impris-
onment ; and, havingdone so, I must receive in evi-
dence anything that either of the defendants said
relative to the trespass, though in the absence of the
others. So much as to the law. On tho hardship of
the case 1 need only say that if the law were not so,
a man going todo another an injury might proclaim
his maiicc in tho market-place and yet hhut out evi-
dence of such malice from the consideration of the
jury by only associating himself in the transaction
with other persons a shade less guilty than himself;
andpersons may always avoid the declaration.-, of the
malice of their codefendants operating1 against
them by taking care not to be concernedin the doing
of things which they cannot afterward justify.''
Is not this case precisely in point with ours,
only a hundred times stronger But 1 may be
answered that that is an English case. Well,
I have here a United States case, the case of
the United States vs. Gooding, 12 Wheaton ; I
shall read from pages 40!) and 470. Let me
state the case. One Gooding had fitted out at
Baltimore a slaver called the General Winder—
and I may say, in passing, a very proper name
for it—and having fitted her out he sent her to
the West Indies, and there being at the West
Indies, before she started on her voyage to
Africa, the captain undertook to tell a witness
on what voyage she was going, where she was
bound ; the evidence offered being:
"That ho. Captain Coit, was at St. Thomas whilo
i the General Winder was at that island, in September,
]sit, and was frequently on boaid the vessel at that
time; that Captain Hill, tho master of the vessel,
then and there proposed to the witness to engage on
board the General \\ inder as mate for the voyage
then in progress, and described tho same to be a voy-
age to the coast ot Africa for slaves, and theneo back
to Trinidad do Cuba; that he offered to the witness
| seventy dollars per month, and five dollars per head
I foi every pnme slave which should be brought to
i Cnba; that on the witness inquiring who would sco
the crew paid in theevent ot a disaster attending tho
voyage, Captain Hill replied, ' Uncle John,' mean-
ing (as the witness undeistood) John Gooding, tile
defendant."
_ The defendant being in Baltimore at that
time. The first point taken in this case was
that the act of hiring a man to be a mate was
in the scope of his authority ; and the second
point was that telling who would pay him was
a declaration of one of the principals, of one
of the conspirators, if you please, of one parry
engaged in a joint transaction with the other.
Upon that the court say:
"Thosedeclarations and explanations i-re nsinoeh
within the scope of the authority as the ai t of lining
itself. Our opinion ot the admissibility ot thu evi-
dence proceeds upon tlio ground that these were not
the naked declarations of tho master, unaccompanied
with his acts in that capacity, but declarations
