THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
coupled with proceedings for the objects of the voy-
age, aiul while it was in progress. Wegivenoopinion
upon the point whether mere declarations uuder
other circumstances would have bee# admissible."
Now, let us see the condition of General
Thomas. He had been on the 21st of Febru-
ary ordered to take possession " immediately,"
at once. He had gone to a friend of his, Mr.
Burleigh, and wanted him to aid him in this
object. He was hiring a mate, if you please,
on that voyage, precisely within the case of
Gooding. He was wanting somebody to aid
him;,and he thereupon describes to Burleigh
the voyage: that it was to be a slaver's voyage;
what lie was to pay; how it was to be received ;
how he was to seize the slave; or, in other
words, hoiv he is to seize the War Department ;
and we offer to put these things in evidence by
his declarations.
X have but one authority more, and I will
cease troubling the Senate upon this point. 1
read from 3 Greenleaf on Evidence, section
ninety- three:
" The evidence in proof of a conspiracy will gen-
erally, from tlte nature of the ease, be Vircumstaii-
tial.' Thouglvthe common design is the essence of
the charge, it is not n'-cessary to prove that the de-
fendants came together and actually agreed in terms
to have that design and to pursue it by common
means. If it be proved that the defendants pursued
by their acts tlio same object, often by the same
means, one performing one part and another another
part of the same, so as to complete it with a view to
the attainment ot that same object, the jury will be
justified in the coneiu-don that they were engaged in
a conspiracy to eftect that object."
Almost in the language of this authority the
object was to get i.lie War Department at all
hazards. That is agreed; that is in the Presi
dent's answer. It is there said to be a high
constitutional prerogative to do it! They had
been notified that Stanton would hold it by
force, as, thank God, up to this hour, he has
held it against these conspirators; and being
notified that he would not deliver it excopt to
force, they then started out to devise ways and
means, and we shall show you, and by these very
conversations with this very person.Thomas de-
clared that if he had not been arrested by the
intervention of the courts he would have used
force on the morning when he was there, as
has been shown.
Now, are we, upon the trial of this issue, to
be told that the President of the United States
can employ men to go to do this, that, and the
other, which is illegal, admitted to be illegal,
unless the law is unconstitutional, and then
turn back upon us and say, "Oh, you cannot
put in what my agents said while they wore
pursuing this thing, while they wore getting
together means to execute my will." Let me
illustrate for a moment. This is only to liuit-
l.ciciII. Suppose Thomas Lad gone to get the
commander of ibis department, General Em-
ory, with his forces. Suppose he had said to
him, ''1 want you to come to-morrow to aid
moirail see me take this Department by force,''
could we not put that m? Is this objected to
because lie only asked -Mr. lltiRLClou? If ho
kept ashing men enough to go with linn he would
have had enough, as he thought he had, until
the hand of the law was laid upon him. Theie-
fore 1 respectfully answer the question put by
the learned Senator thatwe have connected and
do expect to connect the President with this
by a series of acts, a series of deciaiations, a
series ol operations which will leave no doubt
on the mind of any Senator what tins purpose
was. But we claim, further, that there is no
doubt upon any man's mind what the purpose
was at that hour.
I desire, in closing, simply to call your at-
tention to the opening address of the Attorney
General—I beg pardon, the learned counsel
for the defendant; he will pardon me, but I
have been so accustomed to meet him in other
relations that 1 sometimes forget. He says
that we have now got to a question of law lit
to be argued by lawyers to lawyers, implying
that all other questions v, >ich have been argued
before this high court, as he insistsupon calling
it, have not been fit to be argued either by
lawyers cr to lawyers. It is forjou to "defend
yourselves from that sort of imputation. I
had supposed the great questions we had been
arguing were not only fit to be argued by law-
yers to lawyers, but by statesmen to statesmen,
by the Representatives of the people to the
Senators of the United States. And I insist
that this question is not one to be narrowed
down to the attorney's office, but is to be
viewed in the light of the law and enlightened
jurisprudence as it will be administered by the
Senate of the United States.
The question for you to determine is, will
this evidence aid you, for you are both court
and jury; this is not a case where the court
rule one way and the jury may go another;
but you are both court and jury—will this evi-
dence enlighten you if you hear from this Sec-
retary ad interim as to what he was doing and
intending to do in this matter, joint enterprise
of himself and the President. Will it enlighten
you upon the judgment you are to render? If
it will not, then you will say so, and vote that
it shall not be heard, and the people's case
will not be brought before the Senate. If, on
the contrary, it will enlighten you, then I re-
spectfully and earnestly urge that it may he
received. And in this we are fortunate in
being sustained by the high authority of the
presiding officer. I had supposed this ques-
tion was ruled and settled yesterday, and hardly
expected to debate it this morning. AU lean
say is, as the decision is made, however much
I might havo objected to the mode in which it
was made, I respectfully submit stare decisus
let the decision stand, in the language of the
rule, as the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. CUHTiS. Mr. Chief Justice, I ask to
have the question propounded by the honor-
able Managers read. It is long, and consists
of different parts, and 1 desire it to be dis-
tinctly understood before I speak to it.
Tlie CHIEF J UST 1013. The Secretary will
read the question propounded by Mr. Manager
Bi'TiXR to the witness.
The Secretary read as follows:
"You said yesterday, in answer to my question,
thatjou had a conversation wilti General Lorenzo
'i'hoin.is on the evening ot the 21st of 1'ebruary last.
State if lie said a.nythnnj as to the means by which
he intended to obtain, or was directed by the Presi-
dent to obtiiin, possession of tlie War ljepartment.
It so, state what ho said as nearly as you can/'
Mr. CUIiTlS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, you will observe that this question con-
tains two distinct branches. The first inquires
of the witness for declarations of General
Thomas respecting his own intent. Thesccond
inquires of the witness fordeclaratious of Gen-
eral Thomas respecting directions given to him
by the President. In reference to the first
biancli, that is, the separate and independent
intent of General Thomas himself, I am not
aware that its subject-matter is anywhere put
in issue by the articles. General Thomas is
not on trial. It is the President who is on
trial. It is his intentions or directions, the
means, the unlawful means, which he is charged
with having adopted and endeavored to carry
into effect, which constitute criminality in those
articles wliu.li relate at all to this subject; and
therefore it seems to me that it is a sullicient
objection to the first part of this question that
it relates to a subject-matter wholly immaterial,
and which, if proved by legitimate evidence,
ought m no manner to affect the case of the
President. The Piesident is not charged here
with any ill intentions or illegal intentions of
General Thoina^; lie is charged here with his
own illegal intentions: with them alone can he
be charged ; and therefore 1 respectfully sub-
mit to Senators that that branch of the question
which seeks to draw into tins case evidence of
the intentions of General Thomas, aside from
instructions given to him or views communi-
cated to him by the President himself, is utterly
immaterial, and ought not to be allowed to be
proved by any evidence, whether competent or
incompetent.
Ill the next place, I submit that the evidence
which is offeied to prove the intention of Gen-
einl Thomas, if that fact were in issue here,
and could, when proved, have any effect upon
the President's case, is not of an admissible
character. The intent of a party, as every
lawyer knows, is a fact, and it is a fact to be
proved by legal and admissible evidence; just
as much as any other fact. *tt is natural for a
person not a lawyer to say that the true way to
ascertain a man's intent is to take what he
says is his intent; because intent is a state of
mind, and when that is expressed that expres-
sion is fit evidence of it. Aif that is true; but
inasmuch as it is not sworn evidence of it, in-
asmuch as it is not given by the man when on
the stand in the presence of the accused and
with opportunity for cross-examination, it is
no evidence at all, unless you can bring the
case within one of the exceptions which exist
in the law; one of these exceptions, as has
been said by my associate counsel, being the
case of principal and agent; the other the
case of coconspirators.
I do not propose to go over the argument
which was so clearly and forcibly put, a3 it
seems to mo, by my associate, who opened it.
I think Senators must have understood per-
fectly well the grounds upon which it is our
intention to rest this objection to the declara-
tions of General Thomas so far as regards his
own intent, that he was not the agent of the
President, that he received from a superior
officer an order to do a certain thing, and in
no sense thereby became an agent of that
superior officer, nor did that superior officer
become accountable for the manner in which
he might cany out that order; and that this is
specially true when the nature of the order is
nothing but the designation of one public officer
to notify another public officer that he has
been designated to discharge the duties of the.
office from which the latter has been removed;
in which case whatever this designated person
may do he does on his own account and by-
force of his own views of how the authority is
to be carried out unless lie has received some
special instructions in regard to the mode of
carrying them out.
We submit, then, in the first place, that the
intentions of General Thomas are immaterial,
and the President cannot be affected by them;
and secondly, if they be material, they must be
proved by sworn evidence, and not by hearsay
statements.
The other part, Senators, of the question
appears to mo to admit of even less doubt;
and that part is attempting to inquire of the
witness what was said by General Thomas re-
specting directions or instructions given to him
by the President, which presents the naked
case of an attempt to prove an authority of an
agent by the agent's own declarations. The
question is whether the President gave instruc-
tions to General Thomas in regard to the par-
ticular manner or means by which this order
was to be carried out. Upon its face the order
is intelligible. We understand it to be in the
usual form. There is no allusion made to the
exercise of force, threats, or intimidation of
any kind. Now they propose to superadd to
this written order, bj' means of the declarations
of the agent himself, that he had an authority
to use threats, intimidation, or force; and no
lawyer will say that that can be done unless
there is first laid the foundation for it by show-
ing that the two parties were connected to-
gether as coconspirators. I agree that if they
could show a conspiracy between the President
and General Thomas to which these declara-
tions relate, then the declarations of one of
them in reference to the subject-matter of that
conspiracy would be evidence against the other.
Now, what is the case as it stands here be-
fore you, and as is asserted by the honorable
Manager himself? He starts out with the
proposition that the President in his answer
has admitted his intention to remove Mr. Stan-
ton from office. That, he says, was an illegal
intention. That, he says, was an intention to
be carried out by means of the order given to
General Thomas; and when the President, he
says, gave that order to General Thomas, and
