4174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
rates of yearly interest, payable semi-annually in
coin, that is to say: the issue of bonds falling due in
twenty years shall bear interest at five per cent.;
bonds falling due in thirty years shall bear interest
at four and a half per cent.; and bonds falling due in.
forty years shall bear intercstlatfour per cent,; -which
said bonds shall becxempt irom taxation in any form
by or under State, municipal, or local authority, and
the same and the interest thereon, and the income
therefrom shall be exempt horn the payment of ail
taxes or duties to the United States other than such
income tax as may be assessed upon other incomes;
and the said bonds and the proceeds thereof shall be
exclusively used for tlie redemption or payment, at
the option of the holder, or purchase of, or exchange
ior, an equal amount of any of the present interest-
bearing debt ot the United States othc than the
exist hi?? five per cent, bonds and the three per cent,
certificates, and may be issued to an amount, in rlio
aggregate, sufficient to cover the principal of all out-
standing or existing obligations as limited hciein.
and no more, but net to cxeced $7UO,OtX),OUO shall bo
of the issue redeemable in twenty yeais.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was to the first
clause of the section, to insert the words " not
less than fifty dollars" after the words "the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to issue coupou or registered bonds of the Uni-
ted States in such form and of suck denomina-
tions."
Mr, SCHENCK. It so late in the session,
and so much opportunity for general debute
has already been had by members of the ILouse,
iu and out of committee, for the last seven or
eight months, that I am admonished to ask
the House to let all debate upon this bill be a
mere business discussion. For that purpose I
now move that the committee rise, in order to
close all general debate on this bill, and leave
it subject only to the five-minutes' business dis-
cussion.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope not. I think the
fairest way will be to confine the debate strictly
to the subject of the bill and allow no political
discussion. This is the most important bill
that has come before Congress.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is now in
order.
The question was taken on the motion that
the committee rise; and upon a division there
were—ayes 05, noes 36.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Po.un-
eoy reported that the Committee of the Whole,
pursuant to order, had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly Senate
bill No. 207, for funding the national debt and
for the conversion of the notes of the United
States, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move that when the
House again resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the special order all general
debate shall cease in two hours.
Mr. FAltNSWOHTH. Less than that will
be enough.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; I will say one
hour.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Soiiexck] that if
we are not going into general debate on this
bill there is no fairness or justice in limiting
general debate to one hour or two hours; there
should not be one minute allowed for general
debate. Let there be no limit to general dis-
cussion, or let all the discussion be under the
live-minute rule.
Mr. SCHBN CK. That will entirely suit my
ideas. [ am willing to modify my motion to
conform to that suggestion.
Mr. (JAJIFIELL. If we are going to have
two liouis of general debate it should be on
the condition that each speaker shall be limited
to twenty minutes. It would not be fair that
two members should occupy the whole of the
two hours.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I shall
move to amend the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] so as to restrict
general debate to half an hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. By way of testing the
sense of the House I will move that all gen-
eral debate in Committee of the Whole on this
bill be limited to two hours, each speech to
bo limited to twenty minutes. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania can now move his amend-
ment to confine debate to half an hour.
The SPEAKER. The limitation of speeches
to twenty minutes will require unanimous con-
sent, as it clian<ros the rule.
Mr. FAKNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to amend the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio so as to restrict debate to half an hour.
I think we can all understand the bill well
enough in that time.
Mr. SCHENCK. As there is objection to
limiting speeches to twenty minutes, I with-
draw my motion allowing two hours for gen-
eral debate, and move that all general debate
in Committee of the Whole be limited to ten
minutes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. \VAS1IBU11NE, of Illinois. I renew
the amendmeut of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania so as to allow half an hour for gene-
ral debate.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Sciiexok.
Mr. BROOKS. Upon an important bill like
this, involving so many million dollars, I feel
it my duty to demand the yeas and nays on
limiting debate.
'The yeas and nays were ordered.
'The question was taken; and it was decided
in the allirmative—yeas 70, nays 09, not voting
02; as follows :
YEA.S—Jlessrs. Allison, Anderson, Dclos E. Ash-
toy, B:\iley, iicatty, Benjamin, i3i))S?haui,
lirotmial), Ctmrohili, Header \\r. Clarke, Sidney
Olaike, Covode, i);uvcs, Dixon, Doimellv, Dnstes,
Kckley, Kla, Fain^worth, Ferriss, 11'k:UU, (iet/,, Gris-
wold, Hamilton, Hill, iimds, Hopkins, Chester 1).
ilubbrtnl, Uuiburcl, Hunter, Inijei soil, iCoo'it'/, Laf-
lin, Mallory, jUarvin, Maymml, McCarthy, MeOjurf?,
McK.ee, JMillor, Moore, Moircll, Mulling, O'Neill,
Oitii, Paine, Perliam, Peters, Plants, Polbley, Poiu-
eroy. Sawyer, Sehenek, Scofiold. Shanks, Spalding:,
Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Taylor,
Upson, Van Aernatn, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyek,
lienry I). Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wil-
Jiatn Williams, James K. Wilson, and Stephen E.
Wilson—70.
NAV^—Messrs. Aniell, James M.Ashley, Axtell,
Bakei. J3eek, lilair,iioutwell, lioyden. Boyer,Bnim-
well, 1'ionks. JiiiL-kland, Benjamin 1'. Butler, Cake,
Cary, Cobb, Cobui n. Cook, Oullom, Delano, Doekeiy,
I'ildi'idse, Eliot, b'ox. UarliHit, Gioysbrenncr, (iolla-
day, Uiavely, (Jrover, llaisjlit, Hawkins, iieaton,
HiKby, Hooper, llotehki.-s, Jew-lses, Alexander H.
Jones,.Tudd, Kelsey, Kerr, William Lawrence, Loan,
Lo^an. Lynch, Marshall, MeCuliouith. Jlercur, Nib-
laok, Nieholsun, utin,Pike. Poland, .Randall, Boss,
Smith, Stewalt, Stone, Tabei, Thomas, LawienccS,
Tnmblo. Tiviehell, Van Auken, Van Trnnu . Ward,
JOhhu B. Washburne, Welker, Thomas Williams,
Woodbridso, anil Woodward—09.
NOT VOXIXC—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman. Benton, Blaine,
Boles, Burr, Kodenck li. Buller, Chanler, Cornell,
Dewee&e, Dod^e. iJggle.-ton, Feny, Pmmo, Freneh,
llalsey, Haulms, llolman, A^ahel W. Hubbard,
ltichardl). Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson, Thomas
L. Jones, Julian, Kclley, Ketcham, Kitchen, Knott,
George V. Lawronee, Lincoln, Loujjbridse, MeCor-
miek, Moorhead, Morns^ey, Muntrcn, Mjcr.s, jNcw-
eomb, Phelps, J'lie. lb ice, iVuyn. iti' uin, Kot>':rt>on,
ltobmson, Roots, Selye. Shellabarffcr, Sitgreaves,
Aaron J'1. Stevens. Taffe, John Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Hubert T. Van Horn, Uadwalader O. Wash-
burn, John X'. Wilson, Windom, and Wood—G-.
So the motion of Mr. Schkxck was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union to resume the consideration of
the funding bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
207) for funding the national debt and for the
conversion of the notes of the United States.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all general debate has been limited to ton min-
utes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, as some
complaint has been made in regard to the re-
striction of debate upon this bill, I desire to
have it clearly understood how and why it is that
this limitation has been enforced upon the mo-
tion C have made. It is unnecessary to speak
of the necessity of limiting debate on this bill
at this stage of the session, if there is to be any
positive action on the bill before Congress ad-
journs. ltecognizing this fact I moved to allow,"
as an introductory debate on the bill, a larger
latitude in the shape of general debate to ex-
tend over two hours of time, asking there should
be a division of time allowing a speech of
twenty minutes to each person engaged in that
general debate. This would have given an
opportunity to six genflemen to have been
heard at some reasonable length on the bill.
The latter proposition I could not have acceded
to without unanimous consent of the House,
and although, under the rule, the debate could
have been stopped in two hours, inasmuch as
I could not get that unanimous consent, of the
House to limit the debate to twenty minutes,
the consequence would have been in that two
hours the whole time could have been occupied
by any two gentlemen speaking an hour each.
As the question, therefore, was between a gen-
eral debate, which should be limited to two
speeches of an hour each, or else putting all
upon an equal footing, allowing an analysis of
the bill by a business discussion in five min-
utes, although I preferred the latter, and made
the motion 1 did, I wish to make these remarks
as a reply to any complaint which may be
made of any unfairness or inconsideration in
the treatment of a bill so important as this,
without sufficient opportunity to have it fully
and completely passed under the consideration
of the House in an unrestricted discussion.
The question, Mr. Chairman, will be first
on the first amendment to this section proposed
by the Committee of Ways and Means. I have
simply to say, what will be obvious to any gen-
tleman who will consult the Senate bill, the
insertion of the words " not less than fifty dol-
lars" is for the purpose of giving a limitation
which does not exist in any form in the Senate
bill. 'The Senate bill does not prescribe the
denomination of the bonds, but leaves them to
bo issued in just such form and denominations
as may be agreeable to the Secretary of the
Treasury. 'Tins would have enabled the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue bonds down to
the price of five dollars or any less sum he
pleases. We thought, so far as the minimum
was concerned, fifty dollars, the present denom-
ination of bonds on the market, was a fair and
proper one considering those making invest-
ments in bonds, and we so acted. As a limita-
tion it would also operate as a direction under
this law, if it become a law, as heretofore under
other laws, to the Secretary of the Treasury,
and bonds of lifty dollars, if (hat is specified in
the bill, would be issued under its provisions,
if it became a law, and thus enable people of
limited means to invest as they do now in small
sums in our public securities and spread them
through the land creating an interest every-
where and to a wide extent in the credit of the
Government.
A gentleman has intimated to me it would
be well, perhaps, the amendment should go a
little further than is proposed by the Committee
of Ways and Means, and the denomination of
the bonds should be fixed at not less than lifty
dollars, and they should also be in multiples
ot that sum, so as to secure uniformity. I will
give an opportunity to the gentleman to move
an amendment of that sort before the vote is
taken on the amendmeut of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. BUXLEIt, of Massachusetts. I simply
desire to call the attention oi the committee
to an amendment to make the hill uniform, to
insert after tlie words "tifty dollars" the
words " or a multiple thereofso it will read:
_ That the Secretary of the Treasury iihercby author-
ized, to issue ^ coupon or re^istcied bunds of the
U nited {States in such form and of such denominations
not less than tiicy dollars, or a multiple thereof, as ho
may prcbcube.
Mr. SCHENCK. I liave drawn an amend-
ment which will probably accomplish the ob-
ject of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Huike out atid insert, .so it will read:
, The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby author-
ized to isbuo coupon or rcgisted bonds of the United
otates in such form as he may prescribe of the
