3150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
the whole. The amendment that I asked to be
put upon that bill was not put upon it; so that
the Senate voted to appropriate to the partieij
mentioned in the proviso the whole sum pro
vided by the board. Now, here is a joint reso-
lution which offers to them the same oppor-
tunity to sue in the Court of Claims that it
provides for these other contractors who did
not have anything from the naval board. I
think, as the parties named in the proviso have
taken one judgment from the Secretary of the
Navy and taken another from the board con-
stituted by the Secretary of the Navy and
approved by the bill which passed here the
other day, that, so far as those suitors are con-
cerned, there should be an end of litigation,
and if this resolution passes at all it should
pass only for the relief of those who did not
get a judgment for anything from the naval
board.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following:
Upon any vessel upon which an allowance was
raadc by the board organized under the actof March
2,1867.
So that the proviso will read:
Provided, That no claim shall be so referred under
this act in favor of Secor & Co.; Perrine, Secor, &Co.;
Harrison Lormg; the Atlantic Works, of Boston;
Aquilla Adams; M. i1. Aferritt: Tomlmson, Hart-
upee & Co.; or to Messrs. Poole & Hun*,; or any or
either of them, upon any vessel upon which an allow-
ance was made by the boaid organized under the
act of March 2, 1867.
The amendment which I propose to the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin will
make this legislation agree with the bill that
passed the Senate the other day.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana will not be agreed to.
The effect of it is to just divide the bill of par-
ticulars which has been tried by this naval
board. Each of these parties mentioned in
the proviso has had a judgment there, a judg-
ment in their favor. That judgment only in-
cluded a part of their claim ; but so far as the
judgment was in their favor they have taken
the benefit of it. The judgment was upon
some of the items in their claim, and the judg-
ment went against them upon some other
items. The Senator proposes that they shall
stand by the judgment upon those items where
judgment was in their tavor and that they shall
go into the Court of Claims under this resolu-
tion to recover for those items on which judg-
ment went against them before the naval board.
If the Senate agrees to it of course I cannot
help it.
Mr. ORAGIN. I hope the amendment to
the amendment will be adopted. If it is
adopted, it leaves all parties standing upon an
equal footing. Secor & Co. built about one
fourth of all the iron-elads built for the Gov-
ernment. By the bill that passed the other
day they were allowed on three vessels; on
the others they were allowed nothing. There
are reasons why they should be allowed on the
others just exactly as good as there are why
other parties should be allowed. The reason
for referring this subject to the Court of Claims
is this: these claimants came before the Com-
mittee on Naval Afl'airs and asked us to ex-
amine their claims; but they told us at the
same time that they were aware we lrad not
the time to investigate these matters ; that they
involved the examination, of large numbers ot
witnesses, and of long and continuous accounts,
and if we would allow them, if we had not the
time to examine them, to go to the Court of
Claims to institute and prosecute this examin-
ation, they would be satisfied, and the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs agreed to this. It is just
and right, in my judgment, and I hope that
course will be taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] to the amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Hows.]
Mr. HOWE. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. To illustrate the force
of the amendment, I will state to the Senate
just this: taking as an illustration the firm of
Secor & Co., I believe they constructed either
seven or nine iron-elads; 1 think every one of
those vessels was in battle and did efficient
service. This board has allowed upon either
two or three of those vessels. The plans and
specifications were changed regarding the
others, but they have had no allowance upon
them. Now, my amendment proposes that in
regard to the vessels upon which an allowance
was made by the board they shall not go before
the Court of Claims ; but in regard to the ves-
sels upon which no allowance was made they
shall stand just like the other contractors.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew.Cragin, Davis,
Doolittle, Drake, Ferry, Fowler, Harlan, Hendricks,
Johnson, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshiro, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle, Viekers, Wade, and
Willey—23. , „ „ ,
NATS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Colo,
Fessenden. Frelinghnysen, Howard,Howe, McCreery,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Pomoroy, Trumbull, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—18. ,,
ABSENT —Messrs. Bayard, Conkling, Conness,
Corbett, Dixon, Edmunds, Grimes, Henderson, Nor-
ton, Ross, Saulsbury, Thayer, and Tipton—IS.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. DRAKE. There is a verbal amendment
which ought to be made in the joint resolution.
The resolution undertakes to set out the title
of the act of March 2, 18(57. It says, "An act
for the relief of certain contractors, and so
forth." I wish to have the title set out in full.
I move to strike out the words " and so forth,"
in the fifth line, and to insert " for the con-
struction of vessels of war and steam ma-
chinery." That gives the title to the previous
act in full.
The PRESIDENT^>ro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
'The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in. Thejointresolutionwasordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was
read the third time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas24, nays 14 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,Cattell, Conness, Cra.gin,
Davis, Drake, Ferry, Fowler. Hendricks, Johnson,
Morton. Nye, Patterson oi'Tennessce, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Sprayrue, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, V'tekers, Wade, Willey, and Yates—Li4.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Doolittle, Fesscnden. Krelinghuysen, Harlan,
Howe, McCrcory, Morgan, Morrillof Vermont, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Conkling, Corbett,
Dixon,Edmunds, Grimes, Henderson, Howard,Mor-
rill of Maine, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomoroy,ltoss, Saulsbury,Thayer, and Tipton—16.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. HOWE subsequently said : I ask unani-
mous consent to correct an error in an amend-
ment made to a joint resolution passed this
morning for the relief of certain contractors
for vessels of war and steam machinery. I
moved a proviso intended to exclude from its
operation all that were included in a previous
bill which had passed the Senate. 1 omitted
the names of Messrs. Harlan & Hollings-
worth, who were introduced into the previous
bill by an amendment. I had not the bill as
it passed the Senate before me. To put that
firm on the same terms as all the other con-
tractors they should be inserted in the proviso.
The only regular way, I suppose, is to move a
reconsideration.
Mr. SIIEHMAN. I suppose the correction
can be made by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senate will consent
unanimously to insert the name of Harlan'®
Hollingsworth in the proviso.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment may be made by unanimous consent. Is
there objection? There is no objection ; and
the amendment will be made.
pension bills.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I hold in my hand
three Senate pension bills which have been re-
turned from the House of Representatives with
amendments. The amendments are similar,
and are not concurred in by the Committee on
Pensions. The committee report them back
adversely. I therefore move that the Senate
disagree to the amendment of the House of
Representatives to one of the bills, sa.y the bill
(S. No. 184) granting a pension to Mrs. Cor-
coran, and ask for a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses-;
and the others can lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor moves that the Senate disagree to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to Sen-
ate bill No. 184, and ask for a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
T&e motion was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the com-
mittee of conference be appointed by the chair.
The motion was agreed to ; and the President
pro tempore appointed Mr. Van Winkle, Mr,
Tkcmbull, and Mr. Edmunds.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the other
bills with the amendments lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 425) granting a pension to George Ben-
nett, and the bill (S. No. 280) granting a pen-
sion to Michael Hennessy, of Platte county,
Missouri, with the amendments of the House
of Representatives thereto, were laid on the
table.
message from the iioosb.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(IT. R. No. 291) giving additional compensa-
tion to certain employes in the civil service of
the Government at Washington, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
national banks.
The PRESIDENT/>ro tempore. The special
order is now before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No,
440) supplementary to an act entitled "An act
to provide a national cnrrency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,"
approved June 3, 1804, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Mokkill, of
Vermont, to the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance as the fifth section of
the bill. The amendment of the committee is
in these words:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That section
twenty-two of the act aforesaid be so amended that
the maximum limit of national circulation, fixed
by said act, is hereby increased the sum of $20,000,000,
which amount shall be issued only to banking asso-
ciations organized in States and Territories having
a less circulation than live dollars per each inhab-
itant, and so as to equalize the circulation in such
States and Territories m proportion to population.
The amendment of Mr. Morrill, of Ver-
mont, is to add to the amendment of the com-
mittee the following words:
And upon the issue of any increased national cir-
culation provided for m this section the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized to permanently
withdraw an equal amount of United States notes.
Mr. SHERMAN". The Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Colk] has the floor on that ques
tion.
Mr. MORTON. Is it in order to offer an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not just
now. It would be an amendment in the third
degree.
Mr. MORTON. I will ask to have niy
amendment read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment. as follows;
Provided, That the United States notes so retired
shall not be obtained by the sale ol' bonds, but shall
bo taken from the funds in the Treasury, collected in
the ordinary way.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I could hardly
persuade myself to allow the vote to be taken
upon this part of the bill without tendering a
few suggestions to the Senate upon it. This
