1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2127
exceptionable language, not such as we would
approve of or com mend. Well, sir, in favor i
of a man who was not devoted to us m the late |
war, and in favor of a man whose language i
was unbecoming or gross, this statute of lol>7 |
has been invoked and a case of attempted ;
punishment of him by the military authorities, j
in regular course has been brought, as 1 said
before, into your highest court, the Supreme
Court of the United States.
Now, sir, it is a misfortune, perhaps, that
the protection and advantages of our laws can-
not- be confined exclusively to our friends ;
that when we attempt to make comprehensive
enactments, general rules, put them upon the
statute-book, and throw thein out to the people
of the country as the law for their conduct, it
will happen that those laws will not discrim-
inate in favor of persons we like and against
those we dislike, that their operation will be
equal upon friend and foe; that these our
enactments, to use a figure of speech, once
before used in our political history on a signal
occasion, these enactments which we cast out
to the country will fall like the dew of heaven
upon all alike, upon rich and poor, upon the
humble and the lofty, upon men with whom
we sympathize and upon men whom we de-
test. Tins, sir, is characteristic of Justice her-
self ; aud when you irame her laws their effect
and operation will be according to her nature,
and the more perfectly they are so the more
perfectly is the object of their enactment ac-
complished, and the more thoroughly have
you secured the proper and legitimate ends for
which Governments are established among
men.
It is, therefore, with me no objection to the
act of 1807, no objection to its continuance
upon our statute-book, that it can be invoked
iu favor of a man belonging to aclass for whom
the law was not specially intended when it was
passed. Will you withdraw this provision of
law from your statute-book because its operation
is equal, because, under the stubborn arrange-
ments by which courts are constituted and by
which courts are conducted aud administered,
you cannot select friend from foe and admin-
ister j'our system upon principles of favoritism
or of friendship on the one hand or of hostility
and enmity upon the other? _ But I suppose gen-
tlemen will not say this law is to be repealed for
that reason. They will not choose to proclaim
it before the people of the country or acknowl-
edge it to their own consciousness when they
come to its exact and thorough consideration.
But there is another consideration perhaps
more potent, more influential with them. This
law is to be repealed, this jurisdiction is to be
withdrawn from the Supreme Court, because
it is necessary to preserve the reconstruction
system enacted by Congress from molestation,
injury, perhaps demolition, by the court. An
humble man in the State of Mississippi, not
admirable, perhaps, by his personal character
or his past career, is able to carry the Con-
gress of the United States into court aud to
demand judgment upon its most solemn enact-
ments. What a spectacle ! What an arrange-
ment of things upon earth is that! A poor,
humble, despised man in Mississippi, regard-
less of your dignity, of your constitutional
authority, of the immense popular power you
possess, can carry you, or rather your most'
solemn and deliberate work, into a quiet court
before eight men, aud there, upon logic and
reason alone, not by passion, not by influence,
not by brute force, not by physical power, not
by the sword, but by logic and honest argu-
ment, may peradventure destroy what you
have done, prostrate the cdifice winch you
have reared, and give a new direction to the
Government of the United States in the future.
It is this danger which appals men in Con-
gress and out of it. Oh, what a spectacle is
this! How it speaks of civilization, of the ;
advance of mankind beyond their position in
former ages ! Great controversies in Govern-
ment. great questions of political power, in-
stead of being determined upon fields of battle
hy the mailed arm of the soldier or by the
intrigues and corruption of polluted courts,
may be decided by the voice of reason and
justice m the courts of law, and those who
speak the decision command the acquiescence
and approval and blessing of mankind.
Mr. MOKTON. I trust the Senator from
Pennsylvania will allow me to interrupt him
for the purpose of having the question settled
as to what we are going to do to-night. I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I can hardly give way
to a motion of that kind.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to state to the
Senate that so far as I am advised it is agreed
on all hands that as soon as the Senator from
Pennsylvania concludes his speech we shall
take the vote. 1 propose to waive, so far as I
am concerned, any speech on this question,
aud my learned friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] has agreed with me to do the same
thing.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then we are pretty safe.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is understood that as
soon as the Senator from Pennsylvania con-
cludes the vote will be taken, and I hope,
therefore, that the Senator will watch the hands
of the clock as he proceeds.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, that puts
me on my good behavior.
Mr. DAVIS. I am sorry that my honorable
friend from Oregon does not treat me with as
much respect generally as he does on this par-
ticular occasion. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Indiana withdraw his motion ?
Mr. MOKTON. As the Senator from Ore-
gon says there is an agreement on all hands
that the vote shall be taken when the Senator
from Pennsylvania concludes I shall riot insist
upon my motion. I was not aware of that fact
before or t would not have made the motion.
Mr. BUCKALEW7. Well, Mr. President, I
will endeavor to concentrate myself as much
as possible. Mr. President, this spectaclc of
a court holding within its hands a great and
salutary power for the determination of public
disputes awakens in my breast no jealousy and
no apprehension. As a member of the Con-
gress of the United States I am content that
the judicial department of the Government
shall hold all its powers complete, entire, un-
touched, undiminished, so far as the Congress
of the United States is concerned. I would
yield to it immunity from a spirit of meddling
on our part, as I would claim for this depart-
ment of the Government complete exemption
and immunity from its interference with our
just jurisdiction and powers. Now, sir, what
have we done with regard to that court? Have
we in no way interfered with it? Have we not
sought to mold and to conform it, to some
extent at least, to our own will? Let us turn
to our laws. Let us see about the constitution
of that court. Heie is the statute ot the 3d
of March, 1837:
"The Supreme Court of the United States shajl
hereafter consist of a Chief Justice ami eight associ-
ate judges, any five of whom shall constitute a quo-
rum ; and for tins purpose there shall be appointed
two additional justices of said court, with the like
powers and to take the same oaths, perform the same
duties, and be entitled to the same salary as the
other associate judges."
Then follows the act of March 3, 18G3:
"The Supremo Court of the United States shall
hereafter consist of a Chief Justicc and nine associate
justices any six of whom shall constitute a. Quorum;
and for'this purpose there shall be appointed one
additional associate justice ol said court, witli the like
powers, and to take the same oaths, perform the
same duties, and be entitled to the same sslaiy as the
other associate judges."
Then comes the act of I860:
"No vacancy in the office of associate justice of
the Supreme Court snail be filled by appointment
until the number of associate justices shall bo re-
duced to six; and thereafter the said Supreme Court
shall consist of a Chief Justice of the United States
and six associate justices, any fourol whom shall be
a quorum ; and tile said eoiufc shall lioul one term
annually at the seat ot Wovernment, and such ad-
journed or special terms as it may lind necessary tor
tlie dispatch of business."
These are the acts upon the statute-book in
recent times relating to the constitution ot the
Supreme Court. We had sent to us the pres-
ent winter, from the House of Representatives,
a bill providing that upon constitutional ques-
tions two thirds of the judges should agree
together in judgment in pronouncing any act
of Congress violative of the Constitution of
the United States. That bill was sent to a
committee, and it remains unacted upon; but
it was sanctioned, approved, and passed by
one House of Congress. Here we have sent,
to us in the form of an amendment upon a bill
in the first place, and now included in a bill
vetoed by the President in the second place, a
provision that that court shall not have appel-
late power to the circuit courts in habeas corpus
cases, and that all cases that may be pending
before the Supreme Court shall be taken away
from it, and justice, so far as they are con-
corned, refused.
These are the several things done by Con-
gress, including the one measure to which I
have referred, passed by the House and yet
pending here. The act of 1887 defines the Su-
preme (Jourt so far as membership is concerned,
almost during the entire period within our rec-
ollection. In 1803, the political majority in
Congress desired an additional judge upon the
bench of that court, and in pursuance of the
power which was vested in them they took that
additional judge; they selected him, of course,
from among their political friends and assigned
to him his place and the exercise of his duties
amonghiscolleaguesupon the bench. In 1866,
a vacancy existing in the court by reason of
death, the President of the United States sent
to us a nomination for the vacancy of Mr. Stan-
bery, then well-known as a distinguished mem-
ber of the bar of Ohio and Kentucky, since
Attorney General of the United States. That
nomination was held for some time; action was
not taken upon it; but one fine morning a bill
was passed reducing the number of the judges
of that court as vacancies should occur to seven.
Vacancies should not be filled until the whole
number should bo reduced below seven.
Thus the lilling of vacancies by presidential
nomination and senatorial consent was stopped,
prevented, for what purpose? It was provided
that the next judge that died on that bench
should leave a vacancy unfilled. I do not know
whether anybody cogitated tables of mortality
and made a nice calculation of the exact value
of the chances. It was probably supposed that
the judges senior in service would be most
likely to depart this life and consequently de-
part from the discharge of their judicial duties
first. At all events the court was left by that
law at eight in number and with a prospect of
reduction to seven, and ttie same political con-
dition of affairs which then existed continuing
down to this time there has been no change,
no new law.
Now, is it not rather remarkable that here
in 1806, when the business of the Supreme
Court had increased very greatly; wlien its
jurisdiction had been extended to many new
subjects; when business was flooding in upon
it from all sections of the country, and when
here in Congress wewereeallcd upon to legis-
late for the relief of that court, because it was
overworked—is it not remarkable that the
number of judges, at such a time, should be
reduced? Sir, we can all see what the expla-
nation is. The explanation is political. It
was not desired that the President, who at
that time wasenteringupon the existing chronic
difference with Congress, should lill a vacancy
upon that bench by nomination, and. there-
fore, the law of 1800 was passed to cut down
the number of judgeships from ten to seven.
AVell, sir, how was that court made up, and
how does it stand undertholawof 1860? Was
it not pretty safely constituted for the objects
which were in the contemplation of astute
gentlemen? It is now made up of eight judges,
five of whom were put upon the bench by the
nomination and appointment of Mr. Lineols.
Pretty safely constituted! Judiciously made
up! All right! All went smoothly; all was
fair sailing, until the present winter, when we
heard in the House of -Representatives the
