1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1103
I can show to the dispassionate judgment of
the House that we have been fortunate in pre-
senting this great subject in such a form as will
not only commend itself to the approval of the
House and our constituents, but will accom-
plish the object at which we aim, namely, the
recognition of this great American principle
at the hands of the Governments who have
thus far disregarded them.
Now, sir, I might say that the objections to
this bill reduce themselves to two and two only.
The first grand leading objection is that the bill
is not stringent enough in its details; and the
other objection is that it is too stringent in its
details. Here we meet these two opposing
forces, the one asserting that there is no vital-
ity whatever in this bill, that it is a mere dec-
laration of a "glittering generality," with no
force or power to make it felt and respected ;
the other saying "you have lodged in the exec-
utive branch of this Government the power of
peace and of war. I believe that this bill is not
justly obnoxious to either of these objections,
and that if passed it will be found to possess
sufficient vitality to accomplish its object with-
out placing in the hands of the executive de-
partment of the Government any unnecessary
power to insure its enforcement. The gentle-
man from Minnesota, [Mr. Doxnelly, ] who
addressed the House at an early period of the
consideration of this bill, following the sugges-
tion of my venerable friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Spalding,] instead of reprisal preferred an act
of war. The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Baker,] who has spoken this morning on this
subject, characterized reprisal in this bill as
barbarous in the extreme, as not compatible
with the spirit of the age in which we live.
Why, Mr. Speaker, what is reprisal but that
rigorous and precautionary step which Govern-
ments take to obtain redress without a resort
to war: and yet gentlemen opposed to this-bill
on account of this reprisal provision say we
ought to take a bolder step and first declare
nou-intercourse, which non-intercourse, we
know, would almost inevitably be followed by
flagrant war. War itself is savage and barbar-
ous, and never to be countenanced but in the
most extreme cases. We have, in submitting
this bill to the House, deewed it necessary to
have some forcej some power, some authority
by which we could make its provisions re-
spected by other nations. Mere naked legis-
lation, sucli as suggested by my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Jn>d,] a mere declaration of
principle without following it up with the strong
power of this Government lodged in the exec-
utive branch thereof, would perhaps excite a
smiie across the water as an innocent Ameri-
can pastime; but when you say to Prussia, or
when you say to Great Britain, "The moment
you disregard the principle of American pro-
tection to- all her citizens ; the moment you
raise your hands against an American citizen,
native or naturalized, we will lay our hands on
your citizens or subjects and hold them as long
as you hold ours."
That, Mr. Speaker, will be a solution of
these troubles. Reprisal will bring relief or
bring us to the point of non-intercourse. And
if the European nations will not recede from
their untenable position of perpetual allegiance
it will bring us to a state of actual war. This
is not ordinary legislation. This is not a law
enacted by the legislative branch of the Gov-
ernment, and is not intended to operate upon
our citizens in their individual capacity or
merely to affect individual rights. Not at all.
We are declaring to-day in the face of the civ-
ilized world what is our settled principle on
this subject, and giving notice of the means
we intend to use in enforcing that law against
every nation that violates its provisions. We
could accomplish our object T>y a declaration
of war. But is this House prepared to take
that as the first step? You can do it by de-
claring non-intercourse. Is this House pre-
pared even to adopt that course? I think not.
What other resort is left to yon but reprisal,
a principle of action recognized by nations
since the earliest dawn of civilization.
The gentleman' from Missouri [Mr. Pile]
takes special exception to the bill, and sees in
it scarcely anything to recommend it to his
consideration. He desires its recommittal to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs with instruc-
tions to ingraft upon it his suggestion by way
of amendment
But his suggestion is more in the nature of a
formal declaration of principle, which is nuga-
tory unless followed by provisions for their
vigorous enforcement. We want no mere dec-
laration of principle. We do not desire in the
ninety-second year of our national existence
to reaffirm the principle which lies at the found-
ation of our Government. With what favor
would a bill be received by this House from
theCommittee on the Judiciary declaring every
American citizen has a right to life'! Suppose
your Judiciary Committee were to introduce a
bill here stating every American citizen is en-
titled to his liberty? Would we pass such a
law as that? Would we entertain it for a mo-
ment? Not at all. Our answer would be that
those are principles which our ancestors de-
clared to be "self-evident" when they were
engaged in the glorious work of founding this
Republic, that life and liberty are among our
inalienable rights. They did not stop there,
but declared the farther inalienable right of
the pursuit of happiness; that American citi-
zens had the right to go over the world where-
ever they pleased and to absolve their alle-
giance and east their fortunes in any other
place in the free exercise of their own voli-
tion. Hence there is no necessity for a declar-
ation of the right of a man to expatriate him-
self. and it is too late for this Government
to-day to place upon its statute-book such a
declaration and then have the Governments
of Europe taunt us by saying "it was not till
1868 that you placed that declaration on your
statute-book," ignoring all past history on the
subject, and starting out, as it were, from a, new
stand-point, upon a principle which we con-
tend is as old as the American nation itself.
Mr. PILE. Will the gentleman yield to me
a moment at this point?
Mr. ORTH. I cannot; I would be glad to
do so if I could. I have been very liberal
already in yielding.
I listened with patience to the remarks of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Chanler. ]
I thank him for one admission which he made,
that this nation has been too tardy in legislat-
ing upon this subject. I will, however, allude
to that again before I take my seat. He is op-
posed in toto to this bill. I am somewhat sur-
prised that in view of the constituency which
he represents he contents himself with calling
upon the executive branch of the Government
for specific cases of the invasion of the rights
of American citizens, and asking, as I infer
from his position, separate legislation with
regard to each individual case.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to correct'the
gentleman.
Mr. ORTH. I have no intention to mis-
state his position.
Mr. CHANLER. _ I took no such position,
and! think no such inference as thegentleman
speaks of can be drawn from my remarks as
printed. *
Mr. ORTH. The gentleman commenced his
remarks by saying that instead of the passage
of this bill, a bill "which affirms in the face of
the civilized world what are the principles and
doctrines of our Government, and how we
mean to maintain them, we shall do what?
Just what has been done in this Government
for the last seventy-five years. What is it?
First, that, we should make an appeal to foreign
Governments through our diplomatic agents.
We have appealed and the appeal has been
met with contumely by those nations. We
desire to appeal no more through our diplo-
matic agents until we tell our agents, "Take
that bill with you and say to the Governments
of Europe that the American nation is now
prepared to vindicate the rights of its citizens.''
The second proposition of the gentleman
from New York submitted in lien of this bill
is, by special treaty with those foreign nations
with whom trouble has arisen. Suppose that
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ohanler]
were to-day sent as embassador with full
authority to the kingdom of Great Britain to
treat with reference to the release of men who
were formerly his constituents' and now con-
fined in British dungeons. Does he desire that
those constituents shall, in the language of his
colleague, [Mr. Robinson,] "continue to rot
in British dungeons" until the tedious process
of diplomacy has been exhausted? No, sir;
we have had too much diplomacy, too much
attempt at treaty making on this subject. Let
us speak as becomes a great and powerful
people, and let us see that our voice shall be
respected and felt throughout the world.
The third proposition of the gentleman is by
remodeling the existing law of nations by
means of a congress of nations. Suppose you
get a congress of nations. Fifteen nations join
us in that congress. Fourteen of them hold to
the old feudal doctrine of perpetual allegiance.
Our own nation holds that that doctrine is
incompatible with the genius of our institu-
tions, and hence has no force or effect with
us whatever. The result is you have fourteen
votes in that congress against you to one
in your favor. Sir, we cannot afford to await
the tedious action of a congress of nations,
which the gentleman indicates as a proper
solution or remedy for our difficulties. We
cannot afford the tedious assemblage and dis-
cussion of so august and venerable a body,
even if assured of a favorable decision, of
which even the most visionary among us has
no hope.
I am sorry that my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Judd] has fallen into one error in reference to
this bill, because I know he has studied this
subject and understands it. He says that this
bill asserts no unconditional principle and
contains no effective provisions for the redress
of wrongs. Why, Mr. Speaker, the very first
four lines of the hill assert the most glorious
principle that was ever contained in any statute-
book. What is it ? •
That all naturalized citizens of the United States
whilo in foreign States shall be entitled to and shall
receive from this Government the same protection
of persons and property that is accorded to native-
born citizens in like situation and circumstances.
Is not that an assertion of an unconditional
principle, and a principle, too, which underlies
the whole fabric and groundwork of this pro-
posed legislation?
He goes further and says that the bill con-
tains no effective provisions for the main-
tenance of that principle. I have alluded to it
already briefly, and I shall allude to it here-
after. It is, that we say to Great Britain, "For
every man you arrest we will arrest one of
your subjects."
Now, then, what is the plan submitted by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] in lieu
of the pending measure ? Eleven propositions,
and, with all due respect, it strikes me that
they are rather the deferential propositions of
a diplomat than the strong, impressive, and
forcible language of the legislator. We are
dealing with a subject which will attract not
only the attention but the severe criticism of
the world. We speak in the form legislative,
and in doing so we must use the language of
the law-giver and not the studied and courtly
phraseology of the diplomat. The adoption
of these ten declarations of principles sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Illinois would
be as harmless and as 'powerless in opening
the prison doors of Europe as eleven notes
from the State Department with all the grace
and all the urbanity which the most distin-
guished iiplomiat can employ. W e want to
go before Kurope not in the garb of diplomacy,
but in the might and strength and power of
this great Republic, and in doing so we will be
respected.
It is an important step. Let no gentleman
of this House eonceive for a moment that in
voting for this bill lie votes for any ordinary
legislation. .That legislation may test our
strength as well as the virtue and patriotism
