1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4175
denomination of fifty dollars or some multiple of tbat
sum.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That will
be satisfactory.
The CHAIRMAN. The time allowed for
general debate is not yet exhausted. If no
member desires to discuss the bill further the
committee will proceed to consider the amend-
ments reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means. The Clerk will report the first amend-
ment.
The first amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means, as modified, was reported
as follows:
Strike out the words " and of such denominations,
not less than fifty dollars, as lie may prescribe, ' and
insert in lieu thereof thewords "as he may prescribe,
and of denominations of fifty dollars or somo multi-
ple of the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee informally rose to receive a
message from tiib senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
nam, its Secretary, announced that that body
had passed, without amendment, a joint reso-
lution and a bill of the following titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 340) for the
relief of Peter M. Carmichael, surveyor of the
port of Albany; and
An act (H. It. No. 1320) for the relief of L.
Merchant & Co., and Peter Rosecrantz,
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the House of the
following titles, severally with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (H. R. No. 1205) to further amend
the postal laws ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1073) making appropri-
ations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending 30th June, 1860.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 301) authorizing the purchase
of certain public lands in Alabama; and
An act (S. No. 621) authorizing the Manu-
facturers' National Bank of New York to change
its location.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had indefinitely postponed bills of the
House of the following titles:
An act (IT. R. No. 480) in relation to the
pay of grand and petit jurors in the District
of Columbia;
Ail act (H. R. No. 3S7) to fix the com-
pensation of the United States depositary at
Chicago;
Joint resolution (n. R. No. 337) continuing
the refiningof bullion in the Mint of the United
States and branches;
An act (II. R. No. 115) in relation to the
district court of the United States for the
northern district of Ohio ; and
An act (H. R. No. 2) to repeal an act
entitled "An act to retrocede the county of
Alexandria in the District of Columbia to the
State of Virginia," and for other purposes.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House now concur in the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. li. No. 1073)
making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1SG9, and ask for a committee of confer-
ence. There are a great number of amend-
ments, some of which strike out amendments
made by the Committee on Appropriations,
after very full consideration, and which will
be quite sure to be non-concurred in by the
House upon examination. To save time, I
propose to ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. BROOKS. I want to see these amend-
ments that have been made in the Senate before
I consent to this motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It will
take two or three days to consider them in the
House.
Mr. BROOKS. I observe from the color
of the paper that one half of the bill has been
changed in the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is so.
Mr. BROOKS. The whole Indian depart-
ment is so corrupt in its administration that I
want to see what has been done.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me
say to the gentleman that 1 think he will be
opposed to every amendment made by the
Senate. We propose to non-concur in all of
them.
Mr. BROOKS. They can all be printed
by to-morrow morning.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The dif-
ference between the two Houses is so great
that it will take two or three days to act upon
them in the House.
Mr. BROOKS. I object to acting upon a
report of a committee of conference agreeing
or disagreeing to amendments Nos. 1, 3, 6, 7,
&c.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the question recurs on concurring in the
amendments of the Senate separately.
Mr. BROOKS. If they can be printed to-
morrow morning I will not object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is im-
possible to have them printed. I would be
glad to have the gentleman from New York
on the committee of conference.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not want to be on it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Better let
it go to a committee of conference.
Mr. BROOKS. I shall then ask for a full
explanation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very well.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 withdraw the objection,
and hope we shall have the bill and amend-
ments printed.
The amendments of the Senate were then
non-concurred in and a committee of confer-
ence ordered. The Speaker appointed as the
conferees on the part of the House Messrs.
Butler of Massachusetts, Wisdom, and Van
Trump.
funding bill.
The Committee of the Whole resumed the
consideration of the funding bill.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to the first section
was to strike out the words '' twenty,_ thirty,
and forty years, respectively, and bearing the
following rates of yearly interest, payable semi-
annually in coin, that is to say : the issue of
bonds falling due in twenty years shall bear
interest at five per cent. ; bonds falling due in
thirty years shall bear interest at four and a
half per cent. ; and bonds falling due in forty
years shall bear interest at four per cent.
and insert in lieu thereof the following: ''Forty
years, and bearing interest, payable semi-annu-
aliy in coin, at the rate of three and sixty-five
hundredths per cent, per annum;" so that the
section will read :
That the Secretary of tfco Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to is;ue coupon or registered bonds ot the
United States in such form as he m?y prescribe and
of denominations of filty dollars or some multiple ot
the same, ledetluablo m coin at the pleasure of the
United States after forty years, and beaung interest,
payable semi-annually in com, at the rate of three
and sixty-five hundredths percent, per annum, which
said bonds shall be exempt from taxation in any form
by or under State, municipal, or local authority.
jj Mr. ROSS. I move to amend the ainend-
!; ment by striking out " sixty-five hundredths."
jl I think three per cent, is as much aim can
' afford to pay on this class of bonds, if the debt
is to be funded at all. But I regard the pro-
ject of funding the bonds as an effort on the
part ef the bankers and bondholders and their
friends in this Congress toput thesefive-twenty
bonds, which we have a right to pay in lawful
currency of the country, known as green-
backs," into gold bonds, thereby placing them
outside of the power of the representatives
of the people in the next Congress to pay this
debt in accordance with the manner of its
being contracted. The bondholders see most
clearly that if this Fortieth Congress is per-
mitted to pass away and representatives of the
people are to assemble here these five-twenty
bonds are to be paid according to the terms of
the New York platform, and they desire now
while this Congress, which they regard as their
friend, is in session to fasten the debt on the
country, so that it will be impossible for the
representatives of the people in the Forty-First
Congress to shake it off. Three per cent, is
certainly sufficient to be paid upon these bonds
which never cost the bondholders over forty
cents on the dollar.
I desire to call the attention of the committee
to the fact that English consols bearing three
per cent, interest are worth twenty cents upon
the dollar more than these five-twenty bonds
drawing six per cent, interest. Why is this?
It is because the men who deal in these bonds
never understood that they were to be paid iu
gold. But it is now the policy of these men
to manipulate the bonds and place them in a
condition so that the true representatives of
the people, who will represent their views upon
this subject, cannot lawfully pay off this debt
in the manner in which it was contracted.
I desire to call the attention of the committee
and of the country to the fact that there is a
persistent effort now being made in the Halls
of Congress to swindle the people of this
country and to prevent them from paying the
debt which was contracted in five-twenties in
the currency of the country, each as we pay
all our individual debts in and pay our soldiers
and our pensioners in.
I want gentlemen now to say whether this is
" not only according to the letter but the spirit
of the laws," as they say in their Chicago plat-
form, or whether it is to be construed in differ-
ent sections of the country in different ways to
suit particular localities and the views of indi-
viduals residing in that portion of the country.
I want a square vote upon this. If we convert
these five-twenty bonds into bonds that the
faith of the Government is pledged to pay prin-
cipal and interest in coin, 1 will never consent
that these bonds shall bear more than three
per cent, interest. I hope, therefore, that this
amendment will prevail, and that "sixty-five
hundredths" will be stricken out, so as to leave
the bonds three per cent, bonds. When the
proper time comes I shall desire to offer other
amendments to the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I think it
will be better that a proposition to amend such
as that submitted by the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ross] should not prevail, offering
these bonds at three per cent. Many persons
think that our legislation at any rate will bo
fruitless, because we propose to put a bond at
so low a rate of interest upon the market. I
have this to say in regard to that, that it we
accomplish no other object except to record a
declaration upon the subject of interest in this
country upon our public securities by way of
an entering wedge, we shall have done very
considerable if this bill shall become a law.
Up to this time the United Stales has exhib-
ited the spectacle among the principal com-
mercial nations of the world of paying a higher
rate of interest than any other, while at the
same time it is a country and a people with
more magnificent, resources, not in the pres-
ent only or altogether, but in the future, and
with more prospect, of growth than any other
natiou in the world. 1 hold, therefore, that
if the time has not yet come, it is to come
when this great country, with its enormous
capabilities, will not be in the markets of the
world paying more interest than any other com-
mercial or manufacturing oragricultural nation
I occupying a high position in the civilized world.
Sir. H1GBY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ? T
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot well do so, as I
have but five minutes.
- Mr. 1I1GBY. A short question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well.
Mr. HIGBY. Does the gentleman think
that bonds at three and sixty-five hundredths
