im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February II,
<rf the American people ; but our people will
be equal to the oeeasion. We are by this
hill legislating for the world, so far as Amer-
ican interests are concerned. We give notice
to all nations that this is an undying prin-
ciple of the American Government, that the
rights of her citizens must be respected every-
where, and if not, we Will see .that those
rights are enforced, if need be, at the point of
the bayonet, backed up by. all the material
and power and resources of this vast Govern-
ment. Nothing short of that, Mr. Speaker,
•will remedy the evils of which our people so
justly complain, and I hope and trust that this
House will stop at nothing short of the pro-
visions contained in this bill!
The first section, then, enunciates the grand
principle that under the American Constitu-
tion and under the American law there is no
distinction between native-born and natural-
ized citizens. We assert, furthermore, that this
principle of public law has heretofore always
been asserted by our Government, and that
the President is empowered to employ all the
resources of the Government in just efforts to
secure a recognition by other Governments of
this principle.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Chax-
ler] will see here that the doors of diplomacy
are not closed, and that if necessary in any
particular case to enter upon the subject by
treaty the President is fully authorized ana
empowered to do so. But where our citizens
are in prison, where the wrong is being inflicted
day by day and week by week, we go a step
further and say that in that event the President
shall lay the hand of this Government upon
.any citizen of that foreign Government he may
find within our territorial limits. But there is
a proviso to this first section that we do not
extend this relief to a certain class enumerated
in the proviso. What is that class? First,
" no citizen of the United States who is guilty
of crime against the laws of any foreign State
committed within its jurisdiction." As a mat-
ter of course, if any of our citizens, native or
naturalized, shall leave this country and go
within the territorial limits of another, and
there be guilty of a crime, we shall not attempt
to protect him if he be accorded a fair and
impartial trial; and the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cook] who addressed th& House this
morning will see upon reflection that ho has
given too general and enlargod an interpreta-
tion to the word " crime" as used in thisbill.
It is used in a more common and restricted
sense, as denoting "an offense or violation of
public law of a deeper and more atrocious
nature, as treason, murder, robbery, theft,"&c.,
as contradistinguished from the lesser offenses
of trespass or misdemeanor, and hence does
not embrace the special case to which he has
called our attention.
The bill further excepts any one who deserts
from the actual service of the army or the navy
in any foreign State, or from any military or
naval conscription actually ordered by such
State. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Jcdd] says that this would leave the immigrant
subject to arrest whenever he should return
to his native country, upon the mere formal
charge of desertion. Not so; the Government
of Prussia, for instance, to which he refers,
must make an actual conscription, for we would
not regard a mere pro forma conscription. Ihe
Government of Prussia cannot sustain herself
before the civilized world in any other position,
nor will she attempt it.
Mr. JIAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr OKTH. -I cannot yield now, as my time
is limited. This bill does npt give protection
to any one who shall have acquired naturaliza-
tion by misrepresentation or fraud, or who
shall have forfeited or renounced the protec-
tion of this Government. 1 have thus, I regret
to say, very imperfectly indeed, glanced, at ail
the objections which have been urged against
the different provisions of this bill. _ In con-
clusion, let me state briefly that this nation
has always encouraged immigration. It is our
interest and our duty to, continue that encour-
agement, especially so now that we arc over-
burdened by a large national debt. We want
all the resources and assistance we can in any
manner obtain, and which foreign immigrants
bring to our shores. And when we offer to
them free homes and free institutions, receiv-
' ing in return their labor and their support of
our Government, we on our part must give
them full protection. That is the object and
purpose of this bill.
In this country we utterly repudiate the com-
mon-law doctrine of allegiance. I do not con-
cede to the full extent,the position taken by
the learned gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Woodward,] who addressed this House
a week ago that the common-law doctrine of
allegiance is recognized by the judiciary of this
country. I think that doctrine never has been,
and never can be, recognized in this country.
And why? Because our courts have every-
where held that the common law prevails only
where not abrogated by express statute or
where not incompatible with the genius and
spirit of our institutions. The common law is
thus abrogated by the genius and spirit of the
institutions of our country, and by the action
of this Government: first, in the Declaration
of Independence; secondly, in the constitu-
tional provision on the subject of naturaliza-
tion ; thirdly, in the passage of our naturaliza-
tion laws; and .fourthly, by the entire tradi-
tional policy of this Government.
I am reminded by the remarks of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Ciianler] to say
that legislation on this subject has already been
too long delayed. Too long have we borne
with seeming patience the wrongs and injuries
which the tyranny of Europe has inflicted upon
our citizens, who were entitled to our protec-
tion, but who have in vain appealed for such
protection.
And while I would not, in the discussion of
this truly national question, invoke the spirit
of party, I must be permitted to say that it is
a matter of surprise, at least, that the great
Democratic party, when in its former but now
departed pride and power, had the absolute
control of the legislation of this Government,
failed to apply the proper remedy; and this
surprise is greatly enhanced by a knowledge
of the fact that their possession of the public
affairs of this Government for so long a period
in our history was due entirely to the active
support which the naturalized citizens, with
few exceptions, gave to that party. They failed
to protect the very men whose votes gave them
power and place in this Government.
The measure before us to-day is the true
outgrowth of republican principles. When
danger threatened on every side—when hosts
were marshaled to destroy the unity of this na-
tion—when the loaders of the Democratic party
became traitors or passive spectators of, if not
sympathizers with, armed rebellion, the patriot-
ism of the country rallied to its support and
formed a new political organization for the pre-
servation of the Government upon the princi-
ples of humanity, freedom, and equality.
For the last six years this Republican party
has been engaged in preserving the unity of the
nation and in securing full protection for all
our citizens in the enjoyment of their inalien-
able rights on our soil. Having so far suc-
ceeded in this noble work as to place it beyond
the power of the evil-doer to accomplish fur-
ther mischief, we now turn our eyes in other
directions ; having secured safety and protec-
tion to the citizens at home, we mean that he
shall have safety and protection abroad. And
now, Mr. Speaker, having in a hurried manner
alluded to the various principles of this bill and
rescued it, as I think, from the objections which
have been brought against it, I leave it, so far
as I am concerned, to the further discussion
and action of this House.
Mr. PAINE. I have here joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin
and a memorial from citizens of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, in relation to the bill now pending.
I ask that they be printed at length in the Globe.
No objection was made.
The joint resolutions are as follows:
Joint resolutions No. 1, declaring it to be the duty
of the General-Government to protect American .
citizens in the enj oyment of all their rights as sucfl
while sojourning in foreign countries.
Resolved by the Senate, (the Assembly concurring,)
That it is the duty of the United States Soyernment
to define and declare authoritatively the rights and
duties of the citizens thereof temporarily s< <>uriiing
in foreign countries and to protect and defend all
classes of her citizens,'in the foil enjoyment of their
rights thus defined and declared, against ail infringe-
ments thereof by-the Governments of the countries
in which they may be so temporarily sojourning, by
every means within its power; that the principle
derived from the feudal system that the masses,ot
the people belong to the Government under which
they were born, contended for by the monarchical
Governments of Europe, by asserting and seeking
to enforce the doctrine, "once, a subject always a
subject," is repugnant to the dictates of enlightened
civilization, and opposed to the rights and best in-
terests of mankind; that expatriation is one of the
inalienable rights of man, and from the time when
any foreign citizen or subject renounces his former
allegiance and becomes domiciled in this country,
with the intention, in good faith, to become a eitizen
of the United Statos, ho should be regarded, daring
the continuance of such domicile, as invested with
our national character and entitled to the protection
of our national Government; that no distinction
should be tolerated between native born and duly
naturalized citizens of theTJnited States in regard to
their immunities and privileges in foreign countries,
and that a naturalized citizen of the united States,
temporarily sojourning within the dominions of his
former sovereign can only bo compelled to enter the
military service or otherwise support the Govern-
ment of such former sovereign to the same extent
and undor the same circumstances as might be re-
quired of a native-born American citizen thus tem-
porarily domiciled in such foreign country.
■JZeiolved, That the Governor is hereby requested
to transmit a copy of these joint resolutions to the
Presidentof the United States, the Secretary of State
of thoUnited States, and to each of our Senators and
Representatives in Congress.
A. M. THOMSON,
Speaker of the Assembly.
iVYMAN SPOONER,
President of the Senate.
Approved January 22,1868.
Lucius J?airchii.d, Governor.
State of Wisconsin, Office of the Secretary of State,, ss.:
I, Thomas S. Allen, secretary of state of the State
of Wisconsin, do hereby certify that the foregoing
has been compared with the original enrolled res-
olutions deposited in this office, and that the same
is a true ana correct copy thereof.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and
affixed the great seal of the State of Wiscon-
[l. s.] sin, at the capitol, in Madison, this 30th day
of January, A. D. 1868.
THOMAS S. ALLEN,
Secretary of State.
The memorial is as follows :
Milwaukee, Wisoohsiit, February 5,1868.
Dear Sib : The undersigned, citizens of the district
which you represent in Congress, having read with
surprise certain provisions of the bill introduced by
Mr. Banks for the protection of naturalized citizens
abroad, would respectfully call your attention to the
following:
The bill referred to contains a proviso which would
deprivo the adopted citizens of the United States of
their citizenship in case they sojourn in a foreign
country for a period longer than one year. The in-
consistency of this paragraph, with every principle
of justice and with the dignity of the United States,
is so apparent that we wonder how Mr. Basks could
ior one moment entertain a thought of it. When a
man has liberated himself from the feiters of Euro-
pean despotism, has solemnly renounced forever his
allegiance thereto ; when, confiding in the honest in-
tentions of our Republic to accept and protect him
as one of her citizens, equal in rights with all the
others, ho has come here to link his destiny with
hers and to make her interests his own, has sworn to
support her Constitution and to obey her laws, why
should ho lose his right to the protection of his
adopted country and fall back into the hands of
tyranny if he absents himself from her limits a trifio
moro_ than a twelvemonth, perhaps to regain his
impaired health, to visit his parents and the home
ot his youth, or to rest from the toils and hardships
oi many years: and why should any such distinction
take plaoo between a native and a naturalized cit-
izen ?
_ Ihero is another clause of the bill which would
incur the greatest inhumanity and injustice; it is the
° n ei) r o tj ° s i i i r e f: iliat i o i i upon tho innoeent subjects
ot foreign Governments who happened to be iound
m tins coun try at the time when some American has
sufiered an injury at the hands of an alien Power;
perhaps some unfortunate Englishman, totally igno-
rant and innocent of tho crime that had been com-
mitted by his monarch upon a citizen of the United
States, would be made to suffer imprisonment be-
cause the English Government had arrested an Amer-
1{lin complicity with JFenianism or under any
other pretense. We consider this idea simply bar-
barous and moro befitting the dark ages than our
enlightened nineteenth century. We think that in
any case where retaliation becomes necessary, as the
Government is the party transgressing, that Govern-
ment alone should be held responsible.
