3152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J une 15,
that would flow from it; and as the drainage
or money is frou* the West and South to the
iiast and the North, there would, in a little
while, unquestionably be the same dilemma
under which those sections of the Union are
now suffering.
The amount of money afloat at present is
much too -email, as I believe, for the business
requirements of the country. The total amount
of circulation is something less than seven hun-
dred million dollars; the amoimtof United States
notes is about three hundred and fifty-six mil-
lions ; the amount of fractional currency about
thirty millions; the amount of national bank
circulation is $300,000,000; the amount of gold
perhaps on the western coast would bring it
up to about seven hundred millions. If the
population is thirty-five millions, this would
be only twenty dollars per capita to the whole
population, and this in a depreciated currency
which is equivalent to gold or silver to only
about fourteen dollars per head. This is less
by far than is used m the other civilized and
commercial countries that compete with the
United States in business and wealth. In
England, I think, the amount per capita is at
least twice that. In France it is as much as
in England, or more. I have not before me
the figures, but, if I remember well, such is
the fact.
In my opinion it is the duty of the Govern-
ment to provide the kind of money that is
needed by the people. That is a sovereign
power. «lt is provided by the Government in
nearly all the civilized countries. The Gov-
ernment talies it upon itself to iix the value
and denomination of coins. The Government
does not furnish the gold and silver; it issues
the gold and silver in the form of coin to those
who bring them to the Government for the
purpose of being reduced to coin; and there
has never happened such a thing in modern
times as a Government refusing to coin gold
and silver for those who have gold and silver
to be thus converted. There has never been
an attempt to restrict the amount of hard
money in any country. There has never been
any complaint on the ground that there was
too much good money afloat, and why should
there be a distinction between the money that
is made of gold and silver and that which is
issued by the Government as representatives
of the value of gold and silver? There is, in
my opinion, no good reason to be urged why
the Government should not take it upon itself
to issue the representative of money which is
in the form of paper the same as it takes upon
itself to fix the value of coins and the descrip-
tion of money when we are without paper.
The only duty on the part of the Government
is to see that the money which is issued as the
representative of gold and silver shall be well
secured, and this plan has been adopted by
this Government in the banking system that is
in vogue. The Government has required secur-
ity to be deposited in the Treasury; upon that
this representative of value is issued. As long
as this money is well secured why should not
the amount that is to be issued be left to the
requirements of business? If any person or
any section of the country has the security to
tender to the Government for this represent-
ative money why should not that section of
country or that individual, if it be needed by
the requirements of business, be permitted to
put his securities in that form in which they
shall be available to him ? The -whole duty of
the Government will be to see to it that the
securities are perfect and abundant. The laws
of trade can safely be trusted to fix the amount
of good money that may at any time be re-
quired.
The only danger • that has ever manifested
itself of too much money in a country has been
of money that has not been properly secured
or money of low value. There is danger of
inflation when coins are reduced in value by
the addition of alloys. There is danger of an
inflation of the currency when the securities
are inadequate, when there is no disposition,
it may be, or no purpose on the part of those
who issue it to redeem the money that is put
afloat. In such a case it is an object on the
part of those who have the issuance of the
money to put forth as much as they can, as
much as they can persuade people to receive.
It is a gaining operation with them. But if
they are to leave on deposit the value of the
money which they receive, it will be different
if the deposit can be of more value to them,
can be used in some way better than in the
form of money, they will so use it, and there
is no danger whatever of the country ever
becoming flooded with good money. •
The banking system we now have I believe
to be the best that haS ever been adopted in
this country. It is the safest we have ever had.
It is not a new system ; it had been adopted in
many of its features in several of the States of
the Union. It had been recommended by
writers on political economy long before it was
adopted by the United States Government. I
find in a work published in 1852 -on the Pro-
gress of Nations by an author of considerable
notoriety, Mr. Seaman, the exact plan of the
present national banking system of the United
States laid down in detail. 1 believe it to be
the very best system that has thus far been
adopted, but it is defective in many respects.
It would be better, in my judgment, if there
could be great freedom on the part of ail the
citizens, who have the securities that are re-
quired by the Government, to surrender to the
Treasury and receive in lieu of them United
States notes, rather than to leave the bonds to
draw interest for those who deposit them as
security. This would result in withdrawing
from our interest-bearing indebtness at least
the $300,000,000 that are now issued as na-
tional bank circulation and replacing them with
a like amount of non-interest-bearing green-
backs. We should thus save at least $25,000,-
000 a year interest. The interest that is now
paid m gold on this amount is $18,000,000,
equivalent to §25,000,000 in greenbacks or
United States notes.
Besides, this system of banking is liable to
many abuses. It is a very great privilege to
those who can avail themselves of it. It cer-
tainly amounts, on the part of those who
receive it, to a privilege of drawing double
interest upon their capital. They take their
bonds to the Treasury, leave them on deposit,
and receive ninety per cent, of circulation
which they loan out upon interest. Thus the .
bankers receive interest not only upon the
$100,000 deposited with the Treasury, but also
on the $90,000 of circulating notes which they
receive. Then, why may not a man who re-
ceives his $90,000 in circulation immediately
convert that again-—less the amount to Lie kept
on hand—into United States bonds in some
other bank, or invest it in some other banking
operation, and receive circulation again to the
amount of, perhaps, seventy odd thousand
dollars? After he has received his new circu-
lation, why may he not again invest it in Uni-
ted States bonds and receive ninety per cent,
again, and so multiplying his interest until he
receives thirty or forty per cent, on the original
investment of $100,000 ? To be sure there is
a provision in the law that the persons receiv-
ing the circulation shall not use it in a way
to increase their banking capital ; but that
prohibition applies only to the bank to which
the circulation is issued, and what is to hinder
a person receiving the circulation first issued
from making the same disposition of it in some
other bank ?
The fact is, Mr. President, this banking
privilege that is granted by the laws of the
United States is an exceedingly advantageous
one, one of immense value to the people who
have so hastily and early availed themselves of
it. It is of great advantage to the people of
New England and New York, who have ab-
sorbed so large a portion of it; and I do not
wonder very much at their extreme anxiety to
prevent any addition to the amount, or to pre-
vent the people of the South and the West,
where there is more poverty and more destitu-
tion, from adding to then- independence of the
been
section where this banking capital
taken up.
I believe, Mr. President, that there should
be no hesitation on the part of the Senate in
affording this little measure of relief to these
destitute portions of the country. It will add
to their productiveness. At present they are
in a withered, decaying condition ; they are
paralyzed for the want of circulation ; they are
unable to move their crops for the want of
money; and if this relief is not permitted,
they will deeline in wealth, they will continue
in their present condition of poverty and dis-
tress, and after a while will become even legs
productive, and as a consequence less advan-
tageous to the wealthy portions of the Union,
the East and the North. Whatever is done to
encourage industry, whatever is done to add
to the productiveness of the South and the
West, will but add to the general prosperity of
the nation and improve its credit. I hope
therefore, Mr. President, that this amendment
will be acquiesced in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
when a gentleman sets out with an unsound
principle at the start and claims that paper
money is just as good as gold and silver coin,
you may expect that fallacy to run through his
entire argument. Now, I am surprised at the
disinterested generosity of the Senator from
California. If there is a Senator on this floor
who ought to be a stickler for a speedy restor-
ation of specie payments, it is the Senator from
California; for by an irredeemable paper cur-
rency the relative power of gold is lessened,
the purchasing power of it is vastly diminished,
and this is an evil under which the people of
California and all other gold and silver pro-
ducing States and Territories have been groan-
ing for years, ever since the introduction into
the country of this unusual flood of paper
money, and yet the Senator from California
proclaims here that paper money is just as
good as gold or silver.
Mr. COL13. I am sure the Senator from
Vermont does not intend to misrepresent me.
I spoke of paper money well secured, secured
by the value it represents.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understood
the limitations which the Senator laid down,
and he evidently meant that the kind of paper
money which we have issued is jnst as good as
gold or silver and just such as he is ready to
issue $20,000,000 more of without conditions.
Does not the fact stare him in the face that
gold is forty per cent above paper? Is not
that a significant showing of the fallacy of his
argument? Have we not enough of that kind
of circulation? If "we had not too much of it,
it would be at par, or else we have destroyed
the credit of our country—an idea that 1 do
not admit; but I will say that we are in danger
of destroying it when we take steps in the direc-
tion of expansion instead of contraction.
But the Senator goes on further to state that
when this paper money is issued by a party who
manifests no purpose of redeeming it, then it
is of less value. Here is au example: there
is a proposition before us which proposes not
to redeem any portion of this paper money,
but to increase the amount of it by the sum of
$20,000,000, and yet the Senator from Calilor-
nia is one of the earliest opponents of an
amendment offered by me providing that if the
national banking circulation shall be so in-
creased, we shall retire an equal amount of
United States notes.
But the Senator from California has iterated
and reiterated the idea that the North and the
Kast possess the wealth of the country, and
are opposing this measure for increasing the
circulation. Why, sir, a Senator from New
England [Mr. Wilson] has proposed to in-
crease it five times the amount proposed by the
bill of the committee. Only one of the Sena-
tors from New England, the Senator from Con-
necticut, has shown any disposition to oppose
the proposition, although 1 think the wnole ,
Senate will bejustilied in opposing it if itcomes
in the shape of a naked expansion of paper
money. Why, thea, does the Senator from
