2128
THl CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
first murmuringsof Radical indignation against
the Supreme Court; the mutterings of hos-
tility against that court, and a bill was started
and passed, and sent over here to curb and
bridle that court, and to prevent a majority
from determining against the validity of an act
of Congress, although in their judgment it
should be in plain conflict with the fundamental
law which they, as well as we, are sworn to
support.
Thus the court was to be curbed by an act
of Congress and forbidden to discharge one
of its most solemn and imperative duties, pro-
nounced to be such by John Marshall in one of
the earliest opinions upon our judicial records,
luminous, demonstrative, unanswered ever
since, and unanswerable in all future time.
That court was to be forbidden to perforin that
function solemnly charged upon it and indis-
pensable to the maintenance of any balance
among the powers of Government, any just
and judicious distribution of power among its
departments.
Why did that bill slumber here? Was it not
because it was found out or believed or sup-
posed that even that bill would not save the
extraordinary legislation of Congress from judi-
cial condemnation ? Was it not because it
came to be believed or suspected that even
under such a rule as that an honest judiciary
could not maintain the laws enacted by the
two Houses of Congress? Their enactments
might be found to be deficient in that inherent
life which belongs to a valid statute, namely,
constitutionality. No, sir, that bill wasdropped;
you cannot endure even the test of a two-thirds
vote upon reconstruction in the court you have
reorganized and manipulated by the legislation
which I liave read.
How must you think the people look upon
you politically ? I am speaking in that aspect
exclusively; and as this is a political bill it
justifies my discourse of and concerning its
provisions in a political sense. No, sir; a
two thirds vote provision will not answer for
protective purposes in these extraordinary
times and with these extraordinary laws to un-
dergo examination, not here where partisan
passion speaks, not hero where the inspiration
of sensation newspapers is felt, not here where
personal interests and party organization may
mislead and distract the judgment; but in a
seieueand tranquil and just and honored court,
whose voice when heard by the people will be
respected and obeyed from the Penobscot to
the Rio Grande, and everywhere within our
borders, because it is the voice of justico speak-
ing trom ifs own temple words which the peo-
ple will hear and tafre home to them as rules
for both belief and conduct.
Therefore, sir, what do you do? Surrepti-
tiously, in a moment when attention was with-
drawn, a quiet amendment goes on a bill in
the House of Representatives and comes here
and is put through without explanation and
with postponement denied—to do what? To
take from our great court the just power which
it holds under your law, to defeat the pronun-
ciation of its honest opinion, to save your re-
construction work from that just destruction
which impends over it or which you suppose
impends over it, to secure yourselves from crit-
icism and review and reversal by any earthly
power, to say and to proclaim that your will
and your interests, and they alone, shall be the
law ot your conduct. Is not that this bill?
Did not the men who introduced and passed
it in the other House tell us so and tell the
country so? Is not the court—armed with no
military power, with no political authority,
backed by no party passion—arrested now in
the performance of its duty under the law?
Struck at and wounded justice hesitates in her
course; her judges tell you, "We pause; we
suspend our functions; we await the action of
the two Houses of Congress; they have power
which we do not possess, and we are weak and
helpless for the moment before them."
Mr. President, Dean Swift tells us that "the
great'evil to be guarded against in government
is the gamma imperii, the unlimited power m
the hands of the one, the few, or the many."
We suppose that in these two Houses of Con-
gress we represent the popular voice of the
people of the United States ; of the majority
of the people, in consequence of the expres-
sion of their judgment under our republican
forms. Well, sir, one of the things best re-
membered by me is the astonishment and
incredulity with which, many years ago, I read
Mr. Madison's disquisition in the Federalist
upon the relative powers and the relations of
the different Departments of our Government,
wherein he insisted (and he continued to insist
on the point during his whole life) that the
danger of encroachment by either one of the
Departments of the Government upon the
other was to be looked for here ; here in Con-
gress, here in the legislative branch ; that the
danger to our free institutions lurked here,
where the voice of the people was organized,
where the main mass of effective powet was
lodged, where the initiation of legislation per-
tained; and that against encroachment by this
department the judicial and executive depart-
ments were to a great extent defenseless. He
said this was our danger, and he wrote strong
words upon it even late in life, when upon the
verge of the grave he looked back with tran-
quil vision over his past career, over the de-
bates which he had conducted in the Federal
Convention, and over Ins experience as Chief
Magistrate of this Union.
He left his words upon record, words of
earnest exhortation to his countrymen, to look
to Congress as the department which above
all others would overstep the bounds of its
just authority and encroaching upon the other
departments, would disturb the balance of our
system, and introduce into it evils and dangers
not contemplated by the sanguine and saga-
cious men who established the Government
and laid deep its foundations on the basis of
popular power.
Well, sir, look at this work of ours conecrn-
ingthoSupremeCourt; this past action of Con-
gress and this bill. I need not go over the old
story of what you have done to the executive
department; how you have plucked from it
time by time, mouth by month, one prerogative
after another ; how you have shorn the power
of the President as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy, so that you now speak to
one third of the United Slates through the
General of your Army. 1 need not tell you
how you have stripped him of the power of
control over all his executive subordinates by
your tenure of-olliee law, and how by many
other enactments you have sought to impov-
erish that department, if I may so express my-
self, to strip and disrobe it of its constitutional
garments and of its inherent and just powers.
That may be a political question. You are
engaged 111 a struggle for power; you suppose
your true political antagonist is loeated in the
executive chair. He speaks harshly and un-
kindly ol you, and you m turn assail him and
attempt to deprive him of influence, of the
power to wound and to injure you with the
people, because to the people you both look.
Each courts the favor of the great mass in
whom all sovereign power is lodged. Well,
sir, at this time J shall say nothing about that
contest, now protracted through a period of
twoyearsand a half. I will not attempt to hold
the scales between you and your executive
opponent, and determine upon which side is the
balance of right or the balance of impropriety.
Put, sir, I have a right in the conclusion of
this debate to appeal to you on another point.
Be satisfied with your political contest. Goto
the people upon it and take their judgment,
and as they decide so let it be. If in the ad-
hering States—I mean those now represented
in Congress, and about whose powers and
functions there is no question—the majority
say you are right, so be it; we submit to the
inevitable, and what you shall enact will be
our law for the future. If, on the contrary,
judgment go against you, we shall expect your
acquiescence and your submission to that popu-
lar voice from which there is no appeal. Fight
out this battle, take its results honestly, and
we may all, both majority and minority, obey
as American citizens the decision which shall
be made. That will be righteous and just con-
duct. No man will take any possible result,
obtained in an honest manner, more cheer-
fully than myself. Put while you are fighting
this political battle, in the name of all that is
sacred and excellent in our institutions, do not
assail the temple of justice; do not enter its
portals to pull the judge from his bench; do
not enter that sacred place to despoil the court
of its powers, to prostitute justice before the
hot breath of your passions or your interests.
And I think upon this point I have a conclu-
sive argument, one that will go to the breasts of
those to whom other considerations cannot
successfully appeal; and that is, it is against
your interests. He who assails justice em-
bodied in her own court, who takes away the
proper functions committed to the court under
an honest law which you yourselves enacted,
will not obtain popular favor, will not obtain
the approval of the people, will reap no rich
results in any future political harvest. Rather
to him and to all concerned with him, when
they attempt to pluck the ripe fruits of victory,
those fruits will turn in their grasp to dust aud
ashes.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tionis, " Shall the bill pass notwithstanding the
objections of the President of the United
States?'1 On this question the Secretary will
call the yeas and nays.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to state that Mr.
Grimes and Mr. Johnson are paired on this
question. Mr. Grimes, if here, would vote for
the bill; Mr. Johnson against it. Mr. Coii-
litii'T and Mr. Viukers are also paired. Mr.
CoiuiETT, if here, would vote for the bill, and
Mr. Viukers against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas !!;!, nays 0 ; as follows:
YEAS—Mcsms Cameron, Cattoll, Chandler, Cole,
Colliding, Crania, .Edmunds, Ferry, Frelinghuysen,
Harlan, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Mor-
rill ot' Maine, Mornll of Vermont. Morton, Nye.
l\ittei---on of j\ovv Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
ltoaa, .Si n, Sumner. Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull,
Vsm Winkle, Wade, Wiituy, Williams, Wilson, and
Y.ites-33.
NAY,S—Messrs. Bayard, Buekatew, Davis, Dixon,
Hendricks, AlcCreeiy, Norton, Patterson of Tennes-
see. and iSaulsburi—U.
AI3SMNT — Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Corbett,
Dooliltle, Drake, Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes, John-
son, Sherman, riprague, and Vickers—12.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two thirds
of the members present having voted for the
bill, it is passed notwithstanding the objections
of the President; and it will be transmitted,
with the objections, to the House of Repre-
sentatives.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House insisted on its disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate to the
bill (H. It. No. UOO) to exempt certain manufac-
tures from internal tax, insisted on its amend-
ments to the third and fourth amendments of
the Senate disagreed to by the Senate, and
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the t-wo Houses,
and had appointed Mr. R. C. Soiiexpk of
Ohio, Mr. Samuel Hooper of Massachusetts,
and Mr. W. E. Niblack of Indiana, managers
at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the commit-
tee of conference of the bill (S. No. 108) for the
relief of Henry Greathouse and Samuel Kelly.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
II. No. 328) to establish certain post roads;
and it was thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The moiion was agreed to; and the Senate
(at six o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
