THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
are sitting for the purpose of trying an impeach-
ment, and aif_ forms during the trial not otherwise
specially provided for. And tlie presiding officer on
the trial may ruio all questions of ovidence and inci-
dental questions, which ruling shall stand as-the
judgment of the Senate, unless some member of the
Senate shall ask that a formal votebetaken thereon,
in which case it shall bo submitted to the Senate for
decision; or he mas', at his option, in the first
instance, submit any such question to a vote of the
members of the Senate.''
The questions that I sub-
Debate is not in
Mr. JOHNSON.
Bitted 
The CHIEF JUSTICE.
order.
^ Mr. JOHNSON. I am not about to debate.
The questions that I submitted were not, as I
think, heard by all the members of the Senate.
I mean the questions which the honorable
Managers thought it their duty to decline to
answer. I ask that they be again read before
the vote is taken.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The questions sub-
mitted by the Senator from Maryland will be
again read.
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. May the Man-
agers be allowed to suggest that the Managers
heard the questions and respectfully declined to
answer them? It seems to the Managers, also,
somewhat in the nature of an argument upon
the questions involved.
Mr. JOHNSON. Head the question.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question.
The Secretary read as follows:
The honorable Managers are requested to say
whether evidence hereafter will be produced to
show—
1. That the President before the time when the
declaiations of Thomas which they propose to prove
were made authorized him to obtain possession of
the oflice by force, or threats, or intimidation, if ne-
cessary; or,
2. If not, that the President had knowledge that
such declarations had been made and approved of
them.
Several Senators. Question! Question!
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators 
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the yeas and nays,
and let us seeifthe Senate will notorderthem.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 39, nays 11 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cjittell, Chand-
ler. Cole, Conklint;, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake,
Kdmunds,Ferry, Fessenden. Fowler. Frehnglniysen,
fri uncs, Henderson, Howard, Howe,Morgan, Morrill
ol Maine, Morrill of Vermont,Morton,N;ve, Patter-
son ofNow Hampshire, Pomeroy, Itamsey, Ross. Sher-
man, Sprasue, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wiiley, Williams, and Wil-
son—o'.t.
NAYS—Messrs. Kayard, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
X>oohttle, Hendricks, Johnson, McCrcery, Norton,
Patterson of Tennessee, and Vickers—11.
NOT Y'.)T [XG—Mc; ; r-'. Harlan, Saul-bury, Wade,
and Yate;—t.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. On this question the
yens are :>0, and the nays 11. So the Senate
decides that the question proposed by Mr. Man-
ager Biti.er shall be put to the witness.
Hon. Walter A. Burleigh resumed the
stand, and his examination was continued.
ISy Mr. Manager Bctler :
Question. You said yesterday, in answer to
my question, that you had a conversation witli
General Lorenzo Thomas on the evening of
the 21st of February last. State if he said
anything as to the means by which lie intended
to obtain or was directed by the President to
obtain possession of the AVar Department? If
so, state all he said, as nearly as you can ?
Answer. On the evening of the 121st of
Febiuary last, I learned that General Thomas
had been appointed Secretary of War ad in-
terim, I think while at the Metropolitan Hotel.
1 invited Mr. Leonard Smith, of Leavenworth,
Kansas, to go with me up to his house and see
him. We took a carriage and went up. I
found the General there getting ready to go
out with his daughters to spend the evening at
some place of amusement. I told him I would
not detain him if he was going out; buthe in-
sisted on my sitting down, and 1 sat down for
a few moments. I told him that 1 had learned
he had been appointed Secretary of War. He
said he had ; that he had been appointed that
day, I think : that after receiving his appoint-
ment from the President he went to the War
Office to show his authority or his appointment
to Secretary Stanton, and also his order to take
possession of the office; that the Secretary re-
marked to him that he supposed he would give
liim time to remove his personal effects or
his private papers, something to that effect; and
reply was " certainly." He said that in a short
time the Secretary asked him if he would give
him a copy of his order, and he replied " cer-
tainly," and gave it to him. He said that it
was no more than right to give him time to
take out his personal effects. I asked him
when he was going to assume the duties of the
office. He remarked that he should take pos-
session the next morning at ten o'clock, which
would be the 22d; and 1 think in that con-
nection he stated that he had issued some order
in regard to the observance of the day ; but of
that J am not quite sure. 1 remarked to him
that I should be up at that end of the avenue
the next day. and he asked me to come in and
see him. 1 asked him where 1 would find him,
and he said in the Secretary's room up-stairs.
I told him I would be there. Said he, " Be
there punctual at ten o'clock." Said I, You
are going to take possession to-morrow?"
'•Yes." Said I, "Suppose Stanton objects
to it, resists." "Well," said he, "I expect
to meet force by force" or "use force."
Mr. CONKLING. Repeat that.
The Witness. I asked him what he would
do if Stanton objected or resisted. lie said he
would use force or resort to force. Said I,
" Suppose lie bars the doors?" llis reply was,
" 1 will break them down." I think that was
about all the conversation that we had there
at that time in that connection.
By Mr. Manager Butleii :
Question. Did he say anything to you about
being there at the time?
Answer. He told me to be there at ten o'clock,
if I came.
Question. Was there anything said further in
the conversation that you remember, by you to
him, as to what purpose you would be there
for?
Answer. Well, to witness the performance;
to see him take possession of the office ; noth-
ing more than that.
Question. Were you up there at the office at
any time before he assumed the duties of Sec-
letary ad interim after he assumed the duties
of Adjutant General?
The Witness. At the Secretary's oflice?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. At the Adjutant
General's office ?
Answer. Yes, sir. I have frequently been
there.
Mr. CURTIS, (to Mr. Manager Butler.)
Will you repeat the question?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The question is
whether you were at the Adjutant General's
oflice after General Thomas assumed the duties
of Adjutant General and before he attempted
io assume the duties of Secretary ad interim.
You say you wore.
Answer. Yos, sir ; I was there several times;
I do not recollect how many ; but two or three
times.
Question. Did you hear him saying anything
to the officers and clerks of the Department
there as to what his intention was when he
came in command ?
Mr. EVARTS. That we object to. What
date do you fix that inquiry as applying to, Mr.
Bwti.eu ?
Mr. Manager BUTLEII. I believe he was
restored by the President to the Adjutant Gen-
eral's oflice about a week, if 1 remember
aright—you will correct me if I am wrong—
before he was made Secretary ad interim ; and
it was within that week that he made these
declarations which I now offer.
Mr. EVARTS. Y'our inquiry, then, is for
declarations made antecedent to the action of
the President of which you have given evi-
dence?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. My inquiry is not
for declarations. My inquiry is for attempts on
his part to seduce the officers of the War De-
partment to his allegiance by telling them what
he would do for them-when he came in over
them, precisely as Absalom sat at the gate of
Israel and attempted to sedoce the people from
their allegiance to David,' the king, by telling
them what he would do for them when' he got
to bo king. [Laughter.]
Mr. EVARTS. Do yon propose that in your
question, about Absalom?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No, sir; Iputthat
ill my illustration. ["Laughter.]
The OHIBF JUSTICE. Do the counsel for
the President object to the question 1
Mr. EVARTS. We object.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Shall I reduce it
to writing?
The CillEF JUSTICE. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (at three o'clock p.m.)
I move that the Senate sitting on this trial take
a recess for fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE resumed the chair
at three o'clock and fifteen minutes, and called
the Senate to order.
Hon. Walter A. Burleigh's examination
resumed;
Mr. Manager BUTLER. With the Presi-
dent's leave, I will withdraw the question I
put for a moment, in order to put another
which I think will not be objected to. [To
the witness. ] I observe, Mr. Burleigh—I did
not observe at the moment, but I have observed
since—that you did not answer one part of ray
first question to day, which was, whether any-
thing was said by Thomas at that conversation
as to what orders he had received from the
President?
Mr. EVARTS. That is covered by our pre-
vious objectioif.
itr. Manager BUTLER. Certainly; it is
the same tiling; part of the same question.
[To the witness.] Will you answer?
Answer. During the conversation General
Thomas, after stating, in reply to my inquiry,
that he would use force if necessary, stated that
he had been required or ordered by the Pres-
ident to take charge of the War Department,
and he was bound to obey the President as his
superior or superior officer.
Question. Did that come in before or after
ho spoke of force in the conversation?
Answer. It was in connection with the force,
and it was repeated, also, in connection with
the bieaking of the door to which I have al-
luded. I thought I mentioned it; but perhaps
I did not.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I now offer the
question which was objected to.
The CHIEFJUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question.
The Secretary read as follows;
Question. Shortly before this conversation about
which you have testified, and after the President re-
stoicd Major Cfenerai Thomas to the office of Adju-
tant General, if you know the fact that he was so
restored, wore you present in the War Department
and did you hear Thomas make any statements to
the officers and clerks, or either of them, belonging
to the War Office as to tlio rules and orders of Mr.
Stanton or of the office which ho. Thomas, would
revoke, relax, or rescind in favor of such officers and
employes when he had control of the affairs therein ?
If so, state when, as near as you can, it was such
conversation occurred, and state all ho said as nearly
as you can?
Mr. EVARTS. The counsel for the Presi-
dent object to that question as irrelevant and
immateiial to any issue in this cause, and as
not to be brought in evidence against the Pres-
ident by any support given by the testimony
already in, which would, under any ruling of
this court, or on any principle of law, permit
these declarations or statements of General
Thomas made to the clerks of the War Depart-
ment antecedent to the time of the issue of
the orders by the President, which are in evi-
dence, as to what'he, Thomas, would do when
he, Thomas, if at all, should become Secretary
of War.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President, I
do not desire to argue this question, for the
reason that I think it falls within the question
last discussed. If Thomas, as was the ground
