1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1105
Trusting you will give tho above remarks your
immediate consideration, and assuring you that wo
are but expressing the views of many of your con-
stituents, we are, very respectfully, yours,
WILLIAM FRANKFOB/HI,
CHARLES II. LOEItELlNtiER,
JOHN P. LINDEMANN,
P. ENGELMANN,
ISAAC NBUSTALTL,
HENKY KfflTZ.
Halbeht E. Paine, M. C„ Wuahinglon, D. C.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker,
it is strange indeed that at this day, in the high
noon of the nineteenth century, and especially
in the Halls of an American.Congress, that
the representatives of the people should be
engaged in discussing the protection due to an
American citizen when sojourning beyond the
domains of the Repablic. Yet we are engaged
in considering a measure ostensibly framed to
secure those rights. Though in the ninety-
second year of our existence as a nation we
have not, with all our progress and all our
strength, secured from foreign Governments a
full recognition of a principle fundamental to
our system. Sir, we have fought three wars,
two of them of considerable magnitude, and
the third—the reverberations of whose guns
have hardly ceased—confessedly on a scale
unparalleled before in the history of human
strife ; yet we have not won that proud respect
for our citizenship, that sacred regard for its
rights, without which, at the hands of all other
governmental forms,'democracy is a mockery
and republicanism the scorn of nations. There
must be something rotten in this, Weakness
is too plainly confessed when everywhere Amer-
ican citizenship fails of instant recognition.
But, sir, what are the facts out of the existence
of which this discussion has grown, and to
meet which this bill has been prepared? There
are two classes of outrages perpetrated against
American citizens. The gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Judd,] who so ably represented this
Republic at Berlin but recently, and whose
thorough knowledge and lucid presentation of
this subject sheds so much light on it, has
well stated one class. They arise from the claim
to military service which Prussia alone of all
European Governments maintains in its integ-
rity. That claim is inherent in the Prussian
system, yet by that Goremment" s silent acquies-
cence, at least, in the wholesale expatriation of
its people by emigration, it has wholly invali-
dated its claim for perpetual allegiance. The
Prussian claim is not at all on its face the
absurdity which the English commentators
proffer. It is service due to a country, not to
be sneaked out of or evaded by any act of
expatriation, rather than personal allegiance
due to a monarch. From the general character
of that Government it may be hoped that the
question can be fairly adjudicated, so far as
North Germany is concerned, whenever the
American Government shall be self-respecting
enough to declare, at least, in the words of the
gentleman from Illinois, that—
"The right of expatriation must foe insisted upon
in all caseswhere the militavyobligation orduty has
not attached by an actual summons for service."
The other class of cases is more serious and
more numerous ; they come home to us closer.
They bring great personal suffering to many
and inconvenience to more whenever the Gov-
ernment by whose acts the cases are created
gets into one of its unreasonable panics, and
runs, Malay fashion, " a muck'' against all who
appear to be in the way. They are produced
by the claim of perpetual allegiance always held
and occasionally enforced by our mother coun-
try—the land whose language we speak and in
whose intellectual and political traditions we
glory. The absurdity of the claim was recen.tly
most forcibly illustrated by that able writer on
international law, Mr. Vernon Harcourt, whose
letters in the London 'Times bearing on Amer-
ican affairs have commanded wide attention.
In one of his " Historicus'' letters he conclu-
sively showed that if the doctrine of allegiance
as recently expounded was correct then every
native-born American descended from a for-
mer subject of the British Crown, no matter
how far removed from English birth, was owing
40th Cong. 2d Sess.--No. TO.
service and submission to the Government of
Great Britain. He completed the demonstra-
tion and illustrated its absurdity by supposing
General Grant, while directing military opera-
tions against Great Britain, being captured by
its forces, then tried, condemned, and executed
for treason as a British subject, as he undoubt-
edly is if the Blackstone British theory be
correct.
Sir, at the present moment American citizens
are confined in English prisons. Some are in
the first dreary years of a long term of penal
servitude, some are languishing in prison, de-
tained without stated charges, though trial has
often been demanded. Hundreds of our fellow-
citizens, maiTp of them-—probably a majority—
men who served the Republic in its hour of
supreme peril, have been summarily seized,
imprisoned, held under arrest for periods of
greater or lesser length, and have then been
arbitrarily sent out of the land where they were
temporarily sojourning at great loss and incon-
venience to themselves. Some of these men
were "native and to the manner born" so far
as this Republic is concerned ; others were
their fellow-countrymen, though not birthright
but naturalized citizens. All recognition of
their claims in this respect has been denied
them. Their American citizenship has been
contemptuously spurned. It has been treated
with visible contumely. Their so-called crimes
have been proven only by the oaths of hired
informers. Most of the acts charged have been
done in our own borders, and not within the
jurisdiction of Great Britain. Some of the
most flagrant oases of outrages have been de-
fended only by charges of words uttered at
public meetings in this land.
It is time, Mr. Speaker, that this thing
ceased. It was never time for it to have
begun. The fact that the question of the rights
of naturalization is yet unsettled is but another
of the many proofs we have had during recent
years of the want of positive opinions among
us as to what constitutes citizenship, and what
are its rights and duties when it is assumed.
Courts have failed to settle this question. Our
vapid imitators of the Old World diplomacy
have succeeded only in confusing what to com-
mon-sense men has seemed a plain duty, right,
and privilege.
Here at home our laws know no distinction
between the rights of a native-born and natu-
ralized citizen, except in two particulars, that
the President and Vice President must both
be native born. The Irishman, Englishman,
German, or of whatsoever nation the self-
expatriated man may be, obtains here the
same rights and has to perform the same duty
as the lineal descendant of the Mayflower Pil-
grims, the Huguenots of the Carolinas, or the
Knickerbockers of New York. He pays,
according to bis ability, his proportion of
taxes. He goes to battle alongside the proud-
est son of the soil. His blood has run on every
field and helped to gain victory in all our wars.
ITe sits here in these Halls equal and honored.
He helps to govern our States and to frame
their laws, lie has helped and continues to
make our Republic rich and develop its vast
resources. For all this, while we demand of
the new-made citizen the best service he can
render by brain and hand, we also clothe him
with rights which should everywhere protect
him as with armor of mail.
Why, sir, the American Republic is founded
on self-imposed expatriation. It has been main-
tained largely by the same law. It is greatly
strengthened and enriched year by year by the
continued accessions its operations bring to
our midst. Every line of our history is an
epitomized protest against doubt on the duty
of protecting all citizens, and of the light of
any or all, according to the words of Thomas
Jefferson, written in 1703. "to divest them-
selves of the character of citizens by emigra-
tion or other acts manifesting their intention."
Recall for one moment the statement recently
made on this floor by another honorable gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ci'llom,} and re-
peated by, I believe, the1 distinguished chair-
man [Mr. Banks] of the committee from which
the bill under discussion was reported, to the
effect that out of oar white population of thirty
odd millions at least twenty-two of those mil-
lions are either emigrants who have come here
to assume citizenship or their children. The
gentleman from Illinois says:
" In 1790 tho seventeen States and Territories then
comprising this country had within their borders hut
three and a quarter millions of people. Taking tho
recognized rate of increase of births over deaths,
being one and thirty-eight hundredths per cent, per
annum, the population of the country-to-day, saying
nothing about emancipated blacks and the people
added by the acquisition of territory not then owned,
would number about nine and a quarter million peo-
ple."
Two millions of Irishmen have settled here
since the Republic was founded. Two mil-
lions of Germans have come into our midst,
bringing a large share of industry, intelligence,
and skill. Two million more persons of other
nationalities have also taken up their abode
among us. During the last two years nearly
seven hundred thousand emigrants have landed
on our shores. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Kelley,] in a recent speech on
this floor having relation to another subject,
spoke of the rapid growth of a town ia Illinois
where fourteen different European tongues and
dialects are spoken. This illustrates our dis-
cussion. Every western State has its ma-
chinery by which to disseminate information
as to its resources and encourage emigration.
In my own State, with its unnumbered acres
of rich and cheap land, this is a cardinal point
of administration. Here we pass laws to pro-
tect the emigrant on the high seas and in our
ports. We have a bureau charged with a
special supervision of the subject, and we have
chartered companies whose object is to in-
duce emigration hither, and to distribute where
its labor-is most needed after landing. I call
attention to these facts, because their recapitu-
lation justifies the profound astonishment which
any man must feel at hearing the diversity of
views as to the amount of protection doe to a
naturalized citizen, and above all as to whether
the American Government recognizes in its own
citizens the right of voluntary expatriation.
To men like myself, sir, not claiming to be
learned in the law, but still somewhat conver-
sant with the nation's history, it is a novel
sensation to find grave and learned pundits
who seriously doubt our people's right to go
elsewhere and throw off such allegiance as we
claim ; or who, with the best intentions, are yet
puzzled to know how far we are justified in
going in the protection of naturalized citizens
while they sojourn in their native or other
foreign lands, and do not violate its laws or
attempt to set aside such obligations as inter-
national laws impose. Sir, the claim of per-
petual allegiance or citizenship is one of those
absurd contradictions to the necessities of our
modern civilization which lingering feudalism
has left in our midst. It is illogical and
inhuman in the face of the fact that all the
leading Governments of the world, except Rus-
sia and China—both which are by most per-
sons deemed semi-barbarous—have permitted
and most have encouraged the steady, constant
distribution of population which emigration
has brought- about.
But, sir, the right of expatriation was not
even denied in feudal times. It was acknowl-
edged in periods that preceded them. By the
Roman law every man was at liberty to re-
iiio( e where he pleased. Grotius, Tryplioneus,
Vattel, and other writers on the law of nations
agree that "ever}' man has a right to choose
the State '' of which he desires to become a
member; that single persons, if not large com-
panies, have a right to leave a country; that
oppressed religionists or those who cannot
obtain a sufficient subsistence can do likewise;
all these and others have a natural right to ex-
patriate themselves. Nay, more, according to
Vattel—
1' If the sovereign attempt to molest those who
have a right to emigrate he docs tliem an injury, and
the injured individuals may lawfully implore the
protection of the Power who is -willing to re«eiv 
them."
