1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
California come out here with a statement that
New England and New York are particularly
averse to this increase of banking circulation,
01* averse at all to allowing other parts of the
country to enjoy the same privileges which
they enjoy? Fix your laws as you please, and
the North and the East will try to endure it;
but the evil of an inflated currency is not a
local one; the whole country has an interest in
getting out of the present quagmire, not ia
plunging deeper into it.
I have sometimes thought that some gentle-
men in the West, if they could get a measure
before the Senate that "would confiscate the
property of the widows and orphans in the
East, for they own a pretty large share of what
there is there, would be willing to do it. Why,
sir, the wealth that has been accumulated in
New England and the North has been the
slow growth of two centuries. Can gentlemen
expect that new States like California, Nevada,
and other of our western States, as prosper-
ous and flourishing as they ma^ be—and I
rejoice that they are—aregoingtojumpatonee
into the wealth and the civilization of centu-
ries ? Have these States any less banking capi-
tal now than they had before the creation of
the national banking system ? I should like
to know if the creation of the national bank-
ing system has diminished the amount of bank-
ing capital of any of those western States
about which we hear so much. Did they not
help to establish the new system ? The people
of my State when this system was adopted had
a banking sysiem with which they were con-
tent, and they had a much larger circulation
than they now have, it was a system that
contributed largely by the taxes imposed upon
it to the support of the State government. Our
people went into the national banking system
reluctantly ; and it was not until alter forcible
measures of legislation were adopted, a year
subsequent to the passage of the banking law,
that the IMorth generally adopted it. They
went into it because they found that their capi-
tal was to be slowly butsurely confiscated if they
did not go into it. They went into it because
they had the capital and the Government needed
St. Was there any more reason why the western
States should not go in than the eastern ? 1
do not like to hear the eastern and northern
States reproached lor stepping forward at a
time when the Government was in peril and
bringing foith their treasures—the careful sav-
ings of generations of men—to the support of
the Government. Why did not the West step
forward and avail themselves of the privilege?
They say they have the means now, and they
must have had the means then or they accumu-
lated it during the war. They had the same
opportunity that we had, and money is worth as
much in the West for banking purposes as in
the East; much more; the dividends are larger.
Now, Mr. President, for all the wealth that
ss accumulated in the East and the North men
wG^k there more hours per day, and their capi-
tal is employed at a less price, than in any'other
portion of the Union. Why, sir, the men in
the Northeast work from twelve to fourteen
and fifteen hours a day; and that is the way
they accumulate wealth; they loan their capi-
tal for six per cent., and that is the way they
accumulate their wealth. That is not the case
with the western States. There their climate
is such and their facilities in the way of agri-
culture are such that they do not work but half
the year anyhow—the winter is a holiday—and
they work a very small number of hours usually
when they do work; and whgn they loan their
capital their laws permit them to take ten per
cent., and in some places permit them to take
more. .
Now, Mr. President, in relation to the mat-
ter that is specially before us, it is simply a
plain proposition that if we increase the amount
of the national banking circulation then that
we shall retire an equal amount ol united
States notes. I think that is wise, not only
financially, but I think it is eminently wise
politically, that we should not increase, should
not inflate our eurreacy at this time. Is it not
40th Cons. 2d Sbss.—No. 198.
obvious that our United States notes are con-
sidered worth less in the market than any other
securities that we have? Why should we not
either retire them or refuse to put out anything
more akin to them, or anything to compete
with and depress them still more? Our bonds
sell for one hundred and ten or one hundred
and twelve, making them ten or twelve per
cent, above our national bank note circulation.
Our people believe one will be paid and fear
as to the other. It seems to me that it iS per-
fectly plain we have got too much currency of
some sort out already; atid if gentlemen in the
West or in California or in any other section
of the country expect to make bank note cir-
culation available in their localities until we
resume specie payments they are very much
mistaken. While there is a suspension of spe-
cie payments the capital will flow to the Atlan-
tic coast—to themoney centers of thecountry.
It will flow to places where you can find room
for all sorts of trade and speculation ; you can-
not find it in the interior. In my own State
the circulation runs off to the Atlantic coast;
you cannot keep it in the interior; it will go
where there is the greatest opportunity for
speculation. When tliere is anything in the
interior which can be purchased • at a profit,
then paper money will find it out, but not till
then.
I hope, Mr. President, that the proposition
which I have presented will commend itself to
the judgment of the Senate. -If we cannot
take any active steps by which we are to resume
specie payments, let us certainly beware of
taking any steps which are to retard that event.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, to vote
for the fifth section of the bill without amend-
ment is to favor an inflation of the paper cur-
rency of the country ; and although the pro-
posed issue is limited to §20,000,000 now, still
the proposition is to enter again upon a policy
of expansion. I am compelled, in this view, to
vote against the section ; and the query in my
mind is whether the provision will be rendered
admissible by either of the amendments sug-
gested. Before remarking upon this, I have a
word to say in reply to the honorable Senator
from California.
Nothing that he has said, and nothing that
can, in truth, be said, will call upon any Rep-
resentative of the State of New York to apolo-
gize for her part in the financial experience of
the country since the war began. The State
of New York has nothing in that regard to
regret or excuse. Far from it. She has done
too much and suffered too much to be taunted
for any shortcoming or any favor she has
received. Her connection with the present
banking system is no exception to the claim
I thus make for her. When rebellion raised
its hand New York had a banking system of
her own, matured and perfected by long expe-
rience, which supplied the wants of her people,
and comported with her vast resources and her
great commerce.
We were satisfied with it. It was, in my
belief, a better system than that under which
we are living now. Regarded in respect of its
relations to the Government, it was free from
one contradiction found in the present system
which has not yet been reconciled to the satis-
faction of unbiased and discerning men.
'The general banking system, regarded as a
fiscal problem between the Government and
the people, involves an interest in coin of six
per cent, per annum upon bonds exempt from
taxation, paid by the United States to corpora-
tions for circulating a currency for which the
United States are ultimately responsible, and
which currency they might themselves have
issued without the expense of one farthing
beyond the paper and engraving and the cost
of striking it off. I ha 2 heard a great many
financiers deal with this point, and I have never
heard"it so disposed of as to make it appear
a good fiscal arrangement for the Government
of the United States.
Without pursuing this I repeat that New
York had a banking system satisfactory to
herself, a system carefully guarded, and the
people of New York were content; a system
guarded against inflation, for, although bank-
ing circulation was based upon mortgages of
real estate, and so far unchecked in volume,
it was also based upon State stocks to the
extent of one half, which stocks could never
be increased a farthing without a popular vote
of the people of the State consenting to the
increase.
In this way it will be seen the basis of bank-
ing while flexible was safe from undue expan-
sion.
Thus the people of the State of New York
had provided for themselves a banking system
ever within their own control, evernKecure in
its workings, under which they had a currency
and banking facilities adapted to their wants.
When the war broke out the banking interest*
like all others were asked to come forward and
lay their offerings upon the altar of the country.
Which interest was it, I ask, that leaped for-
ward with a bound sooner than the banks and
the capitalists of the State of New York?
Without having the figures before me, and
speaking only from recollection, I assert the
banks advanced to the Government their entire
capital, and then, as the trustees of their de-
positors, they advanced a suiu which surprised
the nation and the Government.
After this, despite all this, the banks of New
York, in common with the banks of the other
States, were subjected to national legislation,
the long and short of which was to tax them
out of existence, and they were compelled to
lie down upon a Procrustean bed of national
finance and be shortened if they were found too
long, or stretched if they were found too short.
without dwelling upon the history of this
transaction, Mr. President, I think it ought at
least to exempt New York from invidious com-
ments respecting her part in the revolution by
which her moneyed institutions were swept
away, and to exempt her citizens and her rep-
resentatives from the necessity of defending
their State in this behalf.
It is true, sir, that the Comptroller of the
Currency departed and allowed others to de-
part from the letter and, I think, from the
spirit of the law in distributing-the bank cur-
rency; and, as far as that is true, and as far
as the inequality can now properly be removed
without flying to other and greater evils, un-
doubtedly it should be done.^ It is proposed
now to do it by a mere addition of $20,000,-
000 to the paper currency of the country.
This is the proposition as it came from the
committee. This hag no objection for those,
as the honorable Senator from Vermont says,
who believe that a piece of paper with the
stamp of the Government upon it is money
just as valuable as a piece of coin of the same
denomination. I am not of these believers.
1 believe that coin, like a barrel of flour or
any other property, the product of human
labor, has a value which consists in the fact
that it represents the cost of production. And
therefore it is, without entering into particu-
lars, that I discard these theories of paper
money. And because I do, without stopping
to argue the question, I do not see how I can
vote to increase, on any pretense, the volume
of paper currency, whether the increase at the
moment proposed be twenty millions or some-
thing more or something less. I believe that
the good of the country, considered at large,
and the individual prosperity and contentment
of the people, consists largely in bringing down
prices, in short, in restoring to wholesome
relationships values and the medium paid for
values; that is, in the restoration of specie
payments.
I content myself with assigning these reasons
for objecting to the provision as it was repotted
by the Committee on Finance. And now, Mr.
President, I wish to ask the Senator from Ver-
mont and the Senator from Indiana, and also
the Senator from Massachusetts, if he means to
renew hereafter the amendment proposed by
him and withdrawn, to attend to the ques-
tion presented by those amendments, and see
whether upon the whole they help the case
