1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4177
ing t.o have interminable annuities at four per
cent. That is a favorite class of security in
Europe, and gentlemen who know more about
it than I do, say there will be no difficulty in
exchanging sis per cent, bonds for four per
cent, interminable annuities free from all tax-
ation. We are merely called upon now to fix
some reasonable rate of interest at which there
is a probability the present holders of our
bonds are willing to exchange them for others.
Let us come to such a point that we can reach
that reasonable probability, and for that reason
I move four per cent.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I am in favor of the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine,
provided the House shall see lit to reject the
bill as prepared by the Senate. If we mean
in good faith to pass a law funding our na-
tional debt two things are essential: first, to
take care of our national credit; and second,
to put our securities at such a rate of interest
as will probably be accepted. I do not believe
that the true way for the United States to se-
cure a low rate of interest in the future is to
be constantly agitating upon the floor of Con-
gress and throughout the country the question
as to our obligation or ability to pay the debt
already created. Why, sir, it is with a nation
as with an individual; if you expect to borrow
money at a low rate you do not go upou
'Change to-day and express doubts as to
whether you will ultimately pay your debt,
and then to-morrow undertake to issue your
notes at a reduced rate of interest. Hence the
true course for the nation is the course that an
individual would take; first secure your na-
tional credit, and then you may borrow money
at a favorable rate compaj-ed with that paid by
any other nation.
I maintain, therefore, that the true policy of
the. country would bo, instead of introducing
questions here day after day which cause dis-
trust to the world us to our intention to pay
our debt, to give expressions of a contrary
character, and then when the world believes
in our good faith and intention we may expect
to borrow money at a lower rate of interest.
The true way to lighten the taxation which
now rests upon the people, the true way of
funding our national debt, is to give such ex-
pression through our national councils as will
assure the world that we mean to pay. Until
that is done the mere passage of this funding
bill or any other will never accomplish the
purpose, and it is simply, in my own judgment,
a waste of time to be discussing it here. We
must first establi h our credit and make the
world believe that we will pay our debts accord-
ing to the letter of the obligation.
Mr. PIKE. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BOTLER, of Massachusetts. X renew
it. I hope this bill will be considered as a
practicable measure. I believe it to be such,
and if a little care is taken to perfect it and
carry out what was evidently the intention of
the Committee of Ways and Means, I think it
may bo a solution for much of our financial
diiliculties as to the payment of too great in-
terest and taxation. I hope that this provision
of the Senate bill which provides several classes
of bonds will be stricken out. 1 do not want
to see but one kind of funded debt. We have
now nineteen different kinds of United States
interest-bearing securities, and nobody can tell
which is which, which is worth the most or the
least, except he employs some broker, and
then all he knows is what the broker says and
what he says may be with a view to making the
most money by selling or buying.
Now, I am in favor of but one class of secu-
rities, payable in forty or fifty years. Do not
have this proposed sliding scale, but bring
down the rate of interest to three and sixty-
five hundredths per cent. And in order to
make my amendment snore perfect I shall
propose to strike out the words '-other than
such income tax,"' so as to leave it a fifty-
year loan at three and sixty-five hundredths
per cent, without any tax whatever. I would
cut down the interest so that there shall be
40tii Cong. 2d Sess.— No. 262.
no occasion to tax that loan, hut, we shall
receive the tax in the increased value of our
loans. Then they will go abroad, because the
rate of interest will be certain and not liable
in any form to be changed.
Sir, let me tell you that exactly what the
people on the other side of the water are afraid
of is that our loan will be paid. They will
pay more to-day for a perpetual annuity at
four per cent, than for your twenty-year bonds
at six percent., or more than they will pay
i for forty-year bonds at five per cent. What
they want is permanency of investment. The
reason why your securities are not higher
to-day is the danger of their being paid. In
Europe there is no favorite security that is
ever expected to be paid. What people want
is permanent investment. Let them under-
stand that we agree to pay the interest at a low
rate, and they will take our fifty-year bonds at
three and sixty-five hundredths per cent, inter-
est, which is double the rate that money bears
in Hamburg and Frankfort. Give them that
kind of security, and I have no doubt, so far
as my own knowledge extends, these bonds
will be taken up.
I propose to move, when we come to the
amendment on the fourth page, that there shall
be an income tax of ten per cent, on all of our
present bonds that are not so funded, and
when we have got that on the one side, and a
loan of fifty years, with a certain rate of inter-
est on the other side, this funding bill will be
a working actual measure, which shall reduce
the burden of taxation.
I hope, therefore, while I renew the amend-
ment, as I have promised, that the committee's
rate of three and sixty-five hundredths will be
sustained, the Senate classes struck out, and
that we shall strike off all taxes whatever upon
the securities provided for in this bill.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,]
renewed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler.] I should be in favor of
retaining this at four per cent, if I supposed
that the bill would in its subsequent provisions
remain as it now stands, for this bill as it now
stands not only allows the income and interest
upon these bonds to be taxed by the United
States Government as incomes from other prop-
erty and interest upon other property is taxed,
but it leaves by implication, I fear, to the State
governments the right to insist upon taxing the
interest and income of these bonds. Now, if
the State governments are to have the right to
tax the incomes or interest of these bonds at
their pleasure, as I think the language ol' this
bill would clearly entitle them to do, and if, in
addition to that, the United States Govern-
ment is to tax the incomc and interest on these
bonds as it taxes income from other property
or interest derived from other sources, then I
fear that it will be necessary for us to put the
interest as high as four per cent, to induce any-
body to exchange the bonds now outstanding
for bonds of this form. 1 say 1 apprehend that
the bill as it now stands authorizes State taxa-
tion, so far as interest and income is concerned,
for this reason ; Ifind this language inthe bill:
Which said bonds shall bo exempt from taxation
in any form by or under Srate, municipal, or local
autlloiit>, and the same arid the interest thereon,
and the income theretrom, shall heexemtit from the
payment ot all taxes or duties to the United States,
other than such lneymctax as may be a^ested upon
other incomes.
Now, it is these words, "and the same and
the interest thereon and the income there-
from," so far as Federal taxation goes, which
lead me to suspect thai the States would have
a right to insitt on local taxation so far as
income and interest are concerned.
Now, I am in favor of striking out this whole
taxation by States for local purposes, whether
upon the piincipal or interest or income of
these bonds. I am in favor further of striking
out that provision of the bill which retains to
the Government of the United States the right
to tax the income or interest of these bonds
in order to bring the interest on these bonds
down to the lowest possible figure at which
capitalists will take the bonds.
Now, as this bill stands, it seems to me that
it authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
sell these bonds in market, realizing what he
can from them, and with the proceeds of the
bonds take up the outstanding bonds of the
United States as they exist at the present time,
because I find in the bill these words :
And the said bonds and the proceeds thereof shall
ue exclusively used for the redemption or payment,
at the option of the holder, or purchase of, or ex-
change for, an equal amount of any of the present
interest-bearing debt of the United States.
Now, I propose to make sundry amendments
to this part of the bill so as to leave to the
Secretary of the Treasury the power which
alone, as I understand the chairman of the
committee, the committee meant to intrust to
him, namely, the power to exchange these new
bonds for old ones dollar for dollar, or, iu other
words, to redeem old bonds with new bonds
dollar for dollar. Now, to do that, we must
put the interest down to the lowest possible
figure. We must offer such inducements as
will be sufficient to procure from capitalists
the taking of this loan to redeem the other.
I am, therefore, opposed to this amendment,
in favor of retaining the rate of interest pro-
posed by the committee, namely, three and
sixty-five hundredths per cent, per annum, in
favor of striking out all taxation, whether Fed-
eral, State, or local, whether upon principal,
interest and income, and in favor of prohibiting
the Secretary of the Treasury from making
any other disposition of these new bonds than
to exchange them directly dollar for dollar for
outstanding bonds.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I renew
the amendment to the amendment, for the
purpose of saying a word in regard to what
has fallen from members here. I am in favor
of a funding bill which shall reduce the interest
on our bonds. If no person shall choose to
fund under such a bill, no harm will be done;
if any person does choose to fund under it at
a lower rate of interest than we now pay, we
gain by it. Hence I am in favor of a bill of
this kind; whether this is exactly the right kind
of a bill or not I will not criticise, except that
I think it is a tolerably fair one.
I think, however, that the lowest rate oi
interest must be four per cent.; I do not think
you can get money cheaper than that. And I
will go further and say that 1 do not think, as
long as the five-twenty gold interest-bearing
bonds are outstanding, that anybody will ever
fund a dollar under this bill. Why should
they? But when those five-twenty bonds are
paid off, I have no doubt that large invest-
ments will be made both at home and abroad
in a loan of this character. I think, therefore,
that it is the duty of the Government, with the
gold which is accumulating iu its Treasury
every year, to expend at least half the amount
in redeeming the five-twenty bonds in advance
of their falling due. After they fall due then
no one can object to their redemption.
I understood the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Boss] who first spoke upon this subject
to say that he understood that our outstanding
bonds should be paid according to the prin-
ciple of the New York platform. What is that
platform ?
j Mr. ROSS. To pay the five-twenties in law-
j ful money.
| Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. You mean
| by " lawful money"- 
| Mr. ROSS. Greenbacks; that is your doc-
I trine and mine.
I Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hold
: to the Chicago platform, and, as I understand
' it, to the New York platform, upon these bonds,
; that these bonds shall be paid just according
i to the original contract.
j Mr. PIKE. According to the spirit and
i letter of the contract. ,
| Mr. FARNSWQRTH. According to the
I law.
