1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Blackstone alone, of the great commentators
on public law, adheres logically and closely to
the doctrine of '• perpetual allegiance." In
modern European polity the attempt to vindi-
cate or maintain it has in great part been aban-
doned or modified. Prussia alone maintains
in its co mpleteness.the duty of military service
and a consequent claim on the person owing
it. France, in the u Code Napoleon," recog-
nized in a large sense the right of expatriation,
r rench citizenship is forfeited by the assump-
tion of citizenship in another nationality or by
carrying arms therefor. A French woman
marrying an alien assumes the citizenship of
the husband"'s country. On becoming a widow
she can resume her rights as a Frenchwoman.
It is true that France claims military service,
but even in that she deals liberally with the
emigrant, though not as we desire it done.
The French courts have recently decided that
the expatriated Frenchman's term (if ho was
liable to military duty when he left) begins on
leaving and continues five years. If he returns
before that expires he is liable to conscription.
If after, be is not.
The British Government, of whose recent
outrageous acts we are now complaining so
justly, recognizes this natural right of expa-
triation. Its laws provide for the removal of
alienage and the assumption of British citizen-
ship by persons born on soil other than its
own, and owing that allegiancewhich, as Black-
stone declares, "is a principle of national law
that cannot be absolved even by swearing
allegiance to a foreign prince." In the dis-
cussion now going on the most enlightened
of its publicists and lawyers—able men like
Phillimore and Vernon Harcourt—fairly turn
into ridicule the English Lord Chief Baron's
revamping of Blackstone to suit thg avowed
purpose of "stamping out" the so-called
American side of Feuianism. When our coun-
trymen protested against sentence because of
the recognition of their American citizenship,
this judge said:
"That according to British law they who were
born under the allegiance of the liritish Crown can-
not, by an act of their own, or by the act of any other
country or Government, be absolved from their alle-
giance. It might be, he said, a calamity to persons
circumstanced as the prisoners at the bar appeared
to be, in accepting the privileges accorded by the
Government of anothei State. They did that which
created a conflict between two duties.*'
But the legal knowledge or logic of the
writers do not change the acts of the Govern-
ment, and as in 1848, when Ireland, the giant
upon whose breast England has piled an Etna
of oppression, turned in its uneasy sleep, and
in doing so threatened the oppressor—Amer-
ican citizens are again made to pay the penalty
of a too frank sympathy with a people from
whose generous veins so much of their best
blood is drawn. England's doctrine of per-
petual allegiance, a claim which is pronounced
by its very name a perpetual absurdity, is one
of those traditional pieces of cruelty which its
oligarchy always have at hand to justify acts of
cowardly brutality against any portion of its
subjects who may resist oppression or grow
uneasy under its "paternal" yoke.
Mr. Speaker, we are all agreed on the duty;
men of all shades of political opinion vie with
each other in declarations of sympathy with
the object sought by the bill before us. Let
me turn, then, to see whether it accomplishes
what is demanded. I start out, sir, as logical
deductions from my preceding argument, with
two propositions:
Firsl. That at home or abroad, under our
flag or a foreign one, the American citizen,
whether he be native born or naturalized, is
entitled to exactly the same rights and protec-
tion : the only exceptions being in the consti-
tutional provision relating to holding the two
offices I have already named.
Second. That as we protect and defend the
right of self-expatriation m other peoples-
growing as we do thereby in many elements o
material and political greatness—vvealso accord
it fully, perfectly, completely to our own citi-
I accept the logic of these propositions with-
out an "if, and, or but." They are democratic
in the universal sense. They lie at the very
foundation of human brotherhood, of that
"bringing together of the ends of the earth,"
the hope of which is the consummate flower of
our century. The question is whether the
present bill meets these requirements? To my
mind it does not. In the very opening words
Ifind language which is a virtual denial of the
rights of citizens such-as we are discussing.
On lines three and four it is said with regard
to naturalized citizens that they "while in for-
eign States shall be," &c. Why should the
word "shall" be inserted there? It certainly
implies that they hitherto have not been enti-
tled to the rights and protectioifhereby pro-
posed to be guarantied. If we were speaking
of native-born persons we .should not use this
language; nor do 1 see the propriety, in terms
like the first sentence, of discriminating between
naturalized and native-born citizens. It is to be
feared that some portion of the Know-Nothing
obligations once so life in the State which the
distinguished chairman in part represents, have
unconsciously filtered through the pen with
which this bill was written. W hy not, sir, make
a simple declaration—the stronger the better—
that all citizens of the United States while in
foreign States are entitled to and shall receive
from their Government all the protection in
person and property to which they are entitled
in such situation and circumstances ?
This, it seems to me, sir, is more full, more
direct, and far less invidious than the first por-
tion of the bill before us. Nor can I see the
necessity of empowering the President in this
spccial form " to employ all the resources of
the Government in just efforts," &c. The Ex-
ecutive has ample power under the Constitu-
tion to have initiated measures for the making
of treaties to rectify such wrongs as are now
being treated of, and no Congress has ever met
or is likely to meet in this Capitol which will
not at once respond to any just demands for
lawful power to carry out this great duty of a
Government—the protection of all its citizens.
I cannot see the necessity of making a special
provision for enlarging powers which, under
the Constitution, are ample enough. I object,
sir, altogether to the constant repetition of the
words " naturalized citizens." In this meas-
ure we propose to front foreign nations with
solemn enactment. In the eyes of the world
it is the Republic's imposing duty not to recog-
nize any difference in kind or degree of citizen-
ship. When a man becomes naturalized by his
own voluntary act he is in our eyes, in the face
of the law, and must be acknowledged by the
world, an American citizen—nothing more,
nothing less. Not naturalized or native born,
but an American citizen. All nations must be
made to acknowledge him in that light, and that
only. Our laws must not use words drawing
or recalling distinctions that may perhaps seem
invidious. American citizenship simply is our
individual and should be our national glory.
Again, the section I am considering contains
an elaborate proviso, setting forth that if our
citizens sojourning in foreign States shall com-
mit crimes against the laws thereof they shall
not be entitled to such protection as it is the
intent of this measure to insure. Why, sir,
have we been in the habit of protecting crimi-
nals? Is there anything in our diplomatic
intercourse which warrants a fear that we may
ever intervene for the safety of the law breaker ?
If not, why, then, are we to enact that we will
not do what we have never done and are not
likely to do?
Again, sir, we make an exception as to
"desertion from actual service in the Army or
Navy of such foreign State." This is a strange
clause. It seems to have been inserted to
afford some word-splitting secretary an oppor-
tunity of evading the issue we desire to make
with regard to the claim set up by Prussia.
There are instances in which we can all see
that, even in the case of actual deserters from
an intolerable tyranny and despotism, who
should have taken our citizenship upon them-
selves, we should be bound to defend them
abroad or be disgraced there and at home.
Why should we enumerate these and the other
special exceptions unless they were designed, as
I have before suggested, for the purpose of evad-
ing most important points which are directly
involved in this discussion ? Did we ever, does
any Government, sustain a man against whom
fraudulent naturalization is established or who
is a proved traitor thereto? To name such
cases seems to be folly. As for our renounc-
ing the rights of citizenship, that is logically
and most directly acknowledged by our accept-
ance of the principle of naturalization. It
follows that what we demand and maintain we
also accord. The last exception, relating to
five years' continuous residence abroad, is of a
piece with the others. It iggn attempt to fence
and narrow issues which may necessitate earn-
est work and service down to mere shadows
and abstractions that technical diplomacy may
discuss forever in protocols and dispatches as
smooth and as interminable as the volumes
which Mr. Seward sends forth appear to be.
My objections to the remaining sections of
the bill are as numerous as to the portion I
have examined. The second section is alto-
gether unnecessary, or at least it conveys
power which it is feared could be construed to
mean the right to declare or precipitate war by
the Executive. There is a constitutional ob-
jection to this: it is vested by the national
charter in the hands of Congress alone. If it
were not I certainly would not give to the
present Executive such power as could be
shown to exist herein by a supple Attorney
General and a facile Cabinet.
The third and fourth sections are open to
very many grave objections. Suppose a man
to have no property to be assessed at home.
Some might be so poor and yet be a true pa-
triot; might, by many circumstances, be com-
pelled to stay over the limited five years, at
the end of which he is to be denaturalized by
this bill; yet, at the same time, he might have
served the Republic gallantly, lost a limb in
its service, and be willing to again devote him-
self to its needs when he returns.
Again, sir, as to the proposition that a mail
serving "as an army or navy belligerent ia
any foreign war or service" should thereby
lose his American citizenship, so far as the
protection proposed by this measure is con-
cerned. Now, sir, perhaps this was intended
only to refer to the belligerents with whose
forces he serves or against whom he fights,
and not at all as to other nations. Let me
suppose a case: if this is intended in the
broad sense it appears to be used in this bill
the illustrious General Garibaldi was at one
time a naturalized citizen of this Republic.
We know how true and noble an admirer and
friend of it he is and has ever been? He left
here when, in 1848, Europe rose from " its lair
of slaves." He went to Italy and aided in
creating the Roman republic. He was de-
feated by French arms and left Italy, refusing
to surrender, as he might safely but ignobly
have done. Suppose, then, he had been seized
by some third Power and placed at the disposal
of France or Rome? If lie had then appealed
to the American Government (claiming his cit-
izenship) for protection against the act of the
treacherous third party, against whom he had
not acted the part of a belligerent, would he
not have been defended by the great Repub-
lic, of whose honors not the least is the fact
that it has enrolled the name of Garibaldi
among its citizens.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot sustain the bill in its
present shape. I do not think it attains what
it is designed for, and there seems too large a
list of special exceptions. I want a simple,
direct, but comprehensive declaration of our
duty to protect in every just right all our citi-
zens when residing in foreign States, and an
ample announcement of our 'determination to
so award that protection as that everywhere
the simple announcement, "lam an American
citizen," shall be as potent to shield "from out-
rage as was the .citizenship of ancient Rome to
cover every one of her children. Id mainte-
