2130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
the Union Pacific railroad was ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order at
the present time. The demand for the pre-
vious question, which is pending, prevents the
calling up of any other business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I give
notice that, if the previous question be seconded
and discussion cut off, I shall call up that
motion to reconsider at the first opportunity.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 59, noes 40.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Wasubcrne,
of Illinois, and Mr. Dodge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 63, noes 37.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On that
question I demand the yeas and nays. Let us
see who want to put a gag on the discussion
of this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 54, not voting
62; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Benton, Bingham, Boutwell, Broom-
all, Buckland, SidncyClarke, Covode,Dawes, Dixon,
Dodge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Perry, Fields,
Gravely, Griswold, Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hotehkiss,
Hulburd, Jenckes, Johnson, Judd, Julian, lvelley,
Laflin, Lincoln, Loan, Mallury, Marshall, MeCluiii,
McCormick, Miller, Moore, Moorheud, Morrell,
Mungen, Myers, Ncwcomb, Nicholson, O'Neill,
Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn,
Raum, Ross, Smith, Aaron F. Stevens, John Trim-
ble, Twichell, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Trump, William B. Washburn, Welker, James F.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Wood bridge—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bailey, Baker, Barnes,
Beatty, Bromwell, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Coburn,Cor-
nell, Cullom, Eggieston, Eldridge, Fox, Gctz. Gloss-
brenner.Golladay, Halsey, Holman, Hopkins, Chester
D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hunter, Ingcr-
soll, Kelsey, Kerr, Koontz, William Lawrence, May-
nard, Mcrcur, Mullins, Niblaelc, Orth, Paine, Per bam,
Pike, Sawyer, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Spalding, 'l'liad-
deus Stevens, Stone, Taber, Taffe, Taylor, Van A uk en,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Etiliu B. Wash-
burne, Thomas Williams, Windom.Wood, and Wood-
ward—54.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Bainum,
Beek, Benjamin, Blaine, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Butler,
Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eckley, Ela, Finney, Garfield, Grover,
Haight, Harding, Hawkins, Asaliel W. Hubbard,
Humphrey. Jones, Ketchain, Kitchen, Knott, George
V. Lawrence. Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Marvin,
McCarthy, McCulIough, Morgan, Morrissey, Nunn,
Peters, .Phelps, Pile, Randall, Robertson, Robinson,
Schenck, Scofield, Selye, Shellabarger, Starkweather,
Stewart, Stokes, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trim ble.Trow-
"bridge, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Henry D. Washburn, and William Williams—G2.
So the main question was ordered.
During the vote,
Mr. VAN WYCK stated that he was paired
with Mr. Lawrence, of Pennsylvania; other-
wise he would vote "no."
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I make the request that, under the
twenty-ninth rule of the House, the gentlemen
who are interested in the result of this ques-
tion may be permitted to withdraw their votes.
If it be proper I make that point now.
The SPEAKER. That point cannot be made
during a roll-call, as the gentleman from Indi-
ana is aware.
Mr. HOLMAN. Must it be made before the
roll-call?
The SPEAKER. It must. It cannot be
made while the roll-call continues, and the
roll-call continues until the Chair announces
the result. Otherwise there might be roll-calls
within roll-calls, the yeas and nays being or-
dered on the questions arising under the point
• of order.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The question recurred on the motion to reter
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays. . ,
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it in order to move
an amendment to the motion to refer ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the previous
question has been seconded and the main ques-
tion ordered.
Mr. PRICE. What reference does the gen-
tleman propose?
. Mr. INGERSOLL. The Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. PRICE. I do not object to its going to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 'WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
this vote shall be considered as a test vote on
this question; those in favor of the resolution
will vote 
Mr. PRICE. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now rise for the purpose
of asking the Clerk to read the twenty-ninth
rule of the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
"No member shall vote on any question in the event
of which he is immediately and particularly inter-
ested, or in any casewherc howas not wirhin tho bar
of tho House when the question was put."
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 83. nays 49, not voting
57 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Archer, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin, Banks,
Beaman, Beck, Benjamin, Bingham, Boutwell,
Broomall, Buckland, Cary, Chanler, Churchill, Sid-
ney Clarke, Covode, Dawes. Dixon, Dodge. Eliot,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Golladay, Gravely,
Griswold. Iligby, Hill, lJooper, Hotohki&s, Richard
Ij. Hubbard, ltulburd , Jonekes, Johnson Kelley,
Ketchain, Knott, Latlin, Lincoln, Loan, Mallory,
McClurg, McCormick. Miller, Moore, Morrell, Mun-
gen, Myers, Noweomb, Nicholson, O'Neill, Perham,
Phelps, Plants, Poland, Polslev, Pomcrov. Price,
Pruyn. Raum, Robertson, Ross, Smith, Aaron F.Ste-
vens, Thaddeus Stevens, John Ti miblc, Lawrence
S. Trimble. Twichell, "Upson, Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Trump, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, James F. Wil.-on, John X. Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—>::L
NAYS — Messrs. Bailey, Baker. Barnes. Beatty.
Bromwell, Burr, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Fox, Getz.
Glossbrcnner, llalsey, Holman, Hopkins, Chestei D.
Hubbard, Hunter, lngersoll, Judd, Julian, Kelsey,
Kerr, Koontz, William L.-iwrcnce, Loughridge, May-
nard, Mereur, Mullins, Niblaek, Oitii, Paine, Pike,
Pile, Sawyer, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stone,
Taber. Tall'e, Taylor, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ehhu B. Wash-
burne. Windom, Wood, and Woodward—49.
NOT VOTLNG—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Arnell,
Baniutn, Benton. Blaine, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, But-
ler, Cake. Reader W.Clarke,Cobb, Cornell, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela, Eldridge, Finney,
Garfield, Grover, llasght, Harding, Hawkins, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Jones. Kitchen,George V.
Lawrence, Jjogan, Lynch, Malshall, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, MeCtilloinxh, iMoorhend, Morgan, Moriissey.
Nuun, Peters, Randall, Robinson, Schenck, Sco~
lield. Solve, Shellabarger, Starkweather, Stewart,
Stokes, Thomas, Tiowbridge, Van Aernam, Van
Wyck, lleury D. Washburn, and William Wil-
liams—57.
So the joint resolution was referred to tho
Committee on the Pacilie Railroad.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which tho joint resolution was re-
ferred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM Till! PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, from the President
of the United States, was delivered to the
House by Colonel William G. Moore, his
Secretary.
report on mineral resources, etc.
Mr. LAFLIN. I report from the Committee
on Priuting the following :
Itesohrd, That there be printed for the use of the
House fifteen thousand three hundred copies of the
report of J. Ross Browne on the mineral resources.
AUo revolved, That there be printed for the use of
the Treasury Department five hundi ed copies of the
report of the commission on life-saving inventions.
Mr. Speaker, I did not intend to introduce
these two resolutions together, and while I
wish to demand the previous question I will
yield to any gentleman who wishes to be heard.
If I correctly understood the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] he
was disposed not to concur in the passage of
the resolution. Perhaps he would desire to
debate it. If any one desires to debate it I
will yield a portion of my time for that purpose,
simply remarking that, in my judgment, having
carefully read the previous report of J. Ross
Browne, and having to some extent examined
the manuscript of the report referred to in this
resolution, I can say that since I have occu-
pied my present position our committee has
reported no resolution calling for the printing
of extra copies which more fully meets my
approval.
If the House, in accordance with the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Illinois, shall
see fit to amend this resolution by striking
out "fifteen thousand," so as to leave it only
three hundred, I shall certainly receive that
as a most gratifying evidence of a decided
improvement on the part of the House in a
direction of which I shall endeavor to avail
myself in the future whenever we may hava
occasion to submit reports of other kinds. .But
I submit to any intelligent member of the House
that when we consider the vast importance of
the mineral wealth of the United States, the
large amount of money invested in their de-
velopment, and when we consider also the
ability, experience, candor, and integrity of
the gentleman making this report, it certainly
is not an extravagant number that is named in
this resolution, if there is any one book that
Congress publishes—I will not except even the
agricultural report—which, in my judgment,
will bring back to the Government a most
profitable return for this small investment, I
believe this report is of that character.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is needless for me to
add more, and unless some one chooses to
attack this report I will demand the previous
question.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. AVill the gentleman
yield to me five minutes?
Mr. LAFLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I do not rise, Mr.
Speaker, for the purpose of making any re-
marks against J. Ross Browne. He is an ele-
#gant and accomplished scholar and a most
rinteresting writer. But I desire to say to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Laflin] and
to members of this House that the report made
by Mr. Browne last year was incorrect, from
the title-page to the end, so far as it related
to the resources of Montana; and I desire to
state how he acquired his present statistics so
far as Montana is concerned. The agent of
Mr Browne, Dr. Blatchley, of New York, fur-
nished him with his facts, after a tour across
the continent of sixty days. Now, will any
man pretend to tell this House and the coun-
try that this Dr. Blatchley, passing across the
continent for sixty days only, could make a re-
port with any degree of accuracy in regard to '
the Territories of Montana, Idaho, Utah, Col-
orado, Washington, and the States of Oregon,
Nevada, and California, and their immense
resources, either mineral or agricultural?
Sir, 1 read this manuscript of Mr. Browne
in his roony and I told him he must know it
was not tnfe. There are at least fifty gulches
and, hundreds of mines in the Territory of
Montana that this man has never seen, as I
knoar from my personal knowledge, because
tliyfc are but few gulches in that Territory
t^t I have not myself visited. The report is
ot correct in regard to Montana, and the rea-
son why I object to the publication of it is
simply that no false statement should go out
to_ the people of the country with the sanction
of Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is im-
possible, Mr. Speaker, to hear the gentleman's
statements on this side of the House. Ii is
very important that we should know something
about this matter before we vote on it.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Mr. Speaker, the
other day when this report was recommitted to
the committee on my motion I thought that the
committee ought to have consulted gentlemen
who are acquainted with the Territory of Mon-
tana, such men, for instance, as Mr. Whitlock,
who lias been engaged in mining for the last
ten or twelve years, and is one of the most in-
telligent miners in the country. Major Cullen,
Mr. Hubbell, Mr. Bruce, Captain Huntley, and
other intelligent gentlemen now in this city,
who could have given the committee most valu-
