4178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. What
was that law? That bonds of acertain amount
should bearfive percent, interest in gold. Now,
up to the time that they fall due we must pay
them faithfully. After they fall due they are
payable in money, just as the gentleman under-
stands " money," just as 1 understand it, just
as we all understood it when we passed the
law authorizing that loan ; just as it was a
dozen times explained upon the floor by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
when called upon by gentlemen to explain
what it meant, and just as the whole House
agreed that it meant.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. O'NEILL obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I should
like to have one or two minutes more.
Mr. O'NEILL. I will yield to my colleague
for one or two minutes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I want
to say that if this loan was to be paid accord-
ing to the intimation of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. lioss;] if X knew that any party
in this country would go for paying in coin
that which is payable in money, thus enhanc-
ing it one half; if I knew there was such a
platform and such a determination this day on
the part of any party, I would vote for the
other side, Frank Blair and all. I would vote
for no such swindle upon the tax-payers of this
country ; I would vote for no such speculation
in favor of the large bondholders, the million-
aires, who took advantage of our folly in grant-
ing them coin payment of interest. And I
declare—well, it is hard to say it—but if even
Prank Blair stood upon the platform paying
the bonds according to the contract, and the
Republican candidates stood upon the platform
of paying bloated speculators twice the amount
which we agreed to pay them, then I would
vote for Frank Blair, even if a worse man than
Seymour headed the ticket. That is alll want
to say.
Mr. BOSS. The Democratic doors are still
open, and we will take the gentleman in.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill] has three min-
utes remaining.
Mr. O'NEILL. I would prefer to take the
floor at some other time, when I can have my
full five minutes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
withdraw my amendment to the amendment,
and my colleague [Mr. O'Neill] can renew it.
Mr. O'NEILL. I renew the amendment to
the amendment making the rate of interest
four per cent., but I am of the opinion that
four and a half per cent, would be better. I
think such a rate would accomplish what is
desired, and would attract the attention of the
creditors of the Government more readily to
the fact that we have funded our debt and
would make the capitalists holding large
amounts of our bonds more willing to sur-
render them and take those proposed to be
issued under the provisions of this bill.
The idea of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Bctler] is, as I understand, to fund
our debt at a low rate of interest, so that after
awhile if the bonds should not be brought to
the Treasury for cancellation and leissue a
penalty in the form of a tax may be imposed
upon them. I wish it to be distinctly under-
stood that I indorse no such idea which seems
to me but an indirect way of taxing the bonds.
Now, I am for consolidating our debt simply
that we may have one loan only, and I would
remind the committee and say to the country
that the funding of the outstanding bonds
not yet due must be a voluntary act on the
part of the creditor. This bill gives merely
a choice to those who hold the bonds. This
Government would not dare to say to its cred-
itors, " Your debt must be funded at such a
rate as we may fix." In most cases the large
capitalist would prefer a long loan, because
thus he would have the advantage of holding
a permanent security. It is not likely that
many, excepting the large capitalists of the
country, would take advantage of this funding
system.
Those of more limited means, the people
who held bonds to the amount of a few hun-
dred or a few thousand dollars, would not prob-
ably surrender them for securities at a smaller
rate of interest, because they have a longer
time to run. They will hold on until the bonds
become due, and they will expect the Govern-
ment to pay them principal and interest just
as was promised them, in coin or otherwise,
according to the conditions under which they
took them and understood them to be set forth
when they subscribed to them. We cannot
legislate to break the faith of the Government,
nor do the friends of this bill propose to do
any such thing. This funding system is en-
tirely voluntary, and while the capitalist with
his many thousands of dollars in bonds of the
United States may come forward and take the
consolidated loan at a low rate of interest, the
humblest citizen is not compelled to do the same,
nor can we, or do we intend to pass any law
that would put such an obligation upon either.
The funding or consolidating our loans is
not because the Government is unable to pay
the debt, principal and interest, dollar for dol-
lar as was promised. The only object of this
legislation being to offer an inducement to the
creditor of a long loan with less interest for
his shorter one with more interest. It is such
a financial measure as we should have upon
our statute-book, presenting a choice, and not
in any way requiring it to be made.
I think the amendment of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] who proposes four per
cent., is much better than the proposition of the
Committee of Ways and Means; but I am sure
we would subserve the interests of the Gov-
ernment and the people to a greater extent if
wo would fix the rate at four and a half upon
the consolidated loan, free of all taxation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] and the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Botler,] do
no more than justice to the Committee of Ways
and Means when they express their conviction
that the committee is in earnest about this bill,
and pressing what we are now considering as a
practical measure.
I believe, Mr. Chairman, we can consolidate
our public debt, beginning now and proceed-
ing more rapidly as time advances, at a rate of
interest as low as that proposed in this bill,
that is three and sixty-five hundredths.
I hope, therefore, no proposition to amend
by inserting four per cent, or four and a half
per cent., as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. O'Neill] has just now proposed will pre-
vail. Instead of raising the rate of interest,
if it be possible, add to the security of the
bond you offer; but let the interest remain low.
For instance, I have no objection instead of
being forty years, as proposed by the com-
mittee, if in the judgment of the House itwill
add t.o the bond in the market, to let it be fifty
or sixty years, and if the reservation of the
right to impose tax, even income tax on the
bond, reduces its probable value on the market,
take that oil' and say these bonds shall be
offered free from any tax, local or municipal,
State or Federal. My object is to consolidate'
the public debt of the country as other nations
have successfully done at a low rate of interest,
and thus relieve now, and still more and more
hereafter, as that consolidation shall become
complete, the people of this country from bur-
dens upon labor.
I do not think with my friend from New
York [Mr. Griswold] that we are wasting
time on these propositions or in considering
this bill. On the contrary, I think it is time
well employed. I do not expect any more
than the gentleman from Maine we shall at
once consolidate on the same terms on which
Great Britain has been able to do it.
Mr. GIUSWOLD. I did not say it was
wasting time. 1 said it would be unless we
took means first to preserve our credit.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was glad to be cor-
rected. I thought at the same time I must, have
misunderstood the gentleman from New York.
I do not expect any more than the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Pike] we shall be able to
consolidate our debt at a rate of interest so
low as Great Britain can put hers. 1 know
the advantage of old and populous Govern-
ments, with settled commercial habits, over
ours. We need not go abroad fi r an illustra-
tion of this. Why are loans made at so much
lower rate in the city of New York than in the
State of Illinois ? Just in proportion as popu-
lation is sparse, just in proportion as the com-
mercial habits are unsettled, is the rate of
interest higher.
But this Government is advancing to that
position of prosperity, founded upon its mul-
tifarious resources, that it ought to be able now
to begin to enter into competition with other
nations in getting whatever it needs upon its
credit, by the issuing of this security at as low
a rate as money can be furnished to other
nations.
I would therefore, as I say, instead of rais-
ing the rate of interest above three and sixty-
five hundredths per cent., prefer to accede to
any of the amendments which gentlemen have
suggested. Let it be understood that these
bonds are not to exceed in amount the actual
present indebtedness of the United States, or
its future indebtedness as the bonds are placed,
as represented by its outstanding securities ;
let it be understood that it is only an exchange
that is to be made of one kind of security for
the other; let it be understood that they are
to be exempt from all taxation whatever by
any authority whatever; let it be understood
that they are to run for a long time ; and then
I say that what will follow—at first perhaps
slowly, hesitatingly, but after a while with
more rapidity ana with more confidence on the
part of our creditors or those who are willing
to become such—will be that our bonds will
be taken. At this time I am assured from
undoubted authority derived from letters now
in this capital from responsible sources, that
men of character are ready to offer to take
large amounts of bonds at four per cent, inter-
est, provided they are secured in the manner
proposed by these guarantees.
What is the difficulty about the five-twenty
bonds? Suppose your law on the subject of
those bonds is perfectly clear, and that it in
terms provides not only that the interest shall
be payable in coin but the principal, also; does
any body pretend that any question would be
made in this country as to their payment? It
is only after all a question of construction, a
question of the eontem poraneous act ion through
the agents of the Government that has raised
any difficulty about them; But express clearly
in the law that the principal and interest at all
times are to be paid in coin and are to be free
from taxation, and the people of the world
will believe us; and I have too much faith in
the people and the Government of the United
States for one moment to doubt but that they
will prove they are entitled to be so believed
by keeping good faith to all.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Pike on striking out three and sixty-
five hundredths and inserting four; and there
were—ayes 42, noes 55 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. PIKE. I do not insist on tellers.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to strike out
three and sixty-five hundredths," and insert
four and a half." I do this for the purpose
of pressing upon the Committee of Ways and
a remark upon the general effect which
will be produced upon the finances of the coun-
try by a proposition of the sort we are now
considering. Our attention is pretty exclusively
directed to the rate of interest. If we were con-
sidering the question of a loan of $100,000,000
we might very well confine our attention to
tuat. subject. But in my judgment there are
more important relations which this subject
assumes when we are considering a measure
