1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
not
nance of that duty I am ready, sir, should it be
necessary, which God forbid, to vote the last
dollar in the Treasury, the last ship in the
ports, and the last man in the land.
Mr. BANKS obtained the floor.
Mr. PRUYN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. BANKS. For what purpose?
Mr. PRUYN. That I may ask of the House
leave to print some remarks which I had hoped
to have an opportunity to make. On a former
occasion I obtained the floor on this question
for the purpose of making one brief statement
only, but could not obtain it for anything
further. I understand that the chairman of
the committee [Mr. Banks] desires to bring
this question to a vote without farther discus-
sion. I therefore asjf permission of the House
to print, as part of the debates, what I had
desired to say on this subject.
There was no objection, and leave was
granted. [See Appendix.]
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the first business in order is the
consideration of the contested-election case
of Smith vs. Brown, from the State of Ken-
tucky, on which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] is entitled to the floor.
message from the president.
A message in writing from (he President
was communicated to the House, by Mr. W.
G. Moore, his Private Secretary, who also in-
formed the House that the President has
approved and signed a bill (H. R. No. 512)
in relation to taxing shares in national banks.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced to the House that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 92) for the relief of Israel S. Dielil, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. HUNTER, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to withdraw from the files
of the House papers in the case of Greenwood
Laflore, J. C. Harris, and others.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House papers
in the case of Mrs. Nancy M. Wilson.
sale of light-house sites.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, transmitting a letter
from the Light-House Board, relative to the sale
of such light-house sites as are no longer ne-
cessary ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
bingham's so rgb reliever.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House of the 27th ultimo, relative
to Bingham's surge reliever; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
boojl for territorial delegates.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will also lay
before the House a letter from the architect
of the Capitol, to whom the Chair referred a
resolution adopted yesterday by the House, pro-
viding for the assignment of a room for the
use of territorial Delegates.
The Clerk read as follows :
Akchitkct's Office, Oapitol Extension,
Washington, D. C„ February 11,1S6S.
Sib- In relation to the resolution of February 10,
1scs. calling upon the Speaker to assign a room for
the PcW-natcs from the Territories,which youreferred
to me, 1 have the liouor to state that there is no un-
occupied room in tlio House wing suitable lor the
purpose. The only rooms convenient to the House
wiiiis are those in the basement story of the center
building under tho old Kali of Representatives,
which are occupied principally for packing and stor-
ing documents. If other accommodations were made
for the documents, several of these rooms could be
fitted up for committees.
I respectfully suggest that the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds be directed to examine the
building, with the view to obtain more committee-
rooms, and to report what rooms can be made avail-
able for that purpose; and also to make such recom-
mendations as may be necessary to accomplish this
object.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWARD A. CLARK, Architect.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker House of Representatives.
Mr. WASHBUB.NE, of Illinois. I move
that this letter be referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
office of secretary of war.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a message from
the President of the United States, which was
read, as follows:
To the House of Iteprescntalives:
In compliance with the resolution adopted yester-
day by tho House of Representatives, requesting any
iurthercorrespondence the President" may have had
with General U. S. Grant, in addition to that hereto-
lore submitted, on the subject of the recent vacation
by the latter of the War Office," I transmit herewith
a copy of a communication addressed to General
Grant on the 10th instant, together with a copy of
the accompanying papers. J0nNg0N_
Washington, D. C., February 11,1868.
Executive Mansion, February 10,1868.
General: The extraordinary character of your let-
ter oi the 3d instant would seem to preclude any reply
on my part, but the manner in which publicity has
been given to the correspondence of which that let-
ter forms a part, and the giave questions whicn are
involved, induce me to take this mode of giving, as a
proper sequel to the communications which have
passed between us, the statements of the live mem-
bers of the Cabinet who were present on the occasion
of our conversation on the 14th ultimo. Copies of
the letters which they have addressed to me upon
the subject are accordingly herewith inclosed.
You speak of my letter of theolst ultimo as a reit-
eration of the " many and gross misrepresentations
contained m certain newspaper articles, and reas-
sert the correctness of the statements contained m
your communication of the 28th ultimo, adding—and
here I give your own words—"an> thine: in >ours in
reply to it to the contrary notwithstanding."
When a controversy upon matters of tact reaches
the point to which this has been brought fuither
assertion or denial between the immediate parties
should cease, especially where, upon either side, it
loses the character of the respectful discussion whicn
is required by tho relations in which the parties stand
to each other, and degenerates jn tone and temper.
In such a case, if there is nothing to rely upon but
the opposing statements, conclusions rau^t be drawn
from those statements alone, and from whatever in-
trinsic probabilities they allordin favor of or against
either of the parties. I should not bhrink from t ins
test in this controversy; but, fortunately, it is not iett
to this test alone. There were five Cabinet olnceis
present at the conversation, the detail ot which, in
my letter of the 28th ultimo, you allow yoursoli to
say, contains ''many and gross misrepresentations.
These gentlemen heard that conversation and nave
read ray statement.. They speak for themselves and
I leave the proof without a word of comment.
I deem it proper, before concluding this communi-
cation, to notice some of the statements contained m
your letter. . . ,
You say that a performance of the promises alleged
to have been made by you to the President ' would
have involved a resistance to law and sin mconMst-
ency with the whole history oi my connection witli
the suspension of Mr. Stanton." Y ou then state that
you had fears the President would, on the removal
of Mr. Stanton, appoint some one in his place who
would einbarra-s the Army in carrying out the re-
construction acts, and add: A1. ,T
"It was to prevent such au appointment that i ac-
cepted the office of Seeictaiy «>i \\ ar ad intei and
not for the purpose of enahbng you to get lid ot jlr.
Stanton by my withholding it irom him in opposi-
tion to law, or, not doing so mjselt, surrendcang it
to one who would, as the statements and assump-
tions in your communication plainly indicate was
S°ifrst' of all, you here admit that from the very
beginning ot what you term "the whole history" of
your connection with Mr. Stanton's suspension you
intended to circumvent the President. It was to carry
out that intent that you accepted the appointment.
This was in your mind at the time of your accept-
ance. It was not, then, in obedience to the oulerof
your superior, as has heretolore been supposed, tnat
you assumed the duties of the office. You knew it
was the President's purpose to prevent Mr. Stanton
from resuming the oiFicc of Secretary of W nr, and
you intended to defeat that purpose, l ou -accepted
the office,not in the interests the President, but oi
Mr. Stanton. If this purpose, so entertained by you,
had been confined to yourself; if, when accepting the
office, you had done so with a mental reservation to
frustrate the President,* it would liave been a tacit
deception. In tho ethics of some persons such a'
course is allowable; but you cannot stand even upon
that questionable ground. The ''history" of your
conncction with this transaction, as written by your-
self, places you in a different predicament, and shows
that you not only concealed your design from the
President, but induced him to suppose that you would
carry out his purpose to keep Mr. Stanton out of
office by retaining it yourself alter an attempted
restoration by the Senate, so as to require Mr. Stan-
ton to establish his right by judicial decision.
I now give that part ot this "history." as written
by yourself in your letter of the 28th ultimo:
"Some time after I assumed the duties of Secretary
of War ad interim tho President asked me my views
as to the course Mr. Stanton would have to pursue,
in case the Senate should not concur in his suspen-
sion, to obtain possession of his office. My reply was,
in substance, that Mr. Stanton would have to appeal
to the courts to reinstate him, illustrating my posi-
tion by citing the ground I had taken in the case of
the Baltimore police commissioners."
Now, at that time, as you admit in your letter of
the 3d instant, you held the office for the very ob-
ject of defeating an appeal to the courts. In that
letter you say that in accepting the office one motive
was to prevent the President irom appointing some
other person who would retain possession, and thus
make judicial proceedings necessary. You knewtho
President was unwilling to trust the office with any
one who would not, by holding it, compel Mr. Stan-
ton to resort to the courts. You perfectly understood
that in this interview, "some«timo." alter you accepted
the office, the President, not content with your silence,
desired an expression of your views, and you an-
swered him that, Mr. Stanton " would have to appeal
to the courts." If the President had reposed confi-
dence before he knew your views, and that confidence
had been violated, it might have been said he made
a mistake; but a violation of confidence reposed after
that conversation was no mistake oi his norof yours.
It is the fact only that needs be stated, that at tho
date of this conversation you did not intend to hold
the office with the purpose of forcing Mr. Stanton
into court, but did hold it then, and had accepted it
to prevent that course from being carried out. In
other words, you said to the President, " that is the
proper course," and you said to yourself, "I have
accepted this office, and now hold it, to defeat that
course." The excuse you make in a subsequent par-
agraph of that letter of the 2Sth ultimo, that after-
ward you changed your views as to what would be
a proper course, has nothing to do with the point
now under consideration. The point is, that before
you changed your views you had secretly determined
to do the very thing which at last you did—surrender
the office to Mr. Stanton. You may liavo changed
your views as to the law. but you cerLainly did not
change your views as to the course you had marked
out tor yourself from the beginning.
I will only notice one more statement in your let-
ter of the 3d instant—that the performance of the
promises which it is alleged were made by you would
have involved you in the resistance of law. I know
of no statute that would have been violated bad
you, carrying out your piomises in good faith, ten-
dered your resignation when you concluded not to be
made a party in any legal proceedings. You add:
"I am in a measure confirmed in this conclusion
by your recent orders directing mo to disobey orders
from the Secretary of War, my Miperior and your
subordinate, without having countermanded his au-
thority to issue the orders 1 am to disobey."
On the 24th ultimo you addressed a note, to the
President, requesting in writing an order given to
you verbally live days before, to disregard orders from
Mr. Stanton as Secretary of War until you "knew
from the President himself that they were his orders."
On the 29th, in compliance with your request, I did
give you instructions in writing "not to obey any
older from the War Department assumed to beissued
by the direction of the President, unless such order
is known by tho General commanding the armies of
the United* States to have been authorized by the
Executive."
There aio somefeorders which a Secretary of War
may issue without tho authority of tho President;
there are others which he issues simply as the agent
of the President, and which purport to be " by direc-
tion" oi the Piesident. Fur such ordeis the Presi-
dent is responsible, and heshould therefore know and
i; understand what they arc before giving such " dircc-
tion." Mr. Stanton states in his letter of the 4th
ji instant, which accompanies thepublishedcorrespond-
!'l once, that he "has had no correspondence with the
j; President since the 12th of August last;" and he fur-
t: ther says that since he resumed the duties pi the
f office lie has continued to discharge them " without
i! any personal or written communication with the
i Presidentand he adds, oiders have been
'' issued from this Department in tho name of the Pres-
ii ident with my knowledge, and I have received no
j1 orders irom him."
i It thus seems that Mr. Stanton now discharges the
15 duties of the War Department without anyreierence
j to the President, and without using his name. 4t
1 My order to jou had only reference to orders as-
sumed to be issued bythcdirectionpftchel resident.
It would appear Irom Mr. Stanton s letter that you
have received no such orders fiorn him. However,
in vour noto to tho President of the 30th ultimo, m
which you acknowledge tho receipt ot the written
order of the 29th, you spy that jou have been in-
formed by Mr. Stanton that he has not reeeivea any
• order limiting his authority to issue oiueis to the
i Army, according to the practice of the Department.
! and state that " while this authonty to the \V ar De-
j partment is not countermanded it willbo satisfactory
I evidence to me that any orders issued from the War
