1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41?9
involving a loan of from fifteen hundred to
two thousand million dollars, and that is the
permanent effect to be produced upon the busi-
ness and finances of the country.
I have submitted in printed form ail amend-
ment for the division of the loan into a foreign
and a domestic loan. In my judgment actual
resumption of specie payment is postponed
indefinitely, as an affirmative proposition, if a
measure of the sort now before the committee
prevails ; although if it be the judgment of the
committee I expect to vote for the proposition,
because in a matter of this sort I am inclined
to waive my own judgment to that of those
about me. But when you consider that this is
a proposition—as in my judgment it is—to
divide this loan between a foreign loan and a
circulating medium at home—tor I cannot
expect that in a reasonable period of time the
people of this country will permanently invest
their money in a security bearing three and a
half per cent, interest, but fifty dollar notes,
bearing interest at three and sixty-five hun-
dredths per cent, will pass as circulating me-
dium in this country—a loan at thatrate, if
our credit shall be established, as I trust it
will be, is a desirable loan abroad. So that
the effect of this measure, in my judgment, in
the run of years will be to force the indebted-
ness of the country, except what may be used
for purposes of circulating medium, into the
hands of foreigners, the first effect of which
will be to reduce the rate of gold premium
and of exchange, and put the people of the
country, not individually, but as a nation, in a
condition to make large purchases abroad.
That is my first objection to the general
policy of this bill; and I think it is a duty on
the part of Congress, in providing for new
loans, to devise, if possible, means by which
there shall be a domestic loan bearing such a
rate of inierest as will secuie investments here,
and provide for a foreign loan at so low a rate
of interest that it cannot ordinarily bo sold in
this country. If you provide a high rate of
interest on all your loan, you force it abroad
where money is worth less than it is here.
What- is the reason of the activity of bonds in
New York and Boston and Philade'phia to the
exclusion of the West? It is because capital
in the Eastis cheap as compared with the West,
and the bonds are driven out of the West to the
markets of the Bast. Capital is cheap in Lon-
don and Paris and Frankfort as compared wiih
New York and Boston and Philadelphia, and
the same process which has forced the bonds
out of the West into the East will force the
bonds out of the East into Great Britain and
upon the continent of Europe.
I am not desirous, for one, to bring about
that state of things. There are five or six
hundred millions of our securities owned
abroad. In my judgment, we ought to do
nothing to increase the amount owned abroad,
but to do what we can to secure the retention
abroad of the bonds now owned in foreign
countries. Consider if in 18C6 our banks had
been paying specie, andtherehad been a panic
in Europe, as there was growing out of the Prus-
sian and Austrian war, and thirty, forty, or fifty
millions had been demanded on the continent
of Europe for the exigencies of that occa-
sion, every bank in the country would have
suspended specie payment. By forcing the
loan abroad in great, amounts we take upon
the financial system of this conntry the panics,
apprehensions, and disasters of Great Britain
and the continent of Europe, and through the
financial channels controlled by Great Britain
the financial disasters of China and the East
Indies.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. MILLER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I am opposed to the change made by
the Committee of Ways and Means in this part
of the bill. It seems to me that the rate of
interest fixed by the Senate—four per cent.—is
low enough. It cannot be expected in this
country that bonds of this kind will be taken
at less than four per cent. With an assurance
that we will pay interest at four per cent., the
principal and interest to be paid in gold, and
that Congress will not be constantly attempt-
ing to tax the bonds after they have declared
by act of Congress they shall not be taxed, I
have no doubt we shall have the loan taken,
and I have no doubt that in that case the bonds
can be sold in Europe. I am in favor of strik-
ing out of this bill the taxation of these bonds
in any way. Neither the income or the inter-
est ought to be taxed. It ought to be distinctly
understood that they are to be clear of taxa-
tion, and then the people will understand the
value of the bonds.
I am in favor further of issuing perpetual
annuities, on the English system, at, a low rate
of interest, and then if we want to redeem
them we can go into the market and buy them.
That will give us credit in this country equal
to that of Europe. The bill, as reportedfrom
the Senate, proposes a rate sufficiently low.
If the amendment proposed by the Committee
of Ways and Means shall prevail, I do not
think it will avail anything, for I do not be-
lieve you can get people in this country to take
bonds at a lower rate of interest than four per
cent. That is the lowest rate at which you
can get the people to take these bonds, for in
this country money is worth more than that.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. DELANO. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. I suppose the members of
this Committee of the Whole have a common
desire, that is to consolidate and fund our
national debt at a lower rate of interest than
that which we are now paying and at the low-
est practicable rate. Now, supposing that is
the real purpose of persons here, wo ought to
endeavor to bring our minds to consider the
subject, so as, if possible, to arrive at the end
we aim at, or, if not, then at an end which
will make the nearest possible approximation
to it. That we are paying too much interest
now all concede ; that we should hereafter pay
less, all will assent to.
Now, how shall we reach the end wo desire?
First and foremost of all by preserving our
credit. Therefore, I consider him an enemy to
his country's welfare who in any way, directly
or indirectly, aims a blow at the ci'edit ot the
country. We have been at work saving the
life of the nation ; we are at work now to save
the faith and credit of the nation. Therefore
I disagree with all these efforts that, are made
looking to any measure of legislation that is
really an attack, or that will by tke public l)e
received as such attack, on the national faith
and the national credit. We must stand up to
our bargain, not only to the letter of it, but
we must live up to the spirit of it. It we do
not, then if we ever again call for loans of
money we shall not find a free people so willing
to devote their means to our use as they have
heretofore been. I say, therefore, that first
and foremost in this business of funding our
national debt at a low rate of interest, it is
our duty to see to it that in no way do we act
as to shake the confidence of men or nations
in our credit, in our fidelity to contracts.^ An
individual whose credit is gone as a business
man has lost everything, and a nation that has
lost her credit has lost what there is no com-
pensation on earth for. So much for that.
The next thing I want to consider as bear-
ing upon this question as tohow and in wiiat
way we shall accomplish this end of reduc-
ing the public debt, is this: we must offer to
our creditors something that they will take,
something that is practicable. lor if we otter
them a thing they will not take, and that the
world will justify them in refusing to take, we
have made no advance at all. Now, I fear
that the bill as amended by the Committee of
Ways and Means of the House will fail for the
reasons to which I have briefly alluded^; be-
cause it will not be accepted by the world and
by our creditors. I do not believe—and I
want to put in this negation here—I do not
believe that the Committee of "Ways and Mean's
concur with me in this, and that t&ey offerthis
as a fond and delusive thing; far from it, I
give them all credit for sincerity in this busi-
ness. I only express it as my idea and my
opinion that the rate of interest here proposed
will not fuud the national debt; we are not
plethoric of money in America, but we are
plethoric of undeveloped resources. We are
not like old nations that have existed for hun-
dreds of years with money and capital and re-
sources ; we -want capital here to develop the
immense resources in all the great West, to
build up the avenues of the nation, and we
must therefore offer a rate of interest that has
reference to this state of things. The time
may come when a three per cent, loan will be
taken; but that time has not arrived yet.
And I want to say in conclusion—for I see
by the tremulous movements of the hammer in
your hand, Mr. Chairman, that my time is
nearly out—that I prefer the Senate bill as
being more likely, in this respect, to be adopted
than the bill that has been reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means. I now with-
draw my amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Chairman, I renew the
amendment to the amendment. I agree with
the gentleman who has just taken his seat
[Mr. Delano] in preferring the bill as passed
by the Senate to the bill with the amendments
proposed here. In the first place, I think it
decidedly for the interest of the country to
confine its indebtedness as much as possible
within its own limits or to its own citizens.
This country, in my judgment, had better owe
$5,000,000,003 to its own citizens than one
half that sum to persons in foreign countries ; '
for, sir, the payment of interest on a foreign
debt draws out of the country the very life-
blood of our currency.
One objection which I have to the amend-
ment proposed as well as to the bill as passed
by the Senate is founded upon the clause reserv-
ing to the Government the right to impose on
these bonds an income tax. I should think
that the people of this country had had enough
of uncertainty with regard to the taxation of
bonds. If gentlemen desire that the money on
these bonds shall be obtained from foreign
countries, they must strike out the reservation
of the right to impose an income tax. With
an indefinite power of this kind reserved on
the part of the Government, we cannot count
on foreigners being induced to take these bonds.
They will not be able to tell the amount of the
tax which may be imposed.
I am aware that the question is still unsettled
among members of the House and Senate
whether we have the power to tax our foreign
creditors; different opinions are entertained on
this point. Some gentlemen honestly entertain
the opinion that we can tax foreigners holding
onr bonds, and they have so voted, while others
hold a contrary opinion.
Now, sir, it is the uncertainty with regard to
the taxation of these bonds that would prevent
their transfer to the hands of capitalists in for-
eign nations—the uncertainty as to how much
tax we may impose, and hence how much
income the holders may receive from their
investment. If the tax on these bonds be fixed
at a certain definite percentage, foreigners can
then understand whether they can afford to
invest their money upon the faith and integrity
of this Government; and if we make the rate
of interest at all reasonable they will be attracted
to invest their money in our securities.
It has been said, especially by the gentle-
man from Ohio, who last addressed the House,
that we cannot fund this debt of ours at the
low rate of interest proposed. In my judg-
ment, that is true. What is the rate of interest
in this country compared with the rate m for-
eign countries? and what is the price ot labor
in this country compared with the price ot
labor ill foreign countries ? We ? 11 |
that both the rate of interest and theprice of
labor range at a higher rate m this country
