1-868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
able information as to the wonderful resources
of this the youngest born of the Territories.
Or, without being egotistical, they might have
sent for myself or my friend from Idaho, [Mr.
Holbrook,] who knows the country from one
end to the other. We could have give them
such information as might have been of use in
reference to this report.
Mr. Browne can write elegantly and charm-
ingly. He can delight us with the "Land of
Thor," " Yusef," "The American Family in
Germany," and fascinating sketches of frontier
life, and pleasant tales, that certainly amuse,
and perhaps instruct, but it is equally certain
that statistics are not his forte. But, sir, when
the Congress of the United States asks for a
report upon the mineral resources of the coun-
try, they ought, at least, to have one that is
true. You know, Mr. Speaker, that the
mountains of Montana, of Colorado, of Utah,
of Idaho, and of Arizona are filled with gold
and silver. Rich jewels lie hidden in the
mountains—the heart of the continent—that
await only the busy hands of industry, aided
by capital, to be plucked from their dark
caverns and add to the world's wealth; but
we want no bogus report made in relation to
that country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAFLIN, Mr. Speaker, lam not here
to controvert any of the statements which
have been made to this House by the gentle-
man from Montana, [Mr. Cavanaugh.] How
far the author of this report has neglected to
notice any particular mines, to subserve or to
injure any private person's interests, I am uti-
able to say. But I do say, with perfect confi-
dence, that this is not the proper place in which
to assail the integrity of J. Ross Browne.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Will the gentleman
allow me to set myself right?
Mr. LAFLIN. I must decline to yield.
Anyone who reads the report presented by Mr.
J. Ross Browne last year must become satisfied
that if he did not render an honest and a candid
report then he has most ingeniously convinced
. the community that he did so. I think every
man who will examine that reportwill be satis-
fied that he has resisted all entreaties of inter-
ested miners and interested capitalists at the
expense of truth to publish the value of their
mines and increase the value of their property.
For my part, I think that he has rendered the
country an essential service, for which he de-
serves the thanks of this House and the thanks
of the country ; and I think, too, that if many
of the capitalists of this country had read that
report four years ago many of them would
have been much richer, if not much wiser,
than they are now. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Nevada for ten minutes.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. If I understand
the purport of the objection made against this
report by the gentleman from Montana, [Mr.
Cavanaugh.] it is that it is not laudatory
enough of Montana, and perhaps of Idaho. 1.
sir, consider, and so will every thinking man,
that the best recommendation of that report is
that Mr. Browne has not allowed himself to be
carried away by the flattering accounts of en-
thusiasts, but that so far as the report does go
it is at least true, and can be relied upon.
Mr. HOLBROOK. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Yes ; if it is a
short one.
Mr. HOLBROOK. I would ask the gentle-
man if he does not know that four fifths of the
report is taken up with the description of mines
in his own State, and more particularly of one
mine—the Comstock ledge ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Mines deserve
attention according to their magnitude, and if
the Comstock ledge is described more exten-
sively than any other in this report it is because
it furnishes more than any twenty other mines
in this whole country. It has furnished
$80,000,000 within the last six or seven years,
and when they can show any other mines that
are equal to that they may justly make com-
plaint if it is not noticed as exten sively as this
one.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. How many million
dollars have the gold mines of Montana yielded
in the last three years?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I will answgr
that question dfreetly. That is the objection
against j. Ross Browne's report. Now, then,
that objection has little weight unless there be
intentional and known mistakes made. The
gentlemen who have asked me questions—the
gentlemen from Montana and Idaho—have
been to the room of Mr. Browne and have ex-
amined his report more extensively than I have,
and I know, and so do they, that he has said
to them, " I cannot take your statements simply,
unless you bring me some proof that you have
produced more gold and silver than is stated in
my report."
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I desire to correct
that statement here and now ; so far as I am
concerned, J. Ross Browne never said any such
thing to me.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I do not care
what the gentleman contradicts. Mr. Browne
said that in his room and said it to the gentle-
man.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I deny that he said
any such thing to me.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. With the amount
of compensation allowed him, and in the time
which he had to prepare the volume, he could
not travel all through that country from Lower
California to the verge of Montana. He had
to rely upon the vouchprs of the shipments
of gold and silver through express offices, and
upon the statements of the most scientific
writers that could be found in the different
localities, as to the features of their particular
localities.
I have sought the floor on this occasion
more particularly on account of the attack
made upon Dr. Blatchley, in connection with
his report upon Montana. Now, I have known
Dr. Blatchley for many years. I know that
for fourteen or fifteen years he has devoted
his time and attention almost exclusively to
mining subjects in connection with the Pacific
coast regions. I know, further, that in the
various vicissitudes and exigencies that have
arisen in the various portions of Montana, lie
is recognized to be as capable and expert a
mineralogist as they have had there ; not ex-
cepting even the noted individuals who have
been sent from this coast as professors upon the
subject. Although those professors might have
been well read in books, they were not more so
than is Dr. Blatchley; and they were woefully
deficient in that experience which he has ac-
quired, pick in hand, among those mountains.
Now, I venture to say, that although his re-
port may not do Montana full justice—and I
doubt whether it does—I claim that it contains
all that he could be sure was correct. Now,
if the gentleman from Montana [Mr. Cata-
xaugh] could have proved by the shipping
lists of the express offices that more metals
had left Montana than was reported in that
book, itwould willingly have been incorporated
there.
I have no doubt that as gold can be trans-
ported more easily than the same value of
silver, much has been taken away from Mon-
tana which does not appear upon the lists of
shipments. But the writer of books—the man
who writes reports—must be relied upon as
worthy of our consideration, even if he does
not tell all that has been carried out in that
way, if he tells the truth in all the respects
about which he could inform himself.
Now, in this case, Mr. Browne has put in
his book only what can be relied upon ; that
information which has been acquired from the
sources to which I have referred, so that this
Congress and the people to whom this book
will be distributed can know that it is true to
that extent, and that probably the full truth
has not been reached. That is just the merit
of this report.
I rise simply to vindicate this report, more !
especially than the other, by saying that there
has been an attempt made in it to strike out
the laudatory expressions, so as to rely simply
upon the statements and facts he has been able
to gather. 1* or that reason this report deserves
a consideration which it would not be entitled
to if it indulged in high-sounding terms and
statements.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Will the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Laflin] yield to me for
two minutes?
Mr. LAFLIN. I feel as though I would be
trespassing upon the patience of the House
if I should allow this debate to go on. But I
will yield to the gentleman from Montana [Mr.
Cavanaugh] for two minutes.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Say five.minutes.
Mr. LAFLIN. Very well, five minutes;
and after that I will yield to the gentleman
from Idaho [Mr. Holbrook] for five minutes.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I now desire to deal
frankly and fairly by the House; I desire to
deal frankly and fairly by this report; I intend
to deal honestly and justly by Mr. J. Ross
Browne. Personally there is not a man in the
country whom I respect more, as an author or
a gentleman, than Mr. Browne. But when
my friend from Nevada [Mr. Ashley] pro-
nounces a eulogy on Dr. Blatchley and his
report. I will say that he must have reference
to the report on Nevada, and not the report
on Montana. Sir, he remained in Montana
only three weeks, and I say here, and I chal-
lenge contradiction, that he never examined a
mine in that Territory during all the time he
was there. He may have used a pick and
shovel in Nevada and California—and so have
thousands of equally intelligent gentlemen—in
every mining company in the Territories. But
we are seeking after the truth, and I repeat
that, so far as Montana Territory is concerned,
that report is not true. I am not here for the
purpose of making a stump speech in behalf
of my Territory nor in behalf of the West.
But when the Congress of the United States
orders fifteen thousand copies of a certain re-
port it should know that the report is true.
Now, sir, one word in reply to the remark of
the gentleman from Nevada, [Mr. Ashley,]
that t went to J. Ross Browne's room, and that
he made the statement reported by the gentle-
man. I went to the room of J. Ross Browne,
it is true, but at his request. Knowing from
my own personal knowledge that his report of
the year previous was false from the title-page
to the conclusion in reference to my Terri-
tory, I read his report, stating to him wherein
he was wrong. He was obliged to confess that
his information as to the resources of Montana
was obtained from Dr. Blatchley. Perhaps Mr.
Bj-owne is not to blame, but I do know that
this man Blatchley spent most of his time in the
saloons, on the streets, and not in the mines of
that Territory.
When the gentleman from Nevada speaks of
the Comstock lode sending to the States so
many millions within the last six years, I ask
him how many millions Montana has added to
the nation's wealth? Why, sir, even J. Ross
Browne himself has been forced, though re-
luctantly, to admit in his report that we sent to
the States 365,000,000 within the last three
years. The manifests of your steamers sailing
from California show millions and millions of
shipments annually. Where do they come
from ? They come from Idaho and Montana,
from Oregon, from the northern mines. Be-
cause ourmerchantsand the merchants of Ore-
gon and of Washington Territory trade with
San Francisco our gold is shipped to the East
by way of San Francisco, and that city and
State obtain credit thereby which rightfully
belongs to Montana.
Mr. J. Ross Browne says in this report that
our Territory has produced $12,000,000 the
present year. If he had been correctly in-
formed he must have known that we produced
over twenty millions. I am not here, Mr.
Speaker, to advertise Montana, her mines, or
