1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3155
not avoid that conclusion; and, although I
should be very glad to find an alternative cor-
rective of the grievance complained of, I can-
not vote cither for the inflation or .for the
transmutation of $20,000,000 which bear no
interest into $20,000,000 bearing oppressive
and extravagant interest.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, there is
one view only, and that I wish to present in
connection with the views presented so very
clearly by the Senator from Vermont and the
Senator from NewYork in regard to this mat-
ter; a view that neither of them has taken,
and that, when presented, I think presents the
whole ease. This bill does not seek to inflate
the currency nor to diminish the currency ; it
does not propose to affect the currency ques-
tion. The Senate has directed us substantially
not to interfere with the currency, either by an
increase or a diminution; but still there is one
evil that must be rectified, which is so palpa-
ble that every man can see it. It is made a
political question as well as a financial ques-
tion. That is that the present circulation of
the banks in this country is grossly and improp-
erly distributed. I can give the reason for it,
if necessary; it is owing to a misconstruction
of the act. 1 agree with the Senator from New
York that it grew out of a misconstruction of
the act by the Comptroller of the Currency,
but I do not wish to find any fault now. The
fact exists; it is so palpable and so gross that
every man can see it without knowing the dif-
ference between two and four. In some of the
States they have seventy-seven dollars in cir-
culation for each inhabitant; in others sixty
dollars ; in others fifty dollars ; in others forty
dollars ; and in others thirty dollars; while in
some of the States they have only twenty-five
cents for each inhabitant.
The Senator from Vermont triumphantly
says, " Why did not these States come forward
and get their circulation when they could ;
New England did it, and New England there-
fore ought to retain what she has." The
answer is palpable. Take the State of Mis-
souri : Missouri was threatened by guerrillas,
and no man of ordinary prudence would start
a bank there at the time this banking circula-
tion was absorbed; and the result was that
Missouri, a powerful State with a large city
within her limits, the city of St. Louis being
larger now than any city in all New England,
has no banking circulation of any account.
That is so gross and palpable as to present a
case where every Senator would say that State
ought to have the benefit of this circulation if
it is of any benefit whatever. So in regard to
Kentucky : Kentucky was more or less threat-
ened during the whole war; and although
Louisville was never occupied by the rebels,
it was so threatened that no prudent man would
embark there in banking capital, which requires
safety above all other pursuits. The result is
that Kentucky has no circulation, and so of
every rebel State. Your law was passed when
it was not in the power of any one to start
Rational banks in those States. They are with-
out them. They are now being restored to
their former places in the Union; they arc
about to have Senators and Representatives on
these floors. They have cities; they have
commerce; they furnish cotton; they furnish
the basis of a large and profitable commerce
and manufacturing operations. It is necessary
to have currency to move their crops. Is it
not right that they should have some? They
have none now.
The inequality of the distribution of the
banking circulation is so palpable that no Sen-
ator can overlook it. How shall that be cor-
rected? If I wanted to make this a matter of
sectional feeling I would say at once New
England ought to give from her excess what is
wanted. The Comptroller of the Currency says
$20,000,000 will be sufficient to satisfy the
reasonable demandsfor currency of these States,
for a time at least, until the question can be
treated in a broader and more statesmanlike
view. He says that with fifteen or twenty mil-
lion dollars he could satisfy all the reasonable
demands of the southern States at present, and
he asks us to authorize him to issue circulation
to that amount to the South. But where shall
we get it?
The amount limited by law, $300,000,000, is
already reached. Shall we issue new circula-
tion beyond $20,000,000. If so, wc encounter
the opposition of those opposed to any increase
of circulation. Shall we take from those who,
without authority of law, now possess more
than their share by a misconstruction of the
act as we claim? If we take the first proposi-
tion and increase by $20,000,000, how much
is that? Only six per cent, of the present
amount of bank circulation, or only three per
cent, of the aggregate circulation of the coun-
try. It is therefore a very small amount. But
the limit of $300,000,000 was fixed when in.
the midst of war, when in no one of the rebel
States could you circulate a single dollar of
your greenbacks or national bank notes. Since
that limit-was fixed our population has increased
about fourteen per cent', according to the ratio
of increase. We have added to our governed
population over ten million people that had
none of this circulation when you fixed the
limit, and since that time oar wealth has largely
increased. Several of our western States have
more than doubled since 18G0 when the census
was taken on the basis of which the apportion-
ment was made.
Is it, therefore, unreasonable now, five years
after this limit was fixed, to propose an increase
of $20,000,000, which is only a trifling per-
centage of increase? We thought not. On
the other hand, if we attempt to tamper with
the banks already, in existence, we incur a
formidable opposition. I introduced a propo-
sition some years ago to withdraw from Con-
necticut, Rhode Island, and Massachusetts,
a portion of their banking circulation. Their
Senators very properly said: " We took this
circulation at your request; we adopted your
banking system; we surrendered our own;
we did it in good faith ; is it right or fair now
for you to withdraw a portion of our circula-
tion when we accepted your banking system?"
My answer was: " Although you have your
circulation, upon, I think, an erroneous con-
struction of the law, yet your people did it in
good faith and have based their operations
upon it; therefore it would be hard, to say the
least, to withdraw from these three States that
have an excess of circulation, $20,000,000."
These States have an excess of over twice
their share of $60,000,000 — $o9,573,837 —
based upon population. If you allow these
States twice their share on account of their
wealth, their being old States, and having an
old banking circulation, allowing them that to
make them equal, then they have $00,000,000
more than their share. If there was a way by
which $20,000,000 of this circulation could be
withdrawn from them and given to the other
States I should be very glad to do it; but, sir,
I say it is impracticable.
Several bills have been introduced and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance proposing
this equalization of circulation, but none of
them have been satisfactory. None of them
could be adopted without doing injury to local
interests that have accepted your banking sys-
tem in good faith ; and, therefore, as the lesser
of two evils we propose to add $20,000,000 to
the aggregate of circulation. Some Senators
are disposed to exaggerate the evils of inflated
paper money. Why, sir, our paper is far less
inflated now than it was two or three years ago.
Wehadat onetime $-150,000,000 of greenbacks
at the same time when we had $300,000,000 of
bank currency; and we had, besides, compound
interest notes and various forms of floating in-
debtedness which now are all paid off. We
have no circulation and nothing that enters
into circulation except greenbacks, bank circu-
lation, and three per cent, certificates, which
can only beheld by batiks. So that that which
forms the circulation of the country has been
vastly diminished until a demand has come to
us rather to increase than to diminish; and we
dare not now in face of the popular opinion
reduce the volume of our greenbacks or our
national bank currency. We dare not, I say,
in fair obedience to the popular will which
governs Senates as well as everybody else.
Why, therefore, this persistent objection to
a small increase of circulation which will only
present local advantages and local facilities to
communities that never had the benefit of the
system at all, either of greenbacks or of banks.
If you could issue $20,000,000 of greenbacks
and distribute them over the South, that might
be fair. It would give us $20,000,000 without
interest; but you cannot do that. -Greenbacks
have no local habitation and no local name.
But when you establish local banks in a com-
munity, say in the city of Mobile, you give to
that city the local advantage of banking circu-
lation, you give_ it the local advantage of bank-
ing capital, and the merchants have more or
less of the benefits of that local circulation and
local capital at the seasons when it is necessary
to move the crops.
I say, then, that the conclusion to which the
committee arrived, to give this little addition,
to bo distributed as far as may be among those
States that have the least, I think is the fairest
solution of this matter until the great questiou
can be settled oil a mure .comprehensive basis.
So far as my constituents are concerned, this
bill does not affect them at all. We have about
our share of circulation. We have no cause,
to complain. We are perfectly satisfied with
it. But the relief proposed by this bill will go
to the States of the West and South that are
now severely pressed by the results of the war
and that need this little aid to support them
on the revival of trade and commerce, and to
give a little impetus to reviving industry.
Mr. STEWART. I should lilft to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Finance
whether the first section .of the bill, by cor-
recting the abuse, which undoubtedly is an
abuse, of using the reserve, will not have a tend-
ency practically to produce contraction to some
extent?
Mr. SHERMAN. That will not affect this
question, because, as a matter of course, these
banks will be chartered where there are no
banks now.
Mr. STEWART. Will it not affect the ag-
gregate amount of circulation ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. The only
question is whether the circulation shall be
kept at home and lent at home, or whether it
shall be sent to New York and lent at New
York. The first section applies to a different
state of facts entirely.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the
Senatorfrom New York [Mr. ConklingJ seems
to advocate a very desirable state of things,
which is a return to specie payments at some
day or other, and as early a day as possible;
and at the same time he has pointed out cer-
tain difficulties which would follow from the
course proposed by the committed, even with
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Vermont. He has shown that by it we either
do increase, or do not reduce, our interest
account. It is certainly very desirable to re-
duce it if we can, and surely we ought not
to increase by an}7 means if we can avoid it.
But I failed to perceive in his argument that
he proposed any remedy whatever for what is
said to be the difficulty that this proposed issue
of $20,000,000 is designed to remedy. He left
that question untouched. ,
The question before the Senate, as I under-
stand it, is whether or not the condition of
affairs in some of the States is such as abso-
' lutely to requiie an increase of their local cir-
culation, and as that increase ot the local cir-
culation cannot be had under the present*
amount fixed by law, whether it is desirable
to increase that amount to a certain extent?
My friend from Vermont says it may be desir-
able to do it, but at the same timeyou rausfc
not increase at all th® total circulation; that
is already sufficiently inflated ; and therefore
he proposes that j,ust in proportioa as yaa
increase the banking circulation you sft&li
diminish and caateQt the national circulaUoa
