rati CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
made by the direction of tie President," iStil you
have referred it to him for his asprovaj. Xou reply
that yoa have received-the President's order, and
will not ooey it, but will ©bey an order purporting
to be given by his direction, if it comes from the War
Department. You will no.t obey the direct order of
the President, but will obey his indirect order. If
as you say.there has beep a practice in the War De-
partment to issue orders in the nam® of the Presi-
vSS w. direction, does not the PTeeise order
S?8 ^ and have received change the
practice as to the General of the Army ? Could not
the President countermand any such order issued to
you from the War Department? If you should re-
ceive an order from that Department issued in the
name of the President to do a special act and an order
directly from the President himself not to do the act
is there a doubt which you are to obey ? Yoa answer
the question when you say to the President, in your
letter of the 3d instant, the Secretary of War is "my
superior and your subordinate," and yet you refuse
obedience to thesuperioroufc of deference to the sub-
ordinate.
Without further comment upon the insubordinate
attitude which you have assumed I am at a loss to
know how you can relieve yourself from obedience
to the orders of the President, who is made by the
Constitution the Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy, and is therefore the official superior as
well of the General of the Army as of the Secretary
of War.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
General U. S. Gk vnt, Commanding Armies of the Uni-
ted Slates^ Washington, 1). G.
Copy of letter addremed to each of the members of the
Cabinet present at the conversation between the Presi-
dent ana General Grant on the 14*A of January, 1868.
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., February 5,1868.
Sir: The Chronicle of this morning contains a
correspondence between the President and General
Grant, reportedfrom the War Department, in answer
to a resolution of the House of Representatives. I
beg to call your attention to that correspondence,
and especially to that part of it which refers to the
conversation between the President and General
Grant, at the Cabinet meeting on Tuesday, the 14th
of January, and to request you to state what was
said in that conversation.
Very respectfully, yours,
andrew johnson.
Washington, D. C., February 5,1868.
Sir: Tour note of this date was handed to me this
evening. My lceollectiou of the conversation at the
Cabinet meeting on Tuesday, the 14th of January,
corresponds with your statement of it in the letter
of the 31st ultimo, in the published correspondence.
The three points specified in that letter, giving your
recollection of the conversation, are correctly stated.
Very respectfully, GIDEON WELLES.
To the President.
Teeasury Department, February 6,18G8.
SiR: I have received your note of the 5th instant,
calling my attention to the correspondence between
yourself and General Grant, as published in the
Chronicle of yesterday, especially to that part of it
which relates to what occurred at the Cabinet meet-
ing on Tuesday, the 14th ultimo, and requesting ua*
to statewhat was said in theconversation referred to.
I cannot undertake to state the precise language
used, but I have no hesitation in saying that your
account of that conversation, as given in your ietter
to General Grant under date of the 31st ultimo, sub-
stantially and in all important particulars accords
with my recollection of it.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
hugh Mcculloch.
The President. d
Post Office Department,
Washington, February 6,18(38.
Sir: I am in rpceipt of your letter of the 5th Feb-
ruarv, calling ray attention to the correspondence
published in the Chronicle between the President
and General Grant, and especially to that part of jt
which refers to the conversation between the Presi-
dent and General Grant at the Cabinet meeting on
Tuesday, the 14th of January, with a request that 1
state what was said in that conversation.
In reply, I have the honor to state that 1 have read
carefully the correspondence in question, and par-
ticularly the letter of the President to General Grant,
dated January 31,1868. The following extract from
your letter of the 3lst January to General Grant is,
according to mv recollection, a correct statement or
the conversation that took place between the Presi-
dent and General Grant at the Cabinet meeting on
the 14th of January last. In the presence of the
Cabinet the President askedOencraiI Grant whether,
in conversation which took place alter his appoint-
ment as Secretary of W ar ad tnjertm.he did not agree
either to remain at the head ot the ar Depai tment
and abide any judicial proceedings that might follow
the non-concurrence by the Senate in Mr. btanton s
suspension, or, should lie wish not to become in-
volved in such a controversy, to put the President
in the same position with respect to the ornce as ne
occupied previous to General Grants appointment
by returning it to the President in time to anticipate
such action by the Senate-." This General Grant
admitted.
The President then asked General Grant if, at the
conference on the prccGding Saturday, ho had not,
to avoid misunderstanding, requested General Grant
to statewhat he intended to do; and further, if in
reply to that inquiry ho (General Grant) had not re-
ferred to their former conversations, saying that from
them the President understood his position, and that
his (General Grant's) action wouldhe consistent with
the understanding which had been reached. To these
Questions General Grant replied in the affirmative.
The President asked Geneial Grant if, at the con-
clusion of their interview on Saturday, it was not
understood that they were to have another confer-
ence on Monday, "before final action by the Senate in
the ease of Mr. Stanton.
General Grant replied that such was the under-
standing, but that he did notsupposo theSenate would
act so soon; that on Monday he had been engaged
in a conference with General Sherman, and was oc-
cupied with "many little matters,"and asked if Gen-
eral Sherman had not called on that day.
I take this mode of complying with the request
containedin the President's letter to me,because my
attention hadheen called to the subject before, when
tho conversation between the President and General
Grant was under consideration.
Yory respectfully, your obedient servant,
ALEXANDER W. RANDALL,
Postmaster General.
To tho President.
Department of tiie Interior,
Washington, D. C., February 6,1868.
Sir: I am in receipt of yours of yesterday, calling
iny attention to a correspondence between yourself
and General Grant, published in the Chronicle news-
paper, and especially to that part of said correspond-
ence "which refers to theconversation between tho
President and General Grant at the Cabinet meeting
on Tuesday, the 14th of January," and requesting me
"to state what was said in that conversation.''
In reply, I submit tho following statement: at the
Cabinet meeting on Tuesday, the lkh of January,
1868, General Grant appeared and took his accus-
tomed scat at the board. Wlienhe had beenreached
in the order of business tho President asked him, as
usual, if he had anything to present?
in reply, the General, alter referring to a note which
lie had that morning addressed to the President, in-
closing a copy of the resolution of tho Senate refusing
to concur in the reasons for tho suspension of Mr.
Stanton, proceeded to say that ho regarded his duties
as Secretary of WaradmteriHitermiuatedby that res-
olution, and that he could not lawfully exercise such
duties tor a momentafter the adoption of the resolu-
tion by the Senate. That the resolution reached him
last night, and that this morning ho had gone to the
War Department, entered the Secretary's room, bolted
one door on tho inside, locked tho other on the out-
side, delivered tho key to the Adjutant General, and
proceeded to tho headquarters of the Army, and ad-
dressed the note above mentioned to the President,
infoiming him that he (GeneralGrant) was no longer
Secretary of War ad interim.
The President expressed great surprise at the
course which General Grant had thought proper to
pursue, and, addressing himself to the Geneial, pro-
ceeded to say, in substance, that he had anticipated
sueh action on tho pait of the Senate, and being
very desirous to havo the constitutionality of the
tenure-of-ofiicc bill tested, and his right to suspend
or remove a membor of tho Cabinet decided by
the judicial tribunals of the country, he had1 some
time ago, and shortly after General Grant's appoint-
ment as Secretary of War ad intei'im, asked the Gen-
eral what his action would be in tho event that the
Senate should refuse to concur in the suspension of
Mr. Stanton, and that the General had then agreed
cither to remain at the head of the War Department
till a decision could be obtained from the court or
lesign the office into the hands of the President be-
fore the case was acted upon by the Senate, so as to
place the President in the same situation ho occu-
pied at tho time of his (Grant's) appointment.
The President further said that tho conversation
was renewed on the preceding Saturday, at which
time he asked the General what ho intended to do if
the Senate should undertake to reinstate Mr. Stan-
ton, in reply to which tho General referred to their
former conversation upon the same subject, and said,
"You understand ray position, and my conduct will
bcconformablo to that understanding;" that ho (the
General) then expressed a repugnance to being made
a party to a judicial proceeding, saying that he would
expose himself to line and imprisonment by doing
so, as his continuing to discharge the duties of Sec-
retary of War ad interim, after tho Senate should
have refused to concur m the suspension of Mr. Stan-
ton would be a violation of tho tenure-of-olfioo bill.
That inreply to this he(thePrc-sident)informcd Gen-
eral Grant ho had not suspended Mr. Stanton under
the tenure-of-ofiicc bill, but by viitue of the powers
conferred on him by the Constitution ; and that, as
to thefinc and imprisonment, he(t he President) would
pay whatever fine wa^imposed and submit to what-
ever imprisonment might be adjudged against him,
(the General.) That they continued the conversation
for some time, discussing the law at length, and that
they finally separated without having reached adefi-
nite conclusion, and with the understanding that the
General would see the President again on Monday.
In reply. General Grant admitted that the conver-
sations had occurred, and sjtid that at the fiist con-
versation he had given it as his opinion to the Presi-
dent that in the event of non-concurrence by the Sen- j
atein the action oftheP/fesidentin respect to the Sec-
retory ot Warthe question would have to be decided
by the court; thatMr. Stanton would have to appeal
to thfe court to reinstate him in office; that the ins
would remain in till fcheyeould be displaced and ih&
. outs put in by legal proceeding; and -that he then
thought so, and had agreed that if he should change
his mind he would notify the President in time td
enable him to make another appointment, but that
at the time of the# first conversation he had not
looked very closely into thelaw; that it had recently
been discussed by the newspapers, and that this had
induced him to examine it more carefully, and that
ho had come to the conclusion that if the Senate
should refuse to concur in the suspension Mr. Stan-
ton would thereby be reinstated, and that he (Grant)
could not continue thereafter to act as Secretary, of
War ad interim without subjecting himself to fine and
imprisonment: and that he came over on Saturday
to inform the President of this change in his views,
and did so inform him; that the President replied
that he had not suspended Mr. Stanton under tho
tenurc-of-otfice bill, but under the Constitution, and
had appointed him (Grant) by virtue of the author-
ity derived from the Constitution, <fcc.; that they
continued to discuss the matter sometime, andfinally
he left without any conclusion having been reached,
expecting to-see the President again on Mopday.
He then proceeded to explain why he had not called
on the-President on Monday,'laying that he had had
a long interview with General Sherman; that various
little matters had occupied his time till it was late,
and that he did not think the Senate would act so
soon, and asked, 4<Did not General Sherman call on
you on Monday?"
I do not know what passed between the President
and General Grant on Saturday, except as I learned
it from the conversation between them at the Cabinet
meeting on Tuesday, and the foregoing is substan-
tially what then occurred. The precise words used
on the occasion are not, of course, given exactly in
the order in which they were spoken, but the ideas
expressed and the facts stated are faithfully pre-
served and presented.
I have the honor to be, sir, with great respect,
your obedient servant,
O. H. BROWNING.
Tho President. _
Department of State,
Washington, February 6,1868".
Sir : The meeting to which you refer in your letter
was a regular Cabinet meeting. Whilethe members
were assembling, and before the President had en-
tered the Council Chamber, General Grant, on coming
in, said to me that he was in attendance there, not as
a member of the Cabinet, but upon invitation, and I
replied by the inquiry whether there was a change
in tho War Department. After the President had
taken his seat business went on in the usual way of
h earing matters submitted by th e several Secretaries.
When the time came for the" Secretary of War Gen-
eral Grant said that he was now there, not as Sec.re-
retary of War, but upon the President's invitation?
that he had retired from the War Department. A
slight difference then appeared about the supposed
invitation, General 'Grant saying that the officer
who had borne his ietter to the President that
morning, announcing his retirement from the War
Department, had told him that the President de-
sired .to see him at the Cabinet, to which the Presi-
dent answered, that when General Grant's commu-
nication was delivered to him the President sim-
ply replied that he supposed General Grant would be
very soon at the Cabinet meeting. I regarded the
conversation thus begun as ah incidental one. It
went on quite informally, and consisted of a state-
ment, on your part,, of your views in regard to the
understanding of the tenure upon which General
Grant had assented to hold the War Department
ad interim, and of his replies by way of answer and
explanation. It was respectful and courteous on
both sides. Being in this conversational form, its
details could^ only have been preserved by verbatim
report. So far as I know, no such report was made
at the tune. I can give only the general eifectof the
conversation.
Certainly you stated that, although you had re-
ported the reasons for Mr. Stanton's suspension to
the Senate, you nevertheless held that he would not
be entitled to resume the office of Secretary of War
even it the Senate should disapprove of his suspen-
sion, and that you had proposed to have the question
tested by j udicial process, to be applied to the person
who should be the incumbent of the Department,
under your designation of Secretary of War ad in-
terim , in the place of Mr. Stanton. You contended
that this was well understood between yourself and
General Grant; that when he entered the War De-
partment as Secretary ad interim he expressed his
concurrence in a belief that the question ot Mr Stan-
ton ^restoration would bo a question for the eoiuts;
that m asuhsequent conversation with General Grant
+ i + / < "darted t0 the understanding thus had, and
that General Grant expressed his concurrence in it;
that at some conversation which had been previously
held General Grant said he s-till adhered to the same
construc tion of the law, but said if he should change
his opinion he wnu.d give you seasonable notice of it.
so that you should, in any ease.be placed in the same
position in regard to the War Department that you
wore while General Grant held it ad interim. I did
not understand General Grant as denying, nor as ex-
piieitij'■ aunnttmg, these statements in the form and
tuii extent to which you made theip. His admission
rather indirect and circumstantial,
though 1 did not understand it to be aa evasive
one. lie said that, reasoning from what occurred
in the ease of the police in Maryland, which he re-
garded as a parallel one, he was of opinion, and so
assured you, that it would be his right and dutv, un-
der you l instructions, to hold the War Office after the
fcenate should disapprove of Mr. Stanton's suspen-
sion until the question should bo decided upon by
