4182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
£
bi
upon us, either foreign or domestic, but what
the Government up to this hour has met.
Why is it the country or the House is agitated
on these financial questions'? Why is it the
entire time of this Congress is engaged in de-
vising some means, some theory, by which they
should fix and establish permanently a new
policy on the part of the country. Jt grows
first out of the uncertainty iu the terms of the
obligations we have issued ; that is the first;
and another cause operating strongly is the
feeling in the country that capital is protected
at the expense of labor. These two things
operating together demand the matter should
be met as statesmen. This Government of the
United States must fix its policy in reference
to the payment of interest and the tax it shall
impose on its citizens. What shall that be?
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
says he is not prepared to commit to mort-
age posterity. If in his reading—and it has
 een extensive—he lias found a nation paying
less interest than three and a half per cent, on
a permanent loan, he has traveled more into
the economy of loaning money than I have.
Bat, sir, I have no fear that forty years at
three and sixty-five hundredths will be a bur-
den upon the resources of the Government of
the United States.
Mr. Chairman, I have none of these fears
of being mortgaged to foreign countries. My
friend from Massachusetts indulges a little ol'
that, and tells you he desires so to frame this
bill that the loan shall stay at home. Why,
Mr. Chairman, this country is a borrower as
a whole. The old countries have money to
lend. The analogy the gentleman gave be-
tween Illinois and Massachusetts is exactly the
analogy between this country as a whole and
European countries where surplus capital is to
be had at a cheap rate of interest. Here
capital is all in active employment; and when
the gentleman from Massachusetts tells you
that he believes the capital of the country is so
much in want of employment in the legitimate
course of business that $2,500,000,001) can be
absorbed on behalf of the Government as an
investment, I think there is an entiie mistake
in the calculation.
In relation to the bill before the committee,
I am partially with the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] upon the question whether
we are prepared at this time to act intelligently
and understandingly. Why, sir, the bill as it
came from the Senate struck mc simply as a
bill to engage iu a broker's business. If it
had provided that we would create a permanent
debt at the rate of five, six, four, or three and
a half per cent, interest and let the creditors
come and exchange securities at the Treasury,
there would have been something in that. But
the Senate bill puts into the hands of the
Secretary of the Treasury the power to issue
$2,500,000,000 of indebtedness as he pleases.
[Here the hammer Cell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I was going to propose
to stop debate on this amendment. I will
yield, however, a portion of my five minutes
to the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Ela,] who has not been heard.
Mr. liLA. It seems to me the gentleman
has not fully answered the question as to what
has caused the public agitation at this time in
regard to this matter ot funding the debt. It
seems to me it is more for this reason than for
the one he lias given that the Government
being the great borrower and its bonds being
exempt from taxation it has carried up the
late of interest which States and towns and
the whole debtor portion of the community
have had to pay. Now, if you can put your
Government debt at a lower rate of interest
jour States, communities, and individuals will
get the benefit of the reduction, and itwill give
an impetus to business and a relief from part
of our taxation.
Now, I think the gentleman from New York
is wrong in this particular. It is not only the
Government debt that we have to take care of
by taxation, but it is the State and local debts ;
and if you can reduce the interest on the
Government debt, then the people will be able
to take care of the local debt, and pay what
would be a high rate of interest for the public
debt twenty years hence very much better than
they can now ; because we shall have cleared
off our State and local debts.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I believe I have a minute
or two remaining, and as the gentleman from
West Virginia desire to occupy a lew minutes,
I will give him what remains of my time.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I sim-
ply desire to reply to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Ross,] who asked me if I paid my
debts by giving my notes. I ask him if lie
pays his debts by giving his notes, and if that
is the doctrine of gentlemen on the other side
of the House.
Mr. IIOSS. Does not the gentleman pay
his debts by giving greenbacks? That is the
question. That is the way I pay mine, and I
suppose he does the same, and I do not know
that the bondholders have any better claim.
Mr. IIUBBA11D, of West Virginia. I do
not owe the bondholders anything, nor I pre-
sume does the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. BOSS. Our constituents owe the bond-
holders.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I re-
gard the United States as an individual, and I
make this assertion: that the United States
notes are not lawful money, and cannot be
used as such for the payment of the debt of
the nation by the United States. If I could
have three minutes 1 could prove it. The law
does not make any such provisiou.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to stop debate on
this amendment and the amendments thereto.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee informally rose.
enrolled 1bills signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
and joint resolution of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. li. No. 1320J for the relief of L.
Merchant & Co. and Peter Itosecrantz; and
Joint resolution (II. II. No. 340) for the relief
of Peter M. Carmichael, surveyor of the port
of Albany.
menage i'uom hie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
iiam, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the reports of the committees of
conference on the disagieciug votes of the two
Houses upon bills uf the following titles:
An act (S. No. 382) granting an increase of
pension to Obediah T. Plum ;
An act (S. No. 422) granting a pension to
Maria Schweitzer, and minor children of Con-
rad Schweitzer, deceased;
An act (S. No. 517) granting a pension to
the widow and children of Henry Brown;
An act (S. No. 518) granting a pension to
the widow and child of John P. Petty ;
An act (ri. No. 521) granting a pension to
the children of VVillianM. Wooten, deceased;
An act (S. No. 5-17j granting a pension to
John Sheets;
An act (S. No. 175) for the relief of Joseph
McGhee Cameron and Mary Jane Cameron,
children of La Payette Cameron, deceased;
An act (S. No. 314) for the relief of George
T. Brien; and
An act (S. No. 383) granting a pension to
John A. Weed and Elizabeth J. Weed, minor
children of Hobert T. Weed, deceased.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 004) regulating the times and
places of holding the district and circuit courts
of the United States for the northern district
of Florida; and
An act (S. No. 513) to provide for a further
issue of temporary loan certificates for the pur-
pose of redeeming and retiring the remainder
of the outstanding compound-interest notes.
The message also announced that the Senate
had insisted on its amendments, disagreed to
by the House, to the amendments of the House
to the bill (S- No. 352) to authorize the tem-
porary supplying of vacancies in the Exec-
utive Departments; bad agreed to the fur-
ther conference asked by the House upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses; and had
appointed Mr. Conkling, Mr. Stewart^ and
Mr. IIcCreery conferees on the part of the
Senate.
leave to print.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
Mr. Van Wyck to print some remarks on the
rights of American citizens abroad. [See
Appendix.]
legal expenses war department.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, transmitting, in compliance with ares-4
olution of the House of February 11, a state-
ment prepared in his office, and also of the
chief of engineers and chief of ordnance, rela-
tive to the amounts paid for legal service from
1800 to 1868; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
leave of absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Kitchen on account of sickness in his
family.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Chanler for the same reason.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed the consideration
of the bill
funding the national debt.
The question was taken on the amendment
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and it
was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was to strike out
the words "the existing five percent, bonds."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means was to insert after the word
" certificates," in the same clause, the words
"and debts past due or maturing before the
end of the present fiscal year;" so that the
clause will read :
And the haid bonds and the proceeds thereof shall
bo exclusively used lor the redemption or payment,
at the option of the holder, or puicliase of, or ex-
change for, an equal amount of any of the present
interest-bearing debt of the United States, otner
than the three per cent, certificates, and debts past
due or maturing beforo the end of the present fiscal
year, and may be issued to an amount, in the aggre-
gate, sufficient to cover the principal of all outstand-
ing or existing obligations as limited herein, and no
more.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means explain what
debts that amendment refers to?
Mr. SCHENCK. Thare is now in the Treas-
ury an amount of money applicable to and
which we think ought to be applied to those
debts that are already due, and those debts
that will^ mature before the end of the fiscal
year. We do not want to increase our bonded
debt for that, and therefore we except them
from the operation of this section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next and last amendment proposed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to the first
section was to strike outat the endot thesection
the words "but not to exceed 8700,000.000
shall be of the issue redeemable in twenty
years."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE I now move to strike out the
words from taxation in any form by or under
State, municipal, or local authority, and the
■same and the interest thereon, and the income
therefrom, shall be exempt from the payment
of all taxes or duties to the United States,
other than such income tax as may be assessed
upon other incomes," and to insert in lieu
thereof •' homall taxation whatever so that
it will read ''which said bonds shall be ex-
empt from all taxation whatever."
_ Mr. Chairman, every law authorizing the
issue of bonds passed since the Thirty-Sevenfih
