1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4183
Congress has contained the language that they
shall be exempt from taxation by or under
State, municipal, or local authority. That
language has been quoted against them in pop-
ular assemblies all over the country, and has
placed Congress in the position of being liable
to attack as exempting bonds from that char-
acter of taxation. Now, I wish to call the
attention of gentlemen, and particularly of
gentlemen upon the ot.her side of the House,
who, I have 110 doubt, have been accustomed
to use this kind of argument, to the fact that
not only are such bonds by the Constitution
exempt from municipal taxation, but that ac-
cording to the decision of the Supreme Court
Congress has no authority to confer upon the
States the right to tax them.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
a few minutes since suggested that this section
conferred upon the States a right under cer-
tain circumstances to tax the bonds. I say
that if it does confer such a right it is void.
The Supreme Couit, in the case of Van Allen
vs. The Assessors, in 3 Wallace, gave an
opinion that Congress had no right to em-
power the States to tax municipally or other-
wise any securities issued by the General Gov-
ernment, and it was upon the ground of the
opinion pronounced by Chief Justice Marshall
iu the case of McCulloch vs. The State of
Maryland that the securities of the General
Government, issued of course for the purpose
of carrying on the General Government, were
so far above and beyond all State control that
the States had no right to attempt in any way
to paralyze any means that Congress should
take to carry on the Government, and that
Congress had no right to confer upon the States
that power. That decision was not pronounced
by any Republican upon the bench; nor was
it pronounced by any of the reccnt converts to
Democracy upon the bench. It was pronounced
by that long-lived and well-known Democrat,
Judge Nelson, of New York ; and that decis-
ion sets at rest finally and completely all
question of State or municipal taxation. So
that hereafter iu this country there can be no
further discussion upon the propriety of mu-
nicipal taxation of United States bonds. That
being the ease, I object that Congress shall,
by the 'presumption contained in this bill,
seem to arrogate to itself any power whatever
over this question of municipal taxation. It
having no such power, I do not wish it to
attempt to exercise it. The House having by
a large vote declared that these bonds shall run
forty years and shall be at the rate of three
and sixty-five hunredths per cent, interest, I
am willing for one to say further that there
shall not only be no municipal taxation, but no
national taxation, either byway of income tax
or any other tax; and I would proclaim it to
the world, so that if any of our creditors are
willing to exchange our present securities for
those which are provided by this bill, they may
do so, and be subject to no taxation whatever.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE, I am opposed to the amend-
ment ofthegentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,]
because I am afraid it will fail to accomplish
the pui-pose he has in view. The bill, as pro-
posed to be amended by him, will then read,
" Which said bonds shail be exempt from tax-
ation in any form whatever." Now, if the gen-
tleman considers that form of language suffi-
cient to accomplish the exclusion of all possible
taxation of these bonds, it may be that local
tribunals will entertain a different opinion of
the language; because the very committee
which drew this bill in the Senate, as well as
the Senate itself, have put a different construc-
tion upon it, and if they have put a different
construction upon it I do not think it will be
surprising to find that State tribunals do.
It' the gentleman will look a little further
along in the bill he will find that when it is
proposed to exempt not only the principal of
these bonds but also the interest, or the income
derived from them, from taxation by the Fed-
eral Government, with certain exceptions and
limitations, a different phraseology is used.
The language is not that " these bonds shall
be exempt from Federal taxation except in
certain casesbut it is that " these bonds and
the interest thereon, and the income therefrom,
shall be exempt from the payment of all taxes
or duties to the United States, other than such
income tax as may be assessed upon other
incomes."
What I fear is this, that if the amendment
of the gentleman shall prevail and the section
shall finally assume that shape it will by some
be construed to be an exclusion of taxation
upon the principal of the bonds alone, leaving
the income of the bonds to be taxed by State
or local authorities and to be taxed specially
and differently from other incomes by Federal
authority.
Now, at the conclusion of my remarks I
shall offer an amendment to the amendment
of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,]
which is to insert after the words "which said
bonds" the words "and the interest thereon
and the income therefrom so that that por-
tion of the section will read as follows:
"Whicli said bonds and the interestthereon and the
income therefrom shall bo exempt from taxation in
any form by or under State, municipal, or local
authority.
I shall offer that as an amendment, and
after it has been voted upon I will move to
amend the other portion of the clause; so that
the clause will read :
Which said bonds and the interest thereon and the
income therefrom shall be exempt from taxation in
any form by or under national, State, municipal, or
local authority.
I shall offer that as a separate amendment, for
the reason that while I believe most of the mem-
bers of this House, who are in favor of this bill or
anything like it, are in favor of the first amend-
ment I propose to offer, preventing any taxa-
tion by State, municipal, or local authorities,
either upon the principal or the income or the
interest, there may be a difference of opinion
in this House upon one other point; that is,
whether or not the Federal Government should
be allowed to tax the income derived from
these bonds as it taxes income derived from
other sources. I am therefore inclined to
offer my proposition as an additional amend-
ment, because I believe the first will meet with
no objection. I understand there are many in
this House who are disposed to allow the na-
tional Government to tax income derived from
these bonds just as the income derived from
other bonds is taxed. For myself, I am op-
posed to that, because I believe it necessary to
give up even this power in order to enable the
Government to secure the redemption of the
bonds now outstanding.
Mr. PIKE. I will modify my amendment
so that it will, I think, satisfy the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. P.uxn.] 1 move to
amend by striking out the following:
Shall he exempt from taxation in any form by or
under State, municipal, or local autlioiity, and the
same and the interest thereon, and the income tiiere-
tiom, shall be exempt trout the payment ot all taxes
or duties to the United States, other than such in-
come tax as may be assessed upon other incomes—
and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
And the interest thereon and income therefrom
shall bo exempt from the payment of all taxes or
duties to the United States as well as trom taxation
iu any lorm by or under State, municipal, or local
authority.
Mr. PAINE. In view of the modification
just proposed by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Pike,] I will not offer the amendment
which I had proposed to offer.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 entirely agree that the
language adopted in the amendment just pro-
posed by the chairman of the committee is very
much better than any form of words which has
been proposed. But while I agree with my
colleague, the chairman of the committee, that
it would be better, when negotiating the loan,
to make the rate of interest as certain as pos-
sible, so that there shall be no contingencies
to be taken into consideration by the man who
proposes to take our loan, so that he may know
exactly what return he is to receive on his
investment. While I agree to all this I desire
to suggest to the committee that probably there
will always be in this country, as there has
been for the last four years, a feeling of opposi-
tion to any law exempting a particular class of
citizens from taxation, and especially when the
exempted class are capitalists. I know that
these bonds are to be issued at a low rate of
interest; but still there may be ground of com-
plaint that while the laboring man is subjected
to taxation, the capitalist holding these bonds
is not required to pay even an income tax.
Hence it seems to me it would be better to
leave the exemption as stated in the original
bill an exemption of these bonds from all
State taxation and from all national taxation
except the general income tax. That tax,
whatever its rate may be, assessed upon all
in comes arising trom property generally, should
be imposed upon the income from the bonds
as it now is. There should be at least this
much of a concession to meet the popular
demand which we know to exist on this sub-
ject. Let it be understood that this one tax
on incomes shall apply equally to incomes from
all sources, and that no other tax in any form
whatever shall be imposed upon these bonds
by any authority, State or national.
One word more._ If there should ever be a
time—and I hope it will come—when we shall
have no income tax, then, as a matter of course,
there would be no tax on these bonds.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I movepro forma to amend
by striking out the last word in the seventeenth
line, for the purpose of opposing the proposi-
tion made by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Pike.] I entirely agree with what the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has said with
reference to the prejudice of the people upon
this question of faxing the income on United
States bonds. But, sir, there is a principle
which I think rises above this question of the
prejudice of the people. Whenever there
comes a time of great public emergency, and
it is necessary to tax the income of the people
of the country—in a time of war or of great
public peril—the bondholder deriving income
from the public funds should pay the same tax
upon his income as the man deriving income
from any other source. Therefore, Mr. Chair-
man, whatever may be the rate of interest
finally agreed upon with reference to these
bonds 1 hope we shall make no provision
which will place the bondholder above the
man who may hold any other form of security.
And besides, Mr. Chairman, I do not believe
we have the power, the constitutional power,
if we would. It would certainly raise the
question whether, under the Constitution, that
was a uniform system of taxation. In my
judgment we must leave this question in the
future as now, so that we can tax the incomes
of the people from whatever source they may
be derived. 1 am, therefore, opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine by
which these loans are to be exempted from
taxation.
Mr. B UTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I desire to state a few historical facts
which will answer the gentleman's argument.
The first income tax in Great Britain was in
179S, and that lasted until 1816. Then that
went out and there was no other income tax
until 1842, If you take the proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
the rate of interest heretofore was a calcula-
tion for the income tax, and we are to give
the bondholder the lowest rale of interest
when there is no tax. I hope soon in this
country to see no such thing as an income tax,
and then this provision will not be wanted.
As soon as we bring down the rate of interest,
that most obnoxious of all taxes, the income
tax, will not be needed. My friend from Iowa
[Mr. Ai.lison] says we cannot exempt them
from tax because it would be unequal taxation.
We tax some incomes ten per cent, and others
five per cent.
Mr. ALLISON. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts believe it is within the power qi
Congress to tax one class of p^p,ercy one
and another elass.of property a different tax, as
