1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2135
man's question^ I wish to say that I never
did consent to it, and one of the chief com-
plaints I have had to make against the Pacific
Railroad Committee is that, by some manner
of means unknown to myself, it secured this
alteration. When the bill was first introduced
I insisted on it as it was passed, and that was
made the condition upon which it was passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Thai is
what I stated in my speech, and I thought I
was not in error.
I will state farther that the act of 1864 in no
way changed the act of 18C2 except in this
respect, that it released the Union Pacific rail-
road from its obligation to build the road from
Sioux City to join the Union Pacific railiead,
and to authorize, but not required, another
road to build it; but, sir, it did not change in
any manner the direction of the road. It re-
quired the road should be upon the nearest and
most practicable route.
Mr. ALLISON. I only desire a moment,
Mr. Speaker, to make an explanation of what
I stated yesterday in reference to the Minne-
sota delegation. I then stated that I believed
they were in favor of that legislation. 1 was
called upon this morning by the gentlema i
from the southern district of Minnesota, [Mr.
Wisdom,] and he said that he did not assent
to it. Therefore, sir, to that extent I did him
injustice. But I remember the matter dis-
tinctly, and I call on the( chairman of the
Pacific Railroad Committee to say whether it
is so or not, whether the Minnesota delegation
did not press upon that committee the exact
change made with reference to the Sioux City
branch ?
Mr. PRICE rose.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Wisconsin. I can-
not be further interrupted.
I wish to call the attention of the House
and the country again to the fact that no mate-
rial allegation I made here in my speech has
been disputed. They cannot be disputed.
If I had time I should like to review the re-
marks of the other member from Iowa, [Mr.
Dodge,] but I am limited, and cannot do it. He
makes out the best case possible for the road.
He has done that well as he does every thing well;
but he makes no ease, and he can make none i
impeaching what I stated in my speech. j
It is well known, Mr. Speaker, that a meas- !
ure of this kind commends itself to the favor of !
the country, and it is strange that such opposi- !
tion should be developed here. !
My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawfs] j
heard "a lion in the lobby roar" the oihrr j
day, and was frightened nearly out of his wits ; !
but now here is a whole drove of lions sur- ;
rounding and besieging the Capitol, "meager, \
gaunt, and grim," licking th'eirvery chaps and j'
peering in at our very doors, and yet the gen- ;
tleman from Massachusetts is as unconcerned i
as was Daniel in the lion's den. ]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's five min-';
utes have expired. i
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker. !
I would have much preferred to have submit- |
ted my remarks when the question to refer the j
joint resolution was before the House for ;
action; but my esteemed and honorable friend :
from Iowa, [Mr. Price,] my neighbor, who I
represents a district right across from mine, :
on the other side of the "great Father of j
Waters," refused to yield to me for that pur- j
pose. Now, sir, I am at a loss to know the !
reason which induced him to press upon us the .
previous question, refusing a full discussion of j
this subject. Certainly, sir, he must have
known that nothing I could have said would
have detracted from the effect of the eloquent
speech he made yesterday, and I regret he so
persistently refused me the privilege of saying
a few words at that time, as my purpose was
simply to review the legislative history of this
Pacific railroad business in 1864, which, being
familiar with, I beg leave to assure gentlemen
is a very interesting history.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman allow me
to say why I did not permit him ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
treat you as you treated me. I am a Christian,
and return-good for evil. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. And you might add "and a
member of Congress." I say to the gentleman
what is the truth in reference to this matter,
: that I had promised half a dozen friends I
| wou-ld call for the previous question on the
motion to refer, and I could not help it.
1 Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am very
sorry for that, (hat my friend from Iowa comes
• up here ana acknowledges he had pledged
himself to call the previous question on so im-
portant a matter, so as to cut off all-discussion,
j Mr. PRICE. Having promised I was bound
,j to perform.
| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr.
j Speaker, I am sorry the gentleman was be-
j trayed into such promises. I now desire to
j' say that after the extraordinary developments
! touching the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
l; pany as to the character of the company, the
" gigantic power which it is commencing to
; exercise, its extortions from, and its oppres-
sions of, the people ; after the disclosure of the
illegal and fraudulent issue of hundreds of
thousands of Government bonds to enable a
' private company to build a railroad in the
! State of Iowa, in a southeast direction, under
tlie'pretext of building a Pacific railroad, the
; question has become one of national import-
, ance and magnitude, and as such must attract
j universal attention. I come not here to speak
j of the original act of 18G2. That act had its
| inception in a spirit of liberal and enlightened
| legislation, and was passed in the interest of
| the Government; while it made the mostliberal
j provisions for the purpose of accomplishing
| the work, it yet guarded the rights of the public,
j But I come to speak more particularly of the
I amended act of 18C4—an act surrendering
| nearly all the rights reserved to the people—
! and, as that act has challenged the severest
j criticism, and is likely to become historical, I
! propose to put on record the history of ils
; passage through the House of Representatives.
The Thirty-Eighth Congress met on the 7th
of December, 18G3, and on the IGth of that
month the Speaker appointed a select com-
mittee on the Pacific railroad consisting of
Messrs. Stevexs of Pennsylvania, Wilder,
Steele of New York, Price, Cole, Noble.JJo.v-
vej.ly, MeBride, Steele of New Jersey, Me-
Ctrui'r, Ames, Teaman, and Sweat.
On the IGth of March following, the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Price] introduced, by
unanimous consent, a bill entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
1 the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same
, for postal, military, and other purposes,' " ap-
proved July 1, 18U2: which was referred to the
Pacific Railroad Committee. (Congressional j
Globe, volume 51, page 1142.) |
On the 2d of June the gentleman from !
Pennsylvania [Mr. Steve.vs] reported back
this bill, as introduced by the gentleman from
Iowa, with a substitute, which was ordered to |
be printed, and its consideration postponed |
for one week. (Congressional Globe, volume
52, page 2071.) On the lOlh of June the bill
was again brought before the House and went ]
over as unfinished business. (Congressional !
Globe, volume 52, page 2842.) On the IGth of ;
J unc this bill came before the House at a night
session. The gentleman from Indiana, from j
the Aurora distiiet, [Mr. Holmax.] moved an 1
amendment, as follows: !
"And that said road shall bo ;i public highway, 1
and shall transport the property and troops of tiio
United States, which transportation thereof shall be j
required free from all toll or other charge." j
That proposition was discussed until the hour ]
expired that evening for the consideration of j
the bill. The gentleman from Indiana pressed !
his amendment upon the House with great
ability and energy, and was replied to by a !
member of the Pacific Railroad Committee, i
[Mr. Steele, of New York,] who, in the course
of his remarks, said:
"And here allow me to disagree with my distin- i
guished friend fromlndianainthoidea that the men
who are engaged in this great public enterprise are
engaged only with the hope of making money. I
could name to him many patriotic men who have
come forward with their $10,000 .and $20,000 to put
into this road, for the purpose of encouraging the
enterprise—and I need not go out of this Hoiise to
find some of those examples—without any hope or
expectation of ever being pecuniarily benefited by
the advance thus made."
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hol-
man,] in reply to Mr. Steele, said he was
startled, as a Representative on this floor,
when it was said—at a moment when we were
voting away $05,000,000 of the public treas-
ure and uncounted bodies of the public land
without any recompense whatever—to hear the
intimation made by the gentleman from New
York, that benevolent men on this floor had
stock in the corporation by which this road is
to be constructed.
Mr. Steele, in reply to Mr. Holman, said
that this subscription was made by members
of Congress as a matter of patriotism, and
assailed the gentleman from Indiana in a man-
ner in which it is fashionable to assail all men
now who propose to save anything to the Gov-
ernment, charging that his—
"Ideas were so contracted and belittled by look-
ing at small expenditures, that he could not appre-
ciate the possibility of a man having patriotism
enough to invest in a work of great public necessity
for the purpose of encouraging that work, without
some idea of dollars in it."
The bill went over until the 17th of June.
On the 18th the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Pbice] urged that action be taken upon it;
but in this he was antagonized by Mr. Rice, of
Massachusetts, chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, who claimed that that day had
been set apart for the consideration of reports
from the Committee on Naval Affairs ; and, it
was postponed.
The consideration of the bill was again re-
sumed in the evening session of June %1, and
no gentleman who was here at that time will
ever forget the extraordinary scene which was
presented. The lobby mustered in its full
force. I say nothing here of the shameful
means which it is alleged were used in a " con-
fidential way" to carry through this bill; but
I do say that the scene was one of the most
exciting and animated that I have ever wit-
j nessed in a service of nearly sixteen years.
! The galleries were packed with people inter-
ested in the measure, by lobbyites, male and
female, and by shysters and adventurers,
hoping for something to "turn up." Your
gilded corridors were filled with lobbyists, who
broke through all rules and made their way
upon the floor and into the seats of members.
The amendment referred to, of the gentleman
from Indiana, was first up for consideration,
and I felt it to be my duty to speak on the
general character of the bill. I undertook to
show by a Senate document, which I hold in
my hand, the amount of the liability for bonds
issued and interest thereon under the law for
the purpose of building a Pacific railroad would
be 088,000; but which document I am
advised somewhat overstates the amount, as
the estimate was made upon a greater number
of miles than the real length of the road.
But the amount of the liability was, at any
rate, so enormous that eve  at that era of vast
and unheard-of appropriations of the public
money it should have alarmed the Representa
fives of the people and challenged the closest
attention. In my speech on that occasion I
compared the different sections of the original
law ot 18G2 with the modifications proposed by
the act ot 1864, which we were then consider-
ing. I beg leave to read from the Congres-
sional Globe, volume fifty-three, page 3152,
some remarks which I then made:
" I come now to the tenth section of the bill, and I
confess to a sort ot ad miration of the sublime audacity
which parties must have to come here and ask Con-
gress to enact such a provision into a law. I have
called attention to other provisions of an extraor-
dinary nature, but this proposed enactment throws
all others far into the shade, and stands out in bold
relief as an indication of the 'base uses' that this
company have conceived that Congress may be put
to in their behalf. I caiefully read the section that
every gentleman may know its exact meaning and
purport:
