1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G^OBE.
3159
I will suggest now, simply by way of illus-
tration, the 1st day of July, 1871—and declare
that upon that day the Government will begin
to redeem her paper. I will not say that she
shall carry on all her operations in gold; but
that upon that day she will redeem in gold the
legal-tender notes presented at the Treasury
Department, or at a place fixed for that pur-
pose, What is the effect of it? To day the
Government gives 110 assurance that the legal-
tender notes will ever be redeemed. To-day
the Government pays no interest on that paper,
and does not say whether she will overpay the
paper or not. We have only the vague hope
and expectation that she will. But when we
fix a time at which we will redeem that paper
then every man can take his slate and pencil
and set down what his legal-tender note is
worth to-day, and as the time passes on and
the period of redemption approaches the pre-
mium on gold disappears in the ordinary way.
At the end of the first year, it will not be more
than fifteen or sixteen per cent. ; at the end
of the next year, seven or eight; and as you
come to the actual time of redemption the
premium on goid fades away before you reach
it; and then the people do not want the gold
except for specific purposes.
I do not believe that more than $150,000,000
of gold would be required to begin and to carry
on the work of redemption. The idea that a
great many have that we must have as much
gold on hand as we have greenbacks is entirely
fallacious. There is no foundation for that
opinion. Why, sir, it is a matter of experience
all over this country, and, in fact, in Europe,
that banks that have one dollar of coin in their
vaults for every three dollars in circulation can
carry on and do business safely. I am told
that no bank has ever failed in this country that
had that proportion of coin in its vaults; that
upon examination the banks that have failed
have not had more than one fifth or one sixth
or one seventh the amount of coin in their
vaults to their paper in circulation. I have
seen a statement from a very able writer say-
ing that no bank has ever failed in this country
that kept a proportion of coin in its vaults of
one dollar to three.
Now, Mr. President, to take an illustration:
in the crash of 1887 the State Bank of Indiana
suspended. The Legislature of the State met
and gave it'five years within which to resume.
At the end of three years its notes were as good
as gold; and when the five years expired the
people had forgotten the time, and there was
very little demand made upon the bank for gold.
Such instances are numerous in the bank his-
tory of this country and of England and Scot-
land; and such would be the condition in this
case if we were to fix a time when we would
resume specie payments or redeem these notes
in gold. By the time we reached that period,
or before, the premium on gold would have run
out, and there would be comparatively bitt a
small demand upon the Government for gold.
Why? Because, in the first place, of the con-
fidence in the Government; in the second place,
frhese legal-tender notes would be more con-
venient and desirable to the people in every
respect except where they required the gold for
specific purposes, than the gold itself. And,
sir, 1 make another statement, which I ask
some of the eminent financiers around me who
seem to understand all about this question to
bear in mind: there would belessgoldrequired
in general circulation in this country than there
was before the war when we had a system of
local specie-paying banks? Why? Because
the bills of the State Bank of Indiana in 1860
—as good a bank as there was in the United
States—would not pay my hotel bill at the city
of New York or Washington. They were of a
local character, and if 1 traveled East I must
supply myself with gold or the bills of eastern
banks. That created a demand for gold; and
what was true of the banks of Indiana was
true of the banks of Kentucky and Tennessee,
and of every other western and southern State.
That created a demand for gold that would not
exist now. Why, sir, the Indiana merchant in
paying for his goods in New York was com-
pelled to buy his exchange on New York at
from one and one third to three and sometimes
five per cent., to pay his debts in the East;
and this created a constant demand for gold ;
and yet the banks paid specie. When the
legal-tender note comes to be as good as gold
the merchant can carry $10,000 of them about
his person without show and without incon-
venience in going to New York; or he can
send them to New York by express for a very
small sum, and he will have no occasion to buy
gold; whereas before the war, and under a
system of local specie-paying banks, he had to
buy gold for that purpose, or buy exchanges,
which was the same thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He proposes to fix a
time ahead when we shall redeem these green-
backs in gold ; resume specie payments, in
other words, because we shall then have to pay
them. I want to ask the Senator where he
proposes to get the gold to do it with ?
Mr. MORTON. 1 propose to get gold from
the same source that we have been getting it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is taxation, is it
not?
Mr. MORTON. That is from duties on
imports, is it not?
Mr. FESSE N DEN. Does the Senator sup-
pose that we are to import such an amount that
we can get gold enough from duties to meet all
our interest that we are obliged to pay in gold
at the present time, and at the same time have
$350,000,000, more or less, to pay off these
notes?
Mr. MORTON. I did not talk about $350,-
000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. More or less, as much
as may be necessary.
Mr. MORTON. I endeavored to encounter
the fallacy awhile ago that wo were required
to have as much gold on hand as we had green-
backs out in order to resume specie payments.
That was never necessary in regard to banks;
and why should it be in regard to the Govern-
ment, which has better credit than any bank
ever had? Sir, that is not necessary. As I
said before, you can begin to redeem safely
when you have one half or less than one half
of the amount in the Treasury that you have
greenbacks out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, I will ask the
Senator whether it is not a similar process to
retire the greenbacks immediately in small
amounts, as they are taken into the Treasury,
provided you have a surplus? because you have
got to have a surplus anyhow to do it.
Mr. MORTON. One question at a time. I
will answer that question after awhile if you
will remind me of it. I think the Senator's
question a moment ago was where we would
get the gold. By reserving it in the Treasury,
and not selling it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we reserve it, how
are we to pay our debts in the meantime?
Mr. MORTON. Well, sir, we have been
paying onr gold interest, and still there has
been enough gold sold, we are told, to give us
premiums to the amount of $"20,000,000. Sir,
if that gold had not been sold, but had been
reserved in the Treasury, we would have gold
enough in the Treasury to-day to begin the
work of redemption now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me answer that mat-
ter now.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to finish what
few scattering remarks I have to make.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply say that up
to within the last six months a very large por-
tion of our interest was payable in paper money,
and therefore a great, deal of gold was sold ;
but on the 1st of July next the whole of our
interest will be payable in gold, and we shall
have no considerable sums of gold to sell. We
certainly cannot have over twenty-five or thirty
millions at the outside each year to sell.
Mr. MORTON. We shall have gold in the
future as we have had it in the past. There is
no question about that. The Government can f
procure the'gold without trouble. Let me sug- '
gest, in this connection, how are the banks te
resume specie payments unless the Govern-
ment does it? If the Government does not do
it, but throws the responsibility on the banks, "
they will have to buy the gold. I have endeav-
ored to show that the banks cannot buy the
gold. When the very constitution of the banks
is thirty per cent, below par they cannot do it,
and their paper will come to a discount and a
ruinous discount if you throw the responsibil-
ity on them. We shall have gold iti the Treas-
ury. By reserving it for three years from this
time, with what we have on hand now, we shall
have enough to begin the work of redemption.
Now, sir, I want to say to the Senator from
Maine and my friends about me, who seem to
be exceedingly amused, for of course they*
know all about it and I know I do not, that
when we have approached nearly the time of
returning to specie payments, and when the
premium on gold in this country is no more
than ten percent, or five percent, we can then,
if we should need gold to the extent of thirty
or forty or fifty millions, raise it upon our five-
twenty bonds at par. Instead of converting
greenbacks worth seventy cents into gold-
bearing bonds we can then in London raise
as much gold as we want on our bonds at par,
which are now selling at only seventy cents on
the dollar in gold, and if there should be a
deficitin gold any small amountcould bereadily
supplied at that time.
Mr. CORBKTT. I ask the Senator from
Indiana whether, if the Government should
first return to specie payments, the bond would
not then be at par in gold? Consequently the
bonds held by the banks for the redemption
of their circulation would be at par also. The
natural result follows. The Government must-
first return to specie payments, and then the
batiks can return to specie payment, because
their bonds will have advanced to par in gold.
Mr. MORTON. My friend is right in the
main body of his question. Mr. President, I
am going to answer that question indirectly,
but 1 think I shall answer it satisfactorily. I
lay down this proposition, that the credit of a
country never can get above the value of the
circulating medium in which the business of
that country is done if that circulating medium
is the legal tender.
Now, what is the fact in regard to our bonds?
They have followed the value of gold, and it was
so clear through the whole war. Your five-
twenties sold at par in legal tenders when
gold was worth only 106 and at par in legal
tenders when gold was worth 282. The prop-
osition held true in regard to everything. It
holds true in regard to State stocks, with one
or two exceptions ; it holds true in regard to
railroad stocks ; that is, that the general circu-
lation of the country controls the credit of the
country, an^ you cannot get above it. Railroad
stocks that were at par in New York before the
war in gold are simply at par in legal-tender
notes worth only seventy cents on tlie dollar.
What is the reason of it ? Because you can-
not get above that currency in which all the
business of this great country, amounting to
$30,000,000,000 a year, is transacted. Your
State stocks that were at par before the war, as
a general thing, in gold, although they are cer-
tainly as good now as they were then, and your
railroad stocks, which, on the average, are forty
per cent, better in point of average value
because their debts have been paid off, are
now at par in legal-tender notes worth seventy
cents on the dollar, whereas before the.war they
were at par in gold. They follow the inevitable
law that our own Government bonds followed
through the war. They are governed by the
value of that great currency in which the
business of the country is done.
Mr. President, if this be true, it shows that the
place to begin with is the circulating medium,
and to make that as good a3 gold. You may
talk about getting your bonds up to par ra
Europe; but to talk about getting your five-
twenties to par when your legal-tender notes
