78
SUPPLEMENT TO
Mr. STANBERY. Before the Managers
proceed with another witness we wish to recall
for a moment Mr. Karsner, the last witness.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President, I
submit that if Mr. Karsner is to be recalled,
the examination and cross-examination having
been _ finished on both sides, he must be re-
called as the witness of the respondent, and
the proper time to recall him will be when they
put in their ease.
Mr. STANBERY. We wisli to recall him
bat a moment to ask a question which, per-
haps, would have been put if it had not been
stopped yesterday.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Is there any ob-
jection to recalling the witness for the purpose
of putting a single question to him?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Not if it shall not
be drawn into a precedent.
George W. Kaksker recalled.
By Mr. Stanbery :
Question. Mr. Karsner, where did you stay
that night of the 9th of March after you had
the conversation with General Thomas ?
Answer. I stayed at the house of my friend,
Mr. Tanner, in Georgetown.
Question. What is the employment of Mr.
Tanner?
Answer. I believe he is engaged in one of
the Departments here in Washington.
Question. In which one?
Answer. I think the War Department.
Question. Do yon recollect whether on the
next morning you accompanied Mr. Tanner to
the War Department?
Answer. 1 do not.
Question. You do not recollect that?
Answer. I do not recollect whether I accom-
panied him or not. Sometimes I did and some-
times I did not,. I had oilier business, and
sometimes J was engaged in that and did not
accompany him, and at other times I did ac-
company him.
Question. At any time did you go with him
to the War Department and see Mr. Stanton
in regard to your testimony?
The Witness. I appeal to the court.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Answer the ques-
tion.
Answer. I saw Mr. Stanton.
Several Sbnatouk. Louder; wecannotliear.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Raise your voice
so (hat you ran be heard in the Chamber.
By Mr. St.vnbeuy :
Question. You say you saw Mr. Stanton?,
Answer. Yes, sir ; I saw Mr. Stanton.
Question. What did you see him about?
Answer. Nothing particular about; only I
was inlreduced to him.
Question. Whom by?
Answer. By Mr. Tanner.
Question. What was your object in seeing
him ?
Answer. Well, I had seen all the great men
in Washington, and I wished to see him.
Question. That is your answer?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. In that conversation with Mr.
Stanton was any reference made to your con-
versation with General Thomas?
Answer. 1 think there was.
Question. Did you receive a note from Mr.
Sfanton at that time, a memorandum ?
.inswrr. No, sir.
Question. Did he give you any directions
where to go?
Answer. No, sir.
Qvi'<tinn. Did lie speak about your being
examined as a witness before the committee
or that you should be?
-lmic«\ There was something said to that
effect.
Mr. STANBERY. That is all, sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is all, Mr.
Karsner.
Hon. Thomas W. Ferry sworn and ex-
amined.
By Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. Were you present at the War
Office on the morning of the 22d of February
when General Thomas came there?
Answer. I was.
Question. At the time when some demand
was made?
Answer. I was.
Question. Will you state whether you paid
attention to what was going on there, and
whether you made any memorandum of,it?
Anstoer. I did pay attention, and I believe I
made a memorandum of the occurrences as far
as I observed them.
Question. Have you that memorandum?
Answer. Yes, sir, [producing a paper. ]
Question. Will you please state, assisting
your memory by that memorandum, what took
place there, in the order as well as you can,
and as distinctly as you can ?
Answer. I believe, if my recollection serves
me, that the memorandum covers it perhapsas
distinctly as I could possibly state it. I wrote
it immediately after the occurrence of the
appearance of General Thomas, and perhaps
it will state substantially and more perfectly
than I could state from memory now what
occurred.
Question. Unless objected to you may read it.
Mr. STANBERY. Weshallmakenoobjee-
tion.
The witness read as follows :
War Department,
Washington City, February 22,186S.
In the presence of Secretary Stan toil,.Judge Kelley,
Mooriiead, Donor., VanWycic, VaxIIorn, Delano,
and Freeman Clarke, at twenty-five minutes past
twelve m., General Thomas, AdjutantGcnerah came
into this Secretary of War Office, paying, "Good
morning," the Secretary replying, "Good morning,
sir." Thomas looked around and said, "I do not
wish to disturb these gbntleinen and will wait.''
Stanton said, "Nothing private here; what do you
want,sir?"
Thomas demanded of Secretary Stanton the sur-
render of the Secretary of War Office. Stanton de-
nied it to liun, andoidered him back to his own office
as Adjutant Ueneral. Thomas refused to go. " I
claim the officc of Secretary of "War, and demand it
by order of the President."
Stanton. " I deny your authority to act, and order
you back to your own ofiice."
Thomas. "1 will stand here. I wont no unpleas-
antness in the presence of these gentlemen."
Stanton. " You can stand there if you please, but
you cannot act as Secretary of War. Iam Secretary
of War. I order you out of ihis office and to your
own."
Thojus. "I refuse to go, and will stand here."
Stanton, "lloiv are you to get possession ; do you
mean to i;-r force?"
Thomas. " i do not earn to use force, but my mind
is made up as to what I shall do. I want no un-
pleasantness, though. I shall stay here and act as
Secretary of War."
Srr vntox. " You shall not, and T order you as your
superior back to your own office."
Thomas. "X will not obey you, but will stand
here and remain here."
Stanton. "You can stand there, as you please.
I order you out of this office to your own. I am Sec-
retary of War, and your superior."
Thomas then went into opposite room across hall
(General Sehriver's) and eommcnccd ordering Gen-
eral Sehriver and Genera! E. D. Townsond. Stan-
ton entered, followed by Moorhead and Ferry, and
ordei ed those generals not to obey or pay attention
to General Thomas's orders; that ho denied his as-
sumed authority as Secretary of War ad interim, and
foibade their obedience of his directions. "I am
Secretary of War, and X now order you, General
Thomas, out of this office to your own quarters."
Thomas. "I will not go. X shall discharge the
functions of Secretary of War."
Stanton. "You will not."
Thomas. "I shall require the mails of the War
Department tobedelivcred tome,and shall transact
the bu^me^ of the ofiice."
Stanton. "You shall not have them, and I order
you to your own office."
- Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the counsel for
the respondent.)' The witness is yours, gen-
tlemen.
Cross-examined by Mr. Stanuehy :
Question. Did the conversation stop there?
Answer. So far as I heard.
Question. You then left the office?
Answer. I left in about fifteen or twenty
minutes after that. I left General Thomas in
General Sehriver's room, and returned into
the Secretary of War's room.
Question. Did the Secretary return with you,
or did ho remain ?
Answer. He remained a few moments in
General Sehriver's room, and then returned to
his own room. When I left, he was in his own
room.
Question. How early in the morning of the
22d did you get to the office of the Secretary
of War?
Answer. My impression is it was about a
quarter past eleven in the morning. It was a
little after eleven, at any rate.
Question. Had you been there at all the
night before?
Answer. I had not.
Question. Did you hear the orders given by
General Thomas in Sehriver's room ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Were you in Sehriver's room at
the time those orders were given?
Answer. I was at the threshold; I had
reached the threshold. I believe I was _ the
first that followed Secretary Stanton. Ibelieve
I was the first and Mr. Moorhead second.
William II. Emory sworn and examined.
By Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. State your full name?
Answer. William Helmslcy Emory.
Question. What is your rank and command
in the Army?
Answer. I am colonel of the fifth cavalry,
and brevet major general in the Army. My
command is the department of Washington.
Question. How long have you been in com-
mand of that department?
Answer. Since the 1st of September, 18G7.
Question. Soon after you went into com-
mand of the department did you have any
conversation with the President of the United
States as to the troops in the department or
their station?
Answer. Yes.
Question. Before proceeding to give that
conversation, will you state to the Senate the
extent of the department of Washington, to
what it extends, its territorial limits, I mean?
Ansioer. The department of Washington
consists of the District of Columbia, Mary-
land, and Delaware, excluding Fort Delaware.
Question. Stateaswellasyou can ; ifyoucan-
not give it all, give the substance of that con-
versation which you had with the President
when you first entered upon command?
Answer. It is impossible for me to give any-
thing like that conversation. I can only give
the substance of it. Itoceurred longago. He
asked me about the location of the troops, and
I told him the strength of each post, and as
near as I can recollect the commanding officer
of the post.
Question. Go on, sir; if that is not all.
Answer. That was the substance and im-
portant part of the conversation. There was
some conversation as to whether more troops
should be sent here or not. I recommended
that there should be troops here, and called
the President's attention to a report of Gen-
eral Canby, my predecessor, recommending
that there should always be at the seat of
Government at least a brigade of infantry, a
battery of artillery, and a squadron of cavalry ;
and some conversation, mostly of my own, was
had in reference to the formation of a military
force in Maryland that was then going on.
Question. What military force?
Ansioer. A force organized by the State of
Maryland.
Question. Please state as well as you can
what you stated to the President, in substance,
relative to the formation of that military force.
Answer. I merely stated that I did not see
the object of it. us near as I can recollect, and
that 1 did not like the organization; I saw no
necessity for it.
Question. Did you state what your objections
were to the organization?
Answer. I think it is likely I did; but I can-
not recollect exactly at this time what they
| were. I think it likely that I stated that they
| were clothed in uuifoim that was offensive to
! our people, some j>oitions of them; and that
j they were officered by gentlemen who had been
i in the southern army.
