4184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July H
ail income tax ? Is that a uniform income tax
in the language of the Constitution?
Mr. BUTLEIl, of Massachusetts. I do not
know anything in the Constitution about a
uniform income tax. I know we have made
the tax such as we pleased. We have taxed
some incomes ten per cent., lower incomes five
per cent., and still smaller incomes nothing at
all. When we issued these bonds originally
we taxed them only one and a half, wnile we
taxed the other five per cent. What I desire
is that the whole of our debt shall be consoli-
dated and taken, as far as possible, out of the
arena of political action, that it shall be taken
from political platforms and made a business
proposition.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I offer the following as
an amendment to the amendment:
Substitute the following:
And the interest thereon and income therefrom
shall be exempt from the payment of all taxcb or
duties to the United States, except such ineomo tax
as may be assessed upon other incomes, and exemut
from all taxation in any form by or under Stato,
municipal, or local authority.
Mr. BENTON. I should like to inquire if
these bonds are subject to a national income
tax; whether the gentleman liom Wisconsin
holds it should be applicable to the foreign
bondholder?
Mr. PAINE. I suppose a phraseology might
be adopted which might tax all the bonds of
the Government.
Mr. GA11FIELD. I do not desire to raise
the question suggested here, nor is it raised by
the amendment pending. L adopt precisely the
language of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means with the single exception of
putting in a clause exempting the income tax
from the general provisions of the amendment.
It makes this point: that whenever the Gov-
ernment of the United States finds it neces-
sary to assess a tax on the income of its citi-
zens it will also assess it upon the income of
all citizens, and not upon industrial incomes
alone, while it exempts those that arise from
capital invested in bonds. I say now, as I said
before, that, in my judgment,, that single fea-
ture is the only tiling that now prevents the
clamor and opposition against our public debt
from being overwhelming and irresistible. It
is because one great feature of our system of
taxation is that the proceeds of the bonds bear
exactly the same burden a3 all our incomes on
property and labor. I am unwilling we shall
exclude that element from the present law. I
therefore offer ray amendment as a substitute,
and hope it will be adopted.
Mr. ROSS. I do not think any measure
can be more unjust and odious than this prop-
osition to exempt for forty years this entire
debt from taxation. It is putting it beyond
the reach of the people or their representa-
tives. and is only carrying out the idea I enun-
ciated in the start, that it is the object of the
bondholders to get this debt outside of the
reach of the people's representatives. Sir, the
further we progress in the discussion of this
subject the more apparent become the futile
efforts of the bill now under consideration.
The fact begins to impress itself upon mem-
bers discussing this question that when you
propose to these bondholders to take a bond
bearing interest at three and sixty-five hun-
dredths per cent, instead of a five or six per |
cent, bond, they will turn round and laugh in
your face. IIow do you cxpcct to get a ten-
forty bond, principal and interest payable in
gold, converted into one drawing three and
sixty-five hundredths per cent.? How do you
expect to get five-twenty bonds converted into
this kind of security when the former draw
six per cent, ill coin?
No, sir; you have not commenced in the
proper way. I can make a suggestion to gen-
tlemen which I think will enable them to extri-
cate themselves from the dilemma in which
they are placed. Let them first withdraw the
$300,000,000 of national currency from the
banks and Supply them with greenbacks,
thereby saving eighteen or twenty million dol-
lars in gold to the tax-payers of the country.
What then? Why, sir, I would commence
paying off ourdebt. Thegenlleman from New
York [Mr. Guisvvold] says we should manage
our credit the same as a private individual
would. I admit that principle. How would
that be? Why, just as fast as his obligations
became due he would meet them promptly.
Now, a considerable amount of the five-twenty
bonds are now due. Why not pay them? What
reason is there that this Government should
not pay them now, and do it in the same way
that we pay our other creditors?
Mr. LYNCH. If the gentleman will allow
me, he proposes to pay the bonds in green-
backs. Now, I would like to know what he
proposes to pay the greenbacks iti ?
Mr. ROSS. Pay them in taxation; take
them up by taxation. I say that we can save
$18,000,000 per annum by withdrawing the
national currency and furnishing greenbacks.
Can any man doubt that?
A Member. Cannot you save the whole?
Mr. ROSS. If this is done then 1 would
commence payingofF the five-twenties in green-
backs, and thus maintain our credit and our
honor by being found in the discharge of our
debt. When the amount of greenbacks is
reduced to the extent of eight or ten hundred
millions, I would make provision for funding
the loans into a two and a half or three per cent,
bonds.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SOHENCK. I regret that the confu-
sion around me prevented me from hearing
distinctly the argument of the gentleman. I
have always listened to him with interest ever
since he made the proposition to pay the pub-
lic debt in greenbacks and for burning green-
backs as they came in from taxes or otherwise.
That proposition was made here in a contro-
versy between the gentleman and his colleague.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to see the gentle-
man get somebody to take these bonds.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I cannot agree with my
friend from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] and my
friend from my own State, [Mr. Garfield,]
in calling upon us to legislate because of what
they themselves call prejudice and clamor.
Mr. ALLISON. I beg the gentleman will
not say that I propose to legislate because of
prejudice or clamor. I legislate on principle,
as did the chairman of the committee when
he reported this provision.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Exactly; then I will
acquit the gentleman from Iowa. My col-
league [.Mr. Garfield] certainly spoke of
listening to the prejudices of the people.
Mr. GAREIELI) rose.
Mr. SQHENCK. I will not be interrupted
and lose all my five minutes. The gentleman
from Iowa certainly spoke of the clamor of
the people upon this subject, or of some part
of the peopleas a reason for taking a particular
course. Sir, I want to legislate and address
myself to the good sense of the people, and I
tell you that the people of the United States
have vastly more clear comprehension of these
questions than many gentlemen attribute to
them.
Now, what do we propose? We say to the
people, "Are you not willing to allow your
legislative department to agree to the issue of
bonds at a low rate of interest, three and sixty-
five hundredths per cent., if they can obtain
money at that price for your use and for pay-
ing olf your present debt, and in considera-
tion of their letting you have the money at
so low a rate release those who advance the
money from all taxation of every kind what-
ever?" Will you think it any argument to
say that it is unjust and unfair? Why, what-
would the bondholder be entitled to say ? He
says, "I gave up my seven-thirty or five-twenty
bond, bearing six per cent, interest in gold,
because of the superior guarantee and pledge
of security given in these long bonds at a low
rate of interest, and thus I paid you my income
tax and all other taxes in advance. I came to
you and offered to take your securities at half
as much as you were paying, and in doing it I
solemnly agreed with you that I would con-
tract, in lieu of the taxes that might afterward
be imposed upon me, to virtually satisfy all
those taxes in advance by taking the bonds."
Put that proposition to the people, and! tell
you the people of the Dinted States will under-
stand it. I tell you that if you legislate in that
way you address the understandings of people
capable of comprehending this matter, and if
after you have got securities oi that kind out
paying only three and sixty-five hundredths per
cent, interest upon them, any man or any party
attempting to raise a clamor and excite preju-
dice by saying thatyou let these people off
from taxation, the people will understand as
well as you can that this whole thing was fairly
and squarely settled in the original contract
that was made with those who advanced their
money and took the securities.
My doctrine, therefore, is, in legislating on
this subject, not to consider prejudice, not to
consider clamor, not to consider demagogism,
let it come from any quarter, but to do that
which is fair and right and a good^bargain and
trust to the shrewd people of the United States
to understand that it is a good bargain that you
have made for them and I do not mistake their
comprehension, I am sure, when I say that
they have justas much sagacity, the great body
of them, (ts any of us on this floor in regard
to matterii" of this kind. Their interest has
whetted their perspicacity on this subject of
late, and they have looked into the matter pretty
closely all over tile country, and they will be
well satisfied to let people off paying taxes if
they can get rid ol' the seven-thirty bonds and
bonds paying six per cent, in gold and substi-
tute in lieu of those bonds, even if no tax is
paid, bonds that will draw from their pockets
hereafter only three and sixty-five hundredths
per cent, per annum in the payment of inter-
est. I now ask unanimous consent to close
debate on this section.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to offer a sub-
stitute for the section.
The CHAIRMAN. That will still be in
order.
No objection was made ; and all detoate on
the amendment was closed.
The question was taken ou Mr. Garfield's
substitute for Mr. Pike's amendment, and it
was disagreed to—ayes twenty-seven, noes not
coimted.
The question rccurrcd upon the amendment
of Mr. Pike, to strike out the words—
Shall be exempt from taxation in any foria by or
under State, municipal, or loeal authority, and tUo
same and the interest thereon, and the ineomo there-
from, shall be exempt tiom the payment ot all taxes
or dutios to the United States, other than such in-
come tax as may be assessed upon other incomes;
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
And the interest thereon, and the income there-
from shall bo exempt from the payment of all taxes
or duties to the United States as well as from taxa-
tion ill any lorm by or under State, municipal, or
local authority.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 55, noes 48.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. RAUM and Mr. ALLiSON called for
tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tellers;
and there were eleven in the affirmative.
So (the affiimative being not one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
_ The amendment of Mr. Pike was accord-
ingly agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I now move the amend-
ment of which I have given notice, to strike out
the amendment just adopted on motion of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,3 together
with the words - which said bonds," immedi-
ately preceding it, and inserting in lieu thereof
the following:
,, said bonds shall be liable to taxation by or
te* mui?ioipal, or local authority to the same
extent as money id taxed under sucii State, municipal,
or local authority, and no greater.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order.
Ihe amendment of the gentleman is practically
