1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
£few York, that I cannot speak of my own
knowledge as to whether these gentlemen per-
form the duties assigned- them by law, for I
llova nr>t 1*o/4n in ~ J? '.'i1 ,1 ttti  .
have not been jn the habit of visiting the White
House lately; but I believe the gentleman who
holds the office of short-hand writer to be a
man of veracity; I have great pergonal respect
lor him: ana I want to know whether the gen-
tleman knows that of him which would justify
him or me in doubting that man's oath, for my
information comes from his own sworn state-
ment before one of the committees of the
House that he is not a short-hand writer, and
that his principal business in the executive
family is to revise the newspapers and read
those portions to the President which he thinks
he would desireto have read; so that I have
tolerable authority for my assertion. The gen-
j1? 's' as ^ have said, the correspondent of
a. leading newspaper in my own city and of one
in Baltimore, and it was through the columns
of those papers, on the morning of the 10th of
October, when the President believed that
Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Indiana had sus-
tained him and elected a Congress to support
him,, that his queries to the Attorney General
as to the constitutionality of turning Congress
Out of the Halls of Congress were put before
the public; and I say that it is time that Con-
gress should eease to give the newspaper reader
to his royal highness a salary of $2,500 a year.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
oppose the amendment pro forma, and I ask
a vote.
Mr. KELLEY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MULLINS. I move to amend this
paragraph in line one hundred and fifty-seven
by striking out the word "private" where it
occurs before the word "secretary," and i
think I can adduce good reasons why it should
be stricken out. First in order, there is no
privacy there now. That has been made man-
ifest at that desk and to the country. lie is a
public secretary and not a private one. But,
sir, my object is to get lid of these officers. I
suppose they were appointed during the war,
but it is an extravagant number of clerks for a
peace basis. Peace has to some extent come,
and the President is the last man in the coun-
try that should deny it, because h« has pub-
lished to the world that we. have peace; he has
proclaimed it himself; he has put himself for-
ward instead of Congress and has gone to work
propping up .all these dead States and making
them living ones. It was declared- here by a
gentleman, in moving an amendment, that the
President, being Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy of the United States, he has
a right to draw upon any of the line officers or
privates and fetch them in from' the duties
assigned them by law and say that they shall
have a twofold office, one to stand in the ranks
nominally and get pay while really they are
brought under the control of the President and
do whatever he may desire, and one of them
is said to be "private." And now another
amendment is proposed to allow the President
a short-hand clerk. Well, if you can cut in
and make the road any nearer to truth and
honesty I go in for the short-hand route.
[Laughter.]
But it is urged also, and by my colleague
from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayxakw,] whom I
respect as highly as ho ought to be respected,
and for whom I have as high regard as any
man living, that we should do this as an act
of charity because the President has got his
arm broke. [Laughter.]
Well, I want to ask this House, and m all
soberness, whether we are responsible for the
breaking of his arm, or whether lie did not
break it himself swinging around the southern
circle? [Laughter.] It he did it himself, then
le.t him come up here and I for one will take
something out of my pocket to help_buy him a
cork arm, which I have no doubt will be quite
as efficient for good as the one he how has.
But the Government should not be taxed for
that which it "is not responsible for. And if the.
President wants a private clerk why did he not
tell the people before he was elected Vice Pres-
ident that he was decrepit in his right arm,
having broke it? [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MULLINS. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee now rise for the purpose of
closing de,bate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speakerhavingresumedthe chair, Mr. Wilson,
of Iowa, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the special order under con-
sideration, being House bill No. 605, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 80th of June, 1869, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
improvement of n15w haven iiarbor.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous-consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a communica-
tion from the chief of engineers, inclosing
Colonel Houston's report of the operations for
the removal of Middle Rock, New Haven har-
bor ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
railroad on mississippi river.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting a
communication from the chief of engineers
concerninga project for constructing a railroad
on the west bank of the Mississippi rjver, from
St. Francis river to Girardeau; which was
referred to the Committee on Freedmen's
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
quartermaster's contracts.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous .con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in
compliance with the acts of April 21, 1808,
and July 17, 1862, statements of contracts
made by the quartermaster's department dur-
ing January, 1808; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended and the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the special order,
the legislative, &c., appropriation bill; and
pending that motion I move that all debate
upon the paragraphs relating to the executive
department be closed in one minute after the
committee resumes the consideration of the
same.
The question was taken on the motion to
close debate ; and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole ; and
it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the special
order, being the hill (H. R. No. COS) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 186'.).
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate upon the paragraphs relating to the
executive department is to be closed in one
minute.
Mr. WrASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to take that one minute for the purpose of stat-
ing that. I am in favor of the amendment of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler.] I was in favor of it when this bill was
bein^ considered by the Committee on Appro-
priations, and I am in favor of it now. I be-
lieve those officers are not needed.
The pending paragraph was the following:
For compensation to the private secretary, assist-
ant secretary, short-hand writer, clerk of pardous 11
three cterks of fourth class, steward anil messenger
of the President of the United States, $18,800.
The pending question was tipon the amend-
ment of Mr. Bctler to strike out the worfls
"assistantsecretary," "clerk of pardons, three
clerks of fourth class."
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 60, noes 87.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to further amend
the pending paragraph by striking out "$18,-
800" and inserting ''$0,600." I do that for
the reason 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows :
For contingent expenses of the executive of&ye,
including stationery therefor. $3,000.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to amend that para-
graph by striking out "$3,000," and inserting
" §1,000."
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 57, noes 37 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Butler and
Mr. Barnes w-ere appointed.
The committee again divided; and the ttellers
reported that there were—ayes seventy-four,
noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BARNES. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "$1,000," and inserting " $5,000;"
so as to make the paragraph read ;
For contingent expenses of the executive office,
including stationery therefor, $5,000.
Mr. UPSON. I raise the point of order
that as the committee has already inserted
"$1,000," it is not in order to move to strike
it out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HARDING. I move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the pending paragraph the
following:
Provided, That no person shall be paid under the
provisions of law relative to f ire civi) aefrree who
belongs at the time of such service to the Aimy or
Navy of the United States.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill;
and read the following;
Department of State:
For compensation of the Secretary of State and
Assistant Secretary of State, for chief clerk, eight
clerks of class foar, additional to one clerk of class
four as disbursing clerk, nine elerks- of class three,
three clerks of class two, three clerks of class one,
one messenger, one assistant messenger, and seven
laborers, $57,380.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the last word of the paragraph just
read. I make this motion pro forma, for the
purpose of making an explanation of a per-
sonal nature.
^The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley,] in the course of the debate on a pre-
vious paragraph, alluded to a newspaper cor-
respondent in connection with the Executive
Mansion, who, he said, wag somewhat notorious
for having published those interrogatories in
regard to the constitutional authority of this
Congress. I desire to say that the gentleman
to whom he referred, and to whom members
of the House understood him as referring, is
not the person who was guilty of that "act.
Ihat, I believe, was chargeable to one Mr.
Mint, who was quite well known as "Druid,"
a war correspondent of the New York World.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment for an explanation?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
point of order that this discussion is entirely
foreign to the pending paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair 'sustains the
point of order.
^r- KELLEY. I made no charge against
t&e correspondent in question except that'he
was the correspondent of the paper that first
published those interrogatories.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the following:
In the construction branch of tho Treasure, for
supervising architect, $3,000; assistant supervising
