THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Question. By the offensive uniform do you
mean the gray ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Do you remember anything else
at that time ?
Answer. Nothing.
Question. Did you call upon the President
upon your own thought or were you sent for
at that time ?
Answer. I was sent for.
Question. When again did he send for you
for any such purpose ?
Answer. I think it was about the 22d of
February.
Question. In what manner did you receive
the message?
Answer. I received a note from Colonel
Moore.
Question. Who is Colonel Moore?
Answer. He is the Secretary of the Presi-
dent and an officer of the Anny.
Question. Have you that note?
Answer. I have not. It may be in my desk
at the office.
Question. Did you produce that note before
the committee of the House of Representa-
tives?
Answer. I read from it.
Question, llave you since seen that note as
copied in their proceedings?
Answer. I have.
Question. Is that, a correct copy?
Answer. That, is a correct copy.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the counsel for
the respondent.) Shall I use it, gentlemen?
Mr. CURTIS. Certainly.
Mr. EVARTS. Use it, subject to the pro-
duction of the original.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. If desired. I sup-
pose it will not be insisted on. [Handing a
printed paper to the witness.] Will you read itV
The witness read as iollows:
execi'tive mansion',
Washington, D. C., Feb, wiry 2-, 18u8.
General : The President directs mo to .'-ay th:<t he
■will be pleased to have you call 011 turn as early as
practicable.
Very respectfully and truly, yours,
WILLIAM G. MOORl-i,
United Ar>)i]/.
Question. How early did you call?
Answer. 1 called immediately.
Question. How early in the day?
Ansioer. I think it was about midday.
Question. Whom did you find with the Pres-
ident, if anybody?
Answer. I found the President alone when
I first wont in.
Question. Will you have the kindness to
state as nearly as you can what took place
there?
Answer. I will try and state the substance
of it, but the words I cannot undertake to
state exactly. The President asked me if I
recollected a conversation lie had had with me
when I first took command of the department?
I told him that 1 recollected the fact of the
conversation distinctly, lie then asked me
what changes had been made. I told him no
material changes, but such as had been made
I could state at once. I went on to state thai
in the fall six companies of the twentj-niiith
infantry had been brought to this city to win-
ter; but as an offset to that four companies of
the twelfth infantry had been detached to South
Carolina ou the lequest of the commander of
that district; that two companies of artillery
that had been detached by my predecessor, one
of them for the purpose of aiding in putting
down the Fenian difficulties, had been returned
to the command ; that although the number of
companies had been increased the numerical
strength of the command was very much the
same, growing out of an order reducing the
artillery and infantry companies irom the max-
imum of the war establishment to^ the mini-
mum of the peace establishment. The Presi-
dent said, '• I do not refer to those changes."
I replied that if he would state what changes
he referred to, or who made the report of the
changes, perhaps I could be more explicit.
He said, •' I refer to recent changes, within a
day or two," or something to that effect, i
told him I thought I could assure him that 110
changes had been made; that under a recent
order issued for the government of the armies
of the United States, founded upon a law of
Congress, all orders had to be transmitted
through General Grant to the Army, and in
like manner all orders coming from General
Grant to any of his subordinate officers must
necessarily come, if in my department, through
me; that if by chance an order had been given
to any junior officer of mine it was his duty
at once to report the fact. The President asked
me, " What order do you refer to? " Ireplied,
"To Order No. 17 of the series of 18G7.'! He
said," I would like to see the order," and a
messenger was dispatched for it. At this time
a gentleman came in who I supposed had busi-
ness in no way connected with the business that
I had in hand, and I withdrew to the further
end of the room, and while there the messenger
came with the book of orders and handed it
to me. As soon as the gentleman had with-
drawn! returned to the President with the book
in my hand, and said I would take it as a favor
if he would permit me to call his attention to
that order ; that it had been passed in an appro-
priation bill, and I thought it not unlikely had
escaped his attention. He took the order and
read it, and observed, "This is not in conform-
ity with the Constitution of the United States,
that makes me Commander-in-Chief, or with
the terms of your commission."
Mr. HOWARD. Repeat his language, if
you please.
The Witness. I cannot repeat it any nearer
than I am now doing.
Mr. CONKLING. Repeat your last answer
louder, so that we may hear.
Mr. J OHNSON. What he said.
The Witness. What who said, the Pres-
ident or me?
Mr. HOWARD. The President.
The Wit.vks.s. He said, "This is not in
conformity with the Constitution of the United
States, which makes me Commander-in-Chief,
or with the terms of your commission." I
replied, "That is the order which you have
approved and issued to the Army for our gov-
ernment," or something to that effect. Ican-
not recollect the exact words, nor do I intend
to quote the exact words, of the President. He
said, "Am I to understand that the President
of the United States cannot give an order
except through the General of the Army," or
"General Grant?" I said, in reply, that that
was my impression, that that was the opinion
that the Army entertained, and I thought upon
that subject they were a unit. I also said, " I
think it is fair, Mr. President, to say to you
that when this order came out there was con-
siderable discussion on the subject as to what
were the obligations of an ollieer under that
order, and some eminent lawyers were con-
sulted—I myself consulted one—and the opin-
ion was given to me deeidetlly and unequivo-
cally that we were bound by the order, consti-
tutional or not constitutional." The President
observed that the object of the law was evident.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Before you pass
from that, did you slate to him who the 'lawyers
were who had been consulted?
Jnsu-er. Yes.
Question. What did you state on that, sub-
ject?
Answer. Perhaps, in reference to that, a
part of my statement was not altogether cor-
rect. In regard to myself, I consulted Mr.
Robert J. Walker.
Question. State what you said to him, whether
correct or otherwise ?
Answer. I will state it. I stated that I had
consulted Mr. Robert J. Walker, in reply to
his question as to whom it was I had consulted ;
and I understood other officers had consulted
Mr. Revkbdy Johnson.
Question. Did you say to him what opinion
had been reported from those consultations?
Answer. I stated before that the lawyer that
I consulted stated to me that we were bound
by it undoubtedly; and I understood from
some officers, who I supposed had consulted
Mr. Johnson, that he was of the same opinion.
Question. What did the President reply to
that? _ '
Answer. The President said "the object Of
the law is evident." There the conversation
ended by my thanking him for the eoartesy
with which he had allowed me to express my
own opinion.
Question. Did you then withdraw?
Answer. I then withdrew.
Question. Did you see General Thomas that
morning?
Answer. I did not, that I recollect. I have
no recollection of it.
Question. (Handing a paper to the witness.)
State whether that is an official copy of the
order to which you referred?
Answer. No, sir. It is only a part of the
order. The order which I had in my hand,
and which I have in my office, has the appro-
priation bill in front of it. That is, perhaps,
another form issued from the Adjutant Gen-
eral's office; but it is the substance of one
part of the order.
Question. Is it so far as it concerns this
matter ?
Answer. So far as concerns this matter it
is the same order; but it is not the same copy,
or, more properly, the same edition. There are
two editions of the order, one published with
the appropriation bill, and this is a section of
the appropriation bill, and probably has been
published as a detaehed section.
Question. Is that an official copy?
Answer. Yes, sir; that is an official copy.
Question. This, 1 observe, is headed "Older
No. 15." I observed you said "No/17." Do
you refer to the same or different orders?
Answer. I refer to the same order, and I
think Order No. 17 is the one containing the
appropriation bill, the one I referred to, and
the one I had in my hand, and, I think, the
one that is on tile in my office. That made
the confusion in the first place. 1 may have
said Order 15 or 17, but OrdcrNo. 17 embraces,
I think, all the appropriation bill, and is the
full order.
Question. This is No. 15, and covers the
second and third sections of that act?
Answer. The sections are the same.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the counsel for
the respondent.) I propose to put this paper in
evidence, if you do not object.
Mr. EVARTS. Allow us to look at it.
[The paper was handed to the counsel and
examined.]
Mr. STANBEUY. We have no objection.
Mr. EVARTS. We will treat that as equiv-
alent to Order No. 17, unless some difference
should appear.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. There is no dif-
ference, I believe, and it is the same as is set
out in the answer. Uo you desire to have it
read ?
Mr. JOHNSON. The Manager will read it,
if he pleases.
Mr. Manager BUTLER read as follows:
[General Orders, No. 15.]
Waie. Department,
Aii.tpt \ vr Ge\krai/s Office^
Washington, Murcii 12,1868.
! The following extract of an act of Congress is pub-
' liahed for the inforauition and government oi all
! concerned:
[Pur.i.ic—No. S3.]
i "An aotmalrinsappiopriationsforthe supportof the
I Anuy lor the year ending Juno i!U, 1868, ana for
other purposes."
-It****
" Src. 2. A ad be it further enacted, That the head-
quarters of the General of the Army of the United
States shall be at the eity of Washington, and all or-
ders and instructions iclatin? to military operation*
issued by the President or Secretary ot ar shall be
issued through the General of the Army, and, m case
of hU inubility,through the next in rank, ihe <*en-
eval of the Array shall not bo removed, upended,
N or relieved from command, 01 assigned to duty cifo-
•vvhere thanat said headquarter-!, except. at his own
reque.-t, without the previous approwtl ot the ben-
ate; and any ordeis or instruction? relating to mih-
1, tary upeiation.H issued eontraiy to the requirements
! S of this section shall be null and void; and any officer
I, who shall issue orders or instructions contrary to the
ji provision# of this s&etiou shall be deemed guilty ol a
II misdemeanor in office; and any officer of the Army
