1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2137
trinity of reading it; but the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] demanded the
previous question, which was seconded and the
main question ordered to be put; and it would
seem incredible that in a matter of legislation
involving interests so vast and pledging amounts
of money so enormous, even the yeas and nays
were refused; that even tellers were refused.
I read from the proceedings as reported it) the
Globe, volume fifty-three, page 3481:
"Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, demanded the yeas
and nays on agreeing to the report; and tellers upon
the yeas and nays.
" Xelleis were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ord-red.
"Mr. Washbuum:, of Illinois, demanded tellers on
agreeing to tlie report.
"Tellers were not ordered.
"The report way agreed to."
Thus ends the story of the action of the House
touching this extraordinary legislation, which
will go into the history of the country.
I now yield to the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Bailey] the remainder of my time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has six
minutes remaining.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois I presume
that gentleman will be recognized at the con-
elusion of my hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
some one on the opposite side of the question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
will demand the previous question, which will
give me an hour to close the debate.
The SPEAKER. That rule only applies to
members reporting bills from committees.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
move to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the gentleman if he will
not give me the balance of his time, or a por-
tion of it.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. Most as-
suredly. 1 told you I was a Christian. [Laugh-
ter.] I yield three minutes to the gentleman.
Mr. PRICE. Yes, sir; and the gentleman
has just corroborated the statement which i
made 3esterday ; and as I like corroboration,
and particularly from eminent sources, I will
repeat what I said yesterday, that it is alto-
gether possible for a man to be a member of
Congress and a Christian at the same time.
[Laughter.] And now the gentleman, who
has been a member of Congress longer than
any one else upon this floor, has stated twice,
on his responsibility as a man and a citizen and
a member of Congress, that he is a Christian,
and thereby I have established by proof what
I alleged, and I want it to go to the country
that it is a fact.
Now, sir, let me say that the scene in this
House to which the gentleman has referred is
very well remembered by me. I occupied a
seat just upon the right of where I now stand
and I remember that on that "memorable
night" the gentleman arose here with a writ-
ten speech, as he has done to-day, which I
presume had laid in his desk for some time
until it was fit to be given to the House; and
to my astonishment, because I did not expect
anything of the kind, he challenged the House,
or at least those who were in favor of the con-
struction of the road across the continent to
the Pacific coast, to answer it. And it reminds
me of the day and of another occasion, when a
certain other challenge was given ; and to the
best of my ability upon that occasion,
"Upon the word,
Accoutcr'd as I was, I plunged in,"
and the result of the vote will show who sank
and who swam. My speech in answer to the
speech of the gentleman in the Thirty-Eighth
Congress which he has read to-day, was printed
jn the Globe, and I will just refer the gentle-
man and the cuuntry to that answer in the
Globe. That is all the answer I have to make
on that point.
There is one other item in the gentleman's
speech which I wish to notice. lie has referred
to the immense subsidy of lands given to the
Sioux City branch of the Pacific railroad that
my friend from the Dubuque district [Mr.
Allisox] has specially in charge. I say that
those very lands which the gentleman now
seeks to make the House and the country be-
lieve are of so much importance, but a few
days ago he stated with equal vehemence and
determination and positiveness were not worth
surveying! Now, 1 will just let the gentleman
answer himself. If they were not worth sur-
veying six or eight days ago, how does it hap-
pen that they make this railroad corporation so
immensely wealthy as to cause the indignation
of the gentleman from Illinois upon that rail-
road company for the reception of the lands?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Wakhisurxe] has two minutes.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. Most of
the lands are in the State of Iowa. The gen-
tleman ought to know that one of the reasons
for getting that bill through was to get lands
for Iowa for the Burlington and Quincy rail-
road.
Mr. PRICE. This is the Sioux City rail-
road.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
country understand that the Sioux City branch,
instead of running toward the Pacific ocean,
runs to the east in the State of Iowa, and is
twenty-five miles further from the Pacific
ocean when it gets south than it was when it
started. These were the lauds that I referred to.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman said lands on
the same parallel in Dakota were not worth
surveying.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The lands
in Dakota oil the same parallel are all sur-
veyed, as the gentleman from Iowa well knows.
1 wish I could have given the gentleman
more time. I wanted him to explain why he
subordinated the first lien of the country to
this Pacific Railroad Company. 1 wanted him
to tell his constituents and the country what
induced him to commit—as I believe he did
conscientiously; I do not challenge his motives
—this great outrage on the people.
£Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, subse-
quently said: Mr. Speaker, I understand that
thegentleman from Iowa, from the Burlington
district, [Mr. Wilson,] thinks I omitted a
statement in my speech which was due to
him, in regard to an amendment which he
moved to that railroad bill. I will incorporate
that statement in my speech, for I certainly do
not intend to do any injustice to him or to any
one else.
Mr. HIGBY obtained the floor, and moved
that the time of Mr. Wasiibuiixe, of Illinois,
be extended for half an hour.
The SPEAKER. That requires unaijamous
consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am much
obliged to my friend from California [Mr.
Higby] for his courtesy. But I will move that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table,
unless my friend from New York [Mr. Bailey]
desires to be heard for a short time.
Mr. ITIGBY. 1 liked the gentleman's speech
so well that I was willing to have him go on.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 believe the consent
was given to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washbuuxe] upon the condition that he him-
self should speak.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to yield to others for explanation of the
pending measure.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from New VTork [Mr. Bailey] does not
desire to speak now. I therefore move to lay
the.motion to reconsider on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF TAPEllS. i
Mr. BURR asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in the cases of Mrs. Mary E. Wooteu and Mrs.
Stout for presentation in the Senate.
LEVEES IN ARKANSAS AND MISSOURI.
Mr. LOAN. Is it in order for me at this
time to enter a motion to reconsider the vote
by which the House referred to the Committee
on Freedmen's Affairs House bill No. 746, to
provide levees to secure the lowlands of Ark-
ansas and Missouri from inundation, and to
encourage the settlement thereof?
The SPEAKER. When was the till re-
ferred to the committee?
. Mr. LOAN. On the 17th of February.
The SPEAKER. The time for reconsider-
ation has expired, tinder the following rule of
the House:
"When a motion has been once made, and carried
in the affirmative or negative, it shall be in order for
any member of the majority to move for the recon-
sideration thereof on the same or succeeding day."
EIGHTY-FOURTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit for consideration at this time
the following resolution:
Rexolved. That the Paymaster General be directed
to inform this House why the members of the eighty-
fourth regiment of Now York volunteers, whoserved
three years, are allowed only lifty dollars additional
bounty.
No objection was made; and the resolution
was entertained.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest /
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Van W
Wyck] that it is customary to address such in-
quiries to the head of the Department and not
to the head of a bureau.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I will modify the reso-
lution accordingly, if there no objection.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to the resolution
if it is to be in that form.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is before
the House by unanimous consent and open to
amendment.
Mr. VArf WYCK. I move to amend by
striking-out " Paymaster General," and insert-
ing '* Secretary of War."'
The amendment was agreed to ; and the res-
olution, as amended, was then adopted.
IOWA AND MISSOURI LAND GRANT.
Mr. ANDERSON. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Public Lands
a bill, to he printed and recommitted, granting
lands to the Iowa and Missouri State Line Rail-
road Company, and for other purposes.
Mr. IiOLMAN. I object.
NAVAL STOREKEEPER AT EIO, ETC.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Revolved, That the Secretary of the Kavy bo di-
rected to inform this House upon what authority an
officer of the grade of paymaster m theUnited States
?*avy is employed as a resident naval storekeeper at
ltio Janeiro and elsewhere, at a greater salary than
that provided- by the lav/ of June 17,1844.
ADMISSION OF ALABAMA.
Mr. FAIINSWORTH. I now report, back
from the Committee on Reconstruction House
bill No. 935, to admit the State of Alabama
to representation in Congress, with an amend-
ment in the form of an additional section.
Mr. PIKE. Was this not assigned to come
up after the morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Re-
construction are authorized to report at any
time.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Fauxsworth] yield to allow me
to offer an amendment to this bill?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will hear it read.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to move to amend
this bill by striking out all after the enacting
clause, and inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
That the constitution framed by the convention of
Alabama, which was submitted for ratification by
the people at an election comiuencmgon the 4thday
of February, lt-iiS, is hereby declared tobethefunda-
uieiital andorgamc law for a provisional government
for the people of Alabama, so far as the same is not
in conflict with the Constitution and laws of the
United States. And the officers clected at said elec-
tion shall, on the 1st day of May, 1868,qualify as pro-
vided in said constitution and the ordinances of said
convention, and immediately thereafter enter upon
the discharge of the duties of their respective offi,c«s.
Spc. 2. And be itfurtha- enactcd.ThattboGovemor
at any time afterhe shall have aualified aim
upon the discharge of the duties of ins office> <nay,
by proclamation, convene the Legislature caosen at
