1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4185
to strike out what the committee has just in-
serted. It is true he proposes to strike out
addi'ional words "which said bonds;" but
he moves to insert those very words again, in
tlits very place thoy now occupy. I therefore
hold that the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must sustain
the point of order, and rule the amendment out
of order in its present form.
Mr. NIBLACK. Then I will modify my
amendment by substituting the word ''obliga-
tions" for the word "bonds."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
inquire of the Chair whether it is in order to
undertake to do by law that which the Supreme
Court of the United States has decided can-
not. be constitutionally done?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot de-
cide that it is not in order for Congress to pass
any law.
Mr. N1BLACK. This amendment does not
affect existing bonds. I concede that under
the decision of the Supreme Court we cannot
tax existing bonds. But we propose to make
a new contract and to substitute other bonds
for those now outstanding. I hold it is com-
petent for Congress to enact a provision of
this sort if it sees proper to do so. If this bill
shall contain a clause that these new bonds
shall be exempt from taxation, then I concede
that the local authorities cannot tax them.
But the cases to which the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Pike] referred a short time ago
do not sustain the claim which he makes upon
them. They only go to the question that when
Congress declares that certain bonds or agen-
cies of the Government shall be exempt from
taxation, then the State authorities shall not
tax them. Now, I hold that under those very
decisions, especially the decision in the case^
of McCullough vs. The State of Maryland, it
Congress shall authorize these bonds to be
taxed, it will then be perfectly competent for
the State authorities to do so. I insist that is
the true interpretation of the decision to which
the gentleman refers.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman allow me
to read an extract from that decision ?
Mr. N [BLACK. Not at present. At all
events, this question has never been raised in
this form. I veuture<lbe prediction—you may
call it clamor, or what you will—that the public
mind of this country will never rest satisfied
so long as so large a portion of the available
means of this country are exempted from local
taxation as are invested in these bonds. And
as we are now providing for funding all that
class of bonds, I think it is a good time to
settle this question. _ I propose this amend-
ment in good faith, with the declaration that I
will not vote for any bill that will exempt these
bonds from taxation beyond the extent to which
money is liable to taxation. I now yieldthe
rest of my time to the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Pike.]
Mr. PIKE. I desire merely to read one
passage from the decision of Judge Nelson, in
the case of Van Allen vs. The Assessors, in
3 Wallace, page 385:
" It is said that Congress possesses bo power to eon-
fer upon a State authority to be exercised which has
been exclusively delegated to that body by the Con-
stitution, and, consequently, that it cannot confer
upon a State the sovereign right of taxation; nor is
a State competent to receive a grant of any such
power from Congress. We agree to this. But as it
respects the subject-matter over which Congress and
the States may exorcise a concurrent power, and
from the exercise of which Congress, by reason of its
paramount authority, may exclude the States, there
is no doubt Congress may withhold the exercise of
that authority and leave the States free to act. An
example of this relation existing between the Fede-
ral and State governments is found in the pilot laws
of the States, and the health and quarantine laws.
The power of taxation under the Constitution as a
general rule, and as has been repeatedly recognized in
adjudged eases in this court, is a concurrent power.
The qualifications of the rule are the exclusion of
the Statesfrom the taxation of the means and instru-
ments employed in the exercise of the functions of
the Fedej ai Government."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, AXTELLjt It seems to me, Mr. Chair-
man, that the fact that it has uniformly been
found necessary to insert in all the bills pro-
posed a provision that these bonds shall be
exempt from taxation implies that without such
a provision the bonds might be taxed by State
and municipal authority. We propose now
to take up our debt voluntarily, and there is
no gentleman on this side of the House who
proposes to tax the bonds contrary to existing
law ; but, in order to make taxation equal,
which is a more important question to the tax-
payer than the amount of taxes, we propose to
allow the new bonds that are to be issued to
be taxed as all other property is taxed, or as
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack]
justly says, as money is taxed in the respect-
ive States. This should be done, not because
of any "popular clamor" on this subject, but
because it is just and right. Frequently a man
holding money in bank or otherwise at the
time of the assessment for State and county
taxation converts that money into bonds with
the privilege of selling them back again in a
few days after the assessor has gone his rounds,
and thus the property escapes taxation. _ A
gentleman in my own State who owns a mine
or a farm or a block of buildings worth
$100,000, pays his tax upon that much prop-
erty to the State or to the county, and also
pays his income tax upon his rents or upon the
profits of his mine ; but if he sells his property
and puts it into United States bonds he
escapes taxation.
Now, sir, while it may have been necessary
at the time these bonds were issued that the
Government should hold out this inducement
of exemption from taxation in order to obtain
money, we propose hereafter to avoid the issue
of such bonds exempt from State and county
taxation ; and I warn the members of this House
that it will not do to make these bonds a
favored kind of property. We cannot force
people to part with their bonds without repudi-
ating our debt; and it seems to me, as has
already been well said, that we cannot pay
these bonds in greenbacks unless we first
agree to pay the greenbacks and bring them
up to where they ought to be, at par; and
then it would be a matter of no consequence
how the bonds were paid. But, sir, we must
not, in issuing these new bonds, continue this
favoritism to the holders of the bonds. We
must allow them to be taxed as all other prop-
erty is taxed; and then the burden of taxa-
tion will fall equally upon the owners of every
species of property.
We are not now under the pressure of war,
and there is no necessity of that kind for ex-
empting these bonds from taxation. We are
proposing to adopt means by which to reduce
the amount of interest on our national indebt-
edness by pledging the faith of the Government
that we will give to those investing in our securi-
ties a bond which shall certainly be paid in a
given currency and not be taxed by the United
States. In this form the bond would be suffi-
ciently desirable to the holder without exempt-
ing it from local taxation.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to move the
following as a substitute for the pending sec-
tion :
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to issue coupon or registered bonds of the
United States in such form and of sucli denomina-
tions not less than $100 as lie may prescribe, i edeem-
able i'1 coin at the pleasure of the United States
alter twenty, thirty, and forty years respectively,
and bearing the following rates of yearly interest,
payable semi-annually in coin, that is to say: too
issue of bonds falling due in twenty years shall bear
interest at five per cent.; bonds falling due m thirty
years shall benv interest at four and a halt per cent.;
anil bonds falling duo in forty years shall bear^Mer-
est at four per cent.; which said bonds shiul be ex-
empt from taxation in any_form by or under fctate,
municipal, or local autlioiity, and the same onu the
interest thereon, and the income therefrom, shall bo
exempt from the payment of all taxes or duties to
the United States; and the said bonds and the pro-
ceeds thereof shall be exclusively used in exchange
for an equal amonntof any of the present interest-
bearing debt of the United States other than the
three per cent, certificates and dobrs past due or
maturing before the present fiscal year, anu may be
issued to an amount, m the aggregate, sufficient^ to
cover the principal of all outstanding or existing
obligations as limited herein, and no more; but not
exceeding ;?7O0,000,000 shall bo redeemablo at any
one time.
I suppose this substitute cannot be voted on
until the section shall be perfected, and 1 pro-
pose to reserve what I have to say upon the
question until the proposition can come up in
regular order.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I move
to amend the amendment by striking out the
last word. I regret very much that the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] has deemed
it his duty to introduce this proposition. While
I fully agree with what has been said by the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] as to the point
of the decision in 3 Wallace, that it is utterly
incompetent for the Congress of the United
States to confer upon any State of this Union
the power of taxation of United States secur-
ities, I desire to go still further and say that
it is utterly incompetent for the Congress of
the United States to surrender the power
vested in it to protect the national securities
against any sort of intervention on the part
either of States or of local municipalities.
I desire to call the attention of the House,
Mr. Chairman, to the logic of the great decis-
ion in the case of McCulloch vs. The State of
Maryland, to which reference has been made;
that is, it is essential to the self-preservation
of the nation, that with or without reservation
by act of Congress, these securities must be
protected from any interference by either State
or municipal authority. Having said this
much, Mr. Chairman, I may be pardoned in
saying it is the conviction of my own mind that
the proposition of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Niblack] isaproposition simply to make
secession and treason in this country easy, and
not only so but inevitable. The power ot tax-
ation in a State is an original power. It is of
the reserved powers of the State subject to the
limitations of the Constitution only, and where
ever they may assert it at all they may assert
it to the exclusion of every dollar of property
in the possession of the citizen.^ But, sir, for
the protection of American nationality, 1 de-
sire to say no State can under the Constitu-
tion rightfully impose one farthing of tax upon
the national securities, for the reason that the
protection of the national securities lor the
national defense against State intervention is
essential to national existence. Yet the gen-
tleman challenges us. I challenge him, sir,
to say whether, when this nation has under
the Constitution borrowed money for the
national defense and issued its bonds for its
repayment, a State may intervene and render
those bonds useless?
Mr. AXTELL. Was not the doctrine of
these decisions this: that the State ought not to
tax the property of the United States above
the United States rate of taxation?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; the decision,
the reasoning of Marshall is, that they cannot
tax the securities of the nation. It is capable
of mathematical demonstration. I think, that
the State cannot interpose its original power
of taxation against the right of sovereignty to
borrow money and issue bonds for its repay-
ment. The State cannot annihilate the jiower
of the nation to defend itself, for money is the
sinews of war. You cannot sustain armies in
the field, youcannotsustainnaviesuponthesea
without money ; and your Constitution having
wisely provided that for the common defense
Congress shall have power to borrow money,
and having the power to borrow it it has the
power to protect the bond which it issues for its
repayment against every power on God's earth.
I 'denounce the proposition, sir, as a proposi-
tion in favor of future rebellion, backed by the
authority of a State, and as iti favor of seces-
sion and the repudiation of our national secur-
ities. I for one invoke the opportunity to
record the vote by yeas and nays on such a
proposition as this.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to strike out the
last word. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman uom
Ohio wants the vote taken on this proposition
bv yeas and nays. I am not afraid ot the
proposition. I am not afraid to stand by it
here or anywhere else. And I will ma e another
