3162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
have a surplus to-day of forty per cent. Why
do they keep that surplus of forty per cent. ?
Why do they not divide it among their stock-
holders? For the reason that they expect you
, to take steps toward specie payments, and
when you do they know that they must pre-
pare themselves to pay in specie,'and they are
looking ahead to the possibility of having to
place themselves pn a gold basis. The small
banks, the banks in the interior, probably have
not this surplus ; but I tell you all far-seeing
men, all far-seeing banking institutions, desire
to return to a specie basis, and all who have
the good of the country at heart are preparing
to put themselves on a specie basis whenever
the proper time arrives. It is only necessary
for the Government to take a step toward put-
ting itself on a specie basis, and the banks will
do the same.
I do not agree with my friend from Indiana
that by merely fixing a time, without taking
any other step such as I have indicated, wc
shall secure a return to specie payments. The
banks have a/japital of $400,000,000 ; they are
required to keep in their vaults twenty per
cent, in legal tenders or gold. They have not
got gold because you do not make it necessary
for them to keep gold ; and the consequence is
they have §80,000,000 in legal tenders. When-
ever you say that you will return to specie pay-
ments without reducing the legal tenders, what
is to hinder the banks from pouring that mass
of legal tenders on you and taking your gold
entirely out of your Treasury, they taking the
ground, " We will prepare ourselves for the
emergency, and leave the Government to take
care of itself." For that reason, when we have
$350,000,000 of legal tenders in circulation we
cannot take that step. Reduce your legal tend-
ers to $150,000,000, or possibly $200,000,000,
and you might return to specie payments, be-
cause the banks as you reduced your currency
would be gradually drawing in their legal tend-
ers so as to keep themselves in condition to
present their $80,000,000 for gold whenever
you returned to specie payments, and place
themselves on a specie basis.
There is no way that I can see except either
to increase the gold in the Treasury by borrow-
ing the amount needed to put you in this con-
dition, or to reduce the volume of legal tenders
so that you will have specie in the Treasury to
meet them when presented. As soon as the
Government takes that step the banks will pre-
pare to resume, and they will be ready to redeem
their currency, and will place themselves in a
position to resume specie payments.
There are some other points that, as the dis-
cussion went on, presented themselves to my
mind, but I made no note of tliem, and I do
not recall them just at this moment.
Mi-. CAMERON. Mr. President, I rise to
move that the bill under discussion be laid on
the table. I do so because I am satisfied that
the discussion will not bring any result favor-
able to the country or agreeable to the Senate.
We have spent the whole day already ; no two
Senators have agreed, and it is one of those
subjects'on which you will never get two intelli-
gent men to agree as to the details. 1 am
satisfied that the whole discussion is no benefit
to the currency question, is an injury to the
country, and a great injury to the Republican
party. I want all these questions of doubt,
laid aside until after the election in November.
I hope by that time we shall have a Repub-
lican President,when we shall be able to go to
work and legislate safely and properly for the
benefit of the country. This question of cur-
rency and of banking, as I said the other day,
everybody understands so well that he will not
believe anybody else knows anything about it.
[Laughter.] I could talk for a week on this
subject and you would not be a bit wiser after
I was done than when I started. I will not
make a speech ; I content myself with moving
to lay the bill on the table.
Mi. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 24 : as follows:
YKAS— Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Chandler,
Conkling, Corbett, Frelinghuysen, Hendricks, Howe,
Morton, Patterson of Tennessee, Sprague, Trumbull,
Viekers, and Yates—14.
HAYS—-Messrs. Cattell, Cole, Davis, Doolittle,
Drake. Fessonden; Fowler, Ilarlan, Henderson, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pomerov, Ramsey, Itoss, Sherman, Sum-
ner, Tiptoft, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams,
and Wilson—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Conness,
Cragin, Dixon, Edmunds, Ferry, Grimes, Howard,
Johnson. MeCrecry, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Sauls-
bury, Stewart, and Thayer—15.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. Is it in order to present an
amendment to that amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. No. This is an amend-
ment to an amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from New
York asked whether it would promote resump-
tion if all the greenbacks were retired. The
Senator fiom New York must know that the
greenbacks are held as a reserve by the national
banks of the country. Your law compels
every national bank which is a depository to
retain one quarter of all its capital circulation
and deposits in lawful money of the United
States. Withdraw your greenbacks and they
must substitute gold or silver, for the}' must
retain this reserve. As your process goes on
of withdrawal your specie must flow in to take
its place. Hence I should answer the Senator
certainly, for yon have to substitute an equal
amount of coin for the greenbacks you have
retired, or nearly that amount.
Mr. President, it is an entire misapprehen-
sion that the issue of these $20,000,000 is
inflation of the currency. jBy reference to a
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, Ex-
ecutive Document No. 4, it will be found
that the States of Michigan, AVisconsin, and
Iowa, with eighteen members of Congress and
nearly three millions of population, have a
circulation of J!),011,000; while the three
States of Massachusetts, Connecticut, and
Rhode Island, with a representation of sixteen
members and a population of between two and
three million,'haveacirculation of $80,804,000,
or more than nine times the amount which is
awarded to the other three States.
Gentlemen argue that you must issue your
currency in proportion to wealth. Very well:
take that if you please ; I deny that there is
this excess of wealth in those three States. It
is t,aue that there are larger accumulations in a
few of the cities, but the masses of the popu-
lation of the three .States having $9,000,000
of circulation required as manj' dollars per
capita as the masses of the three States having
$8(>,000,000.
Mr. President, in those western States wealth
is more equally disseminated among the peo-
ple. Each farmer, each mechanic, and each
laboring man requires as many dollars in cur-'
rency to transact his business as the same
number of laboring men, farmers, and me-
chanics do either in Connecticut or Rhode
Island or Massachusetts. The three States I
have named have more currency than they can
possiblyciiculate within theirown limits ; that
currency seeks a vacuum to fill, and that
vacuum is found in the States of Wisconsin,
Iowa, and Michigan; and I name those three
States, not because they are the smallest, but
because they are a fair average. The State
of Michigan has a circulation of $",822,000.
It requires constantly $15,000,000 to move our
products, our lumber, our iron, our wool,
wheat, corn, and oats. It requires, I say,
( $15,000,000 constantly to carry on our business
!; operations. 'The difference between $3,822,000
ij and $15,000,000 has to be supplied from Mas-
sachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, and
other States that have an excess. We have
the capital, we have the will, we have the
wealth : we have everything except the oppor-
tunity to introduce this circulation. Now,
give us this opportunity and you send home to
Massachusetts, to Rhode Island, and to Con-
necticut what they do not require and cannot
use. * It is not an inflation of the currency; it
is simply driving home what we do not want,
driving frorxtour own circulation what we are
prepared to furnish ourselves if you will give *
us an opportunity. That is the operation of
this section ; it is not to inflate your currency
by any manner of means.
Mr. Presiden t, the very moment this govern-
ment is prepared to redeem its issues you*wiil
find your banking institutions prepared to re-
deem theirs. I am willing to-day to give free
banking facilities to all sections that require
them. Let your Government take care of its
paper, and let the banks take care of theirs.
Your security is ample; you issue ninety per
cent, only of the face of your Government
bonds. Those bonds are now worth 116, and
you have twenty-five per cent, margin. Let
the banks and the bankers take care of them-
selves. Whenever the Government is prepared
to resume specie payments, general resump-
tion will be at hand and at hand at once.
I repeat, sir, that this is no inflation. It
does not add a dollar to your circulating
medium. 'Those States that have more than
they can use will be compelled to surrender
their circulation, except what they require, and
not fill the vacuum of the West and the South.
There is where the excessive circulation in
Massachusetts, IihodeTsland,Connecticut, and
the other eastern States that have from fifty
to one hundred dollars per capita, whieh they
cannot use in those Stales, goes to ; they use
the excess in tilling the vacuums of the North-
west, the West, a"d the South.
The only portion of this bill that I consider
of any value whatever is the last section. The
first section is utterly atrocious ; but, sir, I
shall allude to that when it comes up for exam-
ination. The first section, I say, is atrocious.
Even the name of the bill should be changed
if you are going to pass that: it should be
characterized from that first, section as a bill to
enable a few banks and bankers in the great
cities of New York, Philadelphia, and Boston
to swindle the balance of the United States.
That is all of-it; it is nothing more and noth-
ing less. But, as I said before, I shall discuss
that when it comes up for discussion. I hope
this amendment of the Senator from Vermont
will not prevail. The last, section is the only
thing that would induce me to vote for the
bill at all, but it is virtually destroyed by the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not suppose it is
contemplated to complete the consideration of
this bill to-night, and as it is five o'clock I '
do not see the necessity of staying here any
longer, and staying every day to unusual hours.
I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator with-
draw his motion for a moment, that I may aiake
a statement in reply to the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Michigan ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator from
Rhode Island renew my motion?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well; I with-
draw it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Mich-
igan has arrayed the population and repre-
sentation of Wisconsin, Michigan, and Iowa
against the population and the representation
of Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Rhode
Island, showing how much larger a proportion
of the national currency is in the smaller
States.
Now, sir, if the currency was to be distrib-
uted according to population, his argument
would be a very sound one ; but I think it is
very apparent that the currency should be dis-
tributed according to business. An agricul-
tural population requires much less currency
than a manufacturing and mechanical popula-
tion. There is perhaps no better evidence of
that kind of business, of that kind of produc-
tion which requires a banking circulation, than
the returns of the internal revenue. Thethree
States which the Senator has named, Wiscon-
sin, Michigan, and Iowa, pay to the inter-
nal revenue $7,600,000. Rhode Island pays
