SUPPLEMENT TO
who shall transmit, convey, or obey any orders or in-
structions so issued contrary to the provisions of this
section, knowing that such orders were so issued, snail
be liable to imprisonment for not less than two nor
more than twenty years, upon conviction thereof in
any court of competent jurisdiction.
4*Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Xhat section
three of the joint resolution relative to appoin tments
to the Military Academy, approved June 16, 1866,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed."
**********
** Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the officers of the Army and Navy und
of the Freedmen's Bureau to prohibit and prevent
whipping or maiming of the person as a punishment
for any crime, misdemeanor, or offense, by any pre-
tended civil or military authority in any State lately
in rebellion until the civil government of such State
shall have been restored, and shall have been recog-
nized by the Congress of the United States.
44Sec. 6. Andbeitfurther enacted. That all military
forces now organized or in service in either of^the
States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi,
and Texas, be forthwith disbanded, and that the fur-
ther organization, arming, or calling into service of
the said militia forces, or any part thereof, is hereby
prohibited, under any circumstances whatever, until
the same shall be authorized by Congress."
"Approved March 2; 1867."
By order of the Secretary of War:
E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Official:
E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Question. You are still in command of the
department, as I understand?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Cross-examined by Mr. Stanueby:
Question. The paper which you had and
■which was read by the President on that day
was marked '* Orders No. 17," was it?
Answer. Fifteen or seventeen.
Question. This is fifteen, is the other seven-
teen ?
Answer. I think it was, but I will not be
sure.
Question. In that paper marked No. 17 was
tlie whole appropriation act printed and set out,
and was it in other respects like this?
Answer. In other respects like that. There
is one thing I wish to state. The copy on file
in my office contains the appropriation bill, and
I may have confounded them. It is numbered
seventeen.
Question. And it is your impression that the
paper read by you at the President's was the
same you had ?
Answer. That is my impression, although it
may have been that now before you. I cannot
say.
Question. As I understand you, when the
document No. 17 was sent to the officers of the
Army there was a discussion among them, you
said?
Answer. Yes.
Question. I see this document contains no
construction of that act, but simply gives the
act for their information ; is that so ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Upon reading the act, then, a dis-
cussion arose among the officers of the Army?
Answer. Yes.
Question. As to its meaning, or what?
Answer. A discussion with a view of ascer-
taining what an officer's obligations were under
that act.
Question. You had received no instructions
from the War Department or elsewhere except
what are contained in that document itself?
Answer. None whatever.
Question. It left you, then, to construe the
act?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Upon that you say that to settle
your doubts you applied to an eminent lawyer?
Answer. I had no doubt myself, but to
satisfy the doubts of others.
Question. Youappliedto an eminent lawyer?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And that gentleman whom you
applied to was Mr. Robert J. Walker ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Was it he that advised you that
you were bound to obey only orders coming
through General Grant, whether it was con-
stitutional or unconstitutional to send orders
in that way ?
Answer. The question of constitution was
not raised; it was only a question of whether
we were bound by that order.
Question. I understood you to say that the
answer was ''constitutional or not constitu-
tional," in your response to General Butler.
Answer. I made «, mistake, then. The
question was whether we were bound by it,
and I should like to correct it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. You may do so.
Mr. STANBERY. Certainly. [To the
witness.] You said in your former answer
that the advice was that you were bound to
obey it whether it was constitutional or not.
Answer. Until it was decided. We had no
right to judge of the Constitution—the officers
had not.
Question. That was the advice you got?
Anstoer. Yes, sir.
Question. Until it was decided—decided by
whom and where?
Answer. By the Supreme Court; and not
only that, after the decision is made it must
be promulgated to us in orders as null and void,
and no longer operating.
Question. When you said to the President
that he had approved something, did you speak
in reference to that Order No. 17 which con-
tained the whole of the act?
Answer. I did.
Question. What did you mean to say—that
he had approved the order, or had approved
the act ?
Answer. As far as we are concerned, the
order and the act are the same thing; and if
you will observe, it is marked " approved."
That means by the President.
Question. What is marked1' approved," the
order or the act?
Answer. The act is marked "approved."
The order contains nothing but the act, not a
word besides.
Question. Then the approval that you re-
ferred to was to the act?
Answer. I consider the act and the order
the same.
Question. But the word "approved" you
speak of was to the act?
Answer. Of course ; but as far as we are con-
cerned in the Army the act and the order are the
same thing.
Mr. Manager WILSON. Mr. President, we
now offer a duly authenticated copy of General
Emory's commission :
The President of the United States:
To all who shall see these prevents, greeting :
Know ye, that I do hereby confer on William II.
Emory, of the Army of the United States, by and with
the advice and conscnt of the Senate, the rank of
major general by brevet in said Army, to rank as
such from tho I i'f li day of March, in tho year of our
Lord 18G5, for gallant and meritorious services at the
battle of Cedar creek, Virginia; and I do strictly
charge and require all officers and soldiers to obey
and respect him accordingly; and he is to observe
and follow such orders and directions from time to
time as he shall receive from rae or the future Presi-
dent of the United States of America, and other offi-
cers set over him according to law, and tho rules and
discipline of war. This commission to continue in
force during the pleasure of the President of tho
United States for the time being,
Given under my hand at the city of Washington,
this 17th day of July, in the year of our Lord 1SCG,
and of tho ninety-first year of the independence of
the United States. ANDREW JOHNSON.
[Seal of the War Department.]
By the President:
EDWIN M. STANTON.
Secretary of War.
This is duly certified from the Department,
the certificate being as follows :
war department,
Adjutant General's Office,
March 24. 186S.
It appears from the rccords of this office that the
annexed document is a true copy of the original
commission issued to Brevet Major General W. Jl.
Emory, United States Army, from this office.
15. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Be it known that 13. D. Townsend, who has signed
the foregoing certificate, is an assistant adjutant
general of the Army of tho United States, and that
to his attestation as such full faith and credit are
and ought to be given.
In testimony whereof I, E. M. Stanton, Secretary
of War, have hereunto set my hand, and
[l. s.] caused the seal of tho Department of War of
tho United States of America to be affixed oil
this 24th day of March,
Secretary of War.
We also offer the order assigning General
Emory to the command of the department
of Washington :
[Special Orders, No. 426.]
Headquarters Ak.my of thk United States,
Adjutant General's Office.
Washington, August 27,18o7.
[Extract.]
25. Brevet Major General W.II. Emory will forth-
with relieve Brevet Major Genernl'Canby, in com-
mand of the department of Washington, and by
direction of the President is assigned to duty accord-
ing to his brevet of major general while exercising
such command.
By command of General Grant:
Assistant Adjutant General.
Official:
R D. TOWNSEND.
Assistant Adjutant General.
We now offer the order of the President, un-
der which General Thomas resumed his duties
as Adjutant General of the Army of the United
States:
Executive Mansion.
Washington, I>. C., February 13,18G8.
General: I desire that Brevet Major General
Lorenzo Thomas resume his duties as Adjutant Gen-
eral of the Army of the United Stntos.
Respectfully, yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
General U. S. Grant, commanding Army of the Uni-
ted States, Washington, J). 0.
It is the original order.
I now offer the original letter of General
Grant requesting the President to put in writ-
ing a verbal order which be had given him
prior to the date of this letter. Both the let-
ter and the indorsement by the President are
original.
Mr. STANBERY. Allow us to look at it.
Mr. Manager WILSON". Certainly.
[The letter was handed to counsel, and after
examination returned to the Managers.]
Mr. Manager WILSON. I will read it:
Headquarters Army or the United States,
Washington, D. C., January 24,1868.
Sir: I have the honor very respectfully to request
to have in writing the order which tho President gave
mo verbally on Sunday, the 19th instant, to disre-
gard the orders of Hon. E. M.Stanton as Secretary of
War until I knew from the President himself that
tliey were his orders.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, vour obe-
dient servant, U.S. GRANT, General.
His Excellency A. Johnson*
President of the United States.
Upon which letter is the following indorse-
ment:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., January 29,1363.
Andrew Johnson, President of the United States.
In reply to request of General Grant of the 24th
January, lS6tf, the President does fo, as follows:
As requested in thiscommunication. General Grant
is instructed in writing not to obey any order from
tho War Department assumed to be issued by the
direction of thcPresident,unless s>ueh oidei is known
by the General commanding the armies of tho Uni-
ted States to have been authorized by the Executive.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Mr. CAMERON. I should be glad to have
that read by the Clerk.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the order.
The Secretary read the letter of General
Grant and the indorsement last read by Mr.
Manager Wilson.
Mr. Manager WILSON. The next docu-
ment which we produce is a letter written by
the President of the United States to General
Grant of date of February 10, 18GB. It is the
original letter, and I send it to counsel that
they may examine it.
[The letter was handed to the counsel for
the President, and examined by them.]
Mr. STANBERY. Mr. Chief Justice, it
appears that this is a letter purporting to be a
part of a correspondence between General
Grant and the President. I ask the honorable
Managers whether it is their intention to pro-
duce the entire correspondence ?
Mr. Manager WILSON. It is not our in-
tention to produce anything beyond this letter
which we now offer.
