1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
again to his duty, and ask him to fill the offieo
ill order that a proper, responsible officer may
have charge of these various legal questions
arising under our revenue laws.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man whether it would not be as well to let the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Loo ah] prevail, so as to reduce as far as we
can the nominal appropriations for next year?
Mr. ALLISON. In reply to that, I would
say that I doubt very much whether it would
be proper economy to strike out this appro-
priation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It would
be an invitation to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury not to appoint.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw my amendment,
and move to add to the paragraph the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That until a solicitor is appointed in
accordance with law no part of tho moneys hereby
appropriated shall bo applied in payment of services
properly pertaining to such office.
Mr. BLAINE. I think that is a very proper
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of
the bill down to the following paragraph:
For additional clerks in the Pension Office, per acts
of April 7 aijd July 23,1866, $20,000.
Mr. BE AM AN. I move to amend that par-
agraph by striking out the word "additional"
and inserting -'temporary" in lieu thereof, and
also by striking out the words " per acts of
April 7 and July 23, 1866;" so that it will read:
For temporary clerks in the Ponsion Office,
$20,000.
I will state the reason for tWfe amendment.
According to the estimates submitted $41,000
is asked tor temporary and additional clerks.
This appropriation is proposed under two dis-
tinct acts, one providing §20,000 for temporary
clerks and the other providing $'21,000 for
additional clerks. The Committee on Appro-
priations are satisfied, and on consultation with
the Commissioner of Pensions he tells me that
he is also satisfied, that it will be sufficient to
allow $20,000, and therefore it has appeared
to the committee that it is better to amend this
paragraph as I have suggested.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
Office of the Commissioner of Pensions:
For stationery, engraving, and retouching plates
for bounty-land warrants, printing and binding the
same, office furniture, and repairing .tho same, and
miscellaneous-items, including two daily newspapers,
to be filed, bound, and proserved for tho use ot the
office, and for detection and investigation ot fraud.
$22,000.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to amend that par-
agraph by striking out " $22,000'' and inserting
" $40,000" in lieu thereof.
I am assured by the Commissioner of I en-
sions that it would be utterly impossible for
the bureau to go on with its operations with-
out this appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
For enabling the Secretary of the Interior to rent
such rooms in the vicinity ot tho Department, foi the
use of tho Pension Offieo, as may bo deemed necessary
for the transaction of business of that office, from
November 1,1867, to June 30,1860, $3,000
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to amend this par-
agraph by striking out the words^ from No-
vember 1, 1807, to June 80,186J. It will be
observed, by examining this paragraph, that it
proposes to make an appropriation to cover
what in point of fact is a deficiency. As this
is only an appropriation for the next fiscal
year, the words I have indicated should be
St Air'eTBO WBRIDGE. If that is the condr
tion of the matter, then I move to strike out
the entire paragraph. I do it lor this reason .
we are now constructing a building for the
Department of Agriculture.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to strike
out the paragraph will not be in order until the
amendment to perfect the paragraph has been
disposed of.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Beaman, and it was agreed to.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. 1 now move to strike
out the entire paragraph as amended. I do so
for this reason; before the lime arrives when
this appropriation is to take effect, the Depart-
ment of Agriculture will have vacated all the
rooms it occupies in tho lower part of the
building for tho Department of the Interior.
I do not see any necessity for making appro-
priations to rent rooms when the Department
of the Interior can have all those rooms when
vacated for the use of the Pension Office.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Trowbridge]
knew the Commissioner of Pensions as well as
I do he would not suppose he would make any
expenditure that was not necessary.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. On that statement
I will withdraw my motion to strike out.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew the motion to
strike out the paragraph for the purpose of
calling the attention of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne J to the fact that the
money which it is proposed hereby to appro-
priate is to bo placed in the hands of the Sec-
retary of the interior, and the Commissioner
of Pensions will have nothing to do with it. I
ask the gentleman if he ever knew an appro-
priation not to be expended if made?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
known some such instances.
The question was taken upon the motion to
strike out, and it was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following clause, under the heading of
" Office of Paymaster General," was read :
For throe clerks of class four, $5,400. ^
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
striking out " fifty-four " and inserting "five
thousand and fourso that it will read "five
thousand four hundred dollars."
The motion was agreed to.
The following clause under the same head-
ing was then read:
For two clerks of class throe, $3,200.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to amend this bill
by inserting after the clause just read the fol-
lowing :
For three clerks of class three, authorized by clause
in the act of February 25,1863, 61,800; Provided, That
tho said clerks shall not bo continued after the 30th
of June, 1869.
I will state very briefly the reason for pro-
posing this amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The amend-
ment is right.
Mr. BLAINE. We will agree to it.
Mr. BEAMAN. If there is no objection to
the amendment, there is no necessity for ex-
plaining it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following clausc, under the heading
"Office of Commissary General," was read:-
For one clcrk of class four, $1,800; one olerk of
class three, $1,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
striking out "eighteen hundred" and insert-
ing "one thousand eight hundred." This
may appear to be a small matter, but the
amendment is necessary to make this clause
correspond with the general draft of the bill.
It was for that reason I moved a similar amend-
ment a few moments since.
Mr. BLAINE. I think the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
is very proper. It is merely a verbal amend-
ment, which should be made, so that the bill
may correspond throughout in that respect.
The amendment of Mr. Mayxard was
agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope the Clerk -will be
directed to make similar corrections wherever
necessary.
The CHAIRMAN. That will be done if
there be no objection.
No objection was made.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following paragraph having been read—
Office of Military Justice:
For one eierk of class four, one clerk of class three,
one clerk of class two, and two clerks of class "one,
§7,200—
Mr. WOODWARD said: I move to "strike
out the paragraph just. read. I do not know
when the Bureau of Military Justice was estab-
lished, or by what law. I suppose it was estab-
lished during the late war for the purposes of
that war. The war having ceased, I think this
bureau should also cease. Because I believe
that this Bureau of Military Justice ought not
to exist, 1 am opposed to this appropriation for
its clerks. Without professing any particular
knowledge in regard to the history or purposes
of the bureau, I will say that, in my judgment,
it has brought more.disgrace upon this country
than any other institution or department that
has ever been administered under this Govern-
ment. And if this bureau ever had any virtue
or utility, it has ceased to have it since the
war has terminated, and the sooner we blot it
out from our laws, and, if possible, from the
history of this country, the better for our char-
acter as a nation. I believe that in the man-
ner in which it has been administered it has
been a disgrace to us. Instead of giving it
clerks we should abolish the bureau.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Can the gentleman
point out any case in which injustice has been
perpetrated or disgrace brought upon the coun-
try by that bureau ?
Mr. WOODWARD. I am speaking in a
general way. I know that the question of the
continuance of the bureau is not now before
us; we are dealing now with the question of
paying the clerks of that bureau. If I had the
time, either now or hereafter, I believe I could
fortify the remark I have made, that the ad-
ministration of this Bureau of Military Justice
has been a disgrace to the country. 1 believe
the bureau has violated the rights of citizens,
and has done the country no service either
during the war or since. 1 am not disposed to
question the good motives with which it was
established. 1 am willing to coueede that dar-
ing the war some department of that kind
may have been thought to be necessary ; but
I do not understand—and unless the chairman
of the committee can make such an explana-
tion as I do not anticipate I do not expect to
understand—how we can need such an institu-
tion in these times of peace.
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman will per-
mit me I will give an explanation. I feel very
modest in correcting the gentleman upon a
question of law; but 1 will state that the Bureau
of Military Justice, although not called by pre-
cisely that name, has always existed in the
Army. The office of Judge Advocate General
for the revision of the proceedings of courts-
martial and for the general discipline of the
military establishment, has always existed in
the Army; and the act of June 20,1864, merely
put it into permanent form, providing for a
Bureau of Military Justice, "to which shall be
returned for revision the records and proceed-
ings of all courts-martial, courts of inquiry,
and military commissions of the armies of the
United States, and in which a record shall be
kept of all proceedings had thereupon." The
act then goes on to define the officers, clerks,
&c., that shall constitute the bureau. This
appropriation is in precise accordance with the
law. I do not think it worth while upon a mere
question of appropriating for clerks in pursu-
ance of law to enter into a wide discussion of
the question involved in the remarks which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has thrown out.
I hardly think his motion would be in order 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
raise a question of order upon the amend-
ment?
Mr. BLAINE. No, sir; I think it might as
well be voted upon after the remarks for and
against it.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward]
has expired.
