1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3163
$5,000,000, two thirds as rduch as those three,
States combined ; aud Massachusetts, Connec-
ticut, and Rhode Island together pay $40,600,-
**000 of internal revenue, against $7,600,000 in
the States he has adduced as having a smaller
circulation.
1 do not know but that the circulation ought
to be equalized. Perhaps there is a larger
proportion of the circulation in those States
which first felt the necessity of obtaining it,
and which if they did not feel that necessity,
having a banking circulation that was driven
out ot existence by the taxation of the Gov-
ernment, were compelled to take the national
circulation. But certainly there ought to be
a very great disproportion as estimated by pop-
ulation between the States which the Senator
from Michigan has brought up in comparison
with each other.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought the Senator
from Rhode Island was going to renew the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I pledged myself to renew the motion
to adjoufn, which I now do ; but I hope it will
be voted down.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall have a
vote on the question we have debated so long.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope my friend from
Rhode Island will withdraw the motion to
adjourn that I may offer a resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is in the hands of the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well.
kecept10n Off TIXB CIlINEhE EMBASSY.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following reso-
lutions :
llenolved. That Mr. Burlingame and his associates
of the Chinese embassy be invited to visit the Senate
at one o'cioek of Wednesday noxt.
liesolved, That a committee ot three be appointed
by the Chair to wait upon them and introduce them
to the Senate. .  
If the Senate will allow me, I will make an
explanation with regard to the precedent that
I have followed in drawing these resolutions.
It is the precedent of Louis Kossuth, who was
received by the Senate in January, 1852.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I did
not yield for the purpose of a speech.
Mr. SUMNER, i am not going to make a
speech ; I hope the Senator will pardon me ;
1 am only going to read from the Journal of
the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My motion is pending
to adjourn if the Senator intends to make an
argument on these resolutions.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say nothing that I
think the Senator himself will not be willing
to hear; I wish simply to read the record troin
the Journal of the Senate on a kindred case.
On the 8th of December, 1851, Mr. Shields
moved the following resolution :
"Resolved, That a committee of three be appoint-
ed by tiic Chair to wait upon Louis Kossuth on his
ariival at the capital and introduce him to the
Senate."
After discussion that passed by 80 yeas and
15 nays. Afterward a select committee ot
three are appointed consisting of Mr. Shields,
Mr. Seward, and Mr. Foote of Mississippi.
This committee, by Mr. Shields, reported after-
wards as follows:
"That the committee recommend that the same
proceedings be pursued as in the case ot General
La fayette, tu wit: that the ehaii man of the commit-
tee introduce him i n t h ese words: We present Louis
Kossuth to the tScnate of the United States; upon
which the Senators are recommended to rise, and
the President will invito him to be seated.
"The report was reads and on motion,
"Jiesuhcd, That the Senate agree theieto."
Afterward, under date of January 5, 1852,
I find the following entry :
"At one o'clock Louis Kossuth was conducted into
the Chamber of the senate by the committee ap-
pointed for the purpose ; and  
" Mr. Shields, as chairman ot the committee,
introduced him to the Senate.
"The Senate having risen, the I resident pro tempore
addressed him as follows:
"Louis Kossuth: I welcome you to the Senate oi
the United States. The committee will conduct you
to the seat which 1 have caused to be prepared tor you.
" The Senators having resumed their seats.
" On motion by Mr. Mangcm,
" That the Senate adjourn, in order that the mem-
bers may present their respects to Louis Kossuth
individually,
" It was determined in the affirmative; and
"TheSenatc adjourned."
Mr. HENDRICKS. Who does the Senator
propose shall repeat that to the Chinese?
Mr. SUMNER. The President of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. YAN WINKLE. I move to amend
the resolutions by inserting Thursday instead
of Wednesday. Wednesday is set apart for
bills of the Pension Committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg to say to the Senator
that it will not take more than twenty minutes.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. But if as in the other
case the Senate adjourn 
Mr. SUMNER and others. No, no.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. 1 withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I am
opposed to these resolutions, although I do
not intend to consume time in debating them.
I will simply state what action, in my opinion,
ought to be taken, and for that I believe also
there is precedent. It is, if the chairman of
our Committee on Foreign Relations thinks it
expedient, that Mr. Burlingame and his peo-
ple may appear here informally, and that a
simple motion that the Senate take a recess
for fifteen or twenty miniites be submitted and
agreed to. I do not think this is a case resem-
bling that of the visit of La Fayette to the Fed-
eral city, or can be put upon a similar footing.
I think it is a visit perhaps as much of curiosity
upon both sides as anything which can be
imagined. The convenient, and proper mode
for disposing of this subject by the Senate is,
when these persons arrive here, to simply take
a recess of fifteen minutes, and let members
see them. I submit, therefore, that the best
way will be to either adjourn or lay these reso-
lutions on the table, and then let the other
course be adopted.
The resolutions were agreed to ; and Messrs.
Sumner, Sherman, and Jon.xsox were ap
pointed the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is, by
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hexdricks,]
moved that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 25 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalcw. Cameron, Chandler,
Conness, Corbett. Davis, Doolittle, fessenden. Fow-
ler. Hendricks, McCrcery, Morton, Patterson of Ten-
nessee. Ramsey, Sprague, Tipton, and Vickero—17.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Cattoll, Colo. Conli-
ling. Cragin. Drake, Frelinclmyspn. Harlan.Hender-
son, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill ot Vermont,
Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pormiroy. ltoss,
Sherman. .Stewart, Sumner. Trumbull._Van Wulkle,
Wade, Williams, Wilson, a.nd Yates—25.
A13SENT — Messrs. Iiayard, Dixon, jidmunds.
Ferry, Grimes, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Norton,
Saulsbury, Thayer, and Wiiley—12.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
IIOUSB BILL IlEFlilUtED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 291) giviug
additional compensation to certain employes
in the civil service of the Government in Wash-
ington, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House insisted upon its amendmentto
the bill of the Senate (S. No. 18-1) granting a
pension to Mrs. Ann Corcoran, and agrees to
the conference asked by the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon ; and
has appointed Mr. Van* Aernam of New York,
Mr. Miller of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Burr
of Illinois, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 53-1) relating to
contested elections in the city of Washington,
District of Columbia.
NATIONAL BANKS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senate bill
No. 440 is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole, and the question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] to the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, .
resulted—yeas 16, nays 27 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Corbett, Crania,
Fessendcn, Harlan, Morgan. Morrill of Maine.'Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Van Winkle, Vickcrs, Wiiley, and Wil-
son—16.
NAYS —Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Cattell,
Chandler, Cole, Uonkling, Davis, Drake, Fowler,
Frelinjrhuysen, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Mc--
Creery, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Ross, Sherman, Spraguc, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton,
Trumbull. Wade, Williams, and Yates—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Dixon. Doolittle, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Giimes, Howard, Johnson, Norton,
Saulsbury, and Thayer—11.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The next ques-
tion is on the adoption of the section itself?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Thatamend-
ment is the adoption of the last section?
The PRESIDENT-£>ro tempore. Yes, sir;
tfiat is the question.'
Mr. DAVIS. I offer an amendment to the
*fifth section, to strike out all after the enacting
clause  
Mr. SHERMAN. That amendment is not
yet in order. The final vote is not taken on
the section.
Mr. DAVIS. This is a substitute for it.
The PRESIDENTj -o<« y5ore. The amend-
ment of the committee is not yet disposed of.
Mr. C0NKLING-. The Senator from Ken-
tucky offers a substitute for the pending amend-
ment of the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer a substitute for the fifth
section of the pending amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is in
order.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strikeout all of the
section after the enacting clause, and to insert:
That there shall be withdrawn by the Comptroller
of tile Currency from the banks of any State or Ter-
ritory that may have an nxeess of circulation notes
upon the principle ofthoir distribution as regulated
by law and the rules established by the Treasury
Department, and the circulation notes so withdrawn
shall bo distributed bythc Comptroller of the Cur-
rency among the national banks ot such States and
Tenitories as may have less than their proper pro-
portion ot circulation notes.
I will say a word or two upon this amend-
ment. It seems to be admitted here that some
of the States have two or three times more
than their proportion of the circulation notes.
There is a great opposition to inflation and to
the increase of the public debt; and I feel all
that opposition myself; but it comes directly
and most actively from the States that have
this excess of circulation notes, and especially
from the New England' States. Now, if the
honorable Senator from Vermont, and the
other Senators from that portion of the Union
are so strenuous in their opposition 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will appeal to the
Senator from Kentucky, if he will allow me,
to know if he will give way for an adjournment?
It is evident that we cannot get through with
this measure to night, and it is now nearly
half past live o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS. As my remarks would extend
for some fifteen or twenty minutes, I would
prefer to give way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move, then, that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for a division on
that motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL I think we had better
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire, with the leave
of the Senate, to say one word ou this motion.
I object to the adjournment on the statement
made to me by the Senator from Maiue, [Mr.
Morrill,] that he desires to take up an ap-
propriation bill to-morrow. If the Senate
desires to continue this bill to-morrow 1 liave
no objection to the adjournment; but 1 do not
want to adjourn now, and when we meet to-
morrow find this measure antagonized with an
