82
SUPPLEMENT TO
That is an answer to the statement referred
.to and made a part of the letter.
Mr. Manager WILSON. I _ suppose the
counsel does not claim that this is not the let-
ter complete. We propose, to offer nothing
beyond that, and this letter is in evidence.
Mr. STANBERY. We wish to make the
point, Mr. Chief Justice, that the gentlemen
are now bound to produce those communica-
tions as a part of that letter.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the counsel
object to the introduction of the letter without
the accompanying pacers ?
Mr. STANBERY.' Certainly.
Mr. Manager WILSON. I submit, Mr.
President, that the objection comes too late,
even if it would have been of force if made at
the proper time. The letter has been sub-
mitted and read, and is in evidence now.
Mr. STANBERY. We assumed that you
were going to read the whole of it.
Mr. Manager WILSON. The whole of the
letter has been read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
is of opinion that the objection may now be
taken. [To the counsel for the respondent. ]
Do you object to the introduction of the letter
without the accompanying papers?
Mr. STANBERY. We do, sir.
Mr. EVARTS. Our point is that these in-
closures form a part of the communication
made by the President to General Grant; and
we assumed that they would be read as a part
of it when the letter was offered.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. We desire to
state, Mr. President, that we claim that we are
under no obligation by any rule of evidence
whatever, in introducing a written statement
of the accused, to give in evidence the state-
ments of third persons referred to generally
by him in that written statement. In the lirst
place, their statements, we say, would not bo
evidence against the President at all. They
would be hearsay. They would not be the
best evidence of what the parties aflhmed.
The matter contained in the letter of the Pres-
ident >hows that the papers, without-producing
them here, have relation to a question of fact
between himself and General Grant, which
question of fact, so far as the President is con-
cerned, is hllirmed in this letter by himself
and for himself, and concludes him : ami we
insist that if forty members of his Cabinet
were to write otherwise it could not affect this
question. It concludes him ; it, is his own
declaration ; and the matter of dispute be-
tween himself and General Grant, although it
is referred to in this letter, is no part of the
matter upon which we rely in this accusation
against the President.
Mr. STANBERY and Mr. CURTIS. We
rely upon it.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Of com so the
gentlemen rely on it; but they ask us to in-
troduce matter which we say by no rule of evi-
dence is admissible at all, and for the reason
which I have staled already ; it is no I, the highest
evidence of the fact. It we are to have the
testimony of t he members of this Cabinet about
a matter of fact, and, as I said before, this
letter discloses that it is a matter of fact, 1
claim that the highest evidence, so far as they
are concerned, is not their unsworn letter, but
is their sworn testimony ; and that by no rule
of evidence is the letter admissible. I admit
that if the letters, according to the statement
here, showed a statement adopted by the Presi-
dent himself in regard to the matter with which
we charge him. it would be a somewhat ditierent
question, although it would not take it then
entirely out of the rule of evidence : but any-
body can see by this reference that it is not the
point at all. I venture to say that in these
letters, when the gentlemen come to offer them
in evidence here and we come to consider them,
there is not a single statement of any Cabinet
officer whatever that will in any manner qualify
the confession of the President written upon
the paper now read that his purpose was to
preventthe execution of the tenure-of-oftlce act
and prevent the Secretary of War, after being
confirmed by the Senate, and his suspension
being non-concurred in, from entering upon
forthwith and resuming, as that law requires,
the duties of his office. That is the point of
this matter. We introduce it for the purpose
of showing the President's confession of his
intent, and we say that in every point of light
we can view it, for the reasons I have already
stated, the letters referred to of the Cabinet
ministers are foreign to the case, and we are
under no obligation to introduce them, and in
our judgment have no right to introduce them
at all, being wholly irrelevant.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. President—
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Before you pro-
ceed the counsel for the President will please
to state their objection in writing.
The objection was reduced to writing and
sent to the desk.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the objection made by the counsel for the
President.
The Secretary read as follows :
The counsel for the President object that tho letter
is not in evidenco in the case unless the honorable
Managers shall also read the inclosures therein re-
ferred to and by the letter made part oi the same.
Mr. STANBERY. Mr. Chief Justice, is
the question now before your Honor or before
the court?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Before the body.
Mr. STANBERY. Before the body?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Before the court.
Mr. STANBERY. The Managers read a
letter from the President to use against him
certain statements that are made in it, and
perhaps the whole ; we do not know the object.
They say the object is to prove a certain intent
with regard to the exclusion of Mr. Stanton
from office. In the letter the President refers
to certain documents which are inclosed in it
as tin owing light upon the question and ex-
plaining his own views. Now, I put it to hon-
orable Senators : suppose lie had copied these
letters in the body of his letter, and had said
just, as he says here, "1 lefer you to these;
these are part of my communication," could
any one doubt that these copies, although they
come from other persons, would be admis-
sible? 1 le makes them his own. lie chooses
to use them as explanatory of his letter. He
is not willing to let that letter go alone ; he
sends along with it certain explanatory matter.
Now, you must admit, if he had taken the
trouble to copy them himself in thebody of his
letter, they 'mist, be read. Suppose he attaches
them, makes them a part, calls them 11 exhib-
its,'' affixes them, attaches them to the letter
itself by tape or seal or otherwise, must they
not be read as part of the communication, as
the very matter which he has introduced as
explanatory, without which he is not willing to
send that letter? Undoubtedly. Does the
form of the thing alter it? Is ho not careful
to send the documents not in a separate pack-
age, not in another communication, but en-
closed in the letter itself, so that when the let-
ter is read the documents must be read? it
seems to mo there cannot be a question but
that they must read the whole and not merely
the letter; for it was the whole that the Presi-
dent sent to be read to give his views, and not
nieiely the letter unconnected with these doc-
uments.
Mr. Manager WILSON. Mr. President,
the Manageis do not care to protract this dis-
cussion. We have received fiora the files of
the proper Department a letter complete in
itself, a letter written by the President and
Mgncd by the President, in which, it is true,
he refers to certain statements made by mem-
bers ot the Cabinet touching a question of
veracity pending between the President and
Gfneral Grant. Now, we insist that that ques-
tion has nufhing to do with this case. Every-
thing contained in t.he loiter which can by any
possibility be considered as relevant to the
case is tendered by offering the letter itself;
and the statement of the President referring to
the alleged inclosures shows that those inclo-
sures relate exclusively to that question of
veracity pending between himself and the
General, and are in no wise connected with
the issue pending between the President and
the representatives of the people in this case.
We are willing to submit this point without
further discussion.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Does the honor-
able Manager consider himself entitled to read
an extract from the letter containing so much
of it as would bear upon his immediate object
without reading the whole letter ?
Mr. Manager WILSON. We read all there
is of the fetter.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. That is not the
question. Would the honorable Manager con-
sider himself entitled to read so much of tlio
letter as bore upon his immediate object with-
out reading the whole?
Mr. Manager WILSON. I will state, in
reply to the question propounded by the Pies-
ident, that we, of course, expect to use the
letter for any proper purpose connected with
the issues of the case.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will submit the objection to the consideration
of the Senate. The Secretary will read the
objection.
The Secretary read as follows:
The counsel for tlie Presiaentobjeetthat the letter
is not evidence in the ease unless the honorable Man-
agers shall also lead the inclosures therein referred
to and by the letter made part of the same.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, may I
ask a question? I call for the reading of the
words in the letter relied upon now for this
purpose. I send my question to the Chair in
writing.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question proposed by the Senator
from New York.
The Secretary read as follows:
The counsel fur the respondent will plenseread tile
words in the letter relied upon touching inclosures.
Mr. Stasbeky read as follows:
" \ t, : The extraordinary character of your
letter of the 3d instant would seem to preclude any
reply on my part,: but the manner in which publicity
has been given to the correspondence of which that
letter forms a part, and the grave questions which
are involved, induce me to take this mode of £i\ ing,
as a proper sequel to the communications v, Inch liavo
passed between us, the statements of the live mem-
bers of the Cabinet who weie present on the occasion
of our conversation on the 11th ultimo. Copies of
the letters which they have addressed to me upon tho
snbjectare accordingly herewith incIo^cd.''
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, yon who
are of opinion that the objection of the coun-
sel for the President be sustained will say
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yens and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The CHIEF J PSTICE.- Senators, you who
are of opinion that the objection of the coun-
sel for the President be sustained will answer
''yea" as your names are called ; those of the
contrary opinion will answer " nay."
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for information, whether,
if this objection is sustained, it has the effect
of ruling out the letter as evidence altogether?
The CHIEF J USTICE. It has.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. Presjdent, I would
desire, if it is proper, that the q'uestion should
be put in a different iorin ; that it should be au
affirmative vote.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. This is an affirm-
ative form.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish the Chair would
state the question.
The CHIEF J USTICE._ Senators, yon who
are of opinion that the objection of the coun-
sel for the President be sustained v, ill, as your
names are called, answer "' yea those of the
contrary opinion, "nay." If the yeas cany
it the effect will be to exclude the evidence.
If the nays carry it tho effect will be to admit i<.
Mr. E\rARTS. To exclude it, unless tlie
inclosures are also offered, if our objection
prevail.
Mr. ANTHONY. Air. President, perhaps
I am rather dull, but T do not preekeU ui:ee:-
stand the effect of the decision ot this question.
A negative vote admits the evidence I under-
stand.
