1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
proceedings under said notice and in general
in relation to said assessment are hereby made
as valid and legal as they would have been had
the assessment been valid from its commence-
ment.
Section two provides that the time within
which the assessor is required to deliver the
assessment list to the collector shall be within
twenty days from the passage of this act.
Section three provides that the lien provided
tor by the thirty-third section shall be and re-
main m force during two years after the taxes
assessed m accordance with the first section of
the act shall be due and payable.
The last section provides for the payment
e JJecessary expenses of procuring copies
of the State assessment list and foradvertising
upon the approval of the Secretary of the
lreasury.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
reporting of the-bill for present consideration 1
Mr. MUNGEN. 1 object.
Mr.. NICHOLSON. I hope not. I can
explain it in a moment.
Mr. MUNGEN. The bill is retroactive, ex
post facto in its operation.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Allow me a moment
to explain.
Mr. MUNGEN. If the gentleman from
Delaware [Mr. Nicholson] is satisfied I with-
draw my objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will merely state that
we have reported the bill back as introduced
by the gentleman from Delaware and as ap-
proved by the Treasury Depariment without
any amendment whatever.
Mr. NICHOLSON. This legislation is made
necessary in consequence of the postponement
of the operation of the law imposing a direct tax
of $'20,000,000 on the real estate of the country.
By that act the land was required to be assessed
according to its value in April, 1862. The
collection of this tax has been postponed by
act of Congress till the present time, and now
this legislation is necessary in order to enable
the assessor and collector of the district of
Delaware to collect this tax, for it is impossible
to go back now in making the proper assess-
ment to the value of the property in 1862. We
desire simply to legalize the assessment which
has been made according to the value of the
property in 1867. That is the entire object of the
bill. It applies to the State of Delaware alone.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mary e. seay.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee of Claims was
discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of Mary E. Seay, for compensa-
tion for services rendered to the United States
in the late war, and the same was referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
removal of assessoits and collectors.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask consent to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to forthwith furnish this House with copies
of all communications from the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue sinec June 1, 1807, relating to the
removal or appointment ot assessors or collectors, and
how many have been removed on the recommenda-
tions of said Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. WOOD objected.
distribution of revenue stamps.
Mr. BAKER submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read,considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That for the better accommodation of the
people the Committee of Ways and Means bo in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amend-
ing the internal revenue law as to provide lor the
distribution of Government stamps through, the post
offiec or otherwise.
WILLIAM CONNELY.
- Mr. MULLINS. The petition of William
Connely, a citizen of Pennsylvania, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and of the War of 1812. It does not
ask for a pension, but for compensation for
labor done and materials furnished at one of
the navy-yards. I move that the committee
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
By unanimous consent the motion was en-
tertained and agreed to.
legal expenses of tkeasury department.
Mr. JENCIvES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of tho Treasury bo
directed to furnish to this House a statement of tho
amounts paid by or through tho Treasury Depart-
ment and every bureau thereof during cach year
sinec lSUOforlegal services, in addition to tho amounts
paid to salaried officers, including all sums paid for
legal services whether as fees, costs, commissions,
special allowances, or traveling or other expenses,
with tho names of the persons to whom money has
boon paid, with tho amount to each, specifying tho
cases or business in which such services have been
rendered; and also to state whether any amounts are
now claimed for similar services hitherto rendered
and by whom; and also what persons if any, other
than the officers authorized bylaw, are now employed
as counsel by said Department and lor what compen-
sation, and how paid or agreed to be paid, and un-
der what authority such counscl have been retained
or employed, and for what purpose.
niagara ship-canal.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
report to this House the surveys, plans, and esti-
mates of cost, for a ship-canal to connect Lakes Erie
and Ontario or the navigable waters thereof, made
in pursuance of joint resolution No. 0 of the iirst ses-
sion of tile Fortieth Congress, approved March '£2,1S67.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
israel s. diuhl.
Mr. SCHENCK. "I desire to report from
tho. Committee of Ways and Means a joint
resolution to reimburse Israel S. Dielil for
money deposited on account of duty on im-
ported animals. I can explain it in one mo-
ment if there is any objection.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read, and then the Chair will ask for objec-
tions.
The Clerk read the joint resolution. It
authorizes and directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Israel S. Dielil the sum of
$135 in gold, being money deposited with the
collector of the port of New York on the 2!>th
of November, 1867, on account of duties on
the importation from Asia Minor of one hun-
iSdred and thirty-five Angora goats for tho pur-
pose of breeding and the increase of that variety
of wool-bearing animals.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 will say that it was
questioned whether these goats—Cashmere and
Angora goats—introduced for the purpose of
building up, as'it is thought may be done suc-
cessfully, a new interest in this country, were
liable to pay duty. The money was deposited
and the question reserved. This man has had
to pay the duties, and it is proposed now to
refund tho money according to the principle
which has prevailed in relation to such mat-
ters. The duties have been paid, although I
believe about one fourth of the animals have
died. The man who introduced them lias suc-
ceeded inestablishingthe fact that we can have
this kind of animal brought, here and made,
perhaps, one of those things that will add very
much to the industrial interests of this country.
We propose simply that these duties shall be
refunded to him, in order to encourage the
object in which he is engaged.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has this
been referred to the Treasury Department ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
Secretary of the Treasury recommend that
these duties shall be refunded?
Mr.. SCHENCK. I am not certain that he
desires that these duties shall be refunded, but
the whole subject, has been investigated by the
Committee of Ways and Means, and the facts
are as I have stated. We are satisfied that the
joint resolution should be passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why not
let this joint resolution go to the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar?
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman insists
upon it it must go there I suppose. But there
is no necessity for it, as there, is really no ap- *
propriation in the joint resolution, the amount
which it *is proposed to refund remaining in the
Treasury, without having gone into the Treas-
ury account. ■
Mr. ROBINSON. I hope this joint, reso-
lution will be referred to the Committee of the
Whole. This kind of legislation, without full
opportunity for investigation, I think, is very
wrong.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would prefer that the
joint resolution should be passed at once.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there are but two or three bills on the Private
Calendar, and this would be soon reached.
Mr. ROBINSON. I withdraw my objection
to the consideration of the joint resolution at
this time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to its consideration now ; let it go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 202) to
reimburse Israel S. Diehl for money deposited
in the Treasury on account of duty on imported
animals was received, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar.
legal expenses ok war department.
Mr. JENCKES. I have three other reso-
lutions, similar to the one I offered a short
time since, calling upon the Departments for
an account of their expenses for legal services,
which I desire to offer now; and first I ask
unanimous consent to offer the following res-
olution for consideration at this time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish to this Iloase a statement of the amounts
paid by the War Department ami every bureau
thereof during each year since 1860 for legal services,
in addition to the amounts paid to salaried officers,
including all sums paid for legal services, whether
as fees, costs, commissions, special allowances, or
traveling or other expenses, with the names of the
persons to whom money has been paid, with the
amount to each, specifying the eases or business in
which such services have been rendered; and also to
state whether any amounts are now claimed for sim-
ilar services hitherto rendered, and by whom: and
also what persons, if any, other than the officers au-
thorized bylaw, are now employed as counscl by said
Department, and for what compensation, and how
paid or agreed to be paid, and under what authority
such counsel have been retained and employed, and
lor what purposes.
No objection was made.
The resolution was accordingly received and
adopted.
legal expenses of attorney general.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent, also
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted ;
Resolved, That the Attorney General be directed to
furnish to this House astatementof the amounts paid
during each year since 18b0 to counsel who have been
employed to assist the Attorney General or the dis-
trict attorneys in cases in which the United States have
been interested, whether as fees, costs, commissions,
special allowances, ortravelingorotherexpenses,with
the names of persons to whom money has been paid,
withthe amount to each, specifying the cases or busi-
ness m which services have been rendered: and also to
state whether any amounts are now claimed for sim-
ilar services hitherto rendered, and by whom; and
also what persons, if any, other than the officers
authorized by law, are now employed as assistant
counsel m his Department, and for what compensa-
tion and how paid or agreed to be paid, anil under
what authority such counsel have been retained and
employed, and for what purposes.
legal expenses of state department.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent, also
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed
to turnish to this House a statement of the amounts
J,y i s:,tatc Ucpartmentduring cach year since
lopu tor legal services, whether as fees, costs, com-
missions, special allowances, or traveling or other
expenses, with the names of the persops to whom
money has been paid, with the amount to each, speci-
fying the eases or business in which such services
have been rendered; and also to state whether any
amounts aro now claimed for similar services hith-
erto rendered, and by whom ; and also what persons.
