THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It does.
Mr. ANTHONY. And an affirmative vote
excludes it
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Unless the in-
cisures are produced and read.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, lis-
tening to the question asked by the Senator
from Rhode Island, I presume he desires to
know whether the letter with the inclosures
can afterward be read as evidence, even if the
objection be sustained.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Undoubtedly it
excludes the evidence only in the case that the
inclosures be not read.
Mr. HENDERSON. So I understand.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the Secretary.)
Call the roll.
The Secretary called the roll down to the
name of Mr. O.vmeiiox.
Mr._J0IINS0N._ Mr. Chief Justice, I do
not think the question is understood.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The roll is being
called.
Mr. JOHNSON. The question is not un-
derstood evidently.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the Secretary.)
Proceed with the call. The call of the roll can-
not be interrupted.
The Secretary concluded the calling of roll,
and the result was—yeas 20, nays 2'J ; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Conkling, Davis, Dixon,
Doohttlc, Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks,
John«ou, MeCreery, Morrill of Vermont, Norton,
Patterson of Tennessee, Ross, Sprague, Trumbull,
Ar;m Winkle, Vickers, and Willey—20.
NAYS — Me^sis. Anthony, liuokalew. Cameron,
Catteil, Chandler, Co!e, < onness, Corbett, Crngin,
Drake, Kdmnnds. Ferry, Fessenden, Frelinehuyt-en,
Howard, Howe, Morgan, JMornll ot Maine, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, ltam-^ey,
iSherman, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wil-
liams, and WiiMin—
NOf ^VOTING — iMosi ?, Harlan, Morton, Sauls-
bury, Wade, and Yaten—5.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. On this question
the jeas are 20 and the nays 2'J. So the
objection is not sustained.
Mr. Manager WILSON. I now offer the
letter in evidence, it having already been read.
1 now offer a copy of the letter of appointment
of the President, appointing Lorenzo Thomas
Secretary of War ad inie.rhn, as certified to by
General Thomas. 1 will, however, in the lirst
place, submit it to the counsel for examination,
[.submitting the paper to the counsel for the
respondent.] I call the attention of counsel
to one thing in connection with that letter, and
that is, we ofier it for the purpose of showing
that General Thomas attempted to act as Sec-
retary of War ad interim, and that his signa-
ture as such is attached to that copy. It we
are not called upon to prove his signature, of
course we shall not introduce any testimony
for that purpose.
Mr. CURTIS. Stop one moment, if you
please. Let us look at this paper further.
[ I'he counsel for the respondent having ex-
amined the paper returned it to the Managers.]
Mr. STANliEKY. We see tlnit this is the
copy Mr. Stanton requested. Read the in-
dorsement if you please.
Mr. Manager WILSON. Have you any ob-
jection to its being read?
Mr. STAXBEUY. No; wo want it read.
Mr. Manager WILSON. It is as follows:
Executive Mansion-,
Washington, D. U., February 21, 1868.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having beenthis day
removed from ofliee as Secretary for the Department
of ar, you are hereby authorized and empowered
to act as Secretary of Wnr fid interim, and will imme-
diately enter upon the discharge of the duties per-
taining to that office.
Mr. Sf.mton has been instiueted to transfer to you
all the records, book=, papers, and other public prop-
erly now in his custody and charge.
lleMJcctiully, yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To fit evet MnjorGeneral Lorexzo Thomas, Adjutant
(ri aeral halted States Army, Washington, J). C.
Ofifial copy:
itosiieciluhy furnished t j Hon. Edwin M. Stanton. '
L. THOMAS, I
Secretory of War ad iiilerihl.
Mr. CURTIS. We want the indorsement
r°ad.
Mr. Manager WILSON. The indorsement !
is, " Received 2.10 p. m., February 21, 1808 ;
present General Grant.1'
Mr. EVARTS. That indorsement is whose?
Mr. STANBERY. Itisiutho handwriting
of Mr. Stanton.
Mr. Manager WILSON. I do not know.
Mr. STANBERY. Is that fact admitted?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. It is in the hand-
writing of Mr. Stanton.
Mr. Manager WILSON. We next offer
copies of the order removing Mr. Stanton and
the letter of authority appointing General
Thomas, with certain indorsements thereon,
forwarded by the President to the Secretary
of the Treasury for his information. [The
document was handed to the counscl for the
respondent, and afterward returned by them
to the Managers.] Have the counsel for the
respondent any objection to the introduction
of that document? If not, I ask that it may
be read by the Secretary.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the paper.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
[Copy.]
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., February 21, 1808.
Sir: By virtue ot the power and authority vested
in me as President by the Constitution and laws of
tho United States, you are hereby removed from
office as Secretary for tho Department of War, and
your functions as such will terminate upon leceipt
of this communication.
You will transier to lirovot Major General Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant Ucncral ot tho Army, who has
this day been authorized and empowered to act as
Secretary of War ad interim, all records, books,
papers, and other public property now in your cus-
tody and ehaige.
Kespeetlnily, sours, ANDltEW JOHNSON.
To Hon. E. M. Stanton, Wni-hinaton, J). C.
Otlicial:
W. (1. MOORE, United States Army,
[Copy.]
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., February 21,1808.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M.Sta.nton having been this (lay
removed troin office us Secretary for the Department
of War, you are hereby aulh'orized and empowered
to act as Secretary of Wiwuilnitertm, and will imme-
diately enter upon the discharge of the duties per-
taining to that office.
Mr. Stanton lias been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books papeis and other public prop-
eriv-now in his custody and charge.
Respectfully, yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Ere vet Major General Xjoiijcxzo Tiiosias, Adjutant
General United States Army, Wabhinyton, 1). 0.
Official:
W. 0. moore. United States Arm.
February 21, 1808.
Respectfully referred to the honorable theSocre-
tary of the Treasury, for his information.
liy order ot the President:
W. G. MOORE, United States Army.
Treasury Department, February 29, 1808.
I certify tho within to be true copics of the copies
of orders of the President on file in this Depart men t
for tho removal of Edwin M. Stanton from the oliiee
of Secretary lor the Department of War and tho ap-
pointment of Lorenzo Thomas to be Seeietaiy ad
interim.
h. Mcculloch,
Secretary oj the Trc asury.
Mr. Munager BUTLER. Mr. President, we
have here now an oili-cial copy of General
Orders No. 17, of which General Emory spoke,
and we now oiler it, so that there may be no
mistake that this document and the one shown
to him are the same so farasiegards the point
at issue, [The document was handed to the
counsel for the respondent, and presemiy re-
turned to the Managers.] Do you want it
read?
Mr. STANBERY. Oh, no.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Then we offer it
without reading it.
The document is as follows :
[General Orders No. IT.]
War Department,
Adjutant Genkr vi/s Oi t ice,
YVashing ton, March li, 1:307.
Tho following acts of Congress arc published for
the information and government of all concerncd:
I. An act m.iking approp:iations for Ihc support
of ih<> jUibtaiy Academy lor the year t-ndni? June
no. "KBS.
IL An act making appropriations for the support
of (he Army for the year ending June 30, 1303.
III. An act making appropriations for fortifica-
tions for the year ending June 30,1863,
I.—[PunLtc—No. 54.]
An ant making appropriations for tho support of tho
Military Academy for tho fiscal year ending June
50,18(53, and for other purposes.
Beit enacted bi/ the Senate and Home of Representa-
tives of tit/-. United States of Americn in Conprens as-
sembled, That the following sums bo, and tho samo
arc hereby, appiopriated, out of any money iu tho
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for thesupport
of the Military Aeadcmy ior tho year ending the 30th
of June, 1868:
For pay of-officers, instructors, cadets, and musi-
cians, §154,840.
For commutation of subsistence, $5,050.
^ Tor pay in lieu of clothing to officers' servants,
$156.
For current, and ordinary expenses, $66,467.
For increase and expense of library, $3,000.
For expenses of Board of Visitors, $5,OuO.
For forago for artillery and cavalry horses, $9,000.
For-horses for artillery and cavalry practice,$1,000.
For repairsof officers' quarters. $5,000.
For targets and batteries tor artillery practice, §500.
For furniture of cadets' hospital, 8200.
X\ir gas pipes, gasometers, and retorts, $600.
For materials ior quarters for subaltern officers,
$5,000.
For ventilating and heating tho barracks and other
academic buildings; improving tho apparatus tor
cooking for the cadcts; repairing the hospital build-
ings, including the introduction of baths lor thesick,
tho construction of water closets in the library build-
ing, and new furniture for tho recitation-rooms,
<>40,000.
For purchase of fuel for cadets' mess-hall, S3,000.
For the removal and enlargemcntof the gas-works,
$20,000.
For additional appropriations, forwhich estimates
were not made last year:
For enlargingeadet laundry, $5,000.,
For furniture lor soldiers' hospital, $100^
For increasing tho supply of walor, replacingmains,
&e., $15,000.
For ice-house and additional store and servants'
rooms. S7.500.
For fire-proof building for public offices, $15,000.
For breast-high wall ot water battery, $5,000.
For permanent derrick on the wharf, $2,500.
Sko. 2. And be it further enacted. That thecadets of
tho Military Academy bo entitled to the ration now
received by tho acting midshipmen at tko Naval
Academy, commencing at the date of the approval
of the law authorizing tho samo.
Sue. 3. And be it further cnaclcd, That hereafter tho
assistant professor of Spanish shall recciv c tho same
pay and emoluments allowed to othor assistant pro-
lessors of tho academy.
Sec. 4. And be it further cnactcd. That no part of
tho moneys appropriated by this or any other act
shall beapplicd to thepayorsubsistcncoof any cadet
from any State declared to bo in rebellion against
tho Government of the United States, appointed
alter tho 1st day of January, 1807, until such Stato
shall have been restored to its original relations to
the Union.
Appioved February 28,1807.
xi.—[public—sto. 85.]
An act making appropiiations for the support of tho
Army for the year ending Juno 30, ISdtf, and for
othor purposes.
Sic it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the UnitedStal&i of Africa in Oowjrcsn assem-
bled, That tho following sums be, and the same are
hereby, appropriated, outof any money in tho Treas-
ury not otheiwise appropriated, for tho support of
the Army lor the year ending tho 30th of June, 1803:
For expenses of recruiting, transportation of re-
cruits, and compensation to citizen surgeons for
medical attendance, £300,000.
For pay ot the Army, $14,757,952.
For commutation ot oiiiccrs'subsistence, $2,228,982.
For commutation of forage lor officer^' horses,
8101,000.
For payments in lieu of clothing for officers' ser-
vants, $2rtf,978.
For payments to discharged soldiers for clothing
not drawn, V-(J",000,
For contingencies of the Army, $100,000.
Forai tiiicial limbs ior,soldiers and seamen, $70,000.
For Ai my medical museum, 810,000.
For modioal works for library of Surgeon General's
ofhco, ii-10,000.
For expenses of Commanding General's office,
610,000.
For repairs and improvements of armories and
arsenals:
For aisenal and armory at Rock Island, Illinois,
$0 ),oOU.
For the ercction of a bridge at Rock I&land, Illi-
nois as recommended by tho chief of ordnance,
$200,000: Provided, Thatthe ownerslupofsaid bridge
shall he and remain in the United States, and tho
Hock Island and Pacific llailroad, Company shall
have tho right ot way over said bridge for all pur-
poses ol transit across the island and river, upon tho
condition that the said company shall, before any
money is expended by tho Government, agree to pay
and shall sccure to the United State0, first, half tho
cost of said bridge, andsccond, half tho expenses of
keeping said bridge in repair; and upon gnaranty-
mtrsaid conditions to the satisfaction of the Secretary
ol War, b> contract or otherwise, the said company
slu«U havo thofreo use of said bridge for purposes of
tinnsit, but without any claim to ownership thereof.
For Wiitcrv het arsenal, West Troy, 2$ew York,
•588,200.
For current expenses of tho ordnance service,
$300,000.
