1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3165
for such service. So much of such additional
compensation as may be due to the employes
of the Patent Office is to be paid out of the
funds of that office. ThQ resolution is not to
apply to persons whose salaries as fixed by law
exceed §2,500 per annum. No person who
has served in the confederate army, so called,
is to be entitled to the additional compensation.
The resolution includes such persons as have
been employed in any capacity in the Govern-
ment Printing Office, or in any of the Depart-
ments, and the watchmen on the Dome of the
Capitol and in the Capitol grounds, the inspector
of marble, and the foreman of mechanics at
work on the Capitol extension, and the watch-
men on said extension, whether inside or out,
and the employes of the jail; and it includes
not only those now in the service, but those
who have at any time during said year been in
the service.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit to my colleague
that that proposition does not embrace the
$900'female clerks. I hope he will modify it
so as to embrace that class of clerks.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
to allow me to offer an amendment, to which
there will be no objection.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Iinsiston
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I hope the
previous.question will be voted down.
The question was put on seconding the
previous question; and there were—ayes 55 ;
noes 47.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Fabxs-
wortii, and Washburn of Indiana, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 02, noes 55.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was upon ordering the main
question ; which was then taken.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. UPSON called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MULL1NS. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. UPSON and Mr. BENJAMIN called for
the yeas and nays upon the motion to la.y the
resolution on the table.
Mr. HARDING. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. HARDING. I desire to know whether
the mover of this joint resolution can accept
such an amendment as will give those who now
receive thirty dollars a month a yearly salary
of$600?
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary question which the Chair can entertain at
this time.
Mr. HARDING. I want to know if the gen-
tleman will accept such an amendment?
Mr. WASHBURN, oflndiana. Iwillinform
the gentleman privately, if he will ask me.
Mr. UPSON. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays upon ordering the main question.
The main question was then ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
the motion to lay the joint resolution ou the
table j upon "which the yeas and nays have
been called.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 55, nays 73, not
voting 61 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alli&on, Bailey, Baker, Leaman,
Beatty, Beck, Benjamin. Benton, Boutwell, Back-
land, Butler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Coburn,
Cook, Covode, Esgleston, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Fields, Italsey, Harding, Hawkins, Holman. Chester
D. Hubbard, Hullmrd, Judd, Kelsey, kotohom.
Koontz, tjallin, Loughridge, -Marvin, Maynard. Mc-
Carthy, iUullinK, Nunn, tJ;ke, 1 lie, 1 olsley, I iucei
Sawyer, Scolield, Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens, taylor,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Acrnam, V1' ard, i-liliu B.
Washbuine, Welker, AViIliam Williams, and John
T. Wilson—55. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Adaras, Archer, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin, Barnes, Bins-
ham, Blair, IJoyer, Burr, Cake, Oary, Cobb, Cornell,
IH.-con, I)odge. Donnelly, Driggs, lickley, knot.
Ferry, Garfield, ttlossbrenner, (Jollauay, (rravety,
Grover, Iligby, Hopkins, Ilotchkiss, Humphrey, In-
gersoll, Julian,Kitchen, Lincoln,Loan,Logan, Mal-
lory, McCormick, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Morrell,
Myers, Newcomb, Niblaafc. O'Neill, Pame, Peters,
Phelps Plants, Pomoroy, Pruyn, Raura, Eobinson,
behenck, Shellabarger, Spalding, Starkweather,
lhaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Taber,
xaire, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Twichell, Itoti-
er) 1. Van Horn. Van Trump,Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Henry D. Washburn, and Woodward—73.
JSTOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Banks, Barnum, Blaine, Bromwell, Brooks, Bioum-
all, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cullom, Dawes, Delano,
iildridge, Finney, Fox, Getz, Griswold, Haight, Hill,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, llichard D. Hubbard,
Hunter, Jcnckes, Johnson, Jones, Kelley, Kerr,
Knott, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Lynch, Marshall, MeClurg, McCullough, Moorhead,
Morrissey, Mungen, Nicholson, Orth, Perham, Po-
land, Randall, _ Robertson, Ross, Selyo, Sitgreaves,
Smith, John Trimble, Van Aukon, Burt Van Horn,
Van Wyek,William B.Washburn, Thomas Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson, Windom,Wood,
and Woodbridge—61.
So the joint resolution was not laid on the
table.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, oflndiana. Upon that
question I call the previous question.
Mr. MUL-LINS. I desire to offer anamend-
ment to this joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is now
in order.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered ; which was
upon the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. WARD. Upon that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were thirty-four in the
affirmative.
So the affirmative being more than one fifth
of the last vote the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 59,
not voting 59 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer, Delos R.
Ashley, Jaines M. Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin, Banks,
Barnes, Bingham, Blair, Boyer, Burr, Cake, Cary,
Cobb, Cornell, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eek-
lej\ Eliot, Garfield,Glossbrenner, Golladay, Giavely,
Iligby, Hopkins, Hotchkiss,^ Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Jenekes. Johnson, Julian, Kitchen, Lincoln, Loan,
Logan, Mallory, McCormick, Miller. Moore. Morrell,
Myers, Newcomb, 0 Neil!, Phelps, Plants, Pomcroy,
Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Robinson, Shellabarger,
Spalding, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart,
Stokes, Stone, Taber, Taffe, Thomas, Twichell, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn. Van Trump. Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Henry D. Washburn, Thomas Williams, and
Woodwai d—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Bailey, Baker, Beaman,
Beatty. Benjamin, Benton, Blaine, Boutwcli, Buck-
land, Butler. Churchill, Reader W. Clarke. Coburn,
Cook, Covode, Cullom, Eggleston, Ela, Farnsworth,
Furriss, Feiry, Fields, Orrovei, llalsey, Harding,
Hawkins, Holman, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulbard,
Judd, Kelsey, Keteham, Koont/., Lallin, Loughridge,
Lynch, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, Mullins. Nunn,
Pike, Pile, Polslcy, Pricc, Sawyer,-Scofield, Shanks,
Aaron F. Stevens, Taylor, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Trowbridge, Upson, Ward, Ehhu B. AVashburne,
Welker, William Wiliams, and John T. Wilson—oil.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Barnum,
Beck, Bromwcll. Brooks. Broomall,'Chanler, Sidney
Clarke, Dawes, Delano, Eldridge, Fmney. Fox, Getz,
Griswold, llaight. Hill, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard. Hunter, Jones. Rclley, Kerr,
Knott,George V.Lawrence, William Lawrence, Mar-
shall, McUlurg, McCullough, Mercur, Moorhead,
Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Orth, Paine,
Perham,"Peters, Poland, Robertson, Ross, Schenck,
Sel j e. Si tgreaves, Smith. John Trimble, Van Aernam,
Van Aaken, Bui t Van Horn, Van Wyck, William B.
Washburn, James F. Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson,
Windom, Wood, and Woodbridge—59.
So the joint resolution was passed.
The announcement of the vote was greeted
with applause by spectators in the ^gallery,
which was promptly- checked by the Speaker.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana.^ I move to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed; and also move that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBUUNE, of Illinois. On that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, oflndiana. I withdraw
the motion to reconsider.
TAXES ON WHISKY AND TOBACCO.
Mr. SHANKS. I submit the following reso-
lution ; on which I demand the previous ques-
tion:
That in the judgment of this IIouso it
will inflict a serious loss upon the national revenues
to delay the revision of the taxes on distilled spirits
and tobacco until the same can be accomplished by
a general revision of the entire internal revenuesys-
tem; and the Committee of Ways and Means is
hereby instructed to report without delay a separate
Dili ior the revision ot the taxes on the manufacture
and sale of distilled spirits and tobacco.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope there will be no
attempt to force through such a resolution as
this without hearing from the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER.^ Debate is not in order.
Mr. MAYNA.RD. Cannot this proposition
be debated ?
The SPEAKER. It cannot, while the call
for the previous question is pending.
The previous question was seconded; there
being—ayes G2, noes 43.
The question being, Shall the main question
be now.put?
Mr. PILE moved that the resolution be laid -
on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK. On that motion I callfor
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 60, nays 79, not voting
50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Dolos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker. Banks, Beatty,
Boutwell, Cake. Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Cullom, Eckley, Eggles-
ton, ii)la, Farnsworth, Garfield, Gravely, Griswold,
Higby, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester 1). Ilubbard, inger-
soll, Jenckes, Judd. Kitchen, Loan, Lo«an, McClurg,
Miller. Mori ell, Mullms, Myers, Newcomb, O'JNeill,
Paine, Phelps, Pile, Polsiey, Pomeroy, llaum, Saw-
yer. Schcnck. Aaron P. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes,
Talfc.Tayior, Twichell, Robert T, Van Horn, Henry
D. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, and John
T. Wilson—00.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Beaman, Beck,Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine,
Blair, Boycr, Buuklp.nd, Burr, Butler, Cary, Covode,
Dawes, I)ixon, L)od?e, Donnelly, Driggs, Eliot, 3<\ r-
riss, Perry, Fields, Glossbrenner, Goiladay, Grover,
Halsey, Harding, Hawkins, Holman, Hotchkiss, Hul~
burd, Humphrey, Johnson, Julian, Kelsey, Knott,
Koontz, Lafim, Lincoln, Loughridge, Lynch, Mal-
lory, Marvin. Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick, Mer-
cur, Moore, Nunn, Peter?, Pike, Plants, Price, Pruyn,
Randall, Robinson, Seoheld, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Spaldiug, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, totone,
Taber, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge,
Upson, Van Aernam, Van Trump, Ward, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, William
Williams, and Woodward—79.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Baldwin,
Barnum, Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall, Chanler,
Churchill, Delano, Eldridge, Finney, Fox, Getz,
Haight, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard 1). Hub-
bard, Hunter, Jones, Kelley, Kerr, Keteham,George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Marshall, MeCui.-
lough, Moorhead, Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack, Nich-
olson, Oi th, Perham, Poland, Robertson, Ross,Selye,
Sitgreaves, Smith, John Trimble, Van Auken, Burt
Van Horn, ^an Wyck, William B. Washbui n, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, and
W oodbridge—50.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House has refused to lay the
resolution on the table ; and on that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move that tho
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have not yielded the
floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a privileged
question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have not yielded the
floor. Mr. Speaker, am I not entitled to be
heard on the motion I have made?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not.
The question is undebatable.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I yield the floor to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciilxcic.J
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the previous question was
seconded. I desire to know whether this House
will summarily lay aside the tax bill, upon
which so much labor has been expended, with-
out hearing the nine gentlemen who, as the
Committee of Ways and Means, have been
charged with the preparation of that bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I know it is not; but I
