1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2141
government and inspired by the humanity and
the Christian benevolence that have carried the
Republican party upward and onward in a few
years from a hopeless and almost voiceless
minority in this House and Senate to a contin-
uous majority of two thirds in both Houses,
sustained by over two thirds of the people of
the country, and given it the ability to bind as
with chains a would-be usurper and bring him
to the bar of justice for trial, and, as I trust, to
conviction for his crimes. Yes, sir, in the
name of republicanism and republican govern-
ment, I implore Congress to admit Alabama
and to proclaim to every refractory rebel m the
South and to every timid Union man there
that each State that will bring to us a constitu
tion providing, as that of Alabama does, for
the right of every freeman to hold land and
enjoy common schools, and securing the right
of every freeman, not only for a brief term,
but until that constitution shall be altered, to
enjoy without the fear of disfranchisement
suffrage and all other'political rights, shall be
admitted ; and that the right of admission shall
not be withheld, even though terror inspired
by Democratic threats of "clandestine assas-
sination' ' may have kept some of the qualified
electors who, if free from restraint, would have
voted for it, from the polls, if they can bring
that fact as clearly to the mind of the House
as it has been brought in the case of Alabama.
Sir, with such conterminous lines as I have
indicated, southern Alabama is the outlet to
the Gulf for abroad stretch of country beyond
her limits. She is, in herself, not only in her
dominions, but in the diversity of her soil and
climate and the wealth and variety of her native
resources, a magnificient empire. She em-
braces four distinct belts of country. Upon
the Gulf coast and for some distance above it,
you find the towering pine trees of the region
known as the piney woods country ; and were
liainiluir with Milton as my friends from Illi-
nois, [Mr.. VV'ashbckke] and Iowa, [Price,]
this morning proved themselves to be with
Shak'speare, 1 would give you a description of
them irom that author, for they equal the Nor-
wegian pine with which he compared the masts
and spars of his imaginary vtssel. North of
this is a broad belt producing cotton which is
scarcely equaled and not exceeded by that
grown slightly inland on the coast. North of
that again is the wheat belt, a region in which
gold, iron, copper, and various other minerals
are found along navigable streams and easily
accessible ior use. Then among the mountains
of the northern counties from which hardy men
to the number of fifteen hundred, in defiance of
the confederate powers, rallied under Spencer
and went to fight the rebels under the flag of
the Union, is a rich bucolic region in which
cattle may be herded by the thousand, and
which might be made to supply our present
population with wool. And yet all that wealth is
paralyzed, and all that capacity to afford cheer-
ful homes to millions of people is shut against
theimmigrantfrom Europe or the over-crowded
cities of the Kast, and Congress is asked upon
a technical, dry, dead-letter construction of a
particular clause in the law which is qualified
and overruled by subsequent provisos of the
same section, to keep it thus closed forever if
the Democratic party of the State continues
as refractory and turbulent as it is and has
been.
I do not wish to detain the House, but I felt
it proper that, having seen the grandeur^ of
this State, having mingled—not as a soldier,
for I have been but a poor civilian—with her
soldiers when they wore our blue, guarded our
flag, and were ready to meet in deadly conflict
the rebels in their own State, and having been
in large intercourse with Union men who have
lived ou the soil from their birth, who plead to
me and through me to Congress for protection,
I felt it but proper that I sliould at least make
my voice heard and say what 1 have done. And,
sir, in closing, I again implore the .Republican
party of the House to take the responsibility,
and come promptly to the performance of their
high duty, and announce to the still contuma-
cious rebels from Texas to the northern line
of the unreconstructed territory, that if they
do not leave voting free as the air, and make
it safe to the Union man as he would be in a
northern State, we will, despite their violence,
accept the constitutions proposed and admit
the States, let the election returns Toot up as
they may. The reconstruction acts were not
meant to authorize a lawless minority to over-
awe and govern their peaceable neighbors by
violence, and it would be treason to so construe
them.
Mr. PLANTS. Mr. Speaker, for seven years
certain vacant seats here have silently witnessed
that Alabama has been out of her proper rela-
tions to her sister States in the Union. Her
voice has not been heard in these Halls. For
good or for evil she has had no share in the
counsels of the nation. During all these years
this member of the Union has been paralyzed.
Like the stricken soldier thegreat Republic has
thus been marred in its fair proportions. But
I have ever believed that the vitality of the
general system, aided by careful nursing, would
restore the disabled member to its proper func-
tions, when the living forces of the sound body
would again circulate through it, giving to it
not only its former strength, but a vigor and
beauty never before enjoyed.
That Alabama has been for years, and still
is, unrepresented on this floor is a fact disputed
by none. But whether she lias in the mean
time been in the Union or out of it has been
the subject of a controversy.as interminable as
it has ever seemed to me to be inconsequential.
The boundaries of the United States are
clearly defined in the Constitution and the
treaties and laws made in pursuance thereof.
The territory of which Alabama consists is
and ever has been within the limits of the Uni-
ted States as thus defined. In this respect she
certainly has not been out of the Union; but
in our peculiar form of government something
more than a definite and inhabited district of
country within the boundaries of the United
States is necessary to constitute it a State in
the Union.- Utah and Dakota have clearly-
defined boundaries; they are inhabited by citi-
zens of the United States, and are as perfectly
in the Union as New York and Ohio; but they
are not States. To constitute a State in the
Union requires not only the Territory and in-
habitants, but also a political organization, a
corporate body, a government republican in
form, and sustaining certain relations to the
Government of the United States under the
Constitution thereof. The form of a proposed
State government is to be found in its consti-
tution ; but a constitution may be complete in
all its parts and republican in form without the
existence of a government in fact.
By the common law of this country the gov-
ernment of a State is vested in certain depart-
ments—legislative, judicial, and executive.
But to put these departments into operation
there must be officers duly elected and quali-
fied to perform their various functions. The
form of the government is expressed in the
constitution, but the government itself con-
sists of these officers. There must be legisla-
, tors elected and qualified to enact the laws;
j judges must bo elected and qualified and
I courts organized to adjudicate upon these laws;
| and executive officers likewise duly qualified
l to carry into effect the laws and judgments of
1 the courts. It is these officers, for the time
! being exeenting these functions, who con-
[ stitute the government. And while such an
i organization may have all the elements of a
■ State in the general meaning of that term, it
is not yet entitled to representation in Con-
gress and is notaStatein the Union, although
within its geographical limits^ There remains
yet that every legislative, judicial, and execu-
tive officer of such State shall take a solemn
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, and that duly elected and qualified
Senators and Representatives be elected to
Congress. When all this has been done, and
Congress has approved it, then, and not until
then, is it a State in the Union.
Alabama was once, by all these tests, a State
in the Union._ Has she by all or any of them
been out of it? I maintain that, as to her
territory and people, she never was, but that
as a "political corporation—a government—she
did in fact cease to exist, at least in such con-
nection with the Union as alone constitutes a
State thereof. The nerves, so to speak, through
which alone the vital forces of the national
system flowed to her were severed, and she
became to the Union what the palsied arm is
to a healthy body, and as unable to restore
herself as is a nerveless limb. Her restora-
tion can only come by reestablishing through
her the circulation of the national life. The
constitution of Ababama was but the expres-
sion of the form of her government. The
government itself consisted of the several offi-
cers for the time being in whom were vested
the several powers defined in the constitution.
The nerves which gave these officers—the gov-
ernment—connection with and life from the
Union were their solemn oaths to support the
Constitution of' the United States and the
presence of her Senators and Representatives
in Congress, bound by the same solemn obliga-
tions. These were the conditions which gave
to Alabama her proper relations to, and the
rights of a State in, the Union. So long as'
she continued to fulfil! these conditions so
long her relations to the Union and her rights
therein remained. These conditions broken,
her proper relations to the Union and her rights
as a State therein ceased, while her territory and
her people remained amenable to the Consti-
tution and the treaties and laws made in pur-
suance thereof. But did she continue to fulfill
these conditions and thus remain in the Union
as a State ? Or did she violate these condi-
tions and thus sever her connection with and
lose her character as a State government
therein ?
I know, Mr. Speaker, that gentlemen who
have a purpose to accomplish argue that her
State government remained intact through all
the war; that she never lost any of her rights
as a State in the Union ; that at any moment
through all the bloody years of her rebellion
she had a perfect right to be represented here and
in the Senate, and that she now has that right,
under her old constitution, in absolute defiance
of any law or condition that Congress may
prescribe. If the wish is always father to the
thought, it is possible that gentl'men^ have
brought themselves into the actual belief cf
this monstrous position, for it is difficult to
determine how far partisan feeling may pervert
the judgment.
It is not my purpose, Mr. Speaker, to recite
the history of the rebellion. Its scenes of hor-
ror and madness are but too sadly familiar to
us and to the country. Nor is it my purpose to
recount the part taken therein by Alabama.
That, too, has passed into history. It is suf-
ficient for me to say that her Representatives
in this Hall and her Senators in the other end
of the Capitol left their seats cursing the Union
and trampling the sacred obligations of the
Constitution beneath their feet. Forswearing
their allegiance to the Union and severing the
ties that held them to it, they hastened to con-
nect themselves to the southei-n confederacy,
and while it lived gave all their energies to its
support and the destruction of the Republic.
Vet gentlemen tell us that she had, neverthe-
less, during all this time, a perfect State gov-
ernment; that that State government was all
the time in the LTnion; that she had contin-
uously an indisputable right to send Repre-
sentatives and Senators to Congress, and that
a refusal to admit- them was then, and is now,
unconstitutional and revolutionary!
Let us examine this proposition a moment.
Had Alabama a State government, in the con-
stitutional meaning of that term, after ev®ry
officer composing it had renounced his alle-
giance to the United States and sworn
support the confederation ? I most distmo y
