2142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
assert that she had not. There can be no State
government, m the American sense of that '
term, without legislative, judicial, aud execu- i
tive departments, filled with legislati-ve, judi- !
cial, and executive officers duly clected and I
qualified to exercise these several functions.
And, sir, one of the absolutely essential quali-
fications is the being "bound" by oath or
affirmation to support the Constitution. It is
not enough that he simply take the oath. He
must be bound by voluntary assent. In arti-
cle six of the Constitution will be found these
emphatic words: •
The Senators and Representatives before men-
tioned, and the members of the several State Legis-
latures, and all executive and judicial officers, both
otthe#Jmted States an J of the several States, shall
De bound, by oath or affirmation, to support this
Constitution."
This is the supreme law of every State.
Without this "binding" there can be no such
thing as a Legislature. Whatever a body of
men may style themselves or be styled by
others, without this binding oath they cannot
be a Legislature. But during all the years of
the rebellion those who constituted the so-
called Legislature of Alabama refused to be
so bound, but swore to support the confed-
eracy instead. Alabama, therefore, had no
Legislature. So, too, every judicial officer,
every judge of a State court, before he can
be a judge must be bound by the same oath.
Without it there can be no judiciary. But the
so-called judges of Alabama refused to be so
bound, but did bind themselves to the confed-
eracy ; Alabama, therefore, had no judiciary.
Again, sir, by the same supreme law every
executive officer of a State mrst bo bound to
the Union by the same oath. There can be no
Governor or other executive officer of a State
until this essential condition has been com-
plied with. But the so-called Governor and
executive officers of Alabama refused to be so
bound—to take this oath—but did bind them-
selves to the confederacy. Alabama, there-
fore, had no judiciary. But without legislative,
judicial, and executive officers duly elected and
qualified, and bound to the Union by the obli-
gation to support its Constitution, there could
be no State government; and without a State
government there could be no representation in
Congress according to the Constitution. It is
true we admit to this Hall, but not to vote,
delegates from the Territories; but they are
not in any sense members of Congress, nor
can a Territory be represented at all in the
Senate. By the terms of the Constitution
nothing but a State Legislature can elect a
Senator. But Alabama, as I have shown, had
no Legislature, and could not therefore elect
Senators.
The people of Alabama and the land tliey
occupied remained in the Union. But the
State government, as a political corporation
in the Union, ceased to exist, and having so
ceased it could not restore itself. In the very
nature of things, as well as by the terms of the
Constitution, it could only be restored to its
proper relations to the Union by the sanction
and under the authority of the United States.
I need not stop, Mr. Speaker, to discuss this
last proposition, for it is admitted by all par-
ties except the open and very poorly disguised
lebel.s. The only controversy is as to who shall
prescribe the terms and authorize such resto-
ration. The President, by his solemn procla-
mation, declared that " the rebellion destroyed
all civil government in Alabama." To this most
solemn and public declaration I give my full
assent. Congress, too, agreed with the Presi-
dent that •' the rebellion had deprived her of
all civil government, and that no authority but
that of the United States could restore her."
But Congress did not understand that the
President5was the United States iu the mean-
ing of the Constitution.
All parties, therefore, assent to the proposi-
tion that the State government of Alabama was
absolutely destroyed, and could only be re-
stored by the authority of the United States.
Aud here arose two questions of vital import-
ance, not only affecting the present emergency,
but to stand as precedents for all coming time.
These were, first, who shall give this author-
ity to restore the State government ? And sec-
ond, who shall authoritatively sanction it as
republican in form when presented for that pur-
pose and admit her to all the rights of a State
inthe Union? On these propositions the Pres-
ident and Congress differed. The President
claimed the prerogative without the pretense
of lawful authority and_ in palpable violation,
as it seems to me, of the whole theory of our
institutions, to grant that authority, to order
elections for members of conventions, to pre-
scribe the qualifications of voters, to appoint
judges of the elections, to prescribe the forms
of the oaths to be taken, to disfranchise the
great mass of the loyal inhabitants, amounting
to a clear majority in several of the States, to
call conventions and appoint the times and
places of their meeting, and to determine their
qualifications, and even todictate the provisions
to be inserted in the constitutions to be formed.
He claimed, further, the absolute authority to
approve and confirm the work.of his conven-
tions so created by his sole mandate, and to bind
the United States for all time by his action.
This was the claim put forth by the Presi-
dent. And in the recess of Congress he pro-
ceeded to exccuto his imperial decree. When
Congress met this stupendous scheme was pre-
sented to us as the perfected plan of recon-
struction and the demand made upon us to
register the edict. Senators, fresh from the
cabinet of Jeff. Davis and the rebel congress,
and representatives of like antecedents, pre-
sented credentials from these President-made
State governments, and demanded admission
to Congress, backed by the insulting declara-
tion of the President that all we had to do was
to examine their credentials and see that they
were in due form.
At the audacity of this assumption of more
than kingly power not only Congress but the
country was astounded! We demurred aud
refused to register the decree, and the Presi-
dent and the whole rebel voice of the country
denounced us in terms that 1 do not care to
repeat. An appeal was taken to the people—
with what result the Republican majority on
this floor is the sufficient answer. The Presi-
dent chose to persist in defiance of the over-
whelming popular condemnation, and Congress
proceeded calmly, and in the face of difficulties
and obstructions thrown in the way by the
Executive which the people will never know,
to pass the several reconstruction laws. The
purpose of these laws being to restore these
States and to guaranty to each of them a re-
publican form of government as the Consti-
tution required to be done. By the authority
and under the provisions of these laws the
people of Alabama have acted, and as the re-
sult of their action have presented to us a con-
stitution, and tliey wait to-day, as the loyal
millions of the other unrepresented States are
waiting, in anxious suspense for our action
thereon. And shall we disappoint their hopes
by refusal or unnecessary delay?
I do not propose to consume the time of the
House by an examination of the constitution
she has presented to us. It has been upon our
desks for some weeks, and has, no doubt, been
carefully considered by every gentleman pres-
ent. I will simply say that in my opinion it is
not only republican in form, but, in the matter
of manhood suffrage, it is eminently* so, and
might well be taken as a model by other com-
munities. For myself, I think it should not
have stopped at manhood suffrage. I would
be glad to see in all our constitutions all dis-
abilities arising from sex as well as race and
religion removed ; but I know the time for this
has not yet. come, and I will not reject the
attainable good because I cannot secure the
unattainable better. Impartial manhood suf-
frage is a long step in advance, and the rest
will come as true civilization advances. It is
but a question of time and the refining influ-
ences of education and social progress. Why,
then, should we not accept this constitution,
restore the State to her proper relations to the
Union, and admit her Senators and Repre-
sentatives to Congress? It would be useless
to argue with those who are in sympathy with
rebels or who have predetermined to place the
government and loyal people of the State in
rebel hand?. The leaders of the Democratic
party in the North know full well that the only
hope they have of ever obtaining control of
this House depends upon the success of the
effort to disfranchise the Union black men in
the South and filling the vacant seats here with
rebels. I do not say that the leaders of the
Democratic party of the North are rebels; but
they know, and the country knows, that every
rebel who may find a seat here will be an ac-
quisition to the strength of the Democratic
side of this House. Argument, therefore, with
a view of securing support to this bill from
that side would be in vain; but it may be well,
for a moment, to consider an objection urged
with a slight show of plausibility, founded upon
a supposed failure of the people of Alabama
to comply with the terms of the reconstruction
laws.
It is asserted not only here, but proclaimed
through every rebel and Democratic paper in
the land, that the proposed constitution was
defeated by an overwhelming majority of the
voters of the State. This has been so persist-
ently repeated that many who have no means
of correct information 110 doubt believe the
statement. But is the statement true? We
have just had the report of General Grant,
announcing the vote so far as received, a few
districts not yet returned. And how stands
that vote? Can the people, who have been
told that the constitution was voted down, be-
lieve that the vote in fact stands 70,812 for the
constitution and only 1,005 against it? Yet
such is the fact. I admit that probably the
the whole vote will not show a clear majority
of all the men in the State qualified by regis-
tration as voters. By a strange and inexpli-
cable provision of the reconstruction law it
was required that the vote 011 the constitution
should show a clear majority of all the quali-
fied voters iu the State. Not that a majority
should vote for the constitution, but that a
majority should vote ; and then if a simple
majority of those voting were found in its favor
it should bo held as adopted. I do not ques-
tion the motives of those who persisted in forc-
ing this provision into the law, because I do
not aud never did comprehend their purpose.
It seemed to me then, and does still, that if the
President and Jeff. Davis, with Jerry Black to
aid them, had framed this provision, it could
not have been more ingeniously devised to aid
the rebels, discourage and oppress the loyal
people of the State, and secure the defeat of
the constitution! It will be seen by this strange
provision that every opponent of the constitu-
tion was relieved from the trouble of going to
the election, as he would be counted against
it whether he voted or not. By the same pro-
vision all of both parties who might die be-
tween the date of registering and voting were
to be counted as having voted against it!. So,
too, all who were sick or had removed from
the district or from any other accident or un-
avoidable cause were detained from the polls
were counted in opposition.
And, as if this was not sufficient, its very
terms called into play all the malignant hate
of the rebels, and virtually invited them to
exercise all their resources of deception, fraud,
intimidation, and open violence to keep voters
from the polls, for every one so prevented from
voting was counted as having voted with the
opposition !
Sir, in view of this provision there need be
no surprise at the evidence of fraud, threats,
and^ violence presented by the committee as
having been used to keep men from voting.
This evidence is sufficient to startle the country.
; But I shall not detain the House by repeating
1 it, aud especially as we virtually invited it.
I The only wonder is that in the face of these
