SUPPLEMENT TO
For Alleghany arsenal, Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
§34,000.
i'or Ohamplain arsenal, at Vorgennea, Vermont,
$800
For Columbus arsenal, Columbus, Ohio, $139,625.
For Forfc Monroe arsenal, Old Point Comiort, Vir-
ginia, -i?(5,000. .
For Forfe Union arsenal. Fort Union, IS ew Mexico,
$10,000 .
For Frankford arsenal, Biidesburg, Pennsylvania,
f30,000.
For Kennebec arsenal, Augusta, Maine, $1,525.
For Indianapolis arsenal, Indianapolis, Indiana,
$169,625.
For Leavenworth arsenal, Leavenworth, Kansas,
$15,000.
For New York arsenal, Governor's Island, Inow
York, $1,200.
For rikesville>rsenal, Pikesville, Maryland, $800.
For St. Louis arsenal, St. Louis, Missouri, &o5,0U0.
For Washington arsenal, Washington, District of
Columbia, $50,000.
For Watertown arsenal, Watertown, Massachu-
setts, $21,(567.
For the purchase of the Willard Soars estate, ad-
joining the Watertown arsenal grounds, $4lJ,700, or
ao much thereof as may be necessary; and the Secre-
tary ot War is hereby authorized to sell at public
auction a lot of land belonging to the United Stares,
situated in South Boston, it, m his opinion, thesamo
is not needed lor the public service, and pay the pro-
ceeds thereof into tho Treasury.
Bureau of Ilefugee3, Freedmen, and Abandoned
Lands:
For salaries of assistant commissioners, sub-assist-
ant commissioners, and agents, $147,500.
For salaries of clerks, £.H2,800.
For stationery and printing, $63,000.
For quarters and tuel, $200,000.
For commissary stores, $1,500,000.
For medical department, &500,U00.
For transportation, 8800,000.
For school supeiintendcnts, $25,000.
For buildings i'or schools ami asylums, including
construction, rental, aud repairs, $500,000.
For telegraphing and postage, Srli>,0U0: Provided,
That tho Commissioner be hereby authorized to apply
any balance on hand, at this date, oi the rclugees
and freedmen's fund, accounted lor in his last annual
report, to aid educational institutions actually incor-
porated for loyal relugees and treedmon: And j>ro-
vided .further, That no agent or c!eik not heretofore
authorized bylaw shall receive a monthly allowance
exceeding tho sum of £200.
Seo. 2. And be it .further enacted, That the head-
quarters of the General of the Army of the United
States shall bo at the city of \\ ashington, and all
orders and instructions relating to military opera-
tions issued by the President or SeeiUary ot War
shall be issued through tho General oi the Army,
and, in ease of his inability, through tho next m
rank. The Genoral ot the Aimy hhall not be re-
moved, suspended, or relieved lrom command, or
assigned to duty elsewhere than at said headquar-
ters, except at his own request, without tho previous
appioval of the Senate; and any ordeis or instruc-
tions relating to military operations issued contrary
to tho requirements of this suelion shall be null and
void; and any olheer who shall issu« mdors or in-
structions contrary lo tho provisions ot this section
shail be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor in otiicc;
and any oiiicer ot the Army who shall tiansmit, con-
vey, or obey any orders or instructions so issued con-
trary to the provisions oi this section, knowing that
such orders were so issued, shall be liable I o imprison-
ment lor not less than two nor moio than twenty
years, upon conviction thereof; in any courtof compe-
tent jurisdiction.
Sec. 3. And be it furth< r <nactcd, That section three
of the joint resolution relative to appointments to
the Military Academy, approved June 16, lb66, be,
and the same i-* heiehy, repealed.
Sr.C. 1. And be it jurthrr enaetcd, That the turn of
$150,00J be, and tho same is hereby, appropriated out
of any monejs in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
piiated, tu bo di<bui>t;d by the Seci cl aiy of Wai, m
the erc-etion ot (hoproof buddings at, or near the
city oi Jetloisonville, in the State of Indiana, to bo
used as storehouses tor Government property.
SliC. 5. And be itfiu they e-i'(ct< d. That it dial! bo tlio
duty oi the officers of the Armj and Navy and of the
Ft ced men's Bui eau to prohibit and prevent whipping
or maiming of the peisuu, as a punishment lor any
erimo, misdemeanor, or ollenso, by any pretended
Civil or military authority in any State lately in io-
belhon until thecivil go\ ernmentoi suehStateshail
have been restored ami shall have been rccognizod
by the Congress of the United Slates.
Seo. 6. And be it further cnnctul, That all militia
foices nonorganized or in sen ice in either of the
States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi,
and Texas bo lorthwith disbanded, and that thetur-
tiier organization, aiming, or calling into seivice of
the said militia iorces, or any part thereof, is hereby
prohibited, under any circumstances whatever, until
the same shall be authorized by Congress.
Sec. 7. And bo. it further enacted, Tiiat the paymas-
ter general be authorized to pay, under such leguhi-
tions as the Secretary ot War shall prescribe, in addi-
tion to the amount leceivcd by them, lor the travel-
ing expenses of such California and Nevada volun-
teers as were discharged m New Mexico, Arizona, or
Utah, and at points distant irom the place or places
e^."fetment such proportionate sum according to
the distance traveled as have been paid to the troops
of other States similarly situated; and such amount
as shall be necoosaxy to pay tho same is heieby ap-
propriated out of any moneys in the Treasuiy not
otherwise appropiiated.
Approved March 2.15^7.
iii.—[ptjblic-^no. 86.]
An act making appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repairs of certain fortifications
and other works of defense for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30,1868.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That the following sums be, and they are
hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated for the construction,
preservation, and repair ot certain fortifications and
other works of defense for the year ending the 30th
of June, 186S-:
For Fort Scammel, Portland, Maine, $50,000.
For Fort Georges, on Hog Island ledge, Portland,
Maine, £50,000.
For Fort Winthrop, Boston. Massachusetts, $50,000.
For Fort Warren, Boston, Massachusetts, $50,000.
For fort at entrance of New BedtoriLharbor, Mas-
sachusetts, $30,000.
For Fort Schuyler, East river, New York, $50,000.
For Fort at Willett'sPomt, opposite Fort Schuyler,
New York, £50,000.
For foit on site of Fort Tompkins, Staten Island,
New York, $50,000.
For tort at Sandv Hook, New Jersey, $50,000.
For repairs of Fort Washington, on tho Potomac
river, $_.),U00.
For Fort Monroe, Hampton Roads, Virginia,
$50,0(KK
For Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida,$50,000.
For Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Tortugas, $50,000.
For Fort Clinch, Amelia Island, Florida, i?2o,000.
For fort at Fort Point, San Francisco Bay, Califor-
nia, $50,000.
For tort at Lime Point, California, $50,000.
For fort at Alcatray Island, San Francisco Bay,
California, $10 ',000.
For Fort Preble, Portland harbor, Maine, £50,000.
For Fort McClary, Portsmouth harbor, New Hamp-
shire, $50,000.
For Fort Independence, Boston harbor, Massa-
chusetts, £50,000.
For survey ot northern and northwestern lakes,
$100,000.
For Fort Montgomery, at the outlet of Lake Cham-
plain, $£5,000.
For purchase and repair of instruments, $10,000.
For purchase ot sites now occupied and lands pro-
posed to bo occupied for permanent sea-coast de-
lenses: Provided, That no such purchase shail be
made except upon tho approval ot its expediency by
tho Secretary of Warandof the validity of thetitleby
the Attorney General, ^50,000.
For purchase ot sites now occupied by temporary
sca-coast defenses: Provided,no such purchase
shall be made except upon the approval of its ex-
pediency by the Secretary of War and of the validity
of the title by tho Attorney General, &J5.000.
For construction and repair oi barracks and quar-
ters for engineer troops at the depot of engineer
supplies near St. Louis, Missoun, $20,000.
For construction and lepair of bairacks and quar-
ters (or engineer tioops at the depot of engineer sup-
plies atWiilett's Point, New York, £25.000.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there shall
not be over lifty per cent, of tho foregoing a ppropri-
ations expended during the fi.-cai year ending 30th
June, 1868, and the residue thereof shall not be ex-
pended till otherwise ordeied.
Sec. 3. Ami bp it further enacted* That, in order to
determine the relative poweis of resistance of the
turret andthobroadsulo systemsof non-clad vessels
ot war, and whether or not our present heaviest guns
aio adequate to thelapid destruction oi tho heaviest
plated ships now built, or deemed practicable on
cither system, aud whether or not our be^tstono forts
will resist our heaviest guns, and, if not, what in-
ciease in strength, by adding either stone or iron or
j vaiiation in form, is necessary to that end. theSec-
| rctary of War and tho Seeretaiy of the Navy aie
j hereby authorized to detail a joint hoard of not
[ less than six competent officers, three fiorn the Army
! and three from the Navy, whose duty it shall be to
j construct and test, by firing upon them, such targets
I as they may deem neccssary for the purposes above
named. t And the Secretary of War and the Secretary
, of tho Na\y aie hereb> authorized and diiectcd to
; supply tho board with such facilities for tins purpose
i as they may require : Provided, It can be done lrom
| the unexpended funds and materials now at their
j disposal, the expenses to be borne equally by tlio
1 War and Navy Departments, and from such funds at
! their disposal as the Secretary of War and tho Sec-
! retary of the Navy may designate respectively.
|j Approved March 2, 1SG7.
!| By uider of tho Secretary of War.
j: H.D. TOWNSEND,
|] . , Asbuiant Adjutant Ueneral.
I Official:
jj U. I). TOWNSEND,
! Adjutant General.
j! Geokge W. Wallace sworn and examined.
\'t By Mr. Manager Butler :
!: Question* What is your name and rank in
I, the Army of the United States, if you have
any?
Answer. George W. "Wallace, lieutenant col-
li onel of the twelfth infantry, commanding the
;i garrison of Washington.
j. Question. How long have you been in com*
>■ mand of the garrison of Washington?
j. Answer. Since August last
l! Question. What lime in Anscnst?
Ansiver. The latter part of the month. The
exact date I do not recollect.
Question. State if at any time you were sent
for to go to the Executive Mansion about the
23d of February last.
Answer. On the22d of February I received
a note from Colonel Moore desiring to see me
the following morning at the Executive Man-
sion.
Question. Who is Colonel Moore?
Answer. He is on the staff of the President;
an officer of the Army.
Question. Does he act as Secretary to the
President ?
Answer. I believe he does.
Question. You received that note on the
night of the 22d ; about what time at night?
Answer. About seven o'clock in the evening.
Question. Was any time designated when
you should go?
Answer. Merely in the morning.
Question. Sunday morning I Did you go?
Answer. I did.
Question. At what time in the morning?
Answer. About ten o'clock.
Question. Did you meet Colonel Moore
there?
Answer. I did.
Question. What was the business ?
Answer. He desired to see me in reference
to a matter directly concerning myself.
Question. How concerning yourself?
Answer. Some time in December my name
had been submitted to the Senate for brevets.
Those papers had been returned to the Exec-
utive Mansion, and on looking over them he
was under the impression that my name had
been set aside, and his object was to notify me
of that fact in order that I might make use of
influence, if I desired it, to have the matter
rectified.
Question. After that did he say anything
about your seeing the President?
Answer. I asked hira how the President
was. He replied u Very well; do you desire to
see him," to which 1 replied " Certainly and
in the course of a few moments I was admit-
ted into the presence of the Executive.
Question. Was a messenger sent in to know
if he would see you ?
Answer. I am unable to answer. I had a
conversation with Colonel Moore at the time.
He notified him.
Question. Did Colonel Moore leave the room
where you were conversing with him until you
went in to see the President?
Answer. He left the room to bring out this
package of papers. No other object that i am
aware of.
Question. Did he go into the office of the
President where the President was for that
purpose?
Answer. Yes. sir: lie passed in the same
door I did.
Question. And came out and brought, a
package and explained to you that your name
appeared to be rejected and then you went in
to see the President?
Answer. I did. I went in at my own re-
quest.
Question. After you had passed the usual
salutations what was the first thing he said to
you ?
Answer. The President asked me if any
changes had been made in the garrison within
a short time ; any movement of troops.
Question. The garrison of Washington ?
Answer. The garrison of Washington.
Question. What did you tell him ?
Answer. I replied that four companies of
the twelfth infantry had been sent to the sec-
ond military district on the 7th of January, and
beyond that no other changes had been made.
In doing so I omitted to mention another com-
pany that I have since thought of.
Question, Had he ever sent to you 011 sucli
an errand before ?
Mr. CURTIS and Mr. EVARTS. He did
not send this time.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Is that quite cer-
tain ?
