4190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
Mr. BOUTWELL. I rise to oppose the
amendment. We have providedin the first sec-
tion of the bill for interest at the rate of three
and sixty-five hundredths. Now, what is the
effect of this proposition? The country could
not stand the effect of vesting in the Secretary
of the Treasury a discretion to control the cur-
rency of the country to the amount of $4,000,-
000 per month ; yet this proposition is to put.
in the hands of unknown men the power to
operate upon the currency of the country to the
amount of ยง100.000,000 whenever they please
to do so. What is the condition of things to-
day? There is in the Bast a very large sur-
plus of capital seeking investment. It cannot
find permanent investment; and, sir, it is for
the interest of the country that, it should not
find permanent investment, because the season
of the year is approaching when this money
will be needed to move the crops from the
South and the West to the East and to foreign
markets. Now, if these people in the East
who are holding this surplus capital, and who
would within the next sixty days loan it for the
purpose of moving the crops of the country to
market, should be induced to invest it in these
securities of the Government, those who are
interested in moving the crops will be obliged
to pay the persons owning this capital an ad-
vance upon the interest allowed by the Gov-
ernment sufficient to induce them to take the
money out of the hands of the Government
aud invest it in the necessary business of the
country. Sir, I say it is suicidal to put the
Government in the attitude of a borrower of
money on call to the injury of all the pro-
ductive interests of the country. There is no
defense for such a proposition.
Sir, I am more and more satisfied asl examine
this bill that it is wrong in many essential par-
ticulars. Here are the 1881s, which are cov-
ered by the language of the first section of the
bill. Does any one suppose that a man who has
a bond payable, principal and interest, in coin
in 1881, is goingto surrender that bond for the
purpose of taking such a bond as is provided
for in this bill? Then we have the ten-forty
five, per cent., liable to Government taxation
upon income, as is other property of the coun-
try. Is it any advantage worth considering for
us to undertake the exchange of these securi-
ties for those proposed in this section, and
would any one holding a ten-forty bond make
the exchange?
Another serious, and to my mind fatal, ob-
jection to the whole policy of this bill is that
the hands of the Government are to be tied for
forty years, so that it cannot redeem these
bonds without going into the markets of the
world and purchasing them. Now, no matter
at what rate you may fix the interest, when-
ever there is a surplus of money in the Treas-
ury of the country the holders of these bonds
will demand par for the principal of them, and
very likely an advance.
In 1790 we issued three per cent, bonds,
and in 1831-32 we were obliged for the sake
of removing that indebtedness to pay one hun-
dred cents on the dollar. Now, if the country
continues to increase in population and in the
development of its resources, in the next twenty
or thirty years wo will have forty-five or fifty
million dollars a year to devote "to the public
debt. The proposition I had the honor to sub-
mit contemplates the removal of this debt.
At the end of ten or twenty years we begin to
have $50,000,000 a year which we can devote
to the extinction of the public debt. If we
have not the money at the time the credit of
the country will be such that we can borrow on
better terms than to-day. I am free, from my
examination of the bill, to say that I condemn
the entire policy of the bill as it eamc from
th". Committee of Ways and Means. As it
comes from the Senate we can pay in twenty
years. As it comes from the Committee of
Ways and Means we cannot.
[Here the hammer fell.1
Mr. SC HEN CK. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair. Here is an amendment, and two
speeches have been made in its favor and none
against it. The last speech was not on the
amendment at all, but was an attack on the
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will withdraw the
amendment if my colleague will renew it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, my colleague on the
committee.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I renew
the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
draw the attention of the House to the law as
it stands. In the act of March 3, 1803, it is
provided, after having provided for an ad-
ditional issue of United States notes which
would make the amount ยง400,000,000, that for
any of the said notes provided for in that bill
or any other United States notes returned to
the Treasury and canceled or destroyed there
may be issued equal amounts of United States
notes such as are authorized by this act That
law has never been repealed. It authorizes
the reissue of any United States notes which
have been canceled or destroyed, and at that
time the amount was limited to $400,000,000.
The act of June, 1864, provided that the total
amount of United States notes issued or to be
issued should never exceed $400,000,000,1' and
such additional sum, not exceeding $50,000,-
000, as may be temporarily required for the
redemption of temporary loans." The tem-
porary loan having all been redeemed the power
to issue that $50,000,000 has ceased. There-
fore the amount of United States Treasury
notes authorized to be issued is limited to
$400,000,000, and any that may be redeemed
or canceled may be reissued under the act I
first referred to, the act of March 3, 18G3.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand my friend
from Massachusetts to say that the temporary
loan has been redeemed, and this $50,000,000
cannot be reissued. If he will look at the lan-
guage he will see that it is not for the redemp-
tion of the temporary loan, but for the redemp-
tion of temporary loans. We may issue them,
therefore, for a temporary loan. That has
never been repealed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The law
of March, 1866, authorized the issue of cer-
tificates.
Mr. ALLISON. The law says temporary
loans should be redeemed by issuing United
States notes.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. There
has never been any act authorizing their can-
cellation but the one referred to. The act ot
April 12, 1866, merely limits the amount of
contraction. This is the proviso in that act:
"Provided, That of United States notes not more
than $10,000,000 may be retired and canceled within
six months from the passage of this act, and there-
after not more than $4,000,000 in any ono month :
And provided further. That the act to which this is
an amendment shall continue in full force in all its
provisions, except as modified by this act."
But there is no law that prevents the re-
issue of these notes which may have been so
retired, not exceeding so much per annum.
There is no law authorizing the redemption
and cancellation of any United States notes.
There is only a law limiting the amount that
may be retired and canceled, and the authority
under the original act that authorized the issue
could reissue them again when the needs of
the Government require it.
Mr. GARFIELD. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that the Secretary of the
Treasury might now go and on issue notes to the
amount of all that have been hitherto retired,
canceled, or burned during the last several
years.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
so.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then what is the meaning
of the law authorizing him to retire and cancel
notes now outstanding, or the law that author-
izes him to destroy them?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The law
limits him so that he shall not retire beyond a
certain amount.
Mr. GARFIELD. If there were no other
words, is not that a very clear implication that
he may retire and cancel just that number.
But right above these words, in the body of the
section, it is declared that the proceeds of all
he shall sell shall be retired.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did not
propose to take part in this discussion, and
would not had it not been for some observa-
tions that fell from my colleague, [Mr. Boot-
well,] to which I wish to draw his attention
and the attention of the Hou'se. He is usually
so correct and just in his views that his remarks
deserve careful attention. He objects to this
whole bill. Why? Because, he says, under
it we never shall be able to pay any part of our
debt for forty years. He starts off with say-
ing that nobody expects the bonds of 1881 to
be funded under this bill.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I said the terms of the
bill covered the entire interest-bearing indebt-
edness of the United States, but that nobody
could expect that the 1881 ten-forty bonds
would be exchanged for such bonds as are
here proposed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not mistaken my colleague's meaning. He
says nobody expects the 1881 bonds or the ten-
forty bonds will be exchanged under this bill.
I agree to that. I do not think they will at
present, if ever. The gentleman then further
says we shall have all our indebtment so locked
up by this bill that we cannot pay it. But
there are $283,000,000 of ten-forties coming
due in less than ten years, which will be quite
as much as we can pay by that time. Then
there are $204,000,000 of five per cent, bonds
which become due, and then there are the six
per cent, bonds, which are due in 1881. Ail
these together make enough for the next twenty
years.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I agree to that; but if
the gentleman will hear me, that is the force
of necessity imposed upon us by the circum-
stances, not due to the policy of the bill, and
we are accustomed to provide in such bills as
this for a practical solution of difficulties.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
no difficulty at all. There are certain moneys
due from us as fast as we can pay them. They
will not come under this bill. There are cer-
tain other debts which we want to fund by this
bill. There is one third or one fourth of our
debt that will not come under this bill until
we get ready to pay it. Then under the second
section we provide for a sinking fund.
Mr. ALLISON. Do we pay these bonds in
gold ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly;
because the ten-forties aud the 1881 "s are
payable in gold ; therefore they will be paid in
gold. We have got enough to do with our
gold for the next twenty years. Do not let any-
body trouble himself about that matter. We
have enough to do with all the gold we have
got, or shall get; and then we have got ail our
currency to fake care of besides. I want to
get that funded if I can; and in order to do
so I am willing t.0 put it into bonds bearing
three and sixty-five hundredths interest. My
friend is afraid we shall not be able to get the
money away front this investment to move the
crops at the West. This is only three and
sixty-five hundredths per cent, interest. Does
he not know that now all banks take money on
call at four per cent?
_ Mr. BOU TWELL. They can use it by tak-
ing it on call, but the Government cannot go
into that sort of business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Ibegthe
gentleman's pardon. The Government is not
going into any such business at all. The Gov-
ernment has lor many years been a borrower.
4\ere ,will be an exact business ratio estab-
lished in this matter as there is in all others,
so that there will always be a permanent amount
thus deposited for the use of the Government.
This is no new thing. Gentlemen think it is
to be so. Why, there has beena like practice in
Belgium, where they have the steadiest money
