1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
which I have the honor in part to represent are
constantly claiming that demands of this nature
should be paid under the provisions of that law,
and if it has been repealed I should be very
glad to know when and where the repealing
act may be found. I have not given the sub-
ject any particular attention ; but if that law is
repealed that will obviate to a considerable
extent the objection which I have to the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. With the Senator's leave, I
can cite the law modifying the law read by the
Senator from Wisconsin, [ Mr. Howe.] It is as
follows:
"That so much of the act entitled 'An act to regu-
late trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes and
to preserve peace 011 the frontiers.' approved June
30,1834, as provides that the United States shall make
indemnification out of the Treasury tor property
taken or destroyed in certain eases by Indians trcs-
passmgon whitcmen, asdcscribed inthesaid act, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed : Pi ovided, however t
that, nothing heroin contained shall be so construed
as to impair or destroy the obligations of the Indians
to make indemnification out ot the annuities as pre-
scribed in said act.''
That has been the policy since the passage
of this law.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Whenwas that act passed?
Mr. HAliLAN. In 1856, I think. Since
then the Department lias adjudicated all claims
arising under that law in cases where the In-
dian tribes were entitled to annuities from the
United States, and indemnity has been with-
held from the Indians and paid over to the
parties who have suffered losses.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to hear this
bill read and to hear a statement of its pecu-
liar merits. I regard the precedent as danger-
ous, and if there is any peculiarity about this
case that entitles it to our consideration I
should like to hear it.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to correct an answer
I made to an inquiry as to the date of the law.
It seems to have been approved February 28,
18-39.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope this bill will pass.
It is veiy true, that in the repealing act there is
no saving clause in favor of cases which had
already accrued. That certainly, in my judg-
ment, was a very serious oversight on the part
of Congress in passing the act. I cannot pre-
sume it was their intention to deprive parties
who were justly entitled, under the old law, to
compensation. It would be a very singular
state of legislation indeed. Certainly they
would have been compelled to come here under
the act of 1834, which is in the most general
terms. All parties who were lawfully in the
Indian country, and whose property has been
destroyed by the Indians without their fault,
are entitled to compensation, first from the
trust fund that may exist in favor of the Indians,
if there be any such; and if there be no such
then the payment is to be made out of the
Treasury of the United States. It seems to
me it was a solemn promise given to all such
parties by Congress that they should be com-
pensated in such cases, and I think it would
be very hard, indeed, to deprive a party of
that compensation who was really entitled to
it before the repeal of the act by the very
terms of the act of 1834.
I need say nothing of the merits of the claim-
ant in whose behalf this bill is urged, or rather
of her child. We all, who are acquainted with
the events of the war, know the character of
General Richardson. He was a most gallant
and able commander, one of the first and fore-
most in the army of the Potomac. His mem-
ory is cherished by the people of my own
State, from which he came, and I really hope
that Congress will do his child and his mem-
ory the simple justice to keep a plain contract
which was made with him under a former act,
and that we shall not violate our good faith in
reference to a claimant of this description.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no doubt that the
case is in itself a meritorious one, but I think
the Senate ought not to establish a precedent
of this kind without fully understanding the
circumstances that led to the repeal of that
part of the law.
When the Indian intercourse act, as it is
called, was first passed, the Indians were en-
titled to the occupancy of an immense tract of
country west of the Mississippi river, and that
law itself inhibited the intercourse of white
people with the Indians. It was not lawful for
white men to visit them unless they were sol-
diers or agents of the Government or employes
of some kind of the national Government; and
when any of them attempted to visit them or
to settle among them it became the duty of the
military authorities to expel them, which was
frequently doue. The " dragoons," as they
were then called, were in that service; it was
the chief' part of the duty they performed on the
western frontier to expel white men from the
Indian territory. So that depredations by Indi-
ans on the property of white men occurred
very seldom; white men had not the opportu-
nity to commit depredations on the Indians.
But since that period all this territory has been
thrown open and civil governments have been
set up; white men have been enabled to occupy
the whole of it with the exception of limited
reservations to which some of the tribes have
been assigned. The modification of this law
was proposed by Mr. Hunter, at that time the
chairman of the Committee on Finance of the
Senate. I remember the statements which he
made, which I think were sustained by current
history and have become more potential since.
It was said that white men having herds of
cattle or stock of different kinds, and being with-
out a market, would drive them over to the
vicinity of Indian tribes, where depredations
would be certain to be committed on them.
They would secure an appraisement of the value
of the property thus destroyed and apply to the
Government here for payment. If the Indians
were entitled to annuities it was paid out of
the annuity fund; if not, it would be paid from
the Treasury of the United States. It was to
cut off wrongs of this kind inflicted on the
Treasury that this modification was made of the
original intercourse act. If it were wise and
prudent at that time—which I doubted ; I think
I voted against the bill—it certainly would be
improper to change it now, for the reasons for
such a restriction have been augmented a hun-
dredfold since.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think I have a recollec-
tion that a few sessions ago a very large claim
for indemnity on account of Indian depreda-
tions met the support of my friend from Cali-
fornia—I allude to the Chorpenning claim.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not support that claim;
quite the contrary.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I withdraw -that
remark; but certainly the bill making indem-
nity in that case was passed by Congress, and
that was a claim which could not very essen-
tially differ from this in the principle on which
it was based. If I understand this case aright
the husband of the present claimant, General
Richardson, was by right and according to law
in the Indian country in the performance of
his duty as an officer of the Army. There can
be, no reason, then, for the disallowance of the
claim. If he were a trespasser on the Indian
lands it might be otherwise; but ho was in the
Indian country lawfully and in the performance
of his duty. For myself, I doubt very much
the policy of the law repealing that clause of
the trade and intercourse act requiring the
Government to make indemnity in such cases,
for without some guarantee upon the part of
the Government to indemnify against depreda-
tions committed by the Indians upon those
who happen to be casually in the Indian coun-
try the whites will revenge themselves upon
the Indians, commit depredations by way of
retaliation or reprisal, and in this way lay the
foundation for Indian wars. I think it would
be much safer for the Government to step in
and make good losses of this character, and
fulfill its guarantees and obligations under the
act of 1834. I think that was a wise provision
of law, and, in my judgment, it was a great
mistake to repeal it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
Mr. CONNESS. The effect of the amend-
ment will simply be to put every application
that comes hereafter upon its merits, the pres-
entbill, if passed, not disturbing or being con-
strued as a disturbance of the laws as they now
exist; that is all.
Mr. CONKLING. I understood the hon-
orable Senator from Minnesota to say that this
is a case in which the person was properly
within the limits of this Territory, and, if I
understand him aright, in the military service.
Mr. RAMSEY. So I am informed.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is so.
Mr. CONKLING. If that be so I submit
to the Senator from California, even if there
were virtue in his amendment, why should we
say that this bill shall not be a precedent?
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose that if such an
amendment be not adopted it will be construed
as a repeal or a precedent of sufficient strength
to be equal to a repeal or modification of the
act of 1859, which has been read by the Sen-
ator from Iowa, and which repeals the original
act justifying the allowance of these damages.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator mean
that when another case comes as meritorious
as this we shall not allow it?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; I mean, on the
contrary, that it shall be considered on its
merits, but that the passage of this claim shall
not constitute an invitation to persons to pre-
sent such claims here, the western country
being full of them.
Mr. CONKLING. I sympathize with the
object which the Senator from California has
in view ; but I am afraid he will not be able to
accomplish it, although this amendment is per-
haps as ingenious as any that could have been
offered with that view. Jf this claim is to be
allowed and other claims equal in merit are to
be rejected, action is to be taken which I sub-
mit is wholly indefensible. If this claim is to
be allowed and other claims as meritorious as
this are also to be allowed, then we ought not
to say that this shall not be a precedent. And
then, again, whether we say or do not say that
it shall not be a precedent, the Senator from
Kansas has well said that the act itself is a
precedent despite the verbiage in which it may
be wrapped. It will be a precedent for the
allowance not only of other claims in truth as
meritorious as this, but for the allowance of
other claims which in general character cannot
be distinguished from this. Therefore I think
I see in it not a proposition to appropriate
$400, but a proposition looking to the future
appropriation of a vast sum of money, and a
proposition taking from us very largely, if not
the right, the consistency with which hereafter
we may deny such claims. If this be a case
of hardship, as a matter of feeling I should like
to vote for the bill; but whether it be a case of
hardship or not, unless it falls within the strict
right, unless by law the claimant is entitled to
this money, (in which event we should not be
called upon to legislate at all,) I am admon-
ished by many considerations that my duty is
to vote against it.
Mr. MORTON. The amendment offered
by the Senator from California seems to me to
amount to this: that this claim is not exactly
right, or that it is a ease of favoritism and we
will not do so again. If this claim is right in
principle we ought not to say it shall not be
drawn into precedent. If it is not right in
principle we ought not to allow it at all. I am
advised that there is a vast body of claims per-
haps quite as meritorious as this; and if we
shall pass this claim with as many protests as
we please attached to it, as is stated by the
Senator from Kansas and the Senator from
New York, the act will bg a precedent, the
force of which we cannot escape from. It a
claim shall be brought here exactly of the same
character with this, I ask" if the Senator pre-
senting that claim will not refer, and with force,
to the fact that we have allowed this claim?
Therefore, sir, the amendment oft'ered by the
Senator from California amounts to nothing,
except as a sort of concession that in tome
way this claim is not exactly right. 1 am
