THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
Mr. CURTIS. Yes; it is proved.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Perhaps we shall
see differently when we get through. [To the
witness.] Did he ever get you into his room,
directly or indirectly, in order to put sueh a
question as that before ?
Mr. EVARTS. That we object to. It as-
sumes that he was got in then.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. If he was not got
in, how was he there?
Mr. EVARTS. This witness has said that
upon his inquiry how the President was the
Private Secretary said "Would you like to
see him?" and the witness said "Certainly,"
and went into his room. If that is being got
into his room, directly or indirectly, I am very
much mistaken.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I assume one the-
ory, Mr. President, and the counsel assume
another.
Mr. EVARTS. No; I follow the testimony.
I assume nothing.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I again say that I
assume another theory upon- the testimony,
and I think the testimony was that he came
there by the procurement of the Piesident. I
should so argue to the Senate if it become my
opportunity to argue ; but, without pausing for
that, I will ask this question. [To the wit-
ness.] Were you ever in that like position with
regard to the President before you got there
then ?
Answer. Never.
Question. Did lie say to you anything upon
this subject: "I asked the same question of
your commander, General Emory, yesterday,
and he told me the same as you do?"
Answer. 1 do not understand the question.
Question. Did he say to you that he had
asked the same question the day before of
General Emory, and got the same answer ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did he speak of it as a thing that
he desired to know or a thing that he did know
already ?
Mr. EVARTS. What he did say is the
question ?
Mr. STANBERY. We object, Mr. Chief
Justice, to that mode of examination-in-chief.
That way of examining a witness is altogether
new to us.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I will not press it,
sir. I always desire to waive whenever I can.
[To the witness.] Was there anything more
said ?
Answer. Nothing more said on that subject.
Question, On your part or his ?
Answer. Neither.
Question. Did you find out next'day that you
had not been rejected by the Senate?
Mr. STANBERY. What has that got to'do
with it?
Mr. EVARTS. It is wholly immaterial.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Not at all. The
President sends for an officer of the Army
through his Secretary, andinforms him that the
Senate has rejected him, and then having got
him into his presence begins to inquire about
the movement of troops when it was not true
that, he had been rejected.
The Witness. If 1 used the word "rejected"
in my testimony I was not aware of it. 1 do
not know that that was the expression ; and
when I come to reflect I think the language
was that my name had been '* set aside."
Mr. Manager BUTLER. What made you
change it?
Mr. STANBERY. He did not change it.
He said '■ set aside" before.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
! Do you say now that you did not understand
! that you were rejected ?
Answer. Tliat myname was set aside. My
! own view of the matter was that I had been
> rejected.
Question. If that was your view why did you
change the language just now from " rejected"
to set a«ide?"
Mr. EVARTS. He did not change it. He
said "set aside" before. It was you that
changed it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I understand what
he says, perfectly.
Mr. EVARTS and Mr. STANBERY. So
do we.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Why did you interrupt., sir, and say, " Well, I
do not know that 1 did say ' rejected? ' "
The Witness. I have a perfect right, sir,
I presume, to make use of such language as I
think proper in my replies.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Undoubtedly. I
also have a right to ask why do you use it ? I
do not object to the right. I only want to know
the reason.
The Witxess. My reason was to correct
any misapprehension in regard to the expres-
si.on of Colonel Moore. My own view was that
it amounted to a rejection; but he said "set
aside ;" he used that language, I believe.
Question. Did he make any difference be-
tween "set aside" and "rejected" that'you
know of at that time ?
Answer. That is aquestionl neverthoughtof.
Question. You did not think of it at that
time ?
Ansicer. No, sir.
Question. Did he advise yon to use influence
with Senators to get yourself confirmed?
Mr. STANBElvY. What has that to do
with the question—what Colonel Moore ad-
vised him?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. In order to show
whether he understood that he was rejected,
becanss there was no occasion to use influence
with Senators if he did not understand that he
was rejeetcd. [To the counsel for the respond-
ent.] Do you continue your objection?
Mr. STANBERY. Certainly; but there is
no use to continue it; you keep on asking the
question in that way. [A pause.] Arc you
through with the witness, Mr. Manager?
Mr. Manager BLl TLB R. I will let you know
when I am, sir. [A pause. ] I am now through
with the witness.
Mr. STANBERY. So are we.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I move that
the Senate take a recess for ten minutes.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed its session at two o'clock and forty-
five minutes p. m.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The honorable
Managers will proceed with their evidence.
Mr. Manager WILSON. We now offer a
certified copy of the order restoring General
Thomas to the duties of the Adjutant Gen-
eral's office.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Is there any ob-
jection to the order?
Mr. STANBERY. Has not that been put
in before?
Mr. Manager WILSON. No, sir; this is
the order of the General of the Army, issued
in pursuance of the President's request, which
we put in before.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
read the order.
The Secretary read as follows :
Headqttarteus Army of the Uxitko States,
Washington", 1). (J., It-, lbbS.
Sin* General Grant direct mo to say that tho
President of tho United St site* desires you to resume
your duties as Adjutant General oi the Aimy.
Very re poctlully. you. , & r comstocK.
Brevet Brigadier General, A. A. 0. J>. V.
General L. Thomas, Adjutant General.
Official copy for Hon. E. M. Stanton. Secretary of
War.
A<ljutant (/aural.
Adjutant Gr.kkk -il's Office, Feb, ua, y 14,18GS.
William E. Ciiaxdleii sworn and exam-
ined.
By Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. Mr. Chandler^ I believe you were
once Assistant Secretary ot the treasury I
Answer. 1 was, sir.
Question. From what time to what time?
Answer. From June, 1865, until the 30th of
November, 18(57.
Qtmsiion. While in the discharge of the
duties of your office, did you learn the office
routine of practice by which money was drawn
from the Treasury for the use of the War De-
partment?
Answer. I did. sir.
Question. Will you state the §teps by which
money could be drawn from the Treasury for
the use of the War Department?
Answer. By Requisition of the Se'cretaryof
War upon the Secretary of the Treasury, which
requisition passes through the accounting offices
of the Department, and is then honored by the
issue of a warrant signed by the Secretary"of
the Treasury, upon which tho money is paid by
the Treasurer of the United States.
Question. Please name the accounting offi-
cers through whose offices it will pass.
Answer. The Second Comptroller of the
Treasury has the control of the War and Navy
accounts. Several of the auditing officers pass
upon war requisitions—the Second Auditor and
tlie Third Auditor, and possibly others.
Question. Please trace and give the offices,
if you can, through which a requisition from
tho War Department for money would go, from
one office to the other, until the money would
get back to the War Office ?
Answer. My attention has notbeen called to
that subject until now, and I am not sure that
I can state accurately the process in any given
case. My impression, however, is that a re-
quisition from the Secretary of War would come
to the Secretary of the Treasury, and pass from
the Secretary's office to the office of the Second
Comptroller of the Treasury for the purpose
of ascertaining whether or not the appropria-
tion upon which the draft was to be made had,
or had not, been overdrawn. The requisition
would pass from the office of the Comptroller
through the office of the Auditor, and thence
back to the Secretary of the Treasury. There-
upon, in the warrant room of the Secretary of
the Treasury, a warrant for the payment of the
money would be issued, which would also pass
through the office of die Comptroller, being
countersigned by hitn. Then it would pass into
the office of the Register of the Treasury to be
there registered", and thence to the Treasurer
of the. United States, who, upon this requisi-
tion, would issue his draft for the payment of
the money. This is substantially the process,
although 'l am not sure that I have stated the
different steps accurately.
Question. Ought it not to go to the Second
Auditor first?
Answer. Quite possibly the requisition would
first go to the Auditor.
Question. The Second Auditor and then the
Comptroller?
Answer. The Second or Third Auditor, and
then to the Comptroller.
Question. Is there any method known to
ypu by which the President of the United
States or any other person can get" money
from the Treasury of the United States for the
use of the War Department except through a
requisition of the Secretary of War?
Answer. There is not.
Question. I now clesiro to ask you what is
tho course of issuing a commission to an offi-
cer,say who has been confirmed by the Senate?
What is the official routine in the Treasury
Department ? I suppose it is the same for all ?
Answer. A commission is prepared in the
Department and signed by the Secretary. It
is forwarded to the President and signed by
him. It is then returned to the Treasury
Department, where, in the case of a bonded
officer, it is held until his oath and bond have
been filed and approved; in the case of an
officer not required by law to give bond the
commission is held until he quafifies by taking
the oath. It is my impression that th?s is the
usual form. There are some officers in the
Treasury Department whose commissions are
countersigned by the Secretary ot State in-
stead of by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Assistant Secretaries, for instance, have
commissions which are countersigned by the
Secretary of State and not by the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Question. As I suppose the Secretary of the
Treasury's own commission is?
