3108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June Wl
particular fact specially noted. I have already
explained that there are pages upon tobacco,
there are pages upon distilled spirits, but we
cannot present anything like a perfect or con-
sistent bill unless we add to those parts sec-
tion after section to be culled out, rearranged,
and modified from other parts of the bill, now
relating to all subjects which are to be objects
of administrative law, but which must then be
so fashioned as to apply particularly and only
to these, but which must be. put into the bill
even if they do apply only to these.
To do that work will require the committee,
in my belief, as long or near as long, I believe
quite as long, if they do their work well and
properly, as it will require to go through with
this bill in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I give it not only as my
own opinion, but as the opinion of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. And I know
what I say. I give it as the opinion of the
committee, with all the good faith to go at this
work and do what we can, we cannot prepare
such a bill as you will instruct us to bring in
under about the same time it will take us to go
through with the remainder of the bill.
In order to lighten the labor of the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the subject of tobacco we
have been in session an hour and a half before
you, gentlemen, who are now opposing this bill,
thought it necessary to come here. We have
been here since half past ten o'clock this morn-
ing ; and there are now delegations from differ-
ent traders and manufacturers of tobacco wait-
ing in the committee-room with whom we have
not finished. We have been running backward
and forward, as well as we could, between the
House and the committee-room, attending to
our votes here while endeavoring to carry 011
our action there. The result of the discus-
sion this morning is that the criticisms pro-
voked from the tobacco trade and tobacco man-
ufacturers represented in the various branches
of the tx'ade by the publication of our bill have
been met and considered, and we are ready to
present such questions to the House for their
consideration as will provide modifications or
.amendments to be made so far as that interest
is concerned.
And, sir, the same thing is true in regard to
distilled spirits. Wc have notified gentlemen
to appear before us to-morrow and next day
with a view to meeting their criticisms and
listening patiently to what they have to sug-
gest, so we may collect the revenue which the
Government ought to have and at the same
time provide no injustice shall be done to any
citizen.
But in the midst of this we are to be set at
a different work; in the midst of this we are
to be thrown back to begin again; in the
midst of this we are to take up this bill, repair
to our copimittee-room, and in the hour or so
we can get each morning before we come to
attend to our business here set. ourselves to
work to bring in the two subjects in one bill
which these gentlemen think ought alone to be
put into this bill—something about distilled
spirits and something on the subject of tobacco,
u,nd as we say it must also give us something
which will provide the necessary machinery
lind administrative sections to secure the col-
lection of the taxes you want to derive from
these sources.
Mr. Speaker, I could talk a long time upon
this subject if I were so disposed, and longer
than the time allowed me; but I think I shall
not extend my remarks further.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. SC1IENCK. I will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to ask my col-
league whether, in his judgment, if we pass
the" bill as it now lies upon our table, in case
it should be found necessary to do ultimately
just what this resolution looks to, it will not be
better to pass the bill as it now is and allow
the Senate to cut out such portions as they
can get through with speedily and return to us,
and whether that would not accomplish the
object of the resolution better than the adop-
tion of the pending resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think what I have said
leaves that fairly to he inferred. That cer-
tainly is my opinion. I say we cannot get
back such a bill as these gentleman ask for in
much less time than it will take to go through
this hill now just as it is; and I say if we are
to go at that work after this bill has left this
House, then in the House committee we can
do it as well as between now and then. It
seems to be a difficulty that Senators have said
they will not take the responsibility of cutting
down the bill in that way, and therefore out of
great respect for those Senators, and for fear
that the Senate will keep us here a long time,
we must accommodate our views to theirs, and
take upon ourselves the labor of presenting a
half bill instead of leaving it to the other branch
of Congress.
Now sir, I do not believe that it will take any
such time as has been spoken of. How much
time has bffen occupied on this subject? There
was the Delano and Morgan case. There were
various occasions when reports were made from
the managers, and Mr. Woolley was brought
before us. There have been questions from
the Committee on Appropriations brought in
from time to time. There have been va-
rious other incidental matters cutting down
the time allowed us since the first day of this
month when we first took up this bill in the
House, besides the time allowed for general
debate, so that we have not had five whole days
on this bill this far. I do not think we have
had more than four. And yet we have gone
half through the bill.
When I predicted that we could go through
this bill in threeweeksgentlemensaidoh, if that
were possible they were willing to go on; but
they thought it would take nearer three months.
Sir, suppose we have used two weeks. The
House will understand that another week most
probably, if gentlemen will stay here and keep
a quorum, will do the work. I admit that we
must have the presence of members. 1 admit
that members must not go away and break up
a quorum and then come back and try to break
down the bill. That will not answer. But if
we can have a quorum here, a working major-
ity, I say that m all human probability—and
what we have done already proves that I am
right in my prediction—a week will finish the
bill. That is the declaration which I now
make in the presence of the House and the
country.
Again, I say if this bill gets the go-by, and
if in consequence of the action pursued here
we are delayed in any way hereafter, it must
be remembered who takes the responsibility.
It is the Democratic party, almost to a man,
with about one third of the Republican party.
1 cannot tell what the vote has been to-day.
It has not been so strongly in the direction of
sustaining the bill, so far as Republicans are
concerned, for fewer of them have sustained it
to-day. But the vote the other day was eighty-
two for going on with the bill, consisting of
seventy-live Republicans and seven Democrats;
while against going on with the bill there were
thirty-four Republicans and twenty-three Dem-
ocrats. That is more than two to one of the
Republicans in favor of going on. A little
more than one third of the Republicans, uniting
with nearly the whole of the Democrats, voted
against going 011 with this work. To-day the
proportion is pretty nearly the same.
I wish it to be understood, then, that so far
as the Committee of Ways and Means are-con-
cerned we are sustained by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Buooks,] who have stood
with us faithfully and manfully on this subject;
but with those exceptions nearly the undivided
Democracy goes with a portion of the Repub-
lican party, and there is no escaping from the
conclusion that while the majority of those
who feel the responsibility because they repre-
sent the party that is m the majority of the
House are waiting and anxious to go on, less
than a majority are uniting with the Democrats
to defeat that object. I will yield the rest of
the time to any member of the committee who
wishes to be heard. ■ •
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has. five
minutes remaining.
Mr. MAYNAKD. I desire to obtain the
floor simply to say that in the statement of the'
facts relating to the action of the committee,'
as they have been presented by the chairman
of the committee, he has not done more than
justice to the committee, while, so far as he
himself is concerned, he has failed to do justice
to his own labors. For, instead of five months, -
I think the Calendar will show it is nearer
seven. By an assiduity of labor that I have
never seen equaled in my experience, this bill
has been discussed, its provisions examined
one by one, and this is the result of the labor;
and I fully concur in what the chairman has
stated, that to take out of this bill the subjects
of tobacco and distilled spirits, and to intro-
duce them with those provisions of the law
which relate to collecting the duty upon them,
and adapt them to the present law as it is—to
bring this new cloth into old garments—will
only operate to make the rent worse. It will
require a vast amount of labor, and that labor
will not accomplish what is hoped, expected,
and believed can be accomplished by this bill.
I yield to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Niblack.]
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I have voted
all the while in favor of the proposition to go
on with this bill since the motion to postpone
it has been submitted. I have done so, in the
first place, because I am a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, which reported
it, and because I believe that it is only proper
courtesy on my part to sustain the committee
in a matter of this kind. But I have done it
for the additional reason that I think there is
much legislation needed upon the subject of
internal revenue taxes, some of which, at least,
we may be able to accomplish by passing this
bill. But I am the more particularly anxious
that this proposition to postpone, or in other
words to emasculate the bill, shall not succeed
for the reason that I think it will result in a
positive loss of time to this House and to this
Congress. As has been well said by the chair-
man of the Committee "of Ways and Means,
we cannot mature a new bill in perhaps less
than a week so as to meet the requirements
of the resolution now pending. If we should
go on with the consideration of the bill, I
think we could in that time dispose of it so
far as the House is concerned, and we would,
therefore, be rid of the question by about the
time which will be required for the committee
to prepare a new bill as instructed by this
resolution. It may be that the Senate, when
this bill should reach it, if it ever shall, will
decide to take out so much of it as relates to
whisky and tobacco, and send it back in this
amended form. If so, the responsibility will
be upon the Senate, and it will then be a matter
of economy of time, perhaps, for them to do
so, if they shall so resolve. But for the House
to adopt that course, and attempt now to sepa-
rate some sections of the bill and pass a
portion of them, I think would result in an
absolute loss of time, and looking to that, and
to that alone, I am earnestly opposed to this
proposition to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The half hour assigned
to the Committee of Ways and Means has
expired, and the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Shaxks,] the mover of the resolution, is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Before the gentleman
proceeds I desire to say that if I was mistaken
in what I said in regard to him, I will with-
draw it. I believe the gentleman got an in-
definite leave of absence, and was away for ten
or fifteen days, and has only been here for the
last l.wo^Br three days. I believe he was not
! here when the bill was taken up, nor when the
! motion to postpone was made by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butleb.] He
I can correct me if I am wrong.
