2144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March -27,
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 27, 1868.
' Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
Hie Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ouder of business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 266.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion can only be entertained by unanimous
consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we had better
go through with the morning business. It will
take but a moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
new rules the motion is out of order if any
objection is made.
petition and memorial.
Mr. ROSS presented a memorial of honor-
ably discharged officers of the late army to
suppress the rebellion, protesting against the
passage of the bill prohibiting the payment of
the commutation for pay of officers' servants;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
kkport8 of committees.
Mr. FREL1NGITUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
bill {S. No. 35) for the relief of John F.
Stewart, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. YVILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (II. R. No. 2I8j for the relief of John
M. Palmer, reported it with amendments, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
bills introduced.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. II. No. ISO) for the relief ot'cer-
tain officers, non-commissioned officers, and
soldiers of the Army; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 400)^ fixing the salary of the district at-
torney of the State of Nevada; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEWART. I present certain letters
explanatory of the bill just introduced, which
I move to refer with the bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
j. ltoss browne's report.
Mr. ROSS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing :
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of
the report of J. Ross Browne on the mineral re-
sources of the Xerritoriesbeprintodfortlieuse ot the
Senate.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to give notice to
the Committee on Appropriations that I shall
offer at the proper time the amendment which
I now send to the Secretary in order that it
may he referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The proposed amendment is to the bill (H.
R. No. 818) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1869, and for other purposes ;
and it is on page 15, to insert after line three
hundred and fifty-three the following para-
graph :
For surveying the boundary line between theState
of Nebraska and Territory of Colorado, and that
portion of the western boundary of the State of Ne-
braska emlnaced between the forty-first and forty-
third degrees of latitude, estimated three hundred
and twenty miles, at not exceeding twenty dollars
per mile, $6,400.
foreign and coasting trade.
Mr. CHANDLEli. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 266.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 26G) to regulate the
foreign and coasting trade on the northern,
northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of
the United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. CHANDLER. As the Committee on
Commerce have reported an amendment to the
bill in the nature of a substitute, I ask that the
substitute only be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The sub-
stitute only will be read unless the reading of
the original bill is called for by some Senator.
The Secretary read the amendment of the
Committee on Commerce, which was to strike
out all of the original bill after the enacting
clause arid to insert the following in lieu
thereof:
That the master of every vessel enrolled or li-
censed to engage in the ioreign and coasting trade
on the northern, northeastern, and northwestern
frontiers of the United States shad, before the de-
parture ot his vessel from a port in one collcction
district to a port in another collection district, pre-
sent to the collector at the port ot departure dupli-
cate manifests of his cargo, or. if ho have no cargo,
duplicate manifests setting forth that fact, which
manifests shall besubscubed and sworn ur affirmed
to by the master before the collector, who shall in-
dorse thereon his certificate of clearance, retaining
one for the files of h s office, the other he shall de-
liver for the use of the master. And in case such
vessel shall touch at any intermediate port in the
United States, and there discharge cargo taken on
boaid at an American port, or at such intermediate
ports shall take 011 board cargo destiued for an Amer-
ican port, the master of such vessel shall not be
required to report such lading or unlading at such
intermediate ports, but shall enter the same on his
manifest obtained at the original port of departure,
which he shall deliver to the collector of the pore at
which the unlading ot the cargo is completed within
twenty-four hours after arrival, and shall subscribe
and make oath (or affirm) as to the truth and correct-
ness ot the same. And the master of such vessel
shall, before departing from a poit in one collection
district to a place in another collection district
where there is no custom-house, file his manifest and
obtain a clearance in manner aforesaid, and make
oath or affirmation to the manifest aforesaid, which
manifest and clearance shall be delivered to the
proper officer of customs at the port at which said
vessel next arrives after leaving the place of destina-
tion specified in said clearance: Provided, That the
master of any vessel with cargo, passengers, or bag-
gage from any foreign port or place, shall obtain a
permit and comply with existing laws belore dis-
charging or landing the same: And provided jurther,
That nothing in this section contained shall exempt
masters of vessels from reporting, as now icq lured
by law, any goods, wares, or merchandise destined
for any foreign port: And be it jurther provided. That
no permit shall be required forthe unlading of cargo
brought from an American port.
Sec. 2. And be it jurther enacted, That the master
of any vessel enrolled or licensed as aforesaid, des-
tined with cargo from a place in the United States
at which there may be no custom-house to a port
where there may be a custom-house, shall, within
twenty-four hours after arrival at the port of desti-
nation, deliver to the proper officer of the customs
a manifest, subscribed by him, setting forth the cargo
laden at the place of departure, or laden or unladen
at any intermediate port or place, to the txuth of
which manifest he shall make oath or affirm before
such ofiicer: Provided, That if said vessel have 110
cargo the master shall not berequiredto deliver such
manifest.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That steam-tugs
duly enrolled and licensed to engage 111 the foreign
and coasting trade on the northern, northeastern,
and northwestern frontieis of the United State?,
when exclusively employed in towing vessels, shall
not be required to report and clear at the custom-
house: Provided, That when said steam-tugs shall
be employed in towing rafts or other vessels without
sail or steam motive-power, not required to be en-
rolled or licensed under existing laws, they shall be
required to report and clear in the same manner as
is hereinbefore provided 111 similar cases for other
vessels.
Sec. 4. And be it further enueted, That the mani-
fests, certificates of clearance, oaths or affirmations
provided for by this act, shall be in such form, and
prepared, filled up, and executed in such manner, as
the Secretary of the Treasury may from time to time
prescribe.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That if the master
of any enrolled or licensed vessel, as aforesaid, shall
neglect or fail to comply with any of the provisions I
or requirements of the foregoing sections ot this act, j
such mastcrshall forfeit and pay to the UnitedStates i
the sum of twenty dollars for each and every failure I
or neglect, and for which sum the vessel shall be
liable and may be summarily proceeded against by
way of libel in any district court of the United States.
Sue. 6. And be it further enacted, That in case the
master or owner ot any vessel shall willfully and
falsely swear or affirm to any of the matters or facts
herein required to be sworn or a Sinned to, said mas- ;
ter or owner shall be deemed to be guilty of perjury, |
and shall be liable to all the fines and penalties im- I
posed by existing laws punishing such offenses. I
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That from and j
after the passage of this act the following fees shall j
be levied and collected from the owners and masters
of vessels enrolled or licensed on the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers of the United
States, and none other shall be received than those
herein specially enumerated: For the admeasure-
ment of any vessel the fees prescribed by section —
of an act entitled "An act approved May 6,
1864: for certificate of enrollment, including bond
and oath, SI 10; for granting license, including bond
and oath, if not over twenty tons, forty-five cents;
for granting license, including bond and oath, above
twenty and not over one hundred tons, seventy cents;
for granting license, including bond and oath, above
one hundred tons, $1 20; for certifying manifest, in-
cluding master's oath, and granting permit for ves-
sels to go from district to district, under fifty tons,
twenty-five cents; for certifying manifest, including
master's oath and granting permit for vessels to go
from district to district, over fifty tons, fifty cents;
for receiving manifest, including master's oath, on
arrival of a vessel from one eolleetion district to
another, whether touching at foreign intermediate
ports or not, under fifty tons, twenty-five cents;
for receiving manifest, including master's oath, on
arrival of a vessel from one collection district to
another, whether touching at foreign intermediate
ports or not, over fifty tons, fifty cents; for certifying
a manifest, including master's oath, andgrau ting per-
mit to a vessel under fifty tons, laden with a cargo
destined for a port or place in another district at
which there is no eu3tom-house, twenty-five cents;
for certifying a manifest, including master's oath, and
granting permit to a vessel above fifty tons, laden
with a cargo destined for a port or place in another
district at which there is no custom-house, fifty cents;
for the entry of a vessel of fifty tons or under direct
from a foreign port, SI 50 ; for the entry of a vessel
above fifty tons direct from a foreign port, $2 50: for
the clearance of a vessel of fifty tons or under direct
to a foreign port, $1 50; for the clearance <>f a vessel
above fifty tons direct to a foreign port, 32 50 : Pro-
vided, That vessels departing to or arriving from a
port in one district to or from a port in an adjoining
district, and touching at intermediate foreign ports,
are exempted irora the payment of the entiy fees.
iior a post entry ot such vessel, two dollar^ ; for per-
mit to land or deliver goods, twenty cents; for a bond
taken officially, not otherwise provided for, forty
I cents; for permit to load goods for exportation cn-
! titled to drawback, thirty cents; for debenture or
i other official certificate, not otherwise provided for,
twenty cents; for recording all bills of sale, mort-
gages, hypothecations, orconveyances of vessels, fifty
cents; for recording all certificates for discharging
and canceling any such conveyances, fifty cents; for
furnishing a certificate setting forth the names of the
owners of any registered or enrolled vessel, the parts
or troportions owned by each, and also the material
facts of any existing bill of sale, mortgage, hypothe-
cation. or other incumbrance, the date, amount of
such incumbrance, and from and to whom made, one
dollar; for furnishing copies of such records for each
bill of sale, mortgage, or other conveyance, fifty ccnts;
for receiving manifest of each railroad car or other
vehicle laden with goods, wares, or merchandise from
a foreign contiguous territory, twenty-five cents; for
entry of goods, wares, or merchandise for consump-
tion—warehouse, rewarehouse, transportation, or
exportation, including oath and permit to land or
deliver, fifty cents; for certificate of registry, includ-
ing bond and oath, $2 25: for indorsement of change
ot masters on registry, one dollar.
Sec. 8. And be it J'ui titer enacted, That section one
of an act entitled " An act to further provide for the
collection ofthe revenue upon the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers, and for other
purposes," approved July 14, 1862; and section six
ot an act entitled" An act to prevent smuggling, and
for other purposes," approved June 27,1864; and so
much of an act entitled "An act to regulate the fees
of custom-house officers on the northern, northeast-
ern, and northwestern frontiers of the United States,"
approved March 3,1865, and all other acts or parts
of acts conflicting with or supplied by this act.be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
ofthe Trcasuiy shall have authority to. ascertain the
facts upon all applications for remissions of fnres or
penalties incurred under the provisions of this act,
where the amonntin question does not exceed SI,000,
in such manner and under such regulations as he
may deem proper, and he may thereupon remit or
mitigate such lines or penalties, if in his opinion the
same shall have been incurred without willful negli-
gence or intention of fraud in the per ou or persons
incurring the same, and all fines and penalties im-
posed or recovered by this ac.t shall, after deducting
proper costs and charges, b^aispo.^cd of as provided
by section ninety-one, acV6f March 2, 171j9.
X should like to hear
some\explunatioi^€f this bill, it is a very
long aiwjh it strips me, a very important .bill,
and it ha^jeen^>n our tables but a day or two.
I have ne^urseen or heard of it before. I
should like to have an explanation-of where
it comes from, what it means, and what the
operation is.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a bill that mate-
rially affects the commerce of the northwestern
lakes and changes the present rules and regu-
lations to a considerable extent. Under ex-
isting laws a vessel taking in a cargo 11 Buffalo
destined for different points between Bufialo
and Chicago is obliged to take out a manifest
and general papers at every port where she
