4192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1*7,
which I have first referred for $150,000,000
what these rates shall be and for what they
shall be receivable:
"And any of the said notes, when returned to the
Treasury, may bo reissued from timo to tunc as the
exigencies of the public seivioe may require. Ana
in lieu of any of said notes, or any other United
States notes, returned to the Treasury, or canceled
or destroyed, there may bo issued equal amounts of
United States notes, such as are authorized by this
act."
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
ilr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, rose 
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentlemanwill oppose
my amendment, as I have made a very bad one.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise
merely to call the attention of the House to
the $50,000,000 additional issue authorized by
the act of June 30, 1864, which is iu these
words:
" That the Secretary of the Treasury may author-
ize the receipt, as a temporary loan of United States
notes or the notes of national banking associations,
on deposit for not less than thirty days, in sums not
less than fifty dollars, by any Assistant Treasurer ot
the United Slates," * a. *   " who shall
issue certificates of deposit in such form as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall prescribe, bearing in-
terest not exceeding six per cent."
It then goes on to provide that for the pay-
ment of such deposit of United States notes
not exceeding $50,000,000, including the
amount already applied for any sueh payment,
the United States notes held in reserve shall
be used only when wanted, in his judgment,
for the payment of said deposit on demand. I
think my fiiend from Iowa does not claim that
tins provision is applicable to the §50.000,000
of certificates authorized to be issued three
years afterward lor the redemption of the com-
pound-interest notes.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question? He concludes that the
law authorized the issue of $400,000,000 of
greenbacks, as I understand.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. WELKEIt. I see by the provisions of
this section that it authorizes the decrease of
the greenback circulation $100,000,000 and the
substitution of interest-bearing notes in place
of them, and also authorized an increase of
greenbacks and a decrease of the bonded debt
to the same amount.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say in answer
to what my colleague has said that if the law
is as he alleges, it presents this peculiar, and,
as it seems to me, absurd result: that the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized by law
to retire, cancel, and destroy from forty to one
hundred million dollars of United Stales notes,
and the next week or the next day may print and
issue just the same amount again, and all this
by authority of law. If anybody can see any
reason in such a law he is more astute than 1
am. I know there is a provision of the law that
he may destroy mutilated notes and issue new
ones.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would ask whether some-
thing must not be left to the discretion and
sense of decent propriety of the Secretary of
the Treasury ?
Mr. RROOMALL. Not much ; as little as
possible.
Mr. SCHENCK. But in this particular mat-
ter the law of 18U3 provided that in lieu of
said notes or any other United States notes
returned to the Treasury and canceled or de-
stroyed, there might be issued equal amounts,
without any of the restrictions the gentleman
speaks of. It is only left to his good sense
not to take them one day and put them out
again the next.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is the best reason
for my position. That law appears to me to
refer to the notes that had theretofore been
destroyed. Under that law the Secretary was
authorized to reissue notes to the amount that
had been authorized by law, but which by
another law had been canceled and destroyed.
But it seems to me it would be a very violent
construction of the law to hold that the law of
1863 had a prospective application and applies
for all time to come to all notes that may be
authorized by any law to be redeemed and
destroyed. Now, all 1 have to say in conclu-
sion, is that if my colleague's construction is
correct, it proves to me the absolute necessity
of amending this section so as to prevent an
increase of the present volume of the cur-
rency. Rather than authorize an increase I
would lose the section altogether.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being put on the amendment
of Mr. Bkoomall, there were—ayes 35, noes
60 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. RROOMALL. I do not insist upon
tellers.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend by
adding to the section the following, which I
hope will be adopted :
Provided further, That nothing in this act shall be
so construed as to authorizo an increase of United
States notes abovo the amount now outstanding,
The question being put on the amendment,
there were—ayes 51, noes 57.
Mr. GARFIELD. I demand tellers. _
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Gakfieu> and Butler of
Massachusetts.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 41, noes 02.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LYNOIT. I offer the amendment which
I send to the Clerk's desk as a substitute for
the section.
The Clerk read as follows :
lie it fmthor nincteJ, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized and directed
to issue United States coupon bonds to an amount
not exceeding $300,000,000, of such denominations,
not less than $100, or-the multiple of SI00, as the Sec-
retary shall prescribe, payable in lawful money, on
demand, bearing interest at the rate of three per
cent, per annum, payable quarter yearly in lawful
money, and subject to State, municipal, and local
taxation; said bonds to be issued to any person pay-
ing therefor the par yalue^ thereof in lawful money
at the Treasury of the United States, and shall bo
redeemed by the United States at any time twenty
years after their Inst issuo and not earlier, except at
the option of the holder, as hereinafter provided,
and at the expiration of said twenty years shall bo
paid in coin. _
Sjqc. 3. And be It farther enacted, That, the Secrc-
taiy of the Treasury shall take up said bonds when-
ever presented for that purpose at tho Treasury of
the United States, paying therefor, in lawful money,
the par value thereof and the accrued interest
thereon, to the amount of any matured and unpaid
coupon thereto attached; and the bonds so taken up
may be reissued in manner piovided for their first
issue, the interest which may have accrued on any
coupon thereto attached, at the timo of said reissue,
being paid by tho purchaser in addition to thepar
value of the bonds; and said bonds may continue
to be reissued as before at any time or times during
the period often years, after which they shall not be
again leissucd.
Mr. LYNCH. The first section of this bill
provides for fundiug the entire debt of the
United Statesin bonds running for forty years,
to be coupon or registered bonds, bearing the
rate of interest of three and sixty-five hun-
dredths per cent., paj-able in coin, to beexempt
from all taxation ; and this third section pro-
vides that United States notes, circulating
notes may be changed into these bonds at par
and reexchanged for notes at the option of the
ho4der. The effect of this is that the United
States would pay for money on call five and
eleven hundredths percent, on currency, while
the banks of the country pay nothing whatever.
With S200,000,000 on deposit in the banks of
New York to-day, 1 ask gentlemen if they sup-
pose that under this provision $100,000,000 of
that money would not immediately go into the
United Slates Treasury, where their money
would he kept for them and they would be paid
five and eleven hundredths per cent, and it
would be exempt from taxation? I want to
call the attention of the committee to the effect
of the exemption from taxation under this sec-
tion. Whenever the time for the assessment
of local taxation came round, every man would
put his money into those United States bonds
for a week and draw the interest on it and be
released from all taxation, getting it back again
as soon as he required it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How can
you tax greenbacks in a mail's pocket now?
Mr. LYN CH, By the law which was passed
to tax them in tho last Congress. They were
exempt from taxation under the first law as all
other United States notes and bonds were ex-
empt, but in the last Congress or in the pres-
ent Congress, we have passed a law subjecting
them to taxation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What law is that?
Mr. LYN CH. The bill passed through this
House. Whether it has become a law or not
I do not know.
Mr. LOGAN. There is no such law as that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentlemen re-
fer to the act?
Mr. LYNCH. I cannot refer to it. But
such a bill was reported and passed the House.
I do not know whether it became a law or not.
Mr. PIKE. It ought to have.
Mr. LOGAN. There is no such law m ex-
istence.
Mr. LYNCH. There are not more than two
States, one of which is Ohio, where money ia
not taxed and where the tax is not collected.
I understand that the bill to which I refer has
not passed. It ought to have passed, if it has
not. .
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It is on
our Calendar now.
Mr. LYNCH. I supposed it had passed. I
supposed the House had sense enough to pass
such a bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Maine
has repeated the argument against the section
reported by the Committee of Waj s and Means,
but has told us nothing about the features of
his own substitute. I rise for the purpose of
putting ray opposition to his amendment into
practical shape. I propose that by unanimous
consent all debate on this section he now closed.
Mr. PIKE. I hope that will be done. De-
bate is very damaging to the section. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CQBURN. I object.
Mr. SOiIENCK. Then I move that the
committee do now rise.
'The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and Mr. Botjtwell
havingtakenthe Chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mi-.Pomeroy reported thalthe Committee of the
Whole on the State of the Union had had tinder
consideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly the bill (S. No. 207) for fund-
ing the national debt and for the conversion of
the notes of the United States, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that all debate ia
Committee of the Whole on the State of the
Union on the pending section of the funding
bill be closed in half a minute after the Com-
mittee of the Whole shall resume the consider-
ation of the bill.
Mr, ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
give half a minute longer 1 will not object.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 77, noes 28.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules bo
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended ; and
the House resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Pojieroy in the chair.) and resumed the con-
sideration ot the bill (S. No. 207) for funding
the national debt, and for the conversion of
the notes of the United States, the pending
question being on the substitute offered bj; Mr.
Lynch for the amendment as an additional
section reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. BUTLER,, of Massachusetts. Before
that question is put, I move to amend the sec-
tion by inserting after the word "Treasurer,"
in line eleven, the words "or any Assistant
Treasurer:'' and by striking out inline thirteen
the words "the Treasurer" and inserting
'* such officerso that it will read:
• 4,nd/ny holder of any of the bonds provided for
xn the first section of this act may present the samo
