86
SUPPLEMENT TO
Answer. It issues from the office of the Sec-
retary of State. I suppose.
Question. On the 20th of November, 18G7,
was there any vacancy iu the office of Assistant
Secretary of the Treasuiy?
Answer. There was not, sir.
Question. Was there any vacancy up to the
30th of November?
Ansiver. There was not.
Question. Do you know Edmund Cooper?
Mr. STANBERY. Will the honorable
Manager allow me to ask what is the object of
this testimony about Mr. Cooper? What is
the purpose?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The object is to
show that one of the ways and means described
in the eleventh article by which the President
proposed to get control of the moneys of the
United States appropriated for the use of the
"War Department was, against law and without
right, to appoint his Private Secretary Assist-
ant Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CURTIS. Is that all the answer?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I have answered
so far. If you have any other question I shall
be very glad to answer it.
Mr. CURTIS. Is that the only answer you
make to the question?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. It is a sufficient
answer, in my judgment, for the time.
Mr. EVAIITS. What part of the eleventh
article is this applicable to ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Both the eighth
and the eleventh articles. The eleventh article
charges him with—
" Unlawfully devising and contriving, and attempt-
ing to devise and connive, moans by wlneh ho should
prevent Edwin M, Stanton from forthwith resuming
tho functions of tho office ot Secretary lor the De-
partment of War, notwithstanding the refusal of the
Senate to concur, &c.; and, also, by further unlaw-
lully devising and contriving, aud attempting to de-
viso and contrive,moans, then and there, to prevent
tho execution of an act entitled 'An act making
appropriations for tho support of tho Army for the
lineal year ending Juno 30, 1808, and for other pur-
poses,' approved March 2,1867; and also to prevent
the execution ot an act entitled 'An act to provide
torthemoreoliicicnt governmentot the rebel States,'
p.tssod,*' &c.
And in order to get the means of doing that,
he wanted to control the purse as well as the
sword, and ho wanted his man, his Secretary,
if in no warmer aud closer relations to him, to
be in the office of Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, the Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury now by law being allowed to sign
warrants.
Mr. Manager BINGIIAM and Mr. Manager
WILSON. Then the eighth article.
_ Mr. Manager BUTLER. Then, as my asso-
ciates call to my attention, the eighth article
charges that—
"With intent unlawfully to control the disburse-
ment of the moneys appropriated lor the military
service and for the Depaument ot W.ir, on the 21st
day ot February, in the year of our Lord ISliS "—
He—
"did, unlawfully and contrary to the provisions of
an act," <&e.—
Do these acts.
Mr. EVARTS. No; appointed Thomas.
You now propose to prove under that that he
appointed Cooper, or tried to do so.
Air. Manager BUTLER. This is the means :
"with intent unlawfully to control."
Mr. EVARTS and Mr. STANBERY. Did
what?
Mr. Manager BUTLER.
"Did unlawfully and contrary to the provisions of
an act entitled 'An act regulating tho tenure ot cer-
tain civil offices,' passed March 2,186S, and in viola-
tion ot the Constitution ot the United States "—
And while the Senate were in session, not to
go on with the verbiage, appoint Lorenzo
Thomas.
Mr. EVAIITS. The allegation is that with
this intent which you have stated, the Presi-
dent did—
, "Jhere being no vacancy in the office of Secretary
for the Department of War, and with intent to vio-
late and disregard the act aforesaid"—
Which is the tenure-of-office act—
"Then and there issue and deliver to one Lorenzo
I ho mas a letter oi authority m writing, in substancc
as follows; that is to say.
Now, you propose to prove nnder that, that
there being no vacancy in the office of Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury, he proposed to ap-
point his Private Secretary, Edmund Cooper,
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury. That is
the idea, is it under the eighth article? We
object to this as not admissible under the eighth
article. As by reference to it will be perceived,
it charges nothing but an intent to violate the
civil tenure act, and no mode of violating that
except in the want of a vacancy in the War De-
partment, the appointment of General Thomas
contrary to that act.
As for the eleventh article the honorable
court will remember that in our answer we
stated that there was in that article no such
description, designation of ways or means, or
attempts at ways or means, whereby we could
answer definitely; and the only allegations
there are, that in pursuance of a speech that
the President made on the 18lh of August, 186G,
he—
"Afterward, to wit, on tho 21st day of February,
A. 1). 1868, at the city of Washington, in the District
of Columbia, did, unlawfully, and in disregard of the
requirement of tho Constitution that he should take
care that the laws be faithfully executed, attempt to
prevent the execution of an act entitled 'An act
regulating the tenure o-f certain civil offices,' passed
March 2.1867, by unlawfully devising and contriving,
and attempting to devise and contrive means by
which he should prevent Edwin M. Stanton from
forthwith resuming the functions ot the office of Sec-
retary for the Department of War, notwithstanding
the refusal of the Senate to concur in the suspension
theretolore made by said Andrew Johnson of said
Edwin M. Stanton from said office of Secretary for
tho Department of War; and also, by further un-
lawfully devising and contriving, and attempting to
devise and contrive means, then and there, to pre-
vent the execution of an act entitled 'An act mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Army for
the fiscal year ending Juno 80, 1808, and for other
purposes,' approved March 2,1867: and, also, to pre-
vent the execution of an act entitled 'An act to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of tho rebel
States,' passed March 2, 1867, whereby," &c.
The only allegation here as to time and prin-
cipal action, in reference to which all these
unnamed and undescribed ways and means
were used, is, that on the 21st of February,
1808, at the city of Washington, he did unlaw-
fully, and in disregard of the Constitution, at-
tempt to prevent the execution of the civil
tenure-of office act, by unlawfully devising and
contriving and attempting to devise and con-
trive means by which he should prevent Edwin
M. Stanton from resuming his place in the
War Department. And now proof is offered
here, substantively, of efforts in November,
1867, to appoint, in the want of a vacancy in
the office of Assistant Secretary of tho Treas-
ury, Mr. Edmund Cooper. We object to that
evidence.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The objection,
Mr. President and Senators, is twofold : first,
that the evidence is not competent; second,
that the pleading is not sufficient. I do not
propose now to discuss the question of plead-
ing. It is said that the pleading is too general.
If we were trying an indictment at common
law for a conspiracy, or for any acts in the
nature of a conspiracy, and we made the alle-
gation too general, the only objection to that
would be that it did not sufficiently inform the
defendant under it what acts might be given ip.
evidence ; and the remedy for a defendant in
that case would be to move for a specification
or for a bill of particulars; and if he neglects
to move for that, the court take care in the
course of the case, if any surprise is upon him,
because of evidence that he could not have
known of, or could not have expected to allow |
him to come in and meet that new evidence. |
Therefore indictments for conspiracies are I
generally drawn as was the indictment in the 1
Martha Washington case, which I now have in j
my mind, it having been drawn by an exceed- j
ingly good pleader, as tradition says, giving one '
general count, and then several specific counts, j
or setting out specific acts in the nature -of ;
specifications; so that, if the pleader fail in
setting out his specific acts, he still may hold
under the general count, and the count setting
out specifications is instead of a bill of psy-ticu-
lars. Now, then, I say we need not discuss
tho'question of pleading.
The only question is, is this competent, if we
can show it was one of the ways and means?
The difficulty that rests in the minds of my
learned friends on the other side is that they
cluster everything about the 21st of February,
1868. They seem to forget that the act of the
21st of February, 1868, was only the culmina-
tion of a purpose formed long before, as in the
President's answer he sets forth, to wit: as
early as the 12th of August, 18G7, that he was
determined then to get out Mr. Stanton, at any
rate—I would use the words "at all hazards;"
but perhaps they might be subject to criticism
until we get through our ease—certaiuly by the
use of force, as the evidence now in shows.
He formed his purpose.
To carry it out there are various things to
do. He must get control of the War Office;
but what good does that do if he cannot get
somebody who shall be his servant, his slave,
dependent on his breath, to answer the requi-
sitions of his pseudo officer whom he may ap-
point; and therefore he began when? Stan-
ton was suspended, and as early as the 12th of
December he had got to put that suspension
and the reasons for it before the Senate, and
he knew it would-not live there one moment
after it got fairly considered. Now he begins.
What is the first thing he does? "To get
somebody in the Treasury Department that
will mind me precisely as Thomas will, if I can
get him in the War Department." That is the
first thing; and thereupon, without any vacancy,
he must make an appointment. The difficulty
that we find is that we are obliged to argue our
case step by step upon a single point of evi-
dence. It is one of the infelicities always of
putting in a case that sharp, keen, ingenious
counsel can insist at all steps on impaling you
upon a pointof evidence; and therefore 1 have
got to proceed a little further.
Now, our evidence, if you allow it to come
in is, first, that he made this appointment; that
this failing, he sent it to the Senate, and
Cooper was rejected. Still determined to have
Cooper in, he appointed him ad interim, pre-
cisely as this ad interim Thomas was appointed,
without law and against right. We put it as a
part of the whole machinery by which to get
hold, to get, if he could, his hand into the
Treasury of the United States, although Mr.
Chandler has just stated there was no way to get
it except by a requisition through the War De-
partment; aud at the same moment, to show that
this was partof the same illegal means we show
you that although Mr. McCulloch, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, must have known that
Thomas was appointed, yet the President took
pains—we have put in the paper—to serve on
Mr. McCulloch an attested copy of the ap-
pointment ot Thomas ad interim, in order that
he and Cooper might recognize his warrants.
Did I not, answer my friends that this was a
sufficient ground ? More than that, I have
yet to learn in a somewhat extended practice
of the law, (not extending, however, so long as
that of most of tho gentlemen on the other
side,) that it was ever objected anywhere, when
I was tracing a man's motives, when I was
tracing this course, that I had not, a right to
put in every act that he did, valeat quantum.
Everything that comes out of his mouth, every
act that he does, I have a right to put in.
Let us see if that is not sustained by authori-
ties. The question arose in the trial of James
Watson for high treason in the year 1817 be-
fore one of the best lawyers of England, Lord
Eilenborough, assisted by Mr. Justice Holroyd,
Mr. Justice Bayly, and Mr. Justice Abbott.
The objection there was precisely the one
the learned counsel raise here. It was alleged
that certain speeches had been made which
were treasonable speeches. That was all that
was said about them ; they were not set out
any further. I got this book (32 State Trials)
for an entirely different purpose; but it con-
tains an authority directly in point. Certain
speeches were alleged ; the indictment charged
that certain speeches were made without setting
them out; and it was claimed that they could
not be pro'ved as overt acts ; and the question
