1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
discharges cargo, paying custom-bouse fees.
This bill changes that. It authorizes the cap-
tain of the ship at the point of departure to
state upon his manifest what his cargo is and
where it is to be delivered, and not compel him
to report until he reaches his final port of des-
tination. For instance, a propeller at Buffalo,
her final destination being Chicago, will take
on cargo for Cleveland, Detroit, Mackinaw,
Milwaukee, and other points, andiscompelled,
if she lands in the night, to await the opening
of the custoin-liouse to get out her papers, and
is subject to great delay and expense. This
does away with that, and authorizes him to
state upon his manifest every port at which he
proposes to stop until arriving at the end of
the voyage and what is to be delivered there.
That is the chief end of section one.
Then there is a proviso applying to steamers
plying only upon the Niagara, Detroit, and St.
Clair rivers. A vessel that is worth, perhaps,
eight or ten thousand dollars will touch every
five or six miles upon each side of those rivers,
and is obliged to take out a manifest every time
she touches Canadian soil and touches Ameri-
can soil, thus compelling a small vessel of very
slight value to pay in many instances as high as
fifteen or eighteen hundred dollars. This bill
does away with the multiplicity of manifests
which heretofore she has been compelled to go
through with. It reduces somewhat the fees
which are paid by these small steamers. It
saves a great deal of time and trouble and a
vast amount of labor which is deemed useless.
Then the general fees are not materially
altered, although they are slightly changed.
The large sums paid by these small steamers
are reduced, and the fees generally are changed
somewhat, but very slightly. For example,
as the fee-bill now stands, the fee " for grant-
ing license, including bond and oath, above
twenty and not over one hundred tons," is
one dollar ; this bill makes it seventy cents.
"For certifying manifest, including master's
oath, and granting permit to vessels to go from
one district to another over fifty tons," the fee
is now fifty cents, and it is here made fifty
cents. " For debenture or other official cer-
tificate not otherwise provided for" the fee is
now twenty-five cents, and this bill makes it
twenty cents. In some cases the fees are
raised slightly, but the general effect is to
leave the amount about the same.
The bill was very carefully considered by the
Committee on Commerce, and unanimously
reported. I have in my hands a petition,
signed, 1 believe, by nearly all the shippers on
the lakes, and certainly by all in Detroit,
earnestly urging the passage of the bill. It is
a bill which is deemed of very great importance
to the commerce of the lakes. If there are
any other points in regard to which Senators
desire explanation I shall be happy to tender it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
this bill lie over, in order that I may look into
it. I have now seen it for the first time, and
know nothing about it. I should like to know
from the Senator from Michigan if the bill has
been examined at the Treasury Department ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to look
into it and see what its effect is to be. I have
had no opportunity, seeing it now for the first
time, to form any opinion about it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; but I beg
to say to the Senate that I shall call it up to-
morrow morning. I can say to the Senator
from Maine that our ships are about coming
out within a week or two, and it is deemed
very important by the shipping interest of the
lakes that the bill should pass before the open-
ing of navigation, which will take place about
the 1st of April. I hope there will be as little
delay as possible, and I shall endeavor to call
up the bill to-morrow morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want an opportunity
to examine it carefully before it is taken up,
and I do not know that I shall have that
opportunity by to-morrow morning.
The bill was postponed until to-morrow.
40th Cong. 2© Sess.—No. 135.
NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. CATTELL. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 440, which was re-
ported from the Committee on Finance, and is
a bill supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,"
approved June 3, 1864.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to say to the Senate
that there are several bills here reported from
the Committee on Claims, and it has been sev-
eral times said that this day, Friday, should
be set apart for passing upon those bills. ' We
have not enough of them, I think, to occupy
the Senate more than an hour or two to-day,
and I would be very glad if the Senate would
allow those few cases to be passed upon. Some
of them have been hanging here a long time,
and others have been reported recently.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Hari.ax] was broken off m the midst of
a speech the other day by the calling up of the
special order at one o'clock; and there was a
general understanding that the bill on which
he was speaking should be considered this
morning. I hope that will be taken up, and
the Senator allowed to conclude his speech.
Mr. HOWARD. I was about to call the
attention of the Senate to that bill.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Iowa
is prepared to go on.
Mr. HOWARD. The bill referred to is the
bill relating to the Central Branch Union Pa-
cific railroad. I hope it will be taken up. The
Senator from Iowa is very anxious to finish
his remarks on the subject.
Mr. CATTELL. In regard to the bill which
I now ask the Senate to take up I will only
state that the Comptroller of the Currency, in
the particular circumstances which surround
him at present, is desirous that this bill re-
ported by the Finance Committee, if passed,
should be passed soon; and I trust that as it
is a bill of considerable public importance it
will be taken up. It can probably be disposed
of between this time and the termination of
the morning hour.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not rise to
object to the proposition of the Senator from
New Jersey on his statement that the bill will
only occupy the time of the Senate between
this and one o'clock ; but I give notice that at
one o'clock I shall ask the Senate to take up
for consideration the naval appropriation bill.
I think it is quite important that we should act
on that bill, so that it may go back to the House
of Representatives very soon.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 hope the Senate will
consent to take up the bill to which I have re-
ferred, the one we had under consideration the
day before yesterday. The Senator from Iowa
had not completed his remarks upon it, and is
now under the necessity of leaving town for a
short time on account of sickness in his family.
1 am very anxious to go on with that bill, and
I hope the Senate will consent to do so.
Mr. CONKLING. May 1 inquire of the
Senator from Michigan whether his motion is
to take up that bill merely to enable the Sen-
ator from Iowa to complete his remarks, or
with a view to continuing the consideration of
the bill afterward?
Mr. HOWARD. Of course my purpose is
to continue the consideration of the bill until
we can reach a final vote upon it; but I wish
at the same time to give the Senator from Iowa
an opportunity to finish his remarks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That ques-
tion is not before the Senate. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. SUMNER. On this question of taking
up I desire to say that it does seem to me,
considering that we have already entered upon
the consideration of the bill now moved by the
Senator from Michigan, that it has occupied
so much of our time, that we have got so far
in it, in all probability so near the termina-
tion of the debate, and that, in point of fact,
one of our number was in the midst of a speech
when the subject the other day.was postponed,
ought to take thafup in preference to all other
business that is not of the most urgent eharac^
ter, and press it to a conclusion. Of course
we should give our friend from Iowa the op-
portunity of finishing his remarks. That is
beyond all question ; but, besides that, the bill
being once again before the Senate, I think it
would be for the economy of public time that
we should proceed with it to its final disposi-
tion. I hope, therefore, that my friend from
Maine will not press to-day his appropriation
bill, at least to the exclusion of this other bill
which is now moved by the Senator from Mich-
igan.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire simply to
state that the bill which the Senator from New
Jersey moves to take up is one which, in the
judgment of the Finance Committee, is very
important. It is a bill of two sections only,
and those sections being read, in all proba-
bility will commend themselves to the judgment
of Senators, and we can dispose of that bill in
the time we occupy in discussing the priority
of business. I hope the Senate will take it up.
It is a matter of importance in connection with
the regulation of the currency and surely the
currency of the country is sufficiently deranged
to command some consideration at the hands
of Senators. The bill has been reported for
some time, and has been lying ou gentlemen's
desks, and being a matter of much greater im-
portance than the measure urged by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts I think it ought to be
taken up and considered. I live in the imme-
diate vicinity of the railroad to which the bill
urged by him relates ; and while it is a propo-
sition which perhaps a very large majority of
my constituents feel interested in, I have taken
no part in its discussion, and I do not know
that I shall take any part in it. Yet, as I
have been cognizant of all the circumstances
connected with that road from the beginning,
as I took part in the legislation of 1802, of 1864,
and of 1800, I feel confident in my own mind
that this is a much more important measure
than that. While that proposes to increase
the public debt of the United States, this pro-
poses to do something toward reviving busi-
ness by a correction of errors in our financial
system.
Mr. FOWLER. While I am in favor of
taking up at an early day the bill mentioned by
the Senator from Michigan, there is another
bill that I feel disposed to press. It is true it
is not in my hands, and, therefore, I cannot bring
it before the Senate ; but I feel bound to men-
tion it. One of the districts in my State has
been here by its Representative for four months
pressing its claims upon the attention of Con-
gress, and as yet that Representative has not
been admitted to his seat. The House of Rep-
resentatives has passed a bill for his admission
as one of its members, and that bill is now be-
fore the Senate, and has been before it for four
or five weeks. I think we ought to act on that
bill one way or the other, and let the people of
that district know what they shall expect. They
sent him here by a Republican majority of ten
thousand votes, probably the largest Repub-
lican majority in any district in the State of Ten-
nessee, and one of the largest Republican ma-
jorities in any district in the United States, a
district that furnished more soldiers to the
Union Army, in proportion to its population,
than any other district in America. And yet
this Representative has been kept out of his*'
seat for four months, and the proposition to
admit him has been four weeksbefore the Senate
without any action upon it. 1 think the Senate
ought to take up that bill and decide upon it
at once. I feel disposed to vote with the Sen-
ator from Michigan in reference, to the claim
which he presents for this bill; but I think the
measure to which I have just referred ought to
bo acted upon and disposed of.
Mr. CATTELL. I think the bill which I
have moved to take up could
been disposed of in the time which the<toeus
i sion in regard to taking it up has consumed.
