1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3169
Mr. SHAjSTKS. I do not feel that that is a ;
subject for consideration at present, aud while j
I have the highest regard for the opinions of ,
others, I must say that it is the legitimate duty j
of every member upon this floor to speak to i
the business of the House, and not to indi- !
viduais. I know it is an easy thing to say that
you will go to the country and hold members
responsible before the country for what they
do here. J am responsible to the country for
what I do. and I stand before my people to
speak for them. I have been with my people;
and I now say to you, sir, and to this House,
in all kindness, that I think if the gentleman
from Ohio had been among his people he
would have learned something better than to
stand here to-day and say to me what he lias
said on this question. 1 do not introduce this
resolution for the purpose of hurting the feel-
ings or assailing the judgment or impugning
the integrity of any man or set of men.
I have the highest regard for the opinions of
the Committee of Ways and Means, and I am
glad that they have discussed and examined
these matters. But if it is true that they have
spent so much time and exercised so much care
and deliberation' in determining for themselves j
with such precision the iinportanceand correct-
ness of this work, it certainly cannot be true that
they will be so much troubled to take out of the
bill aud makeasimple proposition the provisions
in relation to the articles which I have named.
It' the matter has been so thoroughly considered
it cannot be diilicultto take from the bill these
particular provisions and bring them before
the House lor immediate action. Now, 1 do
not wish to do anything against the bill. I do
not know but that it is correct. I do not assail
the bill or the committee that reported it.
But it must be known to every member,, unless
he has been so absorbed in the business in
hand as to know nothing of what is passing
ai'o.md him, that the Senate of the United
States, of which I speak with all deference
and respect, is at least not a rapidly moving
body. How long it will take them to pass the
bill 1 do not know. The House is occupying
some three or four weeks with it, and we do
not manifest a great deal of dignity in the dis-
charge of our duties. Sometimes men who
manifest more dignity do not move as fast as
we do.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is said that I left this
House on a leave of absence. 1 did, sir ; but
that has nothing to do with this matter. 1
returned to this House again in due time. The
gentleman seems to think that I do not know
what was going on here, because I was not in
the House. Let trie say to him that I know
what is going on here although 1 am not here,
and so do the people of the country, although
they are not here.
They know there is formed in this country
to day a whisky ring, as it is called, because
the tax on whisky is so high that they can afford
to form and keep in operation that ring. They
have banded themselves together and have
wrenched from the people the taxes upon dis-
tilled spirits, and have used them for the manip-
ulation of the very elements against which the
country ought to be protected. And the peo-
ple now demand that that tax shall be reduced
so that the great inducement for these frauds
j a.y be removed.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck]
says that the record upon this matter must go
to the country. Sir, 1 want it to go to the
country. And if men propose to attack in this
way those who differ from them concerning the
business of this House, let it also be borne in
mind that the people will hold responsible those
who will not act in sueh a way as at once to
wrench from the hands of these men the means
by which they now despoil the country. I want
that to go to the country also.
There is another thing 1 desire to speak about.
It was said by the gentleman from Ohio LMr.
Schenck] that I was the medium by which this
resolution was brought before the House. N ow,
sir, that was at leastunkind. I have not called
the gentleman the medium of the views at the
■ 40th Cong. 2d Sess.—3sTo. 199.
Committee of Ways and Means. I am not the j
medium of anything but the wishes of my con- j
stituents. I speak and act for them, and I will I
always do it here and elsewhere. It is for the !
people I represent that I speak and act. And i
though I will overlook the remark of the gen- 1
tleman, I still think it was unkind, and was a !
remark which should not, have been made by a ■
member of his age and experience. i
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman will J
not misunderstand me. 1
Mr. SHARKS. I do not misunderstand the j
gentleman. <
Mr. SCHENCK. I understood the gentle- j
man to represent a sentiment entertained by a
number of persons, and I supposed the gentle- '
man was the medium through which that sen- !
tiinent was expressed. |
Mr. SHANKS. The resolution is the me- !
diura of that sen tiinent, and is clearly expressed, j
Mr. SCHENCK. It was not introduced
without consultation, I suppose.
Mr. SHANKS. 1 consulted with my people,
and I understand the resolution to express their
sentiments.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if the Committee of
Ways and Means have considered this matter
thoroughly, and come to a conclusion as to the
best thing that should be done in regard to it,
why do they throw themselves back upon their
dignity and refuse to net upon the matter again?
I understood the chairman of thecornmitteeto
say that the committee could not,—perhaps he
said they would not—act upon this measure.
Now, I think it is the duty of the committee to
act upon any measure this House may direct,
them to consider. And wheil they will not do
that, then 1 think it will be highly proper that
they should cease to be members of a House
whose orders they will not obey. The country
will hold those men icsponsible who throw
themselves back on their dignity and say, '■ We
will not act, because our judgment in this mat-
ter has not been considered."
Mr. SCHENCK. We do not say that.
Mr. SHANKS. I introduced this resolution
in good faith, and will stand by it. I now yield
the remainder of my time, except five minutes,
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Bctu:r.]
Xhe SPEAKER. There are twenty-two
minutes of the gentleman's half hour remain-
ing. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] will be entitled to the iloor for seven-
teen minutes.
Mr. BUTLER. I am sorry, Mr. Speaker,
that the debate in this case has gone to the
prejudices rather than to the merits of this
question. The question of the votes of gentle-
men, in conjunction with others, if they vote
according to their conscience, I trust will never
be brought up. And that we are to be fright;
ened from our propriety because gentlemen of
the Democratic party see lit to vote with us is
a new party lash which I never understood was
put on beTore.
Mr. Schenck made some remark not audi-
ble to the reporter.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not care to have a run-
ning debate with the gentleman in his seat. As
1 said, this is a new party lash. Now, I find
upon an examination of the record of the last
vote that fifty-three Republicans voted with
me, and fittyeight voted with the gentleman
from Ohio. The gentleman had to aid him a
mutual admiration society of eight members,
forming, with himself, what is commonly called
"the Committee of Ways and Means," each
of whom gets up here and tells us what all the
others have done. According to their account
there never before was so much work, so much
virtue, so much vigilance and devotion to the
public interest, as found in that committee.
Now, I did not intend to say one word on
this subject, because I know that this commit-
tee has, as I have heretofore said, worked well,
and nothing is to be said against them; and I
reckon them among my most valued friends.
When I vote for the postponement of theirtax
bill I am saying simply that what took them
seven months to prepare I do not feel myself
competent to deal with in a week; and who-
ever does has not so high an opinion of the
committee as 1 have.
Now, let us see ; they took seven months to
hear the case. They worked day and night;
they were very vigilant and very diligent; and
alter they have worked upon this bill seven
months, they now propose we shall pass it, in ten
days. Be it so. Suppose we p'iss the bill in
ton days, it will take one week afterward to
engross it. We shall not get this bill through
before the 1st day of July, and then it will take
a week to engross it. it then goes to the Sen-
ate. It will take a week there to get it in print.
Then the Senate committee have a right to con-
sider it as long as our Committee of Ways and
Means; for there are many hundreds of men
who have not got what they wanted before
our Committee of Ways and Means, and
who will want to be heard before the Senate
committee : and they must have a hearing.
The bill will not get out of the Senate com-
mittee for less than six weeks, though they
work day and night, because they cannot do in
six weeks, working day and night, so much as
the Committee of Ways and Means have done
in seven months, working day and night, never
sleeping except so much as was simply neces-
sary for personal health. [Laughter.]
Then, what time have we? That brings us
into the middle of September. Then the Sen-
ate goes to work upon the hill. Having no
previous question, tlie bill, if passed there this
session, cannot get through till some time in
October or November. What advantage, then,
will the country get from this bill this year?
Why not, as 1 proposed to do, postpone this
bill, if ever the question can be reached, till
the first day of next session, letting it remain
in,its present position until that time, and then
pass it through as last as we can.
Now, then, a word as to party, to which the
chairman ol the committee lias alluded. We
are here on the evo of a presidential election.
Nay.wcare in a presidential campaign, or ought
to be. Let me repeat that, because "lwantit,"
as the phrase is, " to go to the country." We
are or ought to be iu a campaign, in order to
save this country under the men who haye fought
for it for the past live years. Yet we are kept
here doing what? Trying to pass a.tax bill
which there is not a man in this House believes
will be passed this session through both
branches. If there is such a one, let him rise
and let me see him, " for him have I offended."
Mr. MULL1NS, (rising.) Let the gentle-
man take a good look at me. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER. I see the gentlemanand
I congratulate the Committee of Ways and
Means that they have one faithful man on
their side. [Laughter.]
Sir, I might adopt a similar style of argu-
ment to that used by the gentleman from Ohio.
Suppose I should say to him, " Why, sir, did
you not vote with a solid Democratic vote this
morning to pay $1,700,000 if not $"2,000,000
out of the Treasury to the clerks here in Willf
ington, male and female, rebel and Union?"
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The gen-
tleman is mistaken there.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot yield to anybody.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The gen-
tleman ought to take back the word " rebel,"
because the resolution expressly provides
against that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [ Mr. Butleb] declines to yield.
Mr. BUTLER. That resolution provides
for twenty per cent, addition to the salaries for
all sorts of clerks. Without any opportunity
for discussion it was passed through here under
the pressure of these galleries filled with
clerks, male and female, watching their wen.
[Laughter.] Under such pressure $2,000,000
of money were voted out of the 'lreasury to
pay clerks, male and female, who are receiv-
ing, on the average, higher salaries than are
earned by the three learned professions m this
C°Mr^VASHB URN, of Indiana. I rise to a
point of order. I want to know what this dia-
