1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1121
struction bill, is now before the Senate, upon
•which the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the case of my
colleague, Mr. Thomas. I have spoken to the
honorable member from. Kentucky, who is
■willing, so far as he is concerned, that the case
should be taken up. I suppose we can dispose
of it in the course of the day.
' Mr. SUMNER. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Kentucky is in the midst of his
Mr. JOHNSON. I said he had consented.
I would not make the motion without his con-
sent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky agrees to the motion, I
understand.
Mr. SUMNER. I had not expected this
motion to be made to-day. I have some papers
at home in the matter and a proposition which
I had intended to submit to the Senate. I am
very sorry to ask for a postponement ; but
knowing that the Senator from Kentucky was
in the midst of an address to the Senate I did
not anticipate that this case would be called up
to-day.
Mr. JOHNSON. I gave notice several days
ago that I should call it up to-day. I supposed
that members of the Senate would have recol-
lected it. If they are not prepared to vote
upon it, or if those who differ in opinion from
me as to the right of Mr. Thomas to his seat
are not now in the possession of their papers,
so far as I am concerned I have no objection
to its going over until the morning, provided
it is understood that the case will be taken up
to-morrow and, if possible, disposed of. I
think it is due to Maryland that the question
should be settled. She has now been without
one of her representatives on this floor for
nearly a year, and the matter itself has been
before the Senate now for about two months,
I think, without a decision. I hope, therefore,
if the case is not taken up now that the Sen-
ate will agree that it shall be taken up to-mor-
row, and, if possible, disposed of to morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor withdraws his motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not yet.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the Senator from
Kentucky does not express a desire to continue
his remarks to-day I hope the motion of the
Senator from Maryland will prevail, that the
case of Mr. Thomas maybe taken up and pro-
gressed with as far as possible, and then that
the Senate maj' proceed to the consideration of
executive business. I will make that motion
as soon as 1 find that the pending question
does not require any further time to-day. _ I
suppose there is no real objection to allowing
the reconstruction debate to go over for some
time.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection, and I
hesitate to intrude my own personal desires in
this matter. I had intended to address the
Senate briefly on the case of Mr. Thomas, but
the papers in the case I carried home and did
not bring with me to-day, as I did not antici-
pate that it would be called up.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me, it is very natural, it seems to me, that be
should not have anticipated that. The Senator
from Maryland was understood, after giving
notice applicable to this day, to say later that
he did not intend to call up the case of his col-
league until the conclusion of the pending
debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Oh, no.
Mr. CONKLING. Then we misunderstood
him.
Mr. JOHNSON. I said that in the begin-
ning.
Mr. CONKLING. I so understood lum,
and I am not the only Senator who had that
understanding.
Mr. JOHNSON. It was my fault. I said
directly the reverse. I said at one time that I
would not ask the Senate to consider it until
the reconstruction debate was closed ; but the
40th Coxa. 2d Sr^s.— No. 71.
other day, when the honorable member from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] proposed to take up a
bill of his in relation to the funding of stocks,
on Thursday, I gave notice that I would call
up this case to-day.
Mr." CONKLING. I inquire of the Senator
whether he did not individually say that he had
changed his mind and should not call it up
until after the reconstruction debate?
Mr. JOHNSON. That was before.
Mr. CONKLING. That was the last an-
nouncement I ever heard on the subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. It only shows that my
friend does not always hear what is said in the
Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. That may possibly be
attributed to the fact' that the distinguished
Senator from Maryland, like some other very
distinguished Senators of this body, has a prac-
tice of communicating in rather a confidential
way with those immediately around him the
ideas which he imparts when he is on his feet.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maryland moves that all prior orders
be postponed for the purpose of taking up the
case of his colleague.
The motion was agreed to.
rights os colored persons in caits.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now ask the
indulgence of the Senator from Maryland to
allow me to call up a simple resolution of
inquiry, offered by me on Monday last, in rela-
tion to an occurrence on the cars between here
and Alexandria.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution:
Remlvnd, That the Committee on the District of
Columbia bo instructed to iiKiuire into the tacts con-
nected with the forcible ejectment from the cars of
the Alexandria, Washington, and Georgetown rail-
road of one of the employes of tlio Senate, on account
of race, on Saturday, the 8th instant, with power to
send for persons and papers; aud that said commit-
tee bo further instructed to inquire what legislation,
if any, is necessary to protect the rights ot passen-
gers on said road.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to read a statement
of the outrage which is referred to in the reso-
lution. I take it from one of the newspapers
of the city, as follows:
"A dastardly outrage was perpetrated in Alexan-
dria on Saturday afternoon which is justly consid-
ered a disgrace to this age of civilization. Mrs. Kate
Brown, an educated, refined, and neatly-dressed col-
ored woman, who is in charge of the ladies' room in
the Senate wing of the,Capitol building, who had
been to Alexandria to visit a sick relative, entered
the 'white'car of the local train to return to this
city, she having a roturn ticket, a,nd haying gone to
Alexandria in the same car. While sitting there she
was accosted by the conductor, who ordered her to
leave the car, and upon refusing to comply with the
unjust request she was roughly seized by the con-
ductor, who, with the assistance of several repre-
sentatives of the 'chivalry' of the South, finally suc-
ceeded in ejecting her. While standing upon the
platform a gentleman employed in a clerical capa-
city at the Capitol chanced to recognize her, and,
upon hearing a statement of the outrage, at once
kindly took her under his protection, obtained a
seat, and accompanied her to the city. Her right
side and arm wore badly bruised by the rough treat-
ment ?he recivcd, and her injuries were more serious
from the fact of her delicate health. She is no w under
medical treatment."
I have seen in the marble room of the Sen-
ate the surgeon who has been in attendance
on this sufl'erer, and he has described to me
her unfortunate condition. He represents the
contusions that she has received as very seri-
ous. Now, I wish to characterize this out-
rage as the newspaper has characterized it, as
dastardly; and the question for the Senate
will be whether sueli an outrage shall be allowed
to pass without some judgment, some way,
indeed, of reaching the offender—and here the
offender is the railroad company—unless the
act of this agent shall be at once disavowed,
Mr. FESSENDEN. And proper reparation
made.
Mr. SUMNER. And, the benator from
Maine says, proper reparation made. It may
be said that she should be turned over to the
courts. The courts are too slow for justice in
such a case. , „
But I desire to go a little further and eatl
attention to another road-~I mean that trom
Washington to Baltimore. I do not know that
any outrage that can be characterized in the
strong language we may employ about this has
occurred on that road : but an employ^ of the
other House has called me from my seat within
a few days to mention that he and his family
have been badly treated on the Baltimore and
Washington train of cars, in defiance of the
principle which underlies our civil rights' bill,
i mention the name of this person—Mr, Down-
ing, who has charge of the restaurant in the
other wing of the Capitol. He and his family
have been maltreated in one of those ears.
Now, I ask, shall that be allowed? I will not
undertake now to say what remedy shall be
applied. I content myself with asking that
the whole subject shall be referred t,o the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, trusting
that that committee will provide a remedy.
Mr. CONNESS. I sympathize with the -
statements made by the honorable Senator in
this connection, and am ready to go as far as
he or any other Senator to put an end to this
system of cowardly treatment that is dealt to
unoffending persons when they are in public
conveyances. But I remind the Senator that
this is not the only class of outrage that de-
serves immediate attention at our hands and
at the hands of the honorable Senator. It is
nearly four weeks since the question was
brought before the Senate of the outrageous
arrest in the territory of Great Britain of citi-
zens of the United States for words spoken
and acts done in the United States. Those
citizens have been incarcerated in dungeons ;
they have been tried and convicted, in many
instances I have no doubt, by juries selected
for their conviction ; they have been sent thence
to the hulks 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I inquire whether the subjects
of the outrages to which he is now alluding are
black or white?
Mr. CONNESS. We are not informed; but.1
will say to the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky that, whether black or white, the outrage
when committed is an outrage against the
American name and nation.
Mr. DAVIS. I am in full sympathy with
the Senator, I assure him, in this case. .
Mr. CONNESS. I am glad to know that
the pride of the chivalric Senator from Ken-
tucky is excited and aroused in behalf of every
man alike, without reference to race or color,
to native birth or naturalization ; and if that
honorable Senator and those with whom he
acts politically would join us upon the general
proposition of freedom and protection to all
discord would cease in this nation to-day.
But, Mr. President, I will not be diverted
from what I intended to say. I am in earnest,
as I have heretofore said, on the subject to
which I refer, as I am on the subject now
before the Senate. The honorable chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations on the
occasion to which I have alluded, when the
matter was discussed here, spoke as an Amer-
ican Senator should speak; but he was re-
minded that the occasion would not justify delay
in the expression and utterance of the opinions
that, under those circumstances, should go out
from the American Senate while the citizens
of this Republic were incarcerated and impris-
oned, deprived of their liberty, outraged for
the expression of opinions and for convictions
i that they cannot put otf. for they are a part or
| their existence—convictions in favor ot human
: liberty. The Senator was reminded that whiie
1 these things were being done it was not well
i to delay in the committee, of which he is t.io
j distinguished chairman^ the proper and nii-
i mediate consideration of the cases.
I Mr. SUMNER. Is the Senator aware of
any delay ?
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator is aware of
one month's delay, in which no word has been
uttered from the American Senate or from its
legitimate mouthpiece, the Committee on For-
eign Relations, upon this question. I know
