SUPPLEMENT TO
but if the testimony discloses such relations
with the President and his appointment under
such circumstances as indicates a purpose on
the part of Cooper to cooperate with the Presi-
dent in this general design, I apprehend it will
throw a great deal of light upon this subject.
And, in the event of the removal of the head
of the Department, (and if this rule is to be
established that might happen any hour, with-
out regard to the opinions of the Senate to the
contrary or to the requirements of the law,)
this Assistant Secretary of the Treasury would
have the control of the whole question. I am
free to say, so far as I am concerned in this
matter, if nothing farther be shown than the
mere inquiry of tlie appointment of Cooper, it
may not throw any light upon the subject; but
I do not so understand the matter. There is
more than that in it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. In order that there
may be a distinct proposition before the Sen-
ate we after to prove that, there being no
vacancy in the office of Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury, the President unlawfully ap-
pointed his friend and theretofore Private Secre-
tary, Edmund Cooper, to that position, as one
of the means by which he intended to defeat
the tenure of civil office act and other laws of
Congress.
Mr. EVARTS. Will you be so good as to
insert the date 111 your offer.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Iwill,sir. [After
a pause.] 1 have inserted a date satisfactory
to myself, and I hope it will be to the counsel
for 1 he President.
Mr. EVARTS. I have no doubt it is cor-
rect.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We offer to prove
that after t he President had determined on the
removal of Mr. Stanton. Secretary of War, in
spite of the action of the Senate, there being
no vacancy in the office of Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury, the President unlawfully ap-
pointed his friend and theretofore Private Sec-
retary, Edmund Cooper, to that position, as
one of the means by which he intended to de-
feat the tenure of civil office act, and other
laws of Congress.
Mr. EVAR I'S. I do not understand that to
be a date. I ask you to be good enough to put
in the 20th of November.
Mr. Manager BU TLER. I want to have it
appear in relation to that.
Mr. EVARTS. Put in what you have also,
if you please.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. If the learned
counsel will allow me, 1 will make my offer as
1 like.
Mr. EVARTS. Undoubtedly. I only asked
you to name the date. You can do as you
please about it.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the proposition.
The Secretary read as follows :
We offor to prove that, alter the Prcsi'dent had
determined on tho removal of Mr. Stanton, Secre-
tary of War, in spito of tho action of the Senate,
thoro being no vacancy in tho office of Assistant Sec-
retary ol tho Treasury, the President unlawfully ap-
pointed his friend and tlieretoforo i'rivato Seciotary,
Edmund Cooper, to that position, as one of tho means
by winch lie intended to defeat the tenure of civil
olfico act and othorlaws of Congress.
Mr. EVARTS. The action of the Senate, I
think, was in December, 1807.
Mr. S 1'ANBEllY. February 13.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. January 13.
Mr. STANBERY. Yes; that is it.
Mr. EVARTS. January 13, 18G&; so that
what you now offer was after that.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Ob, no. The Pres-
ident formed the purpose, as he tells us in the
letter to General Grant and as he tells us in
his answer, on the 12th of August, 1807, when
lie suspended Mr. Stanton, to suspend him
indefinitely; to try to see if the Senate would
not agree to that; if they would not, then to
keep him suspended indefinitely, and remove
him as soon as ever he could get anybody to
aid him. That is our proposition of what the
evidence and the claims of the President show ;
he meant to do that in spite of what happened;
and we say after that intent was formed he
made the appointment of Cooper.
Mr. EVARTS. After the 12th of August,
18G7, then. We want to get at the date; that
is all.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the counsel for
the President desire to be heai-d further?
Mr. EVARTS. No, sir; but we object to
it. It is not within any article of impeach-
ment.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will submit the question to the_ Senate. The
question is, whether the evidence proposed by
the honorable Managers shall be admitted?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
Managers answer a question before the vote
is taken.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question proposed by the Senator
from Ohio.
The Secretary read as follows :
Will the Managers read the particular clauses of
the eighth and eleventh articles to prove which this
testimony is offered?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. As I understand
it, it is to prove the intent alleged in the eighth
article in these words:
" "With intent unlawfully to control the disburse-
ments of the moneys appropriated for tho military
service and tor tho Department of War."
He did a certain actwith that intent. Now,
to prove that intent, we show he did a certain
other act which would enable him to control
the moneys.
Tho CHIEF JUSTICE. The eighth article
seems to say nothing about money.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The eighth article
reads:
"That said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, unmindful of the high duties of his
ofucc, and of his oath ot office, with intent unlawfully
to control tho disbursements of moneys appropri-
ated."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. What act is charged?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The act charged
is, that with that intent, he appointed Thomas.
Now, to prove the intent with which he appointed
Thomas, we prove that he also prepared a man
who, in the office of Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, would answer Thomas's requisitions.
Nov/, as to the other point, I will read, in
answer to the question of the Senator, from
the eleventh article:
" By unlawfully devising and contriving, and at-
tempting to devise and contrive, ineaus by which he
should prevent Edwin M. Stanton irom forthwith
resuming the functions ot the office ot Secretary tor
the Department ot War, notwitnstandmg tho refusal
ot the Senate to concur in the suspension theretotoie
made by said Andrew Johnson ot saiil Edwin M.
Stanton from said ollice of Secretary for the Depart-
ment ol War; and aiso.by turther unlawfully devis-
ing and contriving, and attempting to devise and
contrive, ineaus, then and there, to prevent the exe-
cution ot an act entitled 'An act making appropri-
ations for the support of the Auny lor Lhe fiscal year
ending JuneoO,18(38, and for other purposes, 'ap proved
March 2, and, also, to prevent the execution ot an
act entitled 'An act to provide for the more efficient
government of tho rebel States,' passed March 2,
1867."
He had done what he has been charged to
have done. And now, in that connection, we
claim that this was a part of the machinery to
carry out this thing; because, suppose, looking
forward to have happened exactly what did
happen, to wit, that Mr. Stanton would not
give up the War Department, then the question
was, would Mr. McCulloch answer the requi-
sitions of i'hoinas or of anybody else he should
put iu, if Stanton should hold on ? It is clear
that the President knewliewould not, because,
although he served a notice upon McCulloch
to do it, McCulloch will not to-day, and he has
not been able to get one through Thomas.
Now, then, he gets Thomas in; he must put
in somebody in the Treasury Department who
will obey Thomas. Thereupon he puts Cooper
in ; and with a single stroke of his pen he claims
to have the right to remove McCulloch; and he
also claims, and has put it in his answer, that
McCulloch, as one of his Cabinet, has agreed
to go at a stroke of his pen; so that he has got
the whole Army and Treasury of the United
States within his control. It was with intent
to do that that lie made the appointment of
Cooper; and to show that, it was with that in-
tent, we show, so anxious was he to do it, that
he did not make the appointment lawfully;
that he first made it when the Senate was not
in session, by issuing a full commission ;_ then
he sent it to the Senate, and the Senate rejected
Cooper; but"still, so bent was he on having
Cooper not Private Secretary, but Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury, where he could con-
trol the moneys of the United States, that he
first appointed him ad interim., showing that he
got him under the same designation as Thomas;
and the designation shows something.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Are Senators reader
for the question ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I reqrrest the Managers
to answer a question which I have sent to the
Chair.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question propounded by the Senator
from Maryland.
The Secretary read as follows:
The Managers are requested to say whether they
propose to show that Cooper was appointed by tho
President in November, 1867, as a means to obtain
the unlawful possession of the public money, other
than by the fact of the appointment itself?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We certainly do
—is that an answer?—more than by the ap-
pointment. That we may not be misunder-
stood hereafter, we propose to show that lie
appointed him, and thereupon Mr. Cooper
went into the exercise of the duties of the
oiBce before his appointment could by any
possibility be legal; and that he has been—we
hope and believe we shall show that he has
been—controlling other public moneys since.
The CHIEF J USTICE having put the ques-
tion on the admissibility of the evidence and
declared that the negative appeared to prevail.
Mr. HOWARD and Mr. SUMNER called for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before the vote is
taken, I desire that some testimony shall be
read. I send my request to the Chair.
The Secretary read Mr. Hexdeuson's re-
quest, as follows:
It is requested that the testimony of the witness.
Chandler, in regard to the mode and mn.nnei of
obtaining money on a requisition of the Secretary
of War be read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It can only be
read from the notes of the short-hand re-
porter; but the witness can restate it.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 will inquire if the
witness will be permitted to'restate it?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Certainly.
Mr. HENDERSON. My object is to know
whether money can be obtained upon the re-
quisition of the Assistant Secretary, and not
of the Secretary himself, just to that point.
Mr. EVARTS. Let him answer to that
very point.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Let him answer.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the witness.)
Answer the question proposed by the Senator
from Missouri. Will the Senator state the
question to the witness?
Mr. HENDERSON. I prefer that the Man-
agers should do so.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Will you state now whether the Assistant Sec-
retary can sign warrants?
Mr, CURTIS and Mr. EVARTS. That is
not the question.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. For the payment
of money ?
Mr. CURTIS. The question is. whether
on requisitions of the War Department——
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Whether, upon
the requisition of any Department of the Gov-
ernment, the Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury can sign warrants on the Treasury for the
payment of money?
The Witness. Until the passage of a late
statute, whenever the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was present and acting, money could not
be drawn from the Treasury upon the signa-
ture of the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury.
An act has been passed within a year allowing
the Assistant Secretary to sign covering-in war-
rants and warrants for the payment of money
