3170
THE CONGKESSlOtfAL GLOBE.
June 15,
cussion has to do with the postponement of
the tax bill ?
The SPEAKER. The rules were suspended
-to allow the gentleman from Ohio half an
hour, and then half an hour to other gentle-
men in reply. The Chair thinks the gentle-
man from Massachusetts is hardly transgressing
the limits to be allowed to the debate under
such circumstances.
Mr. BUTLER. It is entirely germane, sir,
when we are called upon to sit here in the
summer weather, to give up all other occupa-
tions, to give up this great presidential cam-
paign, and to give up all the interests of the
country for the purpose of raising money to
pay these clerks who, again I say, are overpaid,
paid more than any of the learned professions '
in any part of the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. How did the gentleman
vote on the twenty per cent, proposition?
Mr. BUTLER. Against it ever.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then we voted together,
and I ask the gentleman to vote with me on
this question.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish all of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means could say as much.
Mr. MULLINS. I can ' say it, although I
am not a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER. The volunteer member of
the Committee of Ways and Means, I believe,
did vote against it.
I say again the argument put forward is that
we must have voted wrongly because Demo-
crats voted with us. I have no doubt the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schejjck] voted
conscientiously; that is his affair ; but the feet
that he voted with the Democrats is quite appa-
rent; and in the coming presidentalcampaign
we will have to shoulder and carry that vo.te
of his. I want, if we are going ihto this cam-
paign, to get through with this session some
time or other in order to have an opportunity
on the "stump" to explain the gentleman's
vote on the twenty per cent, matter.
Now, then, sir, what we on our part desire is
this; we want to take these two subjects of
taxation, whisky and tobacco, out of this bill
now, and pass upon them at once; and we
desire to act on these at once and pass them,
because it will take until September or late in
the fall to pass the bill with them in it. Again,
if we should lose this tax bill forwant of time
to perfect it in both branches, we should lose
the benefit of arranging the whisky and tobacco
taxes which the country demands.
Why, sir, this whisky tax has fallen from
$30,000,000 to $13,000,000, and the difference
between $200,000,000, which ought to be col-
lected, and $13,000,000 which is returned, goes
into the pockets of speculators, "the whisky
ring," which has been too strong for the Gov-
ernment so far, and I will say which I thought,
before the vote this morning, was too strong
for this House. They want the high tax kept
on ; and the effect of keeping this bill before
tlf««ountry and before the House and Senate,
where it cannot be passed and where but one
man has ventured to look us in the face and
tell us he believed it could pass, the effect, I
say, will be to keep the high tax on whisky and
keep alive the " whisky ring."
Let me say to you, gentlemen of the Repub-
lican side of this House, it you allow this Con-
gress to adjourn without taking means to bring
this whisky ring into subjection to the country
you might as well adjourn forever, so far as
you are concerned. That is known to every
man here who has seen the inner workings ot
the "whisky ring."
Now, sir, I have a single further observation
to make, and then I will give the floor back to
my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Sharks ;] and
it "is this: if the gentlemen of the committee,
as they say, cannot draw up and report a bill
embracing the sections concerning the tax on
tobacco and distilled spirits in less than one
week, how can they expect us to discuss and
pass the same whisky and tobacco sections in
their bill in a week in this House? They say
we have just got up to these sections in their
bill, and that we can go forward and pass them
in a week, but that if we do not the commit-
tee cannot even draw up the same sections in
a new bill in less than a week. If the com-
mittee cannot draw up a bill containing these
sections after all their experience, how can
this House be expected to discuss amendments
and get through with them in a week ?
We wish not to be misunderstood or misrep-
resented in our design. We are attempting
here, if we can, to cure two running sores of
corruption, to stop two leaks in the pubiie
Treasury, and to do it at once. The gentleman
from Ohio persists that his bill, as it now is,
furnishes the only remedy. He so insists, i
fear, out of pride of offspring, out of pride in
his work; that there is nothing w good for
this purpose as the bill the committee have
hatched out after seven months' incubation.
Practically, however, it is in effect to say that
the tax on whisky and tobacco shall not be
reduced this session. If his bill be proceeded
with without modification the effect will be
that no bill touching whisky or tobacco can be
passed. We shall thus be holding on to a bill
uselesslyand causelessly, and one which no one
believes can be passed into a law this session.
Are we ready to do that? And when gen-
tlemen taunt me with the responsibility for
opposing this I am quite ready and willing to
take it, and so will every Republican here be.
Sir, we take it because we think this bill is a
useless experiment. We want to do some-
thing practical. Wc on this side of the ques-
tion have no pride of opinion. We have no
love ot'offspring. Wo have no mutual scratch-
my-back-and-1-will-tickle-your-elbow contriv-
ance to maintain, but we stand directly upon
the question of practical legislation, and want
to pass what we can pass. We do not want
to undertake to pass that which we cannot
pass. It is on this proposition that we stand
in our support of this resolution. I yield the
rest of my time to the gentleman who gave me
the floor.
Mr. SHANKS. I yield one minute to the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. PRUYN. I simply wish to call the
attention of the House to the fact that some
weeks ago, before the discussion of this meas-
ure commenced, I requested the chairman.of
the Committee of Ways and Means to intro-
duce a biief bill of the character now contem-
plated, telling him frankly that I had under-
stood from his own side of the House, and from
his own political friends, that they did not
believe this bill eould be gone through with at
this session. We must look at this matter
practically and determine, as the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has said,
whether in our judgment the bill now before
the House, should it pass this body, can be
acted upon by the Senate at this session.
If it cannot pass the Senate it, is wasting our
efforts to go through with it here. Were there
sufficient time for the purpose I should be very
glad to cooperate in any proper effort to im-
prove the internal revenue system, which is
very defective ; but I am satisfied that the most
we can now hope for is to legislate on the
important points mentioned in the resolution.
Mr. SHANKS. 1 yield five minutes to the
gentleman from iowa.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, I am one of the
unfortunate fifty-seven, if so designated, who
voted originally forgoing on with the consider-
ation of this bill; and I feel called upon to avail
myself of the courtesy of the gentleman from
Indiana to give my reasons for it, for I flatter
myself that 1 do not do anything on this floor
or off it without having, as I conceive, a good
reason for it. And here, lest I forget it before
my live minutes expire, allow me to say that
I have no fault to find with the Committee of
Ways and Means. 1 have no antagonism to
them whatever. I think they have labored
industriously, zealously, and honestly for the
perfection of the bill. But 1 think, like all
mortals, they have failed in some instances to
bring it to perfection. There are a great many
particulars in which the bill might have been
improved, as evidence of which I will refer
to the fact that after spending seven months in
bringing forth this bill they come in here with
a quantity of amendments. I will not attempt
to number them—themselves proving conclu-
sively that the bill is far from being perfect.
But i find no fault on that account; 1 only cite
the fact to show that the bill is very imperfect
as it is.
The chairman of the committee stated when
this bill was introduced that we could get
through it in ten days or two weeks. 1 knew
then, as I know now, that he was mistaken.
I have no doubt he thought so, but I was
satisfied, from what little experience I have
had here, that we could not get half through
with it. The fact proves who was right, for
we have been engaged nearly three weeks on
fhe bill and have not got half through it yet.
We are nearly half through the pages, bat
remember we have got to go back and consider
six pages which we found ourselves unable to
act upon with any degree of certainty, and
therefore passed them over.
Mr. Schenck here made a remark inaudible
to the reporter.
Mr. PRICE. Sir, I am not' afraid to go to
the country on my vote.- 1 may be wrong in
the votes I give, but being afraid to go to the
country is not one of my failings ; and it is
not worthwhile to try to scaie me.
Mr. SCIiENCK. i suppose the gentleman
would like to be right as to his facts.
Mr. PRICE. Undoubtedly.
Mr. SCHENCK. The bill was taken up,
and then various other matters interfered with
it, so that instead of being engaged on ii nearly
three weeks it has not had more than five full
days' consideration.
Mr. PRICE. I do not think any of the
gentlemen who voted with the fifty-seven in
this case feel very much seared about this
going to the country, for it was a self-evident
fact to all men inside of this Hall, and outside
of it, too, that we could not get the bill through
at any time during the present session. The
question of whisky and tobacco must be con-
sidered. We must have something in refer-
ence to that matter to go to the country or we
shall go home condemned by every honest
Republican and Democrat between the Atlantic
and the Pacific; and it is for the very reason
that we must have that that we are now in
favor of postponing this bill and advocating
the resolution. Let us take up the matter of
the tax on whisky and tobacco and pass some-
thing upon that, and after that is done, if we
have time, we can take up the balance of the
bill and finish it.
We have no fault to find with the bill, or
with the Committee of Ways and Means, but
it is a question of expediency whether we shall
do something in reference to whisky and to-
bacco, or do nothing at this session. That
is why the men who are advocating this reso-
lution take the ground they do. They may
be mistaken, but they are honest in it, and
their judgment may possibly approach as near
to perfection as that of those by whom they
are opposed. They do not claim to he perfect,
but they say that they have a right to their
opinions on this floor, and they think they have
the good of the country as much at heart as the
Committee of Ways and Means, and no more.
We have no fault to find with the committee,
but it is a matter of policy and prudence whether
we shall take up this matter and act upon it
and give it to the country. And let me remind
the House that we cannot hope to have the bill
passed in less than three months if we go
through with the whole bill, when, if we take
up the whisky and tobacco provisions, we may
have a bill in less than three weeks, or less
than one week, and let it go to the country,
and thus, if possible, defeat these infamous
swindlers of the public known as the whisky
ring of the country. That is why we advocate
the resolution, and for no other reason in the
world. We want to go before the country and
on the record in a proper manner.
The SPEAKER. The time allowed for
