4194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
from California would go upon the principle
adopted by an old justice of the peace in my
county in old times when we had a sort of law
called "chimney-corner law." A man had
given his note for a cow and a calf worth ten
dollars. An action was brought on the note
when it became due, and it was proved that
there were two calves at that time. So the
justice of the peace gave judgment in favor of
the plaintiff for the cow and one calf, and then
gave judgment in favor of the constable for the
other calf, saying he should take that for bis
costs. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, while we have a legal-tender act
on our statute-hook, I am in favor of main-
taining that law. If we desire to legalize gold
contracts, let us repeal our legal tender act.
This section is only an indirect way of repeal-
ing what, if repealed at all, should be repealed
directly. Hence I am opposed to the provision.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to strike out the
word " specifically" in the second line. Now,
Mr. Chairman, I insist, according to the Con-
stitution and laws of this country, when a man
agrees to pay a debt, or any sum of money, he
agrees to pay it in money, and the only money
known to the law of this country, until Con-
gress attempted to make "greenbacks" money,
was the gold and silver coin of the country.
A Member. Why, then, do you insist the
debt of this country shall be paid in "green-
backs?''
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The reason why we in-
sist the debt of this country should be paid in
"greenbacks," is because it was contracted
with the understanding, with the knowledge of
the creditors of the Government, that the
Government had made "greenbacks" a legal
tender for such debts as we propose so to pay.
The debt was contracted ; the bonds issued
to be paid, expressly to be paid, in greenbacks,
and this is specified on the back of the green-
backs themselves. _ I ask the Clerk to read the
condition upon which the "greenbacks" were
issued. I happen yet to have a ten dollar
greenback in my possession, and I ask the
Clerk to read what is upon the back of it.
The Clerk read as follows :
'* This note is a legal tender for all debts, public and
private, except duties on imports and interest on the
public debt, and isreeeivable in payment of all loans
made to the United btates."
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I object to that bill
being returned to the gentleman from Wis-
consin. [Laughter.]
Several Membeus. Let itgo upon the re'eord.
Mr. MULLINS. I make the point of order
that as the bill has been offered it must go
upon the Journal. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDIIIDGE. I hope not, aa it would
then be a constant temptation to these gentle-
men to mutilate the Journal. [Renewed laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MULLINS, Not in the way he has
attempted fo do it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I say to the House, in
the absence of any express provision, a con-
tract to pay money is a contract to pay in gold
and silver coin ; and the reason why our debt is
payable in greenbacks is that it was taken with
  knowledge of the law (which was the con-
tract) upon the statute-book making the de-
scription of notes, from which the Clerk has
read, a legal tender for all debts, public and
private, except as therein stated. It is not only
according to the spirit, but according to the
letter "of the law; and if gentlemen on the
other side^ intend to carry out their Chicago
platform, it will be according to the spirit and
letter of that platform as well as according to
the letter and spirit of the law to pay in green-
backs. I insist, sir, there is no necessity to
pass a law that when I agree to pay money I
must make the agreement specific to pay in gold
and silver coin in order to oblige me to do it.
In the absence of any law or agreement there
is no doubt it is to be paid in gold and silver.
Can there be any doubt that without this law I
an agreement to pay in gold a specified number
of dollars would bealegaland valid agreement? i
Gold coin is certainly either money or merchan-
dise. If coin, as I have contended, then there
can be no question that gold or silver could be
required, whether specified or not. If gold is
only merchandise, then it must, like other
merchandise, be the subject of sale and pur-
chase, and any contract for the sale or pur-
chase must be valid whether we adopt this
section or not. It will be seen, therefore, that
in any view this section is useless.
Mr. AXTELL. 1 will ask the gentleman a
quebtion which is a question. Is a tax a debt ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suppose a tax is a debt
after it has been levied and the party upon
whom it is levied has become liable to pay it.
But wliatdoes the gentleman infer from that?
Mr. AXTELL. We pay our taxes in coin
and insist it is a debt.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why pay in coin when
a "greenback" is made a legal tender? The
Government may, I suppose, take what it
pleases in payment of itself. It may certainly
take its own promise to pay in payment of a
debt due it. But I insist, in the absence of
any contract, I insist the law of this country
is that you are to pay in gold and silver coin.
The gentleman refers, I suppose, to the prac-
tice in his own State.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. IIIGBY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr.
Chairman, it was remarked a few moments
ago that gold had risen two per cent.
A Mkmbek. A half per cent.
Mr. IIIGBY. I think he said two per cent.
I am of the opinion if we continue this debate
it will rise twenty per cent. The disposition in
this House seems to bo to drive gold and silver
coin out of our midst and substitute "green-
backs" in its stead. That seems to be the great
struggle. Instead of allowing the Government
to return to its original and normal condition
of having gold and silver as the basis of cur-
rency the disposition seems to be to bury them
so it will be difficult ever to find them again.
I will say to the House that if this line of
argument is to be pursued here we may give up
all hopes of sustaining the credit and good faith
of this Government before the world. We have
got to go upon a credit system. We are a
debtor as a nation to the amount of over
three thousand million dollars and we have
not $200,000,000 of coin in the Treasury. We
are not gathering over that amount yearly, and
while we are attempting to borrow gold and
silver we propose to pass a law that shall lessen
the rilte of interest and expect bonds to be
taken. God forgive us for our folly if we
expect to accomplish any such purpose as that.
Pass a law to-day that the Secretary of the
Treasury when he has over a certain amount
of gold and silver in the Treasury shall begin
to redeem these Treasury notes—not author-
ize him but direct him to do it—then you will
get back toward specie payment and you will
find the greenbacks rising nearer to par in gold.
That is the course we should pursue. Then
we shall begin to see gold instead of burying
it out of sight. Then we shall begin to estab-
lish the credit of our nation instead of destroy-
ing it, as we are doing by the arguments that
are made here to day.
I hope that this section will be retained.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] tells
us we are going to have two kinds of currency.
Well, in God's name if we cannot have but
one letus have gold. Let that come to the
surface as fast as it can. If two men want to
stipulate that they will receive or pay gold, let
their contract be executed. I apprehend no
danger whatever from that. I think, on the
contrary, it will be a most wholesome provis-
ion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOYDEN. I move to strike out the
words in the third line "according to its
terms" and to insert the words " in gold." I
am in favor of retaining this section authoriz-
ing parties to contract to pay in gold. This
talk about its putting the poor man in the
power of the wealthy man 1 look upon as ail
humbug. Sir, I suppose the opposition to this
section goes upon the ground that we are
more capable of making contracts for men
than they are for themselves. I had supposed
that we had liberty in this country to make
such contracts as we pleased; to pay in gold
and silver, in horses, or anything else. But it
seems that we are here to assume the right to
make contracts for the people of the country
and deny to them the right to make them in
their.'-own way. Sir, let a man make a trade
to pay in gold. It is not any more likely to
prove inimical to the poor man than to the
wealthy man. It is a very absurd and rid*;u-
lous proposition that we should attempt to
forbid a man to make such a trade as he
pleases, and especially that he shall not make
a trade to pay in gold, or if he does he shall
not be permitted to enforce it. I agree with
the gentleman who spoke just now, that every
promise to pay in money properly considered
under our laws is a promise to pay in gold 5
but inasmuch as we have a law authorizing tke
payment in greenbacks there is no difficulty.
One gentleman asks, "What sort of a judg-
ment will you get? You will have the princi-
pal of your debt paid in gold and the interest
paid in currency." Well, pray, what harm
does that do ? It does not injure anybody.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question if he has no objection ?
Mr. BORDEN. None at all.
Mr. LOGAN. Is there any law now against
a man's paying a debt in gold if he desires to
do so ?
Mr. BOYDEN. That is not the point. The
point is, you Jiave a law that says every debt
shall be paid in greenbacks, and when we pass
this bill we repeal it so far as this section goes.
Mr. LOGAN. Does not this law indirectly
repeal that law ?
Mr. BOYDEN. _ As far as a contract is
agreed to be paid in gold it does and is in-
tended to do that. I have nothing more to say,
Mr. ALLISON. I oppose the amendment
for the reason that I am opposed to any indi-
rect way of reaching specie payment, and I am
opposed to the Government enforcing eon-
tracts between individuals that it is not pre-
pared to enforce 011 the part of itself. It is
proposed here to allow parties to make con-
tracts specifically payable in gold, and yet we
require every man who makes a contract with
the Government of the United States to take
a United States note which is lawful money.
We therefore place ourselves in the position
of allowing parties in court to enforce a con-
tract against an individual which cannot be
enforced against the Government.
Now, I am opposed to this indirect method of
reaching specie payment, if the legal tender
provision of our law passed in 1862 is no
longer necessary, let us be manly and repeal that
provision ; but let us not by this indirect legis-
lation give the creditor class an advantage of
the debtor class in this country. If we propose
to do it let it be done in a direct way by re-
pealing the legal-tender clause which makes a
United btates note legal tender in payment of
any debt. It is not a ridiculous proposition to
say that we shall have by means of this third
section, if it is retained in the bill, two classes
of money 111 this country. It will not be long
before we have but one class of money, because,
it this section is retained in the bill, instead of
having egal tender currency as lawful money,
you will find that all exchanges in the city of
New
jour
York
Will be_ conducted in gold, and
m« , Sreerckacks, ' instead of being lawful
money, will be sold and quoted at fifty, sixty, or
seventy cents on the dollar,as the cas/emay be.
1 should be perfectly willing to enforce spe-
cific contracts, to require the courts where a
man paid gold or loaued gold, to enforce the
repayment 111 gold ; but to enable the creditor
class to control the debtor class in this coun-
try by making contracts now payable in law-
ful money specifically payable in gold, in my
judgment, is an indirect way to reach at once
a proposition which the country is not prepared
tor, to wit: the resumption of specie payment,
