1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1123
before the Senate who has not been impressed
with her truly lady-like character, an educated,
intelligent, respectable, and to all appearance
refined woman, not darker in complexion than
some that visit this Capitol from differentparts
of this nation and move in the society of Wash-
ington. She is found upon a railroad car upon
which she had before ridden unquestioned,
when she_ got into it at Washington to go to
Alexandriabut when getting into it at Alex-
andria, outside of the District of Columbia, to
return to_ Washington, she is assailed with the
informationthat "they do not'allow damned
niggers to ride in those cars, anyhow;" and
when she remonstrates and shows that she has
bought the right to come to Washington in that
car, and that she went from Washington to
Alexandria in that car, she is ruthlessly and
brutally seized by a policeman kept there for
the purpose by that company, and when she
resists his attempt to put her out of the car by
force he calls others of like kind to his aid,
and with bruises and distortions of her limbs
and aggravated wrongs she is thrust from the
cars, while other negro women sit there un-
disturbed because, forsooth, they have some
white woman's baby in their arms. In other
words, negroes are to be tolerated in the cars
of that road while they are in a -eervile capa-
city; but the octaroon, between whom and the
white woman by whose side she sits it were
difficult to discover the difference, if she goes
as a free woman, not charged in a servile
capacity for any one, is to be rudely thrust
from the cars while southern blackguards sit
there with impunity! Sir, this is a thing that
the Senate, in my judgment, should take no-
tice of. It is a thing which this nation should
take notice of. It is an outrage upon an Amer-
ican woman, a citizen of the United States,
which we have no right to leave uninvestigated,
though she were much less of a lady in her
nature and bearing than she is.
Mr. SUMNER. Since this discussion began
to-day I have had put in my hands a commu-
nication from Mr: Joseph B. Stewart, the sec-
retary of the Washington, Alexandria, and
Georgetown Railroad Company, in which he
exonerates the government of that company
from any responsibility for this outrage. It
seems that the business of the company is at
this moment in the hands of a receiver, ap-
pointed by a judge iff Alexandria, and the
malign influence of this receiver is supposed to
have prevailed in this recent outrage. I read
a few sentences from this letter:
" The treatment of a colored woman on Saturday
last by persons at present running that road, as re-
ported to me this morning, is an outrage most repug-
nant to the feelings of myself, and, so far as I know,
equally so to my costoekholders in that road, and is
wholly contrary to any orders ever given or sanc-
tioned by us when permitted to direetourown affairs.
But our road is at present being worked under a
sort of usurpation by persons who acquire, not this
right, but this power to do so under certain decisions
and pretended rulings by one Judge Thomas, who
devoted his services to the confederacy while it
lasted, but who now administers his notions of law
in the circuit court of the county of Alexandria,
Virginia, having jurisdiction "over that part of our
road."
The ymter of this further proceeds, as follows:
" For myself and costoekholders in the company
(and I spenk for the whole except twenty-seven
shares held by the usurping parties,) the act, as re-
ported, of a conductor or the employes of the receiver
of the road in abusing or maltreating the colored
woman on Saturday last is wholly repudiated and
denounced, and but for our forced obedience to the
judicial orders above stated we would eject the
scoundrels who committed the act referred to from
our road before the sun goes down. As it is, we can
only suffer the abuse ourselves and pay the damage
when called on."
I read this injustice to the stockholders.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I will inquire of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts whether
it be not the fact that this woman, so far as
regards recourse for the damage done to her
by this act, is utterly remediless except against
the man that this writer chooses to call a rebel
scoundrel?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 will not venture to answer
that question. The Senator will see that it is
a question of law, a question of legal liability,
on both sides of which I think something might
be said. I should be disposed, however, to
hold everybody connected with the road re-
sponsible.
Mr. DRAKE. Then if it be that she has no
reoourse against anybody but this man that this
writer calls a rebel scoundrel, that is the more
reason why the Senate of the United States
should vindicate her cause.
Mr. CONKLING. Why has she no recourse?
What is the doubt about her recourse?
Mr. DRAKE. As to damages.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the doubt
about it?
Mr. DRAKE. This road being in the hands
of a receiver, and the man that has perpetrated
this outrage being the employe of the receiver,
not of the company, the question comes up
whether she can have any recourse for dam-
ages at all except against the receiver, whom
this writer denominates a rebel scoundrel.
That is the more reason why the Senate should
look after her.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to say one word right
in this connection. The Senator from Mis-
souri, I think, misapprehends the communi-
cation read by the Senator from Massachu-
setts. It does not call the receiver a rebel
scoundrel, but the conductor, as I understand
it. I rose to say that the receiver ox this road
is a personal friend of mine, and no rebel
scoundrel. He is a loyal man. He spoke to
me on this subject yesterday, and said that
this outrage occurred over in Virginia, beyond
his jurisdiction, and that he had no control or
power over it whatever; that whoever com-
mitted it was in some way employed, as I
understand, with a connecting road, and not
with this over which he is appointed receiver.
He asks for the investigation.
Mr. DRAKE. I beg to say to the honora-
ble Senator that in using the words that I did
I did not undertake to charge the receiver with
being what this writer speaks of him as being.
He says that this receiver devoted himself to
the confederacy.
Mr. SUMNER. While it lasted.
Mr. DRAKE. While it lasted; and then he
says afterward if he had his way he would put
these scoundrels out.
Several Senators. He alluded to the judge.
Mr. DRAKE. The judge, then, is it; and
the receiver is the appointee of the judge. Very
well. The communication speaks of the men
who have perpetrated the outrage, and this
writer calls them scoundrels. It was according
to his own designation that I undertook to
§peak of them. I know nothing about the
receiver except as it appears from that paper.
Mr. FOWLER. It seems to me that we
might pass this resolution of inquiry very read-
ily. I do not think anybody will be hurt by it.
I do not see any necessity for discussing it at
such length. I am perfectly satisfied that the
Committee on the District of Columbia will do
full justice to the question. I apprehend that
if you pass this resolution and send the subject
to them the result will be much more favora-
ble to justice in the case than if we discuss it
here for a whole day.
Mr. JOHNSON. I agree with the honorable
member from Tennessee that this discussion is
perhaps altogether unnecessary. The commit-
tee will do all that the case requires. Whether
the allegations as made are true or not I do
not know ; I hope it will turn out that they are
not true. If they are true it ought to be in
the power of Congress to have some remedy
provided for this and for all similar cases.
The honorable member from Massachusetts,
however, if I understood him correctly, said
that cases of the same kind, though not per-
haps as hard in degree, have occurred upon
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad. Although
he did not mention the road, I suppose that is
the road to which he refers.
Mr. SUMNER. I did mention it.
Mr. JOHNSON. If any such cases have
happened there they have never rcacked my
ear. I travel upon the road very often, and I
have been the counsel of the company for a
great many years, ever since the road was
organized; and this is the first time that I ever
heard it stated bj' anybody that wrongs of this
description were perpetrated by the officers of
that road. However, if the resolution should
be so altered as to extend the scope of the in-
quiry into the conduct of that road I should
make no objection. I ask now that the case
of my colleague be taken up.
_ Mr. WILSON and others. Let this resolu-
tion be passed.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the vote can be taken
upon it I will not interpose.
. Mr. HARLAN. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the resolution by striking out " Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia'' and in-
serting "Committee on the Judiciary." I
think it is manifest from the discussion thus
far that the resolution ought to go to' that com-
mittee. The road is said to be in the hands of
a court, in the hands of a law officer, perhaps
of the State of Virginia. It is, therefore, I
think, manifest that it is a proper question for
the Committee on the Judiciary to investigate,
and I hope the Senate will consent that that
amendment may be made.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the honorable
Senator from Iowa will not press that amend-
ment. I would not like to say that it is the
fashion of the Senate to make the Committee
on the _ Judiciary a waste-basket into which
everything is swept which is distasteful to any
other committee; but I may say, with great
truth and propriety, that a great many resolu-
tions are referred in some way to the Judiciary
Committee the application of which to that
committee the committee itself is unable to
discover. This morning we had a resolution
in reference to the appointment of a commis-
sion to examine the condition of the harbor of
New York or its bottom, with a view to seeing
whether external lines require to be made,
and after the President had announced, as I
supposed he would, that that belonged appro-
priately to the Committee on Commerce, my
colleague rose in his seat and said that some
other Senator had said that he would like to
have it go to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and that resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. Now, here is a pas-
senger expelled from a car in the District of
Columbia, for which the company is liable, if
it is solvent 
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator will allow me
to suggest that the offense is said to have
occurred in the State of Virginia.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; but that is a
distinction without a difference. It occurred
between here and Alexandria, or in the neigh-
borhood of Alexandria, just here, as Senators
have said by way of figure of speech, under the
eaves of the Capitol; and that is what I say
now for this purpose. _ The railway company
is liable, if it exists in its own right. If it is
an insolvent corporation in the hands of a re-
ceiver a question may arise whether the plain-
tiff would not be beaten on the execution, and
perhaps as to the party against whom the action
should run. The agent of the company who
expelled this woman, although his directors
stood by and instructed him to do it, is liable
penally for an assault. Now, there is no ques-
tion of law about this to be determined. The
question of fact may be important: first,  
whether the corporation is insolvent or not;
and second, whether in truth, by judicial de-
termination, it is in the hands of a trusteeor
receiver. These are questions of fact which
will appear at once, and which will guide_ the
committee in recommending, if any committee
should think it necessary to recommend, what
proceeding by law the aggrieved party should
take; and, by the by, I do not suppose that
that is at all within the purview of the investi-
gation. But in any event, I submit, with great
deference, that the Judiciary Committee have
nothing to do with this subj.ect, and that, bur-
dened as that committee is, first with its own
appropriate duties, and second, encumbered by
a great variety of extraneous subjects, this,
too, ought not to be heaped on it It belongs
somewhere else.
