1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3171
debate has expired, and the question is upon :
ordering the main question to Up now put, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SCOFJELD. i ask unanimous consent
to insert "mineral oils" in the resolution.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. WASliBCJllNE, of Illinois. I hope
that by unanimous consent the call of the yeas
and nays will be dispensed with.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; I want the yeas
and nays on ordering a vote on this question.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 70, nays 63, not voting
47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtcll, Barnes,
Beaman, Beck. Benjamin, Bingham. Blaine, Blair,
Boy or, Buckland. Burr, Butler, Oary.Covode, Dawes,
Delano, Dixon, Dodge. Donnelly, Driggs, Eklridge,
Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Glossbrenner, Golladay,
Grover, llalsey, Harding, Hawkins, Ilolman, Ilotch-
kiss, Ilulburd, Humphrey, Johnson, Julian, Kelsey,
Kitchen, Knott, Kuontz, Laflin, Loughridge, Lynch,
Mallory. Marvin, McCarthy, McOormiek, Mercur,
Moore, Myers,Newcotnb.Nunn, Pike, Plants, Price,
Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Selye, Shanks, Shella-
baiger, Spaidine:, Starkweather, Stewart, Stone,
Taber, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge,
Upson, Van Aernam, Van Trump, Ward, Ehhu B.
Washbtime, William Williams, and Woodward—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M.Ashley, Bailey. Baker, Baldwin,Banks,
Beatty, Benton, Boutwell, Cake, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn. Cook, Cor-
nell, Cullom, Ecklev, Egglesfcon. Ela, Farnsworth,
Garfield, Gravely, Griswold, Iligby, Hooper, Hop-
kins, Chester D. Hubbard, Ingersoli, Jenckes, Judd,
Loan, Logan, Maynard, McClurg, Miller, Morrell,
Mullins, Nibiack, O'Neill, Paine, Peters, Phelps,
Pile, Polsley, Pomeroy, Raum, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scolleld, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor,
Twichell, Robert T. Van Horn. Henry D.Washburn,
Welker, Thomas Williams, and John T. Wilson—63.
NOT VOTING—Meters. Ames, Arnell, Barnurn,
Bromwcll, Brooks, Broomall, Chanler, Finney, Fox,
Gets, Ilaight, Hill, A^ahel W. Ilubbard, Richard D.
Hubbard, Hunter, Jones Ivelley, Kerr, Ketcham,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Marshall. McCullough, Moorhead, Morrissey, Mun-
gen, Nicholson, Orth, Perham, Poland, Robertson,
Ross, Sitgreaves, Smith, Thaddeus Stevens, John
Trimble, Van Auken. Burt Van Horn, V.in Wyck,
C.uhvabider C. Washburn. William B. Washburn,
James F.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windoin,Wood,
and Wood bridge—47.
So the main-question was ordered.
The question was upon the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. Upon that question I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 03,
not voting 52; as follows;
yeas—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Ben man, Beck, Benjamin, Blaine, Blair, Boyer. Buck-
land Burr, Butler, Caiy, D.ivves, Delano, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs Eldridge, Eliot, Femss,
Ferry* Fields, Giobsbrenner, GoHaday, Giover, llal-
sey, Harding. Hawkins, Ilolman, Jlotchkm, Ilul-
burd Humphrey, Johnson, Julian, Kelsey,Kitchen,
Knott, Koontz, Lafhn, Loughridgc, Lynch, Maliory,
Marvin, McCarthy, McCormick, Mcrcur, Moore,
Newcomb, Nunn, Pike. Price, Pruyn. Randall, Rob-
inson. Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Spalding, Stew-
art, Stone, Taber, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Trowbtide^, Upson, Van Aernam, Van Trump, Ward,
Elihu B. Washburne, William Williams, and Wood-
ward—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, .Tames
M. Aslilev, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beatty,
Benton, Boutwell, Cake, Churchill, Reader W.Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Cullom,
Ecklt-y. Eggleston, Ela, Farnsworth, Garfield, Gris-
wold, Higby, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard,
Ingersoli, Jenckes, Judd, Loan, Logan, Maynard,
MeClurg, Miller, Moirell, Mullins, Myers, Nibiack,
O'Neill, Paint, Peters, Phelps. Pile, Plants, Polsley,
Pomeroy. Raum, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Aaron
F. Stevens, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, Twichell, Robert
T! Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, and John T. Wilson—63.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Arnell,
Barnum, Bingham, Bromwell, Brooks., Broomall,
Chanler, Covode,Finney. Fox,Getz.Gravely,Haight,
Hill Asahcl W. Hubbard, Richard D.Hubbard, Hun-
ter lionet. Kelley, Kerr, Ketcham, George V. Law-
rence. William Lawrencc, Lincoln, Marshall, Mc-
Cullough Moorhead, Morrissey, Mungen, Nicholson,
Orth Pei ham, Poland, Robertson, Ross, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Starkweather,Thaddeus Stevens, Joan Trim-
blc. Van Auken. Bart Vail Horn Van Wyck. Cad-
wahider C. Washburn, William B. Vi ashburn, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wmdom, Wood, and
Wnodbridge—57.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted 5 and also
moved that tlie motion to reconsider be laid
011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
great and little osage indians.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representatives :
I transmit herewith a report from the Secretary
of the Interior, made in reply to a resolution adopted
by the House of Representatives on the 13th instant.
The treaty recently concluded with the Great and
Little Osage Indians, to which the accompanying
report refers, was submitted to the Senate prior to
the receipt of the resolution of the House upon the
subject. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., June 15,1868.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move that the
message and accompanying document be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I also move that
the Committee on Indian Affairs have leave to
report upon this subject at any time, not within
the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. Thatwould require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. I want to offer a resolu-
tion, and when the gentleman hears it he will
understand why I object.
The SPEAKER. The President's message
mpon the subject being before the House, any
motion growing out of it is naturally in order.
But if the floor passes away from the gentle-
man from Kansas, [Mr. Clarke,] the next
business in order will be the motion to sus-
pend the rules, submitted by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] on Monday
last.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gouham,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendments of the
House to Senate bill No. 184, granting a pen-
sion to Mrs. Ann Corcoran, and asked a com-
mittee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill; and
announced that Mr. Van Winkle, Mr. Trum-
bull, and Mr. Edmuxus had been appointed
the conferees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An aet (S. No. 448) to refund duties erro-
neously exacted in certain cases ; and
An act (S. No. 4G9) confirming the title to
a tract of land in Burlington, Iowa.
mrs. ann corcoran.
The request of the Senate for a committee
of conference upon the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses upon Senate bill No. 184,
granting a pension to Mrs. Ann Corcoran,
was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to.
The Speaker subsequently appointed Mr.
Van Aernam, Mr. Miller, and Mr. Burr, as
the conferees on the part of the House.
election contest chaves vs. clever.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House additional evidence in
the con tested-election case of Chaves vs. Clever,
New Mexico ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and ordered to be printed.
internal tax bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for consid-
eration at this time :
Resolved, That after the report of a tax bill by the
Committee ot Ways and Means, in pursuance oi ttio
order just passed, no other business shall bo in order
but the consideration of the bill so reported by saiu
committee except reports from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills.
Several Members. That is right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
this will cut out the morning hour entirely. Is
there objeel ion ?
Mr. 1NGBRS0LL. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rules to introduce the resolution.
Mr. ELIOT. I must object to that at this
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, is it not in
order to move to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. It will be if the gentle-
man from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] both
surrender the floor.
great and little osage indians.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my objection
to the motion of the gentleman from Kansas,
[Mr. Clarice.]
The SPEAKER. If there is no further
objection it will be ordered that the Committee
on Indian Affairs have authority to report upon
the question of the treaty with the Osage In-
dians at any time outside of the morning hour.
There was no objection.
river and harbor bill.
The SPEAKER. On last Monday night,
just before the adjournment of the House, the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
moved to suspend the rules for the purpose of
discharging tiie Committee of the Whole from
the further consideration of the river and har-
bor bill, and ordering that the bill be at once
considered in the House. That is now the
pending motion.
Mr. ELIOT. I will modify my motion so
as to assign the bill for consideration on Thurs-
day next after the morning hour.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman to
name either an earlier or a later time.
Mr. ELIOT. If the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] is under the impression that
the Committe of Ways and Means will be pre-
pared to report the tax bill by Thursday, I
have personally no sort <j£ objection to taking
up the river and harbor hill to-morrow, and
disposing of it in season to clear the way for
the tax bill.
Several Members. Take up'your bill to-
morrow.
Mr. BLAINE. Will that cut off the special
order for Wednesday—the bill to protect Ameri-
can commerce?
The SPEAKER. It will not. That bill,
having been made a special order by unani-
mous consent, will have priority over all other
orders.
Mr. BLAINE. Then I do not object.
Mr. DAWES. I do not want to lose my
right to call up the question of privilege, the
bill to admit R. R. Butler to a seat.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
when special orders are being assigned after
the morning hour questions of privilege should
be called up immediately after the reading of
the Journal. If there is no objection itnvill be
ordered that the Committee of the Whole be
discharged from the further consideration of
the river and harbor bill, and that it be con-
sidered in the House as in Committee of the
Whole to-morrow after the morning hour.
There was no objection.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which the order was just made in regard to
the river and harbor bill; and also move that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
internal tax bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I again ask unanimous
consent to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, Tlint after tho report of a tax hill by the
Committee of Ways and Means, in pursuance of the
: order just passed.no other business shall be in order
j but the consideration of the bill'lo reported_ by saiu
i committee except reports from the Committee on
I Enrolled Bills.
Mr. SPALDING. Does that cut off appro-
1 priation bills?
' The SPEAKER. It cuts off all other busi-
ness than the tax bill.
Mr. SPALDING. Then I object.
; Mr. SCHLNCK. I move, then, to suspend
the rules for the purpose of introducing and
adopting the resolution just read.
The motion was agreed to.
So theresolution was introducedand adopted.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
