4196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
render void the express grant of power that
Congress may coin money and fix its value
and the value of all foreign coin.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHBNCK. I rise now to move to
close the debate.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask my colleague to
give me five minutes.
IIr. SCHENCK. I will give the gentleman
five minutes, as this happens to be a provision
iliat lie originally introduced. After he has had
five minutes I then hope it will be agreed, by
unanimous consent, that debate shall be term-
inated.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, it seems
to me that the great consideration which under-
lies this section has not been touched, and I
cannot but feel that the objection raised against
it, that it is a dangerous law in aid of the debtor
as against the creditor is entirely removed by
the amendment proposed by the chairman ol
the Committee of Ways and Means and printed
011 the fifth page. I hope that amendment
will be offered. I will offer it myself by the
permission of my colleague.
Let me suggest to the House some of the
considerations which led me to introduce on
the 10th of February a bill almost identical
with the language of this section. I desired
that some steps should be taken toward the
resumption of specie payment; and as part of
the plan something should be done to keep our
gold at home, and to permit the importation
of foreign gold. Let me call attention to the
following statement of the recent movement
of gold:
Statement of the export of specie from the port of N&w
York since January 1.18GS.
Amount.
January  87,399,825
February  4,208,829
March  3,691,912
April  0,095,179
May  15,938,231
June  13,3K.l,Oot
July (two weeks)  6,321,338
Total  55,378,8(>0
Export for same period 1S67   31,96-1,569
Excess of export this year $24,411,291
The export of gold from the port of New York for
tho fiscal year ending June 30,1868 S7(3,256,591
Same for 1867.  41,366,932
Increase of export for tho year  $34,889,662
Delivery of gold from the State of California for tho
year ending June 30,1868   836,726,370
Ditto for 1867   38,335,562
Decrease for 1808 $1,009,192
The export of gold from the port of New
York the present fiscal year will fully equal
(if it can be had) $100,000,000; or $00,000,000
more than the receipts from the mines.
Now, consider the movement of gold in
Europe:
"At the close of April bullion and specie had
accumulated in the eight leading European national
banks to the vast amount of £89,719,862. Of this
amount the Batik of France alone held £45,613,238,
and theBank of England £20,632,886. A month later
tho stock of bullion and specie held by tho Bank of
I'rance had further increased to £17,910,840."
A London circular, dated .Tune 27, says of
the accumulation of the precious metals in the
banks of France and England :
"The unusual spectacle is presented of the Bank
of France having a larger amount of coin and bul-
lion in its possession than the notes in circulation.
Not only are these sums enormously greater than
anything the Bank of England has to show, but they
are remarkable as having been reached without any
of those restrictions and limitations which are im-
posed by the English system. The Bank at England
is also nearing an equality in the amount of bullion
■with the notes in circulation. The latter amount to
£23,687,000, and the former (inclusive of the coin in
tho banking department) to £22,962,000. In the two
great banking establishments a sum of £71,000,000 in
gold and failv er coin and bars i- now stored, a collec-
tion of the precious metals such as have never hith-
erto been deemed possible. What tho result may be
upon monetary and commercial affairs it would be
difficult to forecast. As such an equality of the
metallic basis with its representative notes in circu-
lation is not at all necessary for perfect security, the
natural result, would be a gradual expansion ol the
cunoncy in both countries, and thns_ a powerful
stimulus would be given to speculative activity.
This presupposes, however, a condition of confidence
in the public mind which, neither politically nor
commercially, is yet visible. It must come, how-
ever, with a good harvest and tho disappearance ot
war rumors."
In the Bank of France there is an amount
of gold far in excess of the circulation of that
country, and the rate of interest is two and a
half per cent, at the bank, and from one and
a half to one and three quarters on the street.
In eight kingdoms of Europe to day there are
$485,000,000 of idle gold waiting to be in-
vested, if we will only make it lawful for it
to be invested here without being tossed into
the uncertain chances which are inseparable
from our greenback currency. Every time
we pay out fifty or one hundred million dol-
lars of gold interest it immediately goes across
the sea. A hundred thousand of our business
men would immediately begin to transact then-
business on a gold basis if they were permit-
ted to do so by the law, and by the amendment
proposed by my colleague as a proviso to this
section, 1 do not see how there could be op-
pression. Gentlemen speak as though it had
never before been heard that a party should
reckon interest beforehand in giving a note,
and thus evade the usury laws. Gentlemen
talk as if this was the first time there could be
frauds committed and wrongs done to people
who are debtors. This bill is not an instru-
ment of oppression ; but will lead us toward
tlie firm ground of fixed values. I hope that
the strange fear of gold which seems to have
taken possession of many gentlemen here will
not prevent the adoption of this section.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that the debate be
considered as closed on the pending amend-
ments to the section and on striking out the
section.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate was ordered to
be closed in five minutes; there are two min-
utes remaining.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not desire to occupy
them.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Hubbard, of West Virginia; and it was
disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Cavanaugii, to insert the words " or in
gold dust according to its value."
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend the
amendment by adding "and brick dust."
[Laughter.]
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Perhaps the gentle-
man had better go out there and dig.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Cavasaugh was then
disagreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend by
striking out the proviso now in the section, as
follows:
Provided, That thissection shall not apply to eon-
tracts for the borrowing offfiurrency or tho removal
or extension of an indebtedness under a contract
already entered into, unless such contract originally
required payment in coin.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following :
Provided, however. That tho consideration for any
such contract made payable in coin shall be matter
arising alter tho passage of this act, and no part
of such consideration shall, in any ease, bo founded
directly or indirectly on any previous indebtedness
not payablo in coin existing prior to, or at the date
of, the passage of this act. And any evasion of, or
attempt to evade this provision shall work a for-
feiture of every such contract made under the
authority ot this section; but this shall not contra-
vene any statute of any State or Territory relating
to usury.
The question being put, there were—ayes
CI, noes 48; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Garfield
and Bingham were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 53, noes 52.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on striking out the
section as amended.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend the sec-
tion by inserting in the line after the word
•'contract" the words "in writing;'' so that
it will read "any contract in writing hereafter
made," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to add the fol-
lowing proviso to the section :
And provided further that this section is enacted
ofr the spccial benefit of the gold operators of all
street#
Mr. PIKE. There ought to be another pro-
viso "that this section is in anticipation of a
decision of the Supreme Court next winter
declaring the legal-tender act void." I would
like to prepare for it in advance.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The amendment of Mr. Ingeksoll was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment
of the committee to strike out the section, it
was agreed to — ayes eighty-one: noes not
counted.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Pome-
rot reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, pursuant to the or-
der of the House, had had under consideration
the Union generally, .and particularly the spe-
cial order, being Senatebili No. 207, for fund-
ing the national debt, and for the conversion
of the notes of the United States, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
message from tiie senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gokham, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had agreed to the committee of
conference asked for on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
1070) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending 80th
June, 1869, and had appointed Mr. Hender-
son, Mr. Howe, and Mr. Morrill of Maine,
managers of said conference on its part.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCHENCK,
fatten o'clock and thirty minutes p. in.,) the
House adjourned.
petition.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
By Mr. STOKES : The petition of John
E. Pyatt, J. C. Mason, W. N. Ault, and J. S.
Abernethy, of Rhea county, Tennessee, to be
relieved of political disabilities.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 18, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. IT. Giiay, D. D.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of New York, composing the United
States Indian commission, a voluntary associa-
tion recently formed, praying the adoption of
measures for the better treatment of the Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
.New York, praying an appropriation for the
removal ot rocks and other obstructions which
impede the navigation of the East riviir entrance
to New York harbor at Hell Gate, and for the
removal of the rocks known as "Battery.''
'Diamond," and "Coenties'' reefs; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of offi-
cers of the United States Army, praying an
increase of compensation ; which was referred
