90
SUPPLEMENT TO
The Witness. I mean to say thatl have the
original press copy.
[Producing a bound letter-book, the pages
of which wece press copies of dispatches. ]
Question. Have you that original press copy ?
Answer. I have it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Read from it,
please ?
Mr. STANBERY. Oh, no.
Mr. EVARTS. Let us see what it is.
[The book was handed to the counsel for the
respondent.]
Mr. STANBERY. I wish to ask a prelimi-
nary question. [To the witness.] Did you
make this press copy yourself?
Answer. The press copy is made by the
clerk. The telegram is written by one of the
operators.
Mr. EVARTS. By you?
The Witness. Not by me personally.
Mr. CURTIS. We object.
Mr. EVARTS. This book does not prove
itself.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not under-
stand the objection, if there is any.
Mr. EVARTS. We do not understand that
a telegraph company's books prove themselves
like a record. You bring no living witness that
verifies anything here.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I will pass from
this for a moment. [To the witness.] Do you
remember, as an act of memory, whether such
a telegram as that passed through the office?
Answer. I do not remember this dispatch
having passed through the office; I cannot take
my oath that I remember the particular dis-
patch.
Question. Will you state whether you have
an original dispatch of the same date signed
"Andrew Johnson?"
Answer. I have.
Question. Produce it?
Answer. I have a book in which the dispatch
is filed.
[Producing a bound letter-book on the pages
of which were pasted dispatches.]
Question. Are you so familiar with the sig-
nature of Andrew_ Johnson as to know whether
that is his name signed to it?
Answer. I believe that to be his signature ;
I am very familiar with it.
Question. Have you any doubt in your own
mind as to that?
Answer. None whatever.
Question. Is this book which I hold in my
hand and you have just produced, the record
book of the United States military telegraph,
of the executive office wherein original dis-
patches are put on record ?
_ Answer. It is the book in which the original
dispatches were filed.
Question. Do you know whether this dis-
patch passed through the oflice to Lewis E.
Parsons ?
Answer. I do know from the marks it con-
tains.
Mr. CURTIS. That is an inference.
The Witness. I can answer that. I saw
the dispatch in the oflice.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. And it bears the marks of having
been sent?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Mr. STANBERY. Now, let us see the <iis-
patch. [The book was handed to the counsel for
the respondent and examined by them.] This
is very good reading ; but will you tell us what
is the object of this testimony? We like the
document; but what is the object of it here ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Do you object to
this document whatever the object is?
Mr. STANBERY. We object until we know
the purpose.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The question that
1 put now is simply whether you object to the
vehicle of proof?
Mr. EVARTS. No.
Mr.^ Manager BUTLER. If it is proper to
read it at all the question is whether it is
proved.
Mr. EVARTS. It proceeded from the Pres-
ident, and therefore it is proved.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the date?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. January 17,1867;
the same date with Parsops' dispatch.
Mr. STANBERY. Now, the object?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Not yet, sir.
[To the witness.] On the same day that this
is dated do you find in the records of the
Department a press copy of a dispatch from
Lewis E. Parsons to which this is in answer?
Answer. I find in the press copy book a copy
of a dispatch which that was in answer to.
Mr. EVARTS. How does that appear?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. It appears be-
cause the witness has sworn to it.
Mr. EVARTS. If it is an answer, it speaks
for itself.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Again I must re-
ply, if the question is put to me how it appears,
he has sworn that it is an answer. [To the
witness. ] Now, what was this telegraph office ?
The heading of the dispatch is " United States
Military Telegraph." Was this telegraph un-
der the control of the War Department?
Answer. At that time it was not under the
control of the War Department.
Question. Where were the books kept?
The Witness. Do I understand you to mean
the lines?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not mean the
lines. I mean the office.
Answer. It was.
Question. Was it in the War Department
building?
Ansntr. It was.
Question. And were the officers employes of
the War Department ?
Answer. They were.
Question. Were the records of its doings
at that ollice kept in the War Department?
Answer. They were.
Question. And arc these books and these
papers produced from the War Department?
Answer. No, sir; they are not. _
Question. Where do they come from now?
Answer. They come from the War Depart-
ment through the telegraph office; it has the
original dispatches of the War Department.
QuestionThey came to the telegraph office
from the War Department?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. They came originally as records
from the War Department?
Answer. From the War Department to the
telegraph office, and I bring them here.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I submit now to
the Senate that I propose to use in evidence,
if it is otherwise competent, the dispatch of
Lewis E. Parsons to which Andrew Johnson
made reply., Having proved what I have
proved, is there any objection, I mean now as
to the vehicle of evidence simply, not as to the
competency of the contents?
Mr. EVARTS. On that point in this pres-
ent case, although we regard the proof of Mr.
Parsons' dispatch as incompetent and insuffi-
cient, we shall waive any objection of that
kind, and the question may now stand upon the
competency of the proof.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. On the question
of relevancy, I suppose ?
Mr. EVARTS. Yes, and competency; its
admissibility in any way.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Admissibility of
the proof of the contents?
Mr. EVARTS. Yes. We have had no
notice to produce the original, but we care
nothing about that.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. To that I answer
we have the original here.
Mr. EVARTS. No; but the original of Mr.
Parsons' dispatch delivered to the President.
Afto have had no notice to produce that; we
know nothing about it; but we waive that.
Now, we inquire in what view and under what
article these dispatches dated prior to the civil
tenure act are introduced?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. In order that the
Senate acting both as court and jury may un-
derstand whether these papers are admissible
in evidence, it becomes necessary, with the
leave of the president and the Senate, to read
them de bene, in order that we may show how
they become competent.
Mr. CURTIS. We do not object to your
reading them de bene esse.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The dispatch of
Mr. Parsons is:
' Montgomery, Alabama,
January 17, 18G7.
Legislature in session. Efforts making to reconsider
vote on constitutional amendment. Report from
Washington says it is probable an enabling act will
pass. We do not know what to believe. ilmdnoth-
ing here. LEWIS E. PARS0N8,
Exchange Hotel.
His Excellency Andrew Johnson, Pretident.
The response is:
United States Military Telegraph,
Executive Office, Washington, D. 0.,
January 17, 1867.
Whatpossiblo good can be obtained by reconsider-
ing the constitutional amendment? I know of none
in the present posture of affairs; and I do not believe
the people of the Whole country will sustain any set
of individuals in attempts to change tho whole char-
acter of our Government by enabling acts or other-
wise. I believe, on the contrary, that they will
eventually uphold ;t!I who luive patriotism and cour-
age to stand by the Constitution and who place their
confidence in the people. There should be no falter-
ing on, the part of those who are honest in their
determination to sustain the several coordinate de-
partments ot the Governmentin accordance with its
original design. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Hon. Lewis E. Parsons, Montgomery, Alabama.
I have no further call, after having read these
dispatches, so that they may be seen of the
Senate, to argue the question whether this is
competent evidence upon articles charging
Andrew Johnson with attempting to overthrow
the acts of Congress, to oppose their validity,
and to bring its legislation into contempt. It
is either under the tenth or the eleventh article
quite competent.
Mr. EVARTS. The tenth is confined to the
President's speeches. It alludes to nothing
else.
Mr. CURTIS. Speeches, not telegrams.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. lam reminded by
the learned counsel that that article refers to
speeches and not telegrams. [ know it; but
with what intent were those speeches made?
For what purpose were they made? They
were m,ade for the purpose of arraying the
country against the Congress of the United
States and its lawful acts, and to bring it into
ridicule and contempt. Now, I am upon the
point where the attempt is made to array the
people against the lawful acts of Congress and to
" destroy the regard and respect of all the good
people of the United States for the Congress
and legislative power thereof," and '■ to ex-
cite the odium and resentment of all the good
people of the United States against Congress
and the laws by it duly and constitutionally
enacted."
We must go back a moment, if the Senate
please, and I shall take but a moment, because
I think this is too clear for argument. The
President had gone forward in August and
September, 1866, declaring everywhere that
Congress had no power to do what it was pro-
posing to do. Congress had proposed the
constitutional amendment to the people of the
States, and for the purpose of preventing that
constitutional amendment from being accepted,
eveiy possible contumely was thrown upon
Congress and every possible step taken to pre-
vent its acceptance, and this is one of the steps.
I will not argue further under that proposi-
tion. Then the eleventh article charges that,
" intending to deny the power of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress to propose amendments to the
Constitution of the United States," he did
declare so and , so. We find with that intent
that when Congress had passed an act fur the
pacification of the southern States and for the
settlement of the difficulty, in the shape of a
proposed amendment to the Constitution, and
when that was being considered by the south-
ern States, the President of the United States,
from his high position, was absolutely tele-
graphing to the Legislature, in answer to a
qu-stion of those States when they were ask-
ing for advice, urging them not to accept the
