1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12/
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not quite able to
agree with the Senator from New York. If
the Senate has anything to do with this subject
it must be upon one of two grounds—first, to
inquire whether an employe of the Senate is
under the protection of the Senate, and if $ny
employ6 happens to "have any wrong done him
away from the Senate it is the business of-the
Senate to vindicate the party; or, in the second
place, whether the laws of the country require
amendment to provide a remedy for such a
case. If either of these be the purpose of the
resolution and the inquiry it ought to go to
the Judiciary Committee.
If the purpose bo further, as suggested by
the Senator from New York, to inquire who
should be the parties defendant in a lawsuit
that is to grow out of this transaction, of course
the Judiciary Committee ought to inquire into
that, if indeed it be the business of the Senate
of the United States, seeing that some wrong
has been done, as reported in the newspapers,
to some person in the Distriet of Columbia,
to investigate whether there is a cause of
action, and then in what form of action it shall
be brought, whether it is in contract or dam-
ages ; and in the second place,, who is the
proper person- 
Mr. CONKLING. Did the Senator under-
stand me to suggest that this was the object of
this resolution?
Mr.,HENDRICKS. I will answer that in
a minute". I will first finish my sentence. 1
say, if wo are to inquire who is the proper
party defendant, an inquiry of that sort ought
to be made by the committee of which the dis-
tinguished Senator from New York is a mem-
ber. I know that he would give very valuable
advice upon that particular question.
I am not exactly able to see, however, that
it is the business of the United States Senate
to advise people how to biing. their suits in
court, and who shall be made the defendants.
This is a nice question ; it is a close question,
perhaps, whether the company itself be respon-
sible, after the management of its affairs has
been taken out of its own hands by a court,
whether the court should be sued, whether
the receiver should be sued, or whether the
original company should be sued. My notion
of the law has been that in a case like that
the remedy is by an.application to the court, that
appointed the receiver, and let the court con-
trol some of the funds in the hands of the
receiver to make reparation. That, however,
would be my opinion in my law office at home;
but I donot understand that itis my business as
a member of the Judiciary Committee or any
other committee of this body to inquire what
sort of an action shall be brought and against
what parties, in case somebody has been ille-
gally ejected from a car. Has it come to that,
that that is the business of the Senate? Has
it come to that, that it is the business of the
Judiciary Committee to advise people what
sort of lawsuits to bring for supposed wrongs
in an adjoining State ?
I am not sure but that the remark of the Sen-
ator from New York was quite right. When he
was advised that this case did not occur in the
District of Columbia, but that it occurred in
the State of Virginia—that suggestion I believe
swas made by the Senator from Iowa—the Sen-
ator from New York said that that was a dis-
tinction without a difference. Of course it is,
as we are now going on. This District of Co-
lumbia, that originally was the subject of exclu-
sive jurisdiction on the part of Congress, has,
by the course of recent legislation, been ex-
tended, until now the distinction is without a
difference between the District and a State,
practically. The Senator inadvertently stated
what is the sentiment of the legislation of Con-
gress at this time.
But, Mr. President, T think that a reference
to the legal questions is a disturbance of the
legitimate debate of this case. Clearly this is
sensation, quite interesting, very interesting,
but entirely sensation. Nobody supposes that
the purpose of this resolution is to control
legislation; fort.heSenatorfrom Massachusetts,
who introduces it, says that a case of this kind
is already provided for by the civil rights bill.
He claims that that law, already enacted by Con-
gress, meets such a case. Then wearenotcalled
upon to legislate on the subject; and as I can
see there is no question except the simple one
whether an employe of the Senate must be pro-
tected by the Senate. That I will not discuss.
If Senators can make sensation out of this, ■
very well. I have heard of hard cases; but I
never supposed itwas the business of the Con-
gress of the United States to assume judicial
powers and investigate facts. What is the use
of an investigation ? The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts and the Senator from Missouri have
assumed a certain state of facts. The party
that has been abused very much this morning
has not been heard. What are the facts can
be ascertained in the courts. The remedy is
ample, if there be anybody that may be sued,
but it may bo so complicated that you can find
no defendant for the law-suit. If this resolu-
tion shall be referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee what little assistance I can give to the
Senator from New York in finding out who
ought to be the defendant I will contribute';
but it would seem to me better, perhaps, that
a lawyer should be employed to decide upon
that and to bring the suit.
I saw in the paper—I think it was in the same
paper that the Senator from Massachusetts
read from—that steps had been taken to secure
the full prosecution of the case in the courts.
If this course is to be pursued some competent
lawyer will be employed, and I suppose he will
inform hims'elf of the facts whether there be a
case against anybody, and if so, against what
party. Let the suit progress, and if the laws
do not protect against cases of this sort we
must amend them, I suppose. We have gone
a good piece; perhaps we must go further;
and if we are to make inquiry into that, the
Judiciary Committee is the proper committee
to make it. Whether the legislation extends
over a case like this let that committee exam-
ine. So in no view of the case can I quite
agree with the Senator from New York, for
whose opinions I have the greatest respect;
and I think that this resolution ought to go to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I do not quite
agree with my colleague in his statement of the
question. It is not a question whether the
Senate is to protect its employfis in their per-
sonal rights as they travel about the country.
Here is an outrage that has been committed, a
palpable one, an outrage growing out of the
prejudice against color ; that prejudice which
now constitutes the staple of politics with one
party ; that prejudice which is now oppressing
five million people in this country and seek-
ing to deprive them of all civil as well as polit-
ical rights. This case is not simply sensational
in its character. A respectable colored woman,
it is said, has been ejected from the cars for
no other offense than on account of her color,
and the Senator from Massachusetts proposes
by this resolution, as I understand, to inquire
whether there is any adequate civil remedy for
this outrage. It is as proper a subject for in-
quiry as any other that could come before the
Senate.
Sir, the outrage in this case is not an isolated
one. I am informed and believe that they are
occurring almost every day, and perhaps fre-
quently every day on southern railroads, and
perhaps sometimes on northern ones. If there
is an adequate remedy within the reach of the
persons who are thus outraged they ought to
know it. If there is not, one ought to be pro-
vided.
Sir, when it is said that this is sensational,
what is meant by it? I suppose it is because
a negro is involved in it. But, sir, whenever
there is an offense committed against a negro
because of his race we may always be sure that
the offender will find an advocate in the Dem-
ocratic party, some one to come forward in his
defense, either to palliate or to justify the out-
rage.
Now, sir, let thisinquiry be made. It is not
that employes of the Senate shall have special
privileges; but, as here is a prominent and a
palpable case, let the inquiry be made whether
there is a remedy for anybody who may be
treated in that way.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, who sits nearest
me, [Mr. Hendricks,] in order to hang a
speech upon it, takes the liberty of imputing to
me what I did not say. Now_, sir, free as he is
alwaysfrom sensational practices here, exempt
as he is from the frailties and foibles to which
the rest of us are addicted, I am glad always to
have him relieve himself of anything which
weighs upon his mind; but X do not care to
have him put into my mouth what I have not
said in order that he may make the more apt
and forcible what he sees fit to say. I did not
suggest that it was the purpose of this resolu-
tion or the business of any committee under it
to hunt up a defendant and see who would be
the appropriate defendant to be prosecuted by
the party aggrieved. On the contrary, I ex-
pressly said that I thought no such thing would
properly be within the province of the commit-
tee, and thereupon the Senator rises, and, in
very polite and courteous terms, to be sure,
delivers to me a sort of instructive dissertation
to show the Mlacy of supposing thata commit-
tee of this body is so far to demean itself as to
look up a defendantfor this aggrieved woman.
Very well, sir; whether I agree with him or
not, it is enough to say now that I did not sup-
pose that to be the purpose of the resolution;
and I said expressly that I did not so suppose.
One other point, sir. The Senator says that
my remark, that whether in the Distriet or out
of the District is a distinction without a differ-
ence, is all in the line of the legislation and the
habits of the majority of this body. I would
like, in response to that, to inquire of the Sen-
ator whether he thinks—the investigation being
upon the point of an injury inflicted upon one
of the employes of the Senate—it matters at all
if that injury has been inflicted four miles or
six miles or twelve miles from this Capitol;
and if he does not suppose there is any such
difference as that, (as 1 certainly would not do
him the injustice to doubt,) I do not know why
it is that he seeks to turn a practical and obviou3
remark into an accusation against Anybody,
that we are obliterating State lines and treat-
ing States as if they were Districts, or any thing
of that sort. >
Now, sir, the whole of this subject, I take it,
without sensation and without amplification,
is that an allegation comes here that an em-
ploye of the Senate has been greatly outraged
and her rights trampled upon, in violation not
only of decency, but of law. The Senator who
introduced this resolution proposed very prop-
erly an inquiry, not for the private benefit of
this particular individual, but in the assertion
of the rights and prerogatives of the Senate
and the maintenance of public decorum : and
the question at this moment is whether that is
a matter of law to be investigated by the legal
organ of this body or whether it is a matter
pertaining to the general police and adminis-
tration of the District of Columbia and i;s sur-
roundings. My suggestion was simply that
there was nothing for the Judiciary Committee
to do. I agree with the Senator that there is
no defendant to be looked up here and no
advice to be given s-uch as counsel would be
employed to give; but the purpose is simplv
to ascertain whether, in violation of the rights
and privileges of the Senate, as well as of this
particular individual, an outrage, a*- it has been
very properly denominated, has been perpe-
trated.^ I think that appropriately goes to tl. >
Committee on ihe District of Columbia. ,.n*l [
should think, without much difficulty, we mi _;'ii
arrive at that conclusion,
Mr. CAMERON. I shall vote for this r =
olution, and I care very little what coinmittw
| lingoes to, though perhaps the Judiciary Ouni
| mitteo would be the best one to make the
! inquiry, for thd reason that I do not see how
j we can reach these railroad companies e.x-
i cept through their charters, arid that perbaps
