1868.
THE
GRESS10NAL GLOBE.
3173
_ Mr. BOYER. 1 do think twenty minutes'
time is entirely inadequate for the discussion
of such a measure as this.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is too late now to
reconsider that matter.
Mr. BOYER. I make an appeal to the gen-
tleman and to the House to allow longer time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I should have finished by
this time, if the gentleman had not interrupted
me, and given way to him.
At present the law does not provide anyway
for trying cases of contested elections. The
Senate has passed and sent to us a bill which
supplies that omission. So far as the mayor
of this city is concerned, I believe that what-
ever dispute' may have occurred in relation to
his being inducted into office all are agreed
that he at least was elected by a small majority.
So far as the members of the two boards con-
stituting the council of the city (its legislative
department) are concerned, there is a dispute
in at least one of the wards, and there are two
sets of claimants. In consequenceofthis there
has been an organization or attempt at organ-
ization by both, and each has recognized a dif-
ferent mayor, one the mayor-elect and the-
otlier an ad interim, whom they have created
for the occasion. This condition of things,
although people at a distance may regard it as
rather a " tempest in a tea-pot," considering the
excitement that it has occasioned here in this
city, is yet very serious, and I am assured by
more than one gentleman who from his posi-
tion ought to know and understand the subject
well, that if Congress stands by and permits
this anomalous condition of things to continue
it will result probably in violence before the
end of the week, such being the threats made
and such the temper that is being excited.
Now, i regard it as a thing not for a moment
to be consented to that we, acting as the Legis-
lature of this District and city, should sit here
and permit such a condition of things to con-
tinue when we can apply a remedy. I have
been anxious, therefore, that the bill from the
Senate which remits this subject to the supreme
court of the District should not only become a
law, but that by our concurrence in it, with or
without amendment, as the case may be, it
should become a law so soon as to prevent this
condition of things from ripening into further
or greater troubles. _ ■
Without going into the details of this bill,
these are the reasons why I will support it,
being satisfied with its provisions in the main.
Now, so far as I am concerned, I am will-
ing to give any portion of the tune I control to
gentlemen on the other side, so that they can
give their reasons for not supporting the bill.
Mr. ELDIllDGE. I think it proper that
the debate on the other side should be con-
cluded before we take our twenty minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well. I have stated
the reasons which are sufficient to control my
vote for this bill. I will now yield the floor to
any gentleman who may get it. I do not sup- j
pose that we are compelled to occupy the en- j
tire twenty minutes allowed for this side. j
No one arising to speak in favor of the bill, j
The SPEAKER said : The debate in favor \
of the passage of the bill is now closed. I
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say here that
the object of this bill is to accomplish a politi- !
cal result which I deem unworthy of any politi- I
cal party, certainly of the now dominant party,
in a country like ours.
Some time ago a bill was passed through
this House in reference to the charter of the
city of Washington. The dominant party, then
supposing that they were in danger.of losing
the mayoralty of this city, changed the old
mode of appointing and electing every officer
in this city, took that power away from the
niavor find gave it to the joint convention of
council and aldermen. The election came on.
Admitting the statement of the gentleman irom
Ohio [Mr. Schexck] to be correct, their can-
didate for mayor was unexpectedly elected,
while, also unexpectedly to them, the two
brauches of the common council were earned
by the white people of the district, who were
aided by the soldier, against the black people
of the District. It now becomes necessary to
traverse the whole mode of electing and ap-
pointing officers, which results from the bill
lately passed, aud to change it so that by this
procedure the control of the two branches of
the common council shall bo handed over to
the blaelc people of this District.
This bill is a proposition to do nothing more
or loss than to throw out three white candidates
for the council in one ward and put in their
places three white representatives of the negroes
in that ward. That is the sole issue. 1 say
again, that I have never known any party, in
any part of the country, who stooped so low to
do that which was wrong, to profit by it; and
1 do not believe they will profit by it in this
case. I believe as they were defeated and over-
thrown under the charter which they thought it
necessary to pass, in order to put down the
white people of this District, so will they fail
again.
In the particular ward to which I have
referred they have undertaken to deprive the
soldiers of the right to vote, to which they
were entitled quite as much as were the negroes
who were brought in and made voters iu this
District after a residence of fifteen days. .
However, no effort of mine can stop the
action'now proposed. My province is only to
expose the proposition and the purpose of it.
I am surprised that gentlemen on the other
side shouid undertake to act iu this way. They
arc undertaking to give the black people of
this District the control over the white people
of the District. That is really the issue involved
in the passage of this bill.
For one, 1 shall content myself with casting
my vote against this measure in every shape
aud form. I now yield to my colleague, [Mr.
Boyer.]
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Speaker, we seem to
have arrived at that stage of the legislation of
Congress when it is in vain to appeal to any
principle of justice or fairness, or to advocate
any cause because it is founded upon existing
law, unless at the same time it can be demon-
strated that it is for the interest of the party
in power, and will servo to perpetuate its
rule. It is the same whether the proposition
be the reconstruction of a State, or the elec-
tion of mayor and councilinen of a city.
I have not time to discuss the questions
involved in this measure. I have not time to
read the law as it stands upon the statute-
book, a law which was framed by this Con-
gress for its own purpose, and intended to
regulate the municipal elections of the city of
Washington, and which, because it does not
now operate as it was supposed it would, so as
to continue the power of the Republican party
! in this city, it is proposed to change, after the
| election which it is to affect has actually taken
i place, and to direct that certificates of election
j shall be given to those who failed to receive a
i majority of the votes at the polls.
By the act of Congress lately passed there
were five judges of election provided for the
city of Washington, to be appointed by the
supreme court of the District. Those judges
were to attend to the registration of voters,
and to decide who was a legal voter within
the meaning of the act of Congress._ These
judges of election were actually appointed by
the supreme court of the District. They per-
formed their duties. Lists of registration were
made out and perfected. Another act of Con-
gress subsequently passed provided that there
should be commissioners of election appointed
by the same court, who were to receive the
ballots cast by the persons whose names had
been entered by the judges of election upon
the lists of registration. These commission-
ers were ministerial officers merely. By the
express provisions of the law they are to
decide, not upon the qualifications of voters,
but only upon their identity ; and this is all
in fact that in the late election the commis-
sioners of election undertook to perform. In
the fifth ward of this city it so happened that
these commissioners of election in pursuance
of their duty returned, as it was provided by
law that they should do, that certain individ-
uals who had received a majoiity of the votes
east were elected to the common council. It
happened that they were not Radicals, as was
expected, and hence the trouble. The register
of the city, who under the law has nothing to
do but simply to make a record of the returns
and to notify the persons elected—mere minis-
terial acts—undertook to withhold the notice
from certain persons of those who were returned
in the first instance by the commissioners of 1
election as having been legally elected to the
council. It is true that after the performance
of that act, the commissioners of election were
induced to make a supplemental return: but
when they did that they were fundi officio,
without any further power and incompetent to
revoke the return which they had previously
made according to tlie express provisions of
the law. The law further provides, that upon
returns being so made, the mayor of the city
shall proclaim the persons so returned elected.
That was done in this instance. Yet those
gentlemen thus elected and so returned and
proclaimed as elected were denied the right
to take their seats at the council board. And
now, it being evident that there is no law for
such a proceeding, this shameless retroactive
measure has been introduced into the Senate,
passed there, and is now before this House,
for the purpose of making the certificate of
the register, who before had no judicial powers,
the prima facie evidence of election, thus
changing the law from what it was when the
election took place for the mere purpose of
enabling the Republican party to have a ma-
jority of councilmen at the board where they
had been unexpectedly left in a minority by the
result of the election.
Mr. NIBLAClv. I trust the gentleman will
allow me a single inquiry. 1 have not had an
opportunity of examining this bill since it was
passed by the Senate; but I understand that as *
to the question of a prima facie case, it creates
one rule with reference to the mayor, and
anotlie'r with reference to the members of the
council. I wish to inquire whether that is the
fact ?
Mr. BOYER. It is.
Mr. NIBLAClv. And being so, does not
that operate in each case in tavor ol the Repub-
lican candidates?
Mr. BOYER. Undoubtedly it does. The
design is patent upon the very face of the bill,
i wish I had time to ventilate it before this
House and before the country. It was well for
the gentlemen on the other side to restrict the
debate on this side of the House to twenty
minutes. It is their habit thus to restrict debate
when the measure which they introduce and
undertake to force through this House will not
bear the test of honest, fair discussion.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman one question. Who, under the existing
law, gives the certificates to the parties claim-
■ ing to be elected?
| Mr. BOYER. Under the existing law it is
provided that the mayor shall proclaim who
| are elected according to the returns of the
i commissioners of election ; and that was done
I in this instance. The register has nothing
j more to do with it than to perform the simple
i ministerial act of notifying the persons who
| are elected ; and whether he notifies them or
! not under the law it cannot make one particle
1 of difference, nor affect in the slightest degree
the validity of the election of those who are
| returned as the elected officers by the com-
jj missioncrs, and who are proclaimed to be so
'! elected and returned by the mayor. _
ji Mr. DAWES. 1 was simply inquiring who,
4 under the existing law, gives the certificates.
:! Mr. ELD RIDGE. The gentleman from
i j Massachusetts ought not take up the time of
' the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. BoyerJ
m when it is so limited. .
Mr. BOYER. No. sir; I cannot yield further.
The gentlemen are welcome to all the capital
i they can make by the passage of this measure,
u If we cannot discuss it here, we can take tue
