93
SUPPLEMENT TO
pending before the country, and that was
known as the fourteenth article, the one con-
cerning which I have just read, and which is
required to be adopted by every State Legisla-
ture before the State can be admitted to repre-
sentation in Congress.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, the
Managers offer in support of the accusations
of the House ofKepresentativestwo telegraphic
messages, one signed by Lewis E. Parsons,
and one signed by Andrew Johnson. The
question is, is the evidence proposed pti the
part of the Managers admissible?
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Colo, Conkling,ConneKS, Corbett, Cragin, Drake,
Henderson, Howard, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, lloss, Sherman, Spraeue, Stewart, Suuiner, Thay-
er, Tipton, Willey, and Wilson—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalcw, Davis, Dixon, Doo-
little, Edmunds, Ferry, Feasenden, Fowler, Freling-
huysen, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Patter-
son of Tennessee, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Viekers,
and Williams—17,
NOT VOTINli—Messrs. Bayard, Grimes, Harlan,
Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Morton, Saulsbury,
Wado and Yates—10.
So the evideuce was admitted.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I suppose that the
dispatches need not be read again ; they have
been read once or twice.
Mr. CURTIS. No; we waive the further
reading.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. Chief Justice, the
hour of live having arrived, I move that the
court adjourn until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
The CH1EB1 JUSTICE. It is moved that
the Senate sitting as a court of impeachment
now adjourn until to-mor-ow at twelve o'clock.
The question being put, it was declared that
the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. I call for a division.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The result has
been announced. It is too late to call for a
division.
Mr. JtAMSEY. The question was not un-
derstood, 1 think.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If that be the
case, the question will be put again.
The question being put again, the Chief
Justice declared that the motion appeared to
be agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. SUMNER called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 22; as
follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cameron, Oor-
bctt, (Jraerm, Davis, Dixon. Doolittle, Fowler. l«'re-
Unshuysen, Henderson, McCreery, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Noiton, Patterson of Tennessee, Itamsey,
Sprasue, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Viekers,
and W i lie.v—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Connesrf, Diake, Edmunds, Fessenden, Howard,
Howe. Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Nye,•Patterson of
New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ross, Sherman, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Williams, and Wilson—22.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Buyard, Ferry, Grimes,
Harlan, Hendricks, Johnson, Morton, Saulsbury,
Wado, and Yates—10.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. On this question
the yeas are 22, and the nays are 22. The Chief
Justice votes in the affirmative. The Senate,
sitting as a court of impeachment, stands ad-
journed until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Friday, April 8, 1868.
The Chief Justice of the United States entered
the Senate Chamber at live minutes past twelve
o'clock and took the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by vhe Sergeaut-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives appeared
and took the seats assigned them.
1 he counsel for the respondent also appeared
and took their seats.
I. he presence of the House of Representa-
tives was next announced, and the members
of the House, as in Committee of the Whole,
headed by Mr. E. B. Washbcrne, the chair-
man of that committee, and accompanied by
the Speaker and Clerk, entered the Senate
Chamber, and were conducted to the seats pro-
vided for them.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the nSSnutes of the last day's proceedings.
The Secretary read the Journal of the pro-
ceedings of the Senate yesterday sitting for the
trial of the impearchment.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I move that
the Senate take up the proposition which I
offered yesterday, to amend the seventh rule,
and have a vote upon it.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The amendment
will be considered as before the Senate unless
objected to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary
will read the amendment.
The Secretary read as follows:
Amend the seventh rule by adding the following:
Upon all such questions the vote shall be without
a division, unless the yeas and nays bo demanded by
one fifth of the members presont or requested by the
presiding officer, when the same shall be taken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I move to
strike out that part of it relating to the yeas
and nays being taken upon the request of the
presiding officer.
Mr. CONKLING. Not having heard the
motion of the Senator from Vermont, I ask
for the reading of the seventh rule as it is now,
which is not before us, and which we have no
means of knowing anything about.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the seventh rule.
The Seobbtaby. The seventh rule is as
follows:
"VII. The Presiding Officer of the Senate shall di-
rect all necessary preparations ill the-Scnatc Cham-
ber, and thepresidingollieer on the trial shall direct all
the forms of proceeding while the Senate are sitting
for the purpose of trying an impeachment, and all
forms during the trial not otherwise specially pro-
vided for. And the presiding officer on the trial may
rule all questions of evidence and incidental ques-
tions, which ruling fahall stand as the judgment of
the Senate, unless some member of the Senate shall
ask that a formal vote be taken thereon, in which
case it shall be submitted to the Senate,for decision;
or he may, at his option, in the first instance, submit
any such question to a vote of the members of the
Senate."
It is proposed to add the following to the
rule:
Upon all such questions the vote shall be without
a division, unless the yeas and nays be demanded by
one iittli of the mombers present or requested by the
presiding officer, when the same shall be taken.
Mr. DRAKE. I have no objection to the
amendment proposed by the honorable Senator
from Vermont.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The amendment
to the rule will be so modified if there be no
objection. [To the Chief Clerk.] Read the
amendment as modified.
The Chief Cleik read the amendment as
modified, as follows:
At the end of rule seven insert:
Upon all such questions the vote shall be without
a division, unless the yeas andnaj's bo demanded by
one fifth of the members present, when the same
shall be taken.
The amendment to the rules, as modified,
was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the rules, as
now amended, be printed for the use of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Managers on
the part of the House of Representatives will
proceed with their evidence.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Before putting any
question to Mr. Tinker, the witness under ex-
amination at the adjournment, I will put in a
single paper with the leave of the court. The
paperisa "message of the President of the
United States, communicating to the Senate a
report of the Secretary of State, showing the
proceedings under the concurrent resolution
of the two Houses of Congress of the 13th
instant^ requesting the President to submit to
the Legislatures^!" the States an additional arti-
cle to the Constitution of the United States."
Mr. STANBERY. What article is that?
What date?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The fourteenth
article. The document is dated June 22,1866.
It is the same article to which the dispatch'
related. We offer it in order to show to what
the dispatch referred.
[The document was handed to the counsel
for the respondent.]
Mr. STANBERY, (returning it.) Mr. Chief
Justice, we do not see the particular relevancy
of this message to any article which we are
called upon to answer. However, we have no
objection to the gentleman reading it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. Clerk, will
you read the message?
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Message from the President of the United State*, com-
municating to the Senate a report of the Secretary of
State, showing the proceedings under concurrcnt reso-
lutions of the two Houses of Congress of the 13/4 in-
stant, requesting the President to submit to the Legis-
lature of the Statesan additional article to the Consti-
tution of the United States.
To the Senate and Bouse of Representatives :
I submit to Congress a report of the Secretary of
State, to whom was referred the concurrent resolu-
tion of the 18th instant, respecting a submission to
the Legislatures of the States of an additional arti-
cle to the Constitution of the United Stares. It will
be seen from this report that the Secretary of State
had, on the 16th instant, transmitted to the Govern-
ors of the several States certified copies of the joint
resolution passed on the 13th instant, proposing an
amendment to the Constitution.
Even in ordinary times any question of amending
the Constitution must be justly regarded as of par-
amount importance. This importanceis at the pres-
ent time enhanced by the fact that the joint resolu-
tion was not submitted by the two Houses for the
approval of the President, and that of the thirty-six
States which constitute the Union eleven are ex-
cluded from representation in either House of Con-
gress, although, with the single exception of Texas,
they have been entirely restored to all their func-
tions as States, in conformity with the organic law
of the land, and have appeared at the national cap-
ital by Senators and Representatives who have ap-
plied for and have been refused admission to the
vacant seats. Nor have the sovereign people of the
nation been afforded an opportunity of expressing
their views upon the important questions which the
amendment involves. Grave doubts, therelore, may
naturally and justly arise as to whether the action
of Congress is in harmony with the sentiments of the
people, and whether State Legislatures, elected with-
out reference to such an issue, should be called upon
by Congress to decide respecting the ratification of
the proposed amendment.
Waiving the question as to the constitutional va-
lidity of the proceedings of Congress upon the joint
resolution proposing the amendment, or as to the
merits of the article which it submits, through the
executive department, to the Legislatures of the
States, I deem it proper to observe that the steps
taken by the Secretary of State, as detailed in the
accompanying report, are to be considered as purely
ministerial, and in no sense whatever committing
the Executive to an approval or a recommendation
of the amendment tothe State Legislatures orto the
people. On the contrary, a proper appreciation of
the letter and spirit of the Constitution, as well as
of the interests of national order, harmony, and
union, and a due deference for an enluhtened pub-
lic judgment, may at this time well suggest a doubt
whether any amendment to the Constitution ought
to be proposed by Congress, and pressed upon the
Legislatures of the several States for final decision,
until alter the admission of such loyal Senators and
Representatives <-)f the now unrepresented States as
have been or as mayherealter be chosen in conform-
ity with the Constitution and laws of the United
States. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., June 2*2,1S66.
Department of State.
Washington, Jane 20,1866.
The Secretary of State, to whom was referred the
concurrent resolution of the two Houses of Congi ess
ofthel8th instant in the following words : "Thatthe
President of the United States be requested to trans-
mit forthwith to the executives of the several States
of the United States copies of the article ot amend-
ment proposed hy Congi-ossto the State Legislatures,
to amend the Constitution of the United States,
passed June 13.1866, respectingcitizenship, the basis
of representation, disqualification tor office, and
validity of the public debt of the United States? &c.,
to the end that the said States may proceed to act
upon the said artiule of amendment, and that he re-
quest the executive of each State that may ratify
said amendment to transmit to theSccretarv of State
a certified copy of such ratification,*' has the honor
to submit the following report, namely: that on the
16th instant Hon. Amasa Cobb, of the Committee of
the House of Representatives on Enrolled Bills#
brought to this Department and deposited therein
an enrolled resolution of the two Houses of Congress,
which was thereupon received by the Secretary of
State and deposited among the rolls of the Depart-
ment, a copy of which is hereunto annexed. There-
upon the Secretary of State, on the 16th instant, in
conformity with the proceeding which was adopted
by him in 1865 in regard to the then proposed and
