2150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March: 2,7,
date gentlemen I propose that now this
appropriation bill come up, and then I will
yie|d to the honorable Senator from Iowa, and
consent to have the appropriation bill inform-
ally laid aside to allow his remarks to be made
on the other bill. It seems to me that will
accommodate all.
Mr. SUMNER. It appears to mo that that
is not meeting the proposition in aproper way.
And here allow me to make one remark in reply
to my friend from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.]
He is against the railroad bill, and therefore
he is very glad to-day to vote to proceed with
the consideration of an appropriation bill; and
he.makes a very good argument—I applaud it
as an argument in favor of proceeding with an
appropriation bill. We have all listened to that
argument (perhaps never delivered with more
effect than on this occasion) from the first day
that we have been in the Senate. It is a common
argument.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to ask the authority he has for saying that
I am against the railroad bill?
Mr. SUMNER. I have understood that the
Senator was against it; indeed, I thought he
avowed so on the floor. I do not intend to
attribute to the Senator any opposition which
he has not expressed. I hope lie is not
against it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have expressed no op-
position to the railroad bill. I do not know but
that 1 shall be opposed to it, and I do not know
but that I shall be in favor of it. What I have
been desirous to do so far was to find out
whether it had any merit in it. When I ascer-
tain that I shall know whether I am for it or
against it.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understand the Sen-
ator, he has not found out yet that the railroad
bill has any merit in it. Indeed, I have un-
derstood, I have been told—1 do not know by
whom, and I do not know whether the Senator
has expressed the opinion before on the floor
or not—that he is against the bill; and now I
learn from his own lips that he is trying to find
out whether it has any merit in it. i think,
therefore, I did not express myself too strongly
when I said that he was against the bill. He
resorts to a very natural aiguniciil by trying to
antagonize against that bill an appropriation
bill. Very well; he is perfectly justified in
that, and 1 make no criticism ; I make 110 com-
plaint. I simply call attention to his speech
as a common mode of opposition to a measure
which a person is at least at the time not dis-
posed to vote for. There the Senator stands.
Now, I have to say, on the other hand, that
I am in favor of the railroad bill. The Sen-
ator made some allusions to the earnestness
with which I have supported it. I will not
say that he traveled a little too far when he
made those allusions. I know he did not in-
tend to do so. But I presented to the Senate
the petition from these parties which is the
basis of the present bill; and I think at a later
day I introduced ill some form or other the
proposed enactment which was referred to the
committee. Before I took that step I made
it a point to give my best attention to it. I did
not introduce that petition until I had studied
the question according to my manner and
ability. I felt that there was occasion for
remedy; that certain parties had ventured
largely in the interests of the public, also in
their own interests, and that they were about
to experience great loss and detriment unless
we should interfere. I listened to the argu-
ment of my friend, the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] in which, while opposing the
proposed measure, he admitted that there was
an eqaity—that was his very language—in the
claim of these petitioners. Sir, if there is an
equity by the admission of those who oppose
the measure, that is a reason, it seems to me,
for action on our part. But, beyond all that
question of private interests, you have the great
interest of the public itself, which is concerned,^
that this great railroad, one of the triumphs of
civilization in our day, through which our
country is to gain so immensely, shall ue com-
pleted, not only in its main trunk, but in all
its arteries and affluents. I say, therefore, the
measure which my friend from Michigan pro-
poses to press upon the Senate to-day is not a
local measure.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will my honor-
able friend allow me to suggest that there is no
proposition to take up that measure pending,
and, therefore, that the merits of that question
are hardly open to debate.
Mr. SUMNER. But I am not going into
the merits. Indeed, 1 have not been discuss-
ing the merits at all; I have only been consid-
ering, in answer to the argument of my friend
from Vermont, very briefly, in about half the
time he occupied, reasons why we should pro-
ceed now with the railroad bill rather than
with the appropriation bill. I will make one
other remark, and ttiere I will stop.
My excellent friend from Maine knows that
his appropriation bill, as I have said con-
stantly, will take care of itself. It cau be
passed after we get through wii.li the railroad
bill this evening; to-morrow, it will surely
pass. The public interests, about which my
friend from Vermont is so anxious, will not
suffer by the delay of an hour or two, more or
less, with regard to the appropriation bill.
13ut if the railroad bill is not taken up and
acted upon to-day, and then, if other measures
are allowed to supervene, 1 know not when,
considering what we have before us, it will bo
again reached. I think, therefore, considering
the gravity of the case, that, the Senate has
already gone so far in the discussion that it
is essentially unfinished business—threefold,
fourfold, fivefold unfinished business, because
it has been as many as live times at least be-
fore the Senate, and wo should proceed with
it and get it out of the way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. One word is all
I desire to say, and I only say that that I may
be free of any responsibility on this question.
This is ail appropriation bill which must bo
passed sooner or later; it is one of a series
that have come from the House of Represent-
atives ; some have been passed, some remain
back. The principal appropriation bills are
still back with the Senate committee. If we
are to be occupied about other matters for a
period, more or less—nobody, can tell how
long—and the appropriation bills are post-
poned, I can see well enough that I shall be
asked about them hereafter and possibly called
to some responsibility for not having presented
them at an early day to the Senate. I present
this bill to the Senate, and I ask its consider-
ation. If the Senate see fit to postpone it. to
an uncertain future, and throw it upon bills
which are behind, 1 do not propose myself to
be responsible ; that is all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine, to take up the naval appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to ; there being on a
division—ayes 17. noes 15.
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of
the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill (II.
It. No. 001) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending 30th June,
1809.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When this bill w^
called up I did not observe that it was th(?
naval appropriation bill. I understand the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
is not present, but is necessarily absent. I do
not know that there is any impropriety in con-
sidering the bill in his absence, but 1 wish to
suggest the fact to the Senator from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I advised the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] chairman
of that committee, of my desire to take up this
bill to-day, and asked him if he wished to be
present; and he, having been upon the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, where it was con-
sidered, had no particular desire to be here.
Mr. HENDRIC1CS. Is he on the Committee
on Appropriations'/
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will read the amendments reported by
the Committee on Appropriations.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ments. The first amendment was in line eight,
to strike out the words " millions of" and in-
sert ''million," and after the word "be" in
line nine to strikeout ■'required by existing
law" and insert "necessary;" so as to make^
the clause read:
For pay ofeommi«sion, warrant, and petty officers,
and seamen, &S,UW,0iK>, or so much tnereof as may be
necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
proviso from lines nine to seventeen, in the fol-
lowing words:
I'roviJ/d, That all moneys now under control or
subject to the order of the Secretary of the Navy,
whet hoi ;u isms fiom appi <>pri.itions or from sales of
public propoi ty. or otherwise, which shall bo unex-
pended on thelstdny ot'July, 186S, shall be covered
into the Treasury, so that no amount hereby appro-
pi tafed shall bo expended or di awn while any other
unexpended moneys shall be oubjcct to the order of
the Secretary of the IS a\ y.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-ones
after the word ''kinds," to insert the worde
"labor in navy-yards;" so as to make the
clause read:
For pieservation of wood and iron vessels and ships
in ordinary, and tor those that are on the slocks;
vessels lor theNuval Academy; lor puielKite of ma-
terial and sloiesot all kinds; labor in navy-jards;
tools, tianspoitation ot inatenal, repair of \esscls,
and maintoiidm e ot the Navy ailoat, fc3,U0U,Uv-l0.
The amendment was agiced to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-six,
to strike out "tools" and insert "tolls,'' and
after the wotd ferriages" in the same line to
insert "for coal and other fuel" among the
the items of contingent expenses of the Bureau
of Y.uda and Docks appropriated for.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
11 necessary" inline sixty-five to insert "re-
pairs of j" so as to make the item read :
Naval fetation at Key West:
For necessary repairs ot wharves and building
S3,OUO.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following proviso from line eighty to line ninety-
two :
Provided, That the, civil engineer and the naval
storekeeper at the several navy-yards, and that the
persons employed at theseverat navy-} ards to super-
inl end the mechanical departments, and heretofore
known as master mechanics, master carpenters,
master joiners, master blacksmiths, master boiler-
niaki. js, master sailuiakers, master plumbers, mas-
ter painters, master cahceis, master masons, master
boatbuilders, master sparmnkers, master block-
makers, arid the superintendent ot lope-walks, shall
be appointed by the President, with the advice and
consent ot the Senate, and shall be men skilled in
their several duties and appointed irom civil liie,
and shall not be appointed irom officers of the Navy,
Mr. WILSON. I hope that amendment will
not be concurred in by the Senate, but that the
proviso wiil remain as it came from the House
of Ite^fesentatives.
Mr'. MOIUULL, of Maine. I only rise to
saythat the Committee on Appropriations were
oj/opinion that it would not subserve the public
teiests nor add to the efficiency of the public
Service to subject these officers, who are strictly
petty and subordinate, to appointment by the
President and confirmation by the Senate : that
in practice it would lead to difficulties) and it
was not obvious that the present mode of ap-
pointment is liable to any special abuse, par-
ticularly under a lair Administration.
Mr. SUMNEH called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say that I
have no objection to these aliicers being ap-
pointed wirhout coming to the Senate for con-
tinuation ; but I think they should be selected
from people who know something about these
various pursuits. The good of the service re-
quires it. The abuses that have crept into the
system during the last three or four years ought
to bo corrected, and the additional expense to
which the Government has been put ought to
