1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
senator from maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move now that the Sen-
ate proceed to consider the case of my col-
league. I do not propose to debate it myself
to-day or perhaps at any time; but I want it
to be the first business in order to-morrow at
the expiration of the morning hour. I under-
stand the honorable member from Ohio pro-
poses to move an executive session as soon
as this matter is taken up. I move that the
Senate proceed to consider the case of my
colleague.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the_ Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose the motion I
made in the case of my colleague brings that
case before the Senate, so that it will be the
first thing in order, as the unfinished business,
at the expiration of the morning hour to-mor-
row.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I yield to the motion
of the honorable member.
The motion was agreed to; and after several
hours spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 12, 1868.
The House metattwelve o'clock m._ Prayer
by Rev. Jonathan* Blanchard, President of
Wheaton College, Illinois.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
surrender op criminals.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 719) for
the surrender of persons convicted of certain
crimes; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
order oe business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour has commenced,
and the House resumes the consideration of
■the bill reported by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs (H. R. No. 584) concerning the rights
of American citizens in foreign States, upon
which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] has the floor.
reorganization op pension bureau.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution j which
was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to inquire whether the Pension Bureau
cannot be reorganized so as to promote the efficiency
and economy of its administration, and to report by
bill or otherwise.
new jersey anti-monopoly convention.
Mr. HAIGHT, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the address and proceedings of the anti-
monopoly convention of the State of New
Jersey ; which were referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
rights op american citizens abroad.
Mr. HAIGHT also, by unanimous consent,
presented resolutions in reference to the pro-
tection of American citizens abroad, adopted
at a public meeting held in Jersey City, New
Jersey ; which were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. HAIGHT also, by unanimous consent,
presented resolutions on the same subject,
adopted at a public meeting of citizens of Bor-
dentown; which were _ referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
ventilation op the hall.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, submitted the following
resolution ; winch was readj considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Comraitteo on Public Buildings
and Grounds bo instructed to inuuire into tho prac-
ticability of applying Gouge's atmospheric ventila-
tor to th&Hall of this House, with the cost thereof,
and to report by bill or otherwise.
amendment op admiralty laws.
Mr. HUMPHREY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 720) to amend an
act entitled "An act to extend the jurisdiction
of district courts to certain cases upon the
lakes," &c., passed February 26, 1845; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
harbor improvement at bupfalo.
Mr. HUMPHREY also, by unanimous con-
sent, presented a resolution of the Common
Council of the city of Buffalo, New York, ask-
ing for an appropriation sufficient to complete
the harbor improvement at that place, upon
the plan recommended by the United States
engineer department; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
rights op american citizens again.
The SPEAKER. The business now before
the House is the bill (H. R. No. 584) concern-
ing the rights of American citizens in foreign
States, upon which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 wish to inquire of the
Chair, with the consent of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, whether it would now be in
order to move an amendment to this bill?
The SPEAKER. It would not be. The
motion to recommit, now pending, precludes
the offering of any amendment.
Mr. MORGAN. When the motion to re-
commit shall have been disposed of, will it
then be in order to submit a motion to amend ?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to recom-
mit should bo withdrawn, and the previous
question called and seconded, no motion to
amend would be in order. If the House should
not second the demand for the previous ques-
tion amendments would be in order; and a
number of gentlemen have already indicated
their desire to offer amendments in that event.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] yield to me
for a question in regard to the pending bill ?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman whether he proposes to call the
previous question at the conclusion ot his
remarks?
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
purpose to occupy the attention of the House,
unless the House chooses to close the debate.
I do not propose to volunteer any remarks
now. When the House shall consider that the
question has been debated a sufficient length
of time and shall close the debate, I shall ask
attention to some considerations in explana-
tion of the bill. My purpose is not to antici-
pate the action of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts will permit me I
will say I think it but just to the other com-
mittees behind his committee that he should
close the debate on this question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts it be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, where it can be debated under
the five-minutes' rule. It may be made the
special order and left, also, open to amend-
ment.
Mr. BANKS. I do not wish it to be taken
out of the usual course of business. I am will-
ing to submit to any suggestion of the House
which is in the usual course of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ Let the
gentleman call for the previous question. He
will then have an hour in which to close this
debate.
Mr. BANKS. If the House will allow me
I will s'tate the course I propose myself. I
have not been in attendance on the sessions of
the House for the last week, and therefore do
not know its spirit and temper on this ques-
tion as other gentlemen ; but the members of
the committee advise me that other commit-
tees and many members of the House are
impatient to have this question decided. The
committee are unanimously of opinion this bill
should be pressed as it stands to-day ; but the
committee is perfectly willing,- as I understand,
to give other gentlemen of the House a vote on
certain amendments which have been proposed,
the amendment suggested by my colleague
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] substitut-
ing non-intercourse for reprisal, and the one -
proposed early in the debate by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] for a declaration of
war instead of reprisal. I am, for one, wholly
unwilling to give way to a motion to substitute
the English theory of allegiance and expatria-
tion for that which has been the steadfast prin-
ciple of the American Government up to this
time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentleman
allow me to have a vote on the amendment I
have proposed?
Mr. BANKS. What is it?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is to strike out
the second clause of the first section.
Mr. BANKS. With the consent of the mem-
bers of the committee, I should be perfectly
willing to do it. I will say informally that I
proposed to do it in committee, but every mem-
ber of the committee was disinclined to con-
sent to it.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I wish to make a re-
mark. I hope on such a great national ques-
tion as this is the previous question will not be
sustained, especially when on this side of the
House the question has not been debated at all,
and in view of the ungenerous remark of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Orth,] who
closed the debate yesterday. This bill ought
to be debated fully, for the reason that petitions
continue to come up here daily and hourly on
this question. I hope the House will vote down
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. BANKS. I will say that other questions
of this nature must be presented to the House
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and more
general than the one now before the House.
So if the House closes discussion on the ques-
tion this morning, hereafter and very speedily,
because the information is before the House,
the committee will present this question in a
different and more general form.
Mr. PILE. I suggest to the gentleman from
Massachusetts that the debate which has pro-
ceeded upon this floor on this bill has indicated
that a large majority who have spoken on the
subject are in favor of a declaratory resolution.
I wish to suggest to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts whether he cannot in his remarks
satisfy the House such a resolution would be
unwise and would not be fair. I think the
House would then be ready to sustain the pre-
vious question and vote on the bill.
Mr. BANKS. 'In answer to the gentleman
from Missouri, I say this : that the opponents
of this bill have occupied the whole time, and
that is the reason a favorable disposition to
adopt the English theory appears in the discus-
sion. Now, sir, I do not mean to be a party
in any form whatever to the recognition of the
English doctrine of allegiance and expatriation
by the United States Government. Whatever
comes of this question or this bill, I will not
consent to an amendment of that kind. But I
am willing to discuss that question, and if the
bill shall seem to be imperfect in that re§a™
the House can vote it down. Then we shall
have the subject in a new form.
Mr. PILE. I desire to suggest that we hear
the gentleman npon that point before we vote
on the previous question.
Mr B ANKS. I do not wish to occupy the
time of the House now, but I intend to do so
at the close of the debate. _ I am unwilling even
to trespass upon its attention now.
Mr. PILE. I desire to hear the gentleman
before I vote on the previous question.
Mr. BANKS. I yield to the gentleman trom
Rhode Island.
Mr. JBNCKES. I ask the gentleman to
yield for the purpose of allowing a vote to be
taken on the proposition made by me in the
House.
