1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1120
that the United States is notified that the law
of England claims the right to confer or with-
hold the power of expatriation. I object to
the mcorporatioaof thatdoctriae in any statute
of the United States. Now, Mr. Speaker, I will
state what I propose to do in regard to this bill.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman will per-
mit me to remind him that he has not answered
the question I asked—where can any declara-
tion that such is the English law be found?
Mr. BANKS. In Lord Palmerston's dis-
patch to Mr. Bancroft in 1849 or 1850, pub-
lished in the report of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. JENCKES. I do not so read that dis-
patch. I take issue with the gentleman dis-
tinctly on that point.
Mr. BANKS. I wish to state the course I
propose to pursue in regard to the bill. The
committee are unanimous in recommending
the passage of this bill. They understand that
the House is pressing for action. We have no
desire to cut off debate. We are perfectly
willing that it shall run on for a week or a
couple of weeks. But, in accordance with my
duty as chairman of the committee, I am com-
pelled to submit to the House the question
whether or not it will close the debate on this
subject at this time? I am unwilling to opeu
the bill to the incorporation of this offensive
English principle to which I have referred;
but I am willing to allow a vote to be taken
upon the proposition of my colleague from
Massachusetts, [.Mr. Butler,] to substitute for
what is called "the reprisal clause," if the
House shall choose, the principle of absolute
non'-intercourse. f am willing to allowavoteto
be taken upon the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] to authorize
a declaration of war, instead of the provision
reported by the committee j and if the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] desires it, lam
willing to open the bill to a vote upon the
exclusion of the clause in the first section
referring to the executive department of the
United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowai I desire to have a
vote upon that proposition.
•Mr. BANKS, f now withdraw the motion
to recommit, and allow the amendments 1
have indicated to be offered, and in accordance
with the request of gentlemen all about me I
now call the previous question upon the bill and
amendments.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to make
a parliamentary inquiry of the Chair. If the
previous question should not be seconded will
it be in order to move to refer this bill to the
Committee of the Whole ?
The SPEAKER. Should the previous ques-
tion not be seconded the bill will then be open
for amendment or reference.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then I desire to
make that motion, if the previous question
should not be seconded.
Mr. BANKS. I ask for a vote upon the call
for the previous question.
Mr. JENCKES. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. If the previous question
should not be seconded will it then be in order
for me to offer the substitute I have indicated?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
is voted down then a motion to amend or a
motion to refer will be iu order.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to ask a question. If
the previous question is sustained will all?
amendments be out of order except the three
permitted by the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Banks] to be acted
upon by the House ?
The SPEAKER. In that case no other
amendments will be voted upon.
Mr. J UDD. Then I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask my colleague on the
committee [Ml\ Banks] to withdraw for a mo-
ment his call for the previous question?
Mr. BANKS. For what purpose?
Mi*. MORGAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to strike out the proviso of the first sec-
tion of this bill.
Mr. BANKS. I do not think thai proviso
should be stricken out. I must insist upon the
previous question.
The question was taken upon the previous
question j and upon a division there were—
ayes 39, noes 78.
So the previous question wa^ not seconded.
Mr. JENCKES, I now offer the following
amendment in the nature of a substitute for this
bill, to strike out all after the enacting clause
and insert:
That the right of expatriation, and also tho right
of naturalization under the conditions imposed by
law, be, and they hereby are, declared to be and to
have been a part of the public law of the United
States ; and the executive department of theGovern-
ment shall insist upon the recognition of these rights
by the Governments of all other nations; and if such
rights shall in any case or in any manner bo contra-
vened by tho Government of any foreign State,- con-
trary to the intent and purposes of this act, it shall
be the duty of tho Executive to give information of
the same to Congress without delay, in order that
moans may be taken with effect for the protection of
any citizens of tho United States in any rights which
may have been interfered with or denied by such
foreign Governments.
Skc. 2. And be it further enacted* That any citizen
of theUnited States may lose his national character:
First. By becoming naturalized in any foreign
country.
Second. By undertaking, without the permission of
this Government, the performance of public duties
under afoieign Government.
Third. By making his domicilo in any foreign
country without intent to return. But no residence
for the purpose of commerce shall be considered as
made without intent to return.
Sec. 3. And be it further enactedt That citizens of
tho United States in every part of tho world, while
cngageduponlawfulbusiness, shall be entitled to and
shall receive such protection as this Government has
tho power to afford to their persons and property,
and the executive department of the Government
shall see that such protection is given, and that the
rights of American citizens shall bo recognized in
every foreign State; butsueh protection shall not be
accordcd to the iollowing classes of persons, and the
Executive shall not interfere in their behalf after
their quality shall have been ascertained:
1. Those who have renounced their citizenship in
either of tho modes described in the preceding sec-
tion.
2. Those who may be guilty of any crime against
the laws of any foreign State, committed within its
jurisdiction.
3. Those who, by treason orany other crime against
tho United States, shall have forfeited their rights as
citizens of the/ United States.
4. Those who shall have been absent from theUni-
ted States for more than five years continuously, and
who shall have failed to make return of their income
and property for taxation, or to pay taxes in the dis-
trict and State within the United States where they
have each had their last domicile, during each year
of such absence, in tho manner required by tho laws
of the United States and of such State.
5..Those who shall engago in tho service of any
foreign belligerent contrary to tho provisions of the
neutrality laws of the United States.
6. Those who may connect themselves with any
association m anyforcign country, whose organiza-
tion requires citizenship of such country as a quali-
fication for membership thereof.
7. Those citizens who shall return to tho country
of their birth with intent to resume a domicile therein,
which intent shall be presumed from five years' con-
tinuous residence in the native country of any such
citizen, or from the establishment of any business
therein which requires his personal attention, and
which denotes an intention of remaining a perma-
nent resident.
8. Those persons who have procured the evidence
of naturalization by misrepresentation or fraud in
regard to residence or otherwise.
9. Those who have deserted from actual service in
the army or navy of any foreign State, or who, owing
military scrvice to their native country, have left it
to avoid a conscription actually ordered.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That any citizen
of the United States who shall have lost or renounced
his citizenship in either of tho modes hereinbefore
set forth may again bccome entitled to the same by
resuming his permanent residence in any State or
Territory thereof, and by making declaration of his
intent to resume his citizenship in the cloik's offi.ee
of any court of the United States.
Mr. JUDD. Will the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Jexckes] yield to me for a mo-
ment?
Mr. JENCKES. For what purpose?
Mr. JUDD. I desire to offer a substitute
for this bill, or at least to have it read.
Mr. JEHCKES. I will yield to allow it to
be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
1. The Government of the United States was estab-
lished on the principle that every individual man
has an inalienable right to life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness, and that Governments were insti-
tuted among men to secme those rights: and as a
means necessary to secure them the express power to
establish a uniform rule of naturalisation was vested
in Congress by the fi^rst article of the Constitution of
the United States.
2. That since 1790 this constitutional power has
been exercised by Congress and fox more than three
quarters of a century, during which period many
millions of people from foreign lands have abjured
allegiance to theGovernmentsunderwhichthcy were
born, and,reIyinguponthe naturalization laws of the
United States and the faith of the Government.for
their protection, have become citizens of the United
States, contributing by their industry, intelligence,
and patriotism to the national prosperity, national
security, and national honor.
3. That by the Constitution and laws of the United
States no distinction is made between the rights of
citizenship belonging to native-born citizens and to
naturalized citizens of the United States born in
other countries or in the protection due to them from
the Government; both classes, subject to the same
national duties of citizenship, are justly entitled to
tho same national protection, the solitary distinc-
tion being that the President must be native born.
4. That the naturalization lawb of theUnited States
mado pursuant to the Constitution, and in force since
1802, required foreign-born persons, as a condition
of becoming naturalized citizens ot the United States,
to abjure all allegiance and fidelity to any other Gov-
ernment, " to absolutely and entirely renounce and
abjure all allegiance and fidelity to any foreign
prince, potentate, State, or sovereignty whatever,"
and particularly by name the Power, potentate, State,
or sovereignty whereof he was before a citizen or
subject; and hence the principles and doctrines of
the English common law and all other conflicting
doctrines and principles of the systems of jurispru-
dence respecting the rights and duties of foreign-
born citizens ot the United States were abolished
within the jurisdiction and territory of the United
States.
5. The obligations of a Government to protect and
defend its native-born citizens at all times and in all
countries is conceded in all civilized States and sov-
ereignties; and naturalized citizens having the same
rights as native born under the Constitution and
laws of the United States, they are entitled to the
same piotection, and hcnco against any exaction of
military or other service or duty which it would be
tho duty of theUnited States Government to pro-
tect its native-born citizens from it is equally bound
to afford protection, assistance, and redress in behalf
of its naturalized citizens.
6. That the naturalization laws of the United
States form apart of ij£ national and political sys-
tem, in force for nearly three quarters of a century,
and all foreign Governments whose citizens have
heretofore bccome naturalized are chargeable with
notice and acquiescence therein, which cannot now
be controverted with due regard to the rights and
dignity of the United States Government.
7. The war with Great Britain in 1812 was in a great
measuro brought on by the violation of the rights of
naturalized citizens of the United States, and since
that time the impressment of seamen because of
their alleged native allegiance to the crown has been
in practico abandoned by the British Government.
8. That Congress has the power to declare and vin-
dicate the rights of naturalized citizens, and their
present condition and treatment in foreign countries
shows that their protection cannot safely be iu trusted
exclusively to the exceutivo department, but should
bo enforced by imperative laws.
9. That naturalized citizens charged with crime in
a foreign land are entitled to the protection of tho
United States to the extent that it shall see that tho
laws of such country are fairly and impartially ad-
ministered without prejudice or perversion.
10. That theUnited States are in duty bound to seo
that no citizen o£ the United States is tried or pun-
ished within a foreign jurisdiction for acts done or
words uttered within tho United Slates or any other
country except thatwherein the prosecutionis insti-
tuted.
11. That it is the duty of the Government of the Uni-
ted States to demand the immediate dischargo and
release of all citizens restrained of their liberty in
violation of the principles herein declared and just
reparation for the wrong any citizen may have suf-
fered.
Hesolvcd, That the executive department be in-
structed to carry out the doctrines and enforce the
rights herein enunciated, and to report to Congress
any refusal or neglect on the part of any foreign
Government to recognize the demand so made.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. At the proper time, if
the distinguished gentleman from Rhode Island
will yield to me I will move to strike out the
following portion of his substitute:
But such protection shall not be accordcd to the
following classes of persons, and the Executive shall
not interfere in their behalf after their quality shall
have been ascertained :
1. Those who have renounced their citizenship m
either of the modes described in the preceding sec-
i tion. , . . ,
2. Those who may ha guilty of any crime against
the laws of any foreign State committed withm its
jurisdiction. „ • • .
3. Those who, by treason or any other crime against
the United States, shall have forfeited their rights as
citizens of tho United States.
4 Those who shall have been absent from tho
United States for more than five years continuously,
and who shall have failed to make return of their
income and property for taxation, and shall have
! paid taxes in the district andStatewithin the Unifed
' States where they have each had their last domicile,
> during each year of such absence, in tho manner
j required by tho laws of tho United States and of such
] State.
