1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4201
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unani-
mous consent the special order can be passed
over informally. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senate to take
up House joint resolution, No. 843, allowing a
cap for a monument about being erected in the
city of Harrisburg to the slain of the Mexican
war to be admitted free of duty. It will not
take a moment. It has passed the other House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORTON. I cannot consent to that.
I am going upon borrowed time myself.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(S. No. 622) to authorize the construction of
bridges across the Ohio river is before the Sen-
ate, and the Senator from West Virginia has the
floor upon it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Mr. President, I was
adverting to the report of the board of engi-
neers, on which the law I have already spoken
of was passed, and under which the bridges
that I represent here in my locality are being
constructed. I wish to read a few short extracts
from a longer report now in the hands of the
Senator from Indiana. As we cannot get any
other reports to know whether this is right
or wrong I shall be inclined to rely on this
report of twenty-five civil engineers; one of
them, however, being from the United States
Army.
I have already stated that the question first
presented to them was as to the feasibility and
propriety of erecting a single span of five hun-
dred feet, or two separate spans of three hun-
dred and eighty-four feet, and the decision was
in favor ot two spans of three hundred and
eighty-four feet. If I can have the attention
of the Senate, I desire to read a few passages
from their report:
"Resolved, That we, as practical engineers, cannot
conscientiously recommend t.o the parties in interost,
to venture upon the construction ot" spans of as great
length as the maximum one proscribed by law"—
That is, five hundred feet—
"and that, therefore, we do recommend for adoption
the minimum spans allowed by the law, as more eco-
nomical. less hazardous in construction and main-
tenance, and affording ample accommodation to the
commerce of the river at the port of St. Louis."
It was also—
"Resolved, That in view of all the circumstances of
this case, wc would recommend spans of less than
three hundred and fifty feet in the clcar, if the Fed-
eral law permitted of such reduction."
The report of another committee of that
body says:
"That under the circumstances of the case, it is
expedient to construct the spans overthc main chan-
nel of three hundred and fifty feet in the clear."
And they expressed by resolution—
" Their unqualified disapprobation of spans of fivo
hundred feet."
Now, sir, I should like to call attention to
this paragraph to show how private property
may be destroyed for a mere notion, as I think
this idea of a five hundred feet span is :
" It was proved in joint committee that tho cost of
a span of five hundred and twenty feet (five hundred
feet in the cleur,) will be more than twice as great
per foot of bridge as a span of three hundred and
sixty-eight feet (three hundred and fifty feet in the
clear) and not less than three times as great as a span
of three hundred and four feet; consequently, the cost
of one span of five hundred and twenty feet will be
equal to two spans of three hundred and sixty-eight
f<* t, and one and a half spans of two hundred and
sixty-four feet: that is, for the cost of one span of
five hundred and twenty feet., no less than eleven-
hundred and fifty feet of bridge in spans of three
hundred and sixty-eight feet and two hundred and
sixty-four feet may be built."
Mr. President, I have said, and I am bound
to believe until I see something to the con-
trary from some authoritative source, that this
idea of a five hundred feet span is a mere notion
gotten up by one opposing interest against
another; and I should like to call the attention
of the Senate for a few moments to something
practical on the subject. Four hundred feet
is six times the length of this Senate Chamber,
and five hundred feet in the clear would be
about seven times as long as this Senate Cham-
ber. I ask Senators to imagine that the space
from one extreme of the gallery across to the
other was seven times as long without any
intermediate support whatever, and a railroad
train of some three or four hundred tons were
to be placed upon it. It is almost utterly
impossible to find any material that will be
strong enough to bear such a weight for such
a span at anything like a reasonable expense,
or any expense which could be well incurred
in this country. I know that the tubular bridge
is nearly five hundred feet in its span; but we
all know that is a work erected where money
was not scarce as it is here. That it is practi-
cable to flo it, there can be no question. That
a five hundred feet span may be constructed,
I have no doubt. Sir, there is no doubt that
a ten thousand feet span could be constructed
if we could find material that would not crush
itself to destruction by its own weight. We
are limited in these things by the nature of the
materials we are to work with; and I believe
a five hundred feet span bridge comes very
near the limit of our materials. There is no
bridge in this country of that span, and all the
manufacturers of bridges that I have seen
recommend that it should not be so long; and
I know there was a doubt when the law was
passed requiring the spans to be three hundred
feet about their stability if built in the ordinary
way; but unquestionably they can be built.
Now, sir, what are we subjected to? Now
that we, relying on the faith of this law, passed
after such deliberation as it received, and the
views of skillful and competent engineers, have
commenced these bridges, and spent perhaps
two or three hundred thousand dollars upon
them, they are to be arbitrarily charged at an im-
mense expense to those engaged in the work.
I have no hesitation in saying that between the
three and five hundred feet span—I say it on
the authority of engineers and upon what
must be reasonableto everybody—whether that
bridge is built of wood or iron, or compounded
of both, the necessary and unavoidable con-
sequence is that tho long span will cost more
than three times as much as the short one. It
is true two hundred feet more will be covered;
but in every way the expense must be very
great. In the first place, the piers that are to
be built to support the longer span must be
stouter in every way, and heavier than those
built to sustain a span of three hundred feet,
and, as I have already said, the materials must
be heavier. Every rod that is used in its con-
struction must be more than double the weight.
This whole chord has to go for five hundred
feet, and yet it must be so managed that it is as
strong in the center as in the ends where it rests
on the piers. Every one must see that it is a
mechanical impossibility to construct such a
bridge at anything like tho rate it would take
for a three hundred feet span.
I will also advert to the fact that probably the
navigation of the river would be much more
damaged by the increased size of the piers
which a five hundred feet span would render
necessary than it would be by the narrow span.
I have very little doubt of this in such a river
as the Ohio where the natural channel is very
narrow.
Sir, I should like to know what is to be
gained by this; and I should like to have some
scientific answer at least to that question, not
mere notions of people who do not live on that
river and know nothing about it. I want to
know what is to be gained by it. All I hear in
reference to that is that it is to permit the boats
towing barges of coal from Pittsburg to go
down the river without having a very good pilot
I suppose. Mr. Roberts, the United States
engineer now in charge of the Ohio river, came
before the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and I had a conversation with
him. I learned from him that a steamboat
with her barges loaded with coal will occupy
a front of one hundred and forty feet. The in-
formation in this report is that they occupy
one hundred and twenty-five feet. Cut take
it the one or the other, I ask whether, with
skillful- pilotage, such a raft might not be got
through a span of three hundred feet without
accident, under ordinary circumstances? Tho
thing is palpable, or ought to be palpable, to
the judgment of every man. But 1 asked Mr.
Roberts further whether it was necessary to the
safe navigation of the river, or to the conven-
ience even of those engaged in it, that those
rafts or boats should be so wide, and he said
no. I asked him if it was not easy for them to
adapt themselves to the three hundred feet
span, and he said it was. Because it would be
more convenient for a few coal boatmen living
at Pittsburg, who are careless and reckless,
and whose boats lie scattered at all times all
along the Ohio river wherever there is a shoal
or a dangerous place, to save them a little ef-
fort of rigging their boats together in a differ-
ent way, this great evil to those whom I repre-
sent is to be incurred.
It appears to me that the object to be attained
by this measure does not warrant subjecting us
to so great an expense. If the Senator from
Indiana chooses to except my part of the river
from the operation of his bill I have nothing
more to say except in reference to what I con-
sider the folly and the danger of constructing
a span of five hundred feet. Say as you will,
put all the science you can on it, put all the
skill in construction you can on it, increase
the weight of your material as much as it will
possibly bear, and yet it must stand evident to
every one that it must be dangerous for a roll-
ing train, impelled by an engine composed of
different pieces, that is, of different cars and
the engine, to cross any bridge of an elevation
of ninety feet with a five hundred feet span.
Let me read a little further from this report:
"The joint committee on theregimenof theriver,
on the foundations and piers, and on the superstruc-
ture, discussed the alternate proviso of the law in
regard to the length of the spans across the main
channel, and unanimously agreed that it was inad-
visable to adopt the span of live hundred feet clear
opening, on account of the difficulty of procuring
suitable materials of the proper form, size, and woik-
mansliip required to meet the extraordinary strains
to which some of the members of the truss would bo
subjected; the increased hazard of its construction
and maintenance; the large additional cost of the
whole structure by the use of the long span, and
because the necessities of this case do not require the
use of one of such great length, for which there is no
engineering precedent."
Under all these circumstances, having acted
under the faith of the law provided under the
circumstances this law was, we are now called
upon to build our bridges against our own
will, against our own convictions of a length
of span which is said here, almost in so many
words, to be dangerous, and of which it is said
there is no engineering precedent. Let me
read a little further:
" The report gives the dimensions of a number of
steamboats, varying from two hundred and thirty-
five feet length over all, by sixty-one feet breadth of
beam over all, to the Great Kepublic, the largest
steamer afloat on the western rivers, which meas-
ures three bundled and thirty-sis feet length over
all, by ninety-six feet breadth of beam, and proceeds
as follows:
" 'The principal spans, as determined bytlielaw of
Congress, arc established at either fivehundred feet,
or three hundred and fifty feet; now a comparison of
the foregoing data with these lengths of span shows
that the largest boat on the river would not occupy
one quarter of the width of even the smallest span
allowed by law, or with a tow of barges, less than
one half the width.
" 'We think there can hardly bo a doubt in the mind
of any intelligent man. but that the span of three
hundred and fifty feet is abundantly large to enable
a free and unrestricted passage at all times.'"
I wish the Senate particularly to consider
what is the object to be attained by this measure
andwhatis the injury to bedone. The objectto
be attained is a very uncertain one. We have
some practical knowledge of a bridge of three
hundred feet span. The bridge at Steubenville,
on the line now of the Pennsylvania Central
railroad, connecting with Columbus and other
places West, has been built, and has a three
hundred feet span. A great outcry has been
made about tho damage done at that bridge.
No steamboat has ever struck on that bridge.
A few coal boats have been wrecked there, not
exceeding fifteen in all. It is ascertaine a
approaching the bridge from above the
appears to deflect, when in-fact it goes straight
