1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
agents who were to administer the laws—and
that it was calculated for all Administrations,
for all species of politics; as a measure that
would be equally beneficial to Democrats in
Democratic times as to Republicans in Repub-
lican times; because it was supposed^ by the
committee to be a measure which had in it the
inherent merit of restoring what 1 have said
was the true constitutional equipoise of right
and power between these Departments of the
the Government.
The tenure-of-office bill, therefore, provided
merely that that class of officers_ who by the
Constitution or the laws were required to be ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, should hold their
offices by a tenure resting upon the same stable
foundation ; that they, having been once agreed
upon and appointed, should continue to exer-
cise their functions until some new men selected
in the same constitutional method should be
chosen to supplant them. I submit, then, to
my friend from Massachusetts, to his good
sense, to his constitutional learning, whether
he has not taken a somewhat too narrow view
of the scope of that act.
Mr. President, that being the tenure-of-office
bill, it would be true, as has been said by my
friend from New Jersey, that if we adopt the
proposition contained in this bill these me-
chanics will be brought within the operation
of the tenure-of office l.iv, and not oneof them
can be removed or suspended or dismissed
otherwise than in conformity to its provisions;
and therefore, ifthe Secretary of the Navy finds
that he has employed at any one of our naval
stations a ropemaker or a boatbuilder, or a
boilermaker, or whatever he may be—a painter
even, which I suppose does not mean a Ra-
phael, but a man with a somewhat larger brush
—he must appeal to us to decide whether it is
fit that he should be displaced and a man
with a fresh brush and a new pot of paint be
brought iu.
It appears to me that my friend from Mary-
land stated the case pretty truly when he said
that it would load the Senate with a docket
exceeding that which has so troubled the Su-
preme Court; and I will add that it might lead
us to a line of decision somewhat more repre-
hensible, if it be possible to say so, than that
which the Supreme Court at some stages of its
existence has fallen into. I hope that we
shall not agree to let this provision stand, but
shall concur with the committee in striking it
out.
Mr. WILSON. Is it in order to move to
amend this proviso before the question is taken
on striking it out?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is iu
order.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend it so that
it will read :
Provided, Tlint the persons employed at tho sev-
eral navy-yards to superintend the mechanical de-
partments, and herotoforcknowu as master mechan-
ics, master carpenterb, master joiners, master black-
smiths, master boilermaker#, master snilmakers,
master plumbers, master painters, master calkers,
master masons, master boatbuilders, master spar-
makers, and master blockmakers, sballbemen skilled
in their several duties, and appointed frpin civil life,
and shall not be appointed from .the officers of the
Navy.
I propose to say nothing in regard to the
civil engineer and naval storekeeper and the
superintendents of rope-walks. I do not care
about the President appointing them or t.lie
Senate confirming them ; but I do object to put-
ting naval officers over mechanics in these sev-
eral departments any way. They are not fit
for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why should not a car-
penter in the Navy be put over carpenters?
Mr. WILSON. I am against putting naval
officers to superintend mechanics in our navy-
yards or anywhere else. T do not want to take
men brought up over old salts, with their
manners and their habits and their general
insolence, and put them over a body of men,
many of them quite as intelligent as they are,
and in every sense of the word their equals;
and therefore I move this amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be reported.
The Secretary. It is proposed to amend
the proviso in the eightieth and eigbty-first
lines by striking out the words "civil engi-
neer and naval storekeeper at the several yards,
and that the;" and also in lines eighty-nine
and ninety by striking out the words, "and
the superintendents of rope-walks shall be
appointed by the President by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on striking out the proviso as
amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not aware of any
law which provides for the appointment of a
master carpenter or a master sailmaker or any
of those persons who are there enumerated.
There is no law whatever providing for it that
I am aware of; but it is the custom, of course,
in these navy-yards, to have somebody to sup-
erintend, that is, to be the head man over
these different kinds of work, and he receives
more pay and he has got to be called the ' 'mas-
ter" carpenter or painter or sailmaker. Now,
what is the effect of this provision ? If the
Secretary of the Navy does not choose to have
these men all he has to do is not to appoint
them, and the Senate accomplishes nothing by
the provision. You say if he does appoint any-
body as master carpenter he shall not be any-
body connected with the Navy; that is to say,
if you have an officer who occupies that po-
sition in the Navy, and by looking at the Navy
Register you will see quite a list of them; I
do not know whether they call them ship-car-
penters or ship-joiners, but if there is one of
them who has nothing to do particularly the
Secretary of the Navy shall not put him over
the men who are at work in a navy-yard, no
matter what may be his capacity, no matter
whether he is to be idle or not; but you must
go outside of the Navy and find somebody else
to bring in there and put over the workmen.
Is that eeonomj7 ? We talk a great deal about
economy now-a-days. Is it an abuse, is it an
outrage upon the workmen employed in a
navy-yard that a man who has been employed
in the Navy, of their own trade, brought up as
they are, with all his experience, should be
the head man ? But, here you provide that yon
must go outside. That is the effect of it, and
nothing else.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ Mr. President, I think
the condition of the business in our navy-yards
is such as ought to excite the most profound
anxiety of every citizen. I am sure every year
since I have been in the Senate, now five years,
it has been reported here, upon personal ob-
servation, that the yards are getting into a
worse condii ion than they were the year before.
Every year, to the best of ray recollection, that
has been the report; and I was very much con-
cerned about it each time that the statement
was made. But I never entirely surrendered
myself to despair until I heard the distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumxi;h] just
now say that, upon his own personal observa-
tion, the business was not at all well conducted,
and was getting worse and worse every day;
that the good men of the country had all been
turned out, aud all the bad men had been put
in ; and now the machinery was in the worst
possible condition in the navy-yards according
to his own observation.
I do not know anything that would be much
more amusing than to see the Senator from
Massachusetts go through a workshop and un-
dertake to criticise the workmen. I should
like to see liim make a personal observation
of a boiler when the hard-fisted and iron-
muscled man was making it. I should like to
see the Senator from Massachusetts standing
beside him, with his benevolent countenance
and cultivated intelligence, judging whether
the rivets were being put in in proper style,
and whether the metal that was being used
was such as ought to be used. When his judg-
ment would be brought to bear on a question
like that there could be no doubt about the suf-
ficiency of the machinery afterwards. When
the superintending blacksmith was seeing to
the structure of the cables, and the rope men
of the ropes, and the painters were painting the
work, and the calkers were calking the vessel,
then the Senator from Massachusetts would
bring his judgment to bear upon all that; and
if he decided that it was being welt done, then
all patriots might dismiss all concern from their
minds for the future. [Laughter.]
1 should like to see the Senator from Massa-
chusetts passing his opinion upon the black-
smith. The blacksmith is doing the best he
knows how ; but the Senator from Massachu-
setts, taking a view of the proceeding, decides
that we are fast going in the backward track in
machinery, especially iron machinery andiron
structures. I suppose he could tell at a glance
whether a chain of particular dimensions, and
made out of a particular quality of iron, would
be sufficient to hold a vessel to its moorings or
not. I suppose he could tell a machinist at
once whether the iron that came from Lake
Superior or that which came from the Iron
Mountain in Missouri was the better calcu-
lated to make chains out of. No doubt he is
competent to judge of all these things, for he
tells us, upon his own personal observation,
that the good men, the qualified machinists
have been dismissed, and bad men have been
brought in.
Now, ifthe Senator will not take it at all as
offensive, I wdl say that in my humble judg-
ment he has acquired so much knowledge upon
everything else in the world except machinery,
that his judgment is not worth a groat upon
any question of that kind. [Laughter.] Itis
impossible, in my humble judgment, though,
perhaps, I cannot judge of the capacity of other
gentlemen, for one man to know everything.
We know that the Senator from Massachusetts
does know nearly everything; that in all the
field of law, national and municipal, in the
field of science, of philosophy, and especially
of literature, what he does not know is scarcely
worth laboring after, [laughter;] and, there-
fore, he will excuse one standing at so humble
a distance from him as myself in expressing
some doubt whether, when he goes into a ma-
chine shop, he can form the very best opinion
upon the questions that may arise there.
What right has the Senator here in the Sen-
ate to say that the men who are now managing
these navy-yards are not skilled in their busi-
ness ? What right has he to say that they are not
honest men? As a Senator he stands very high
above them. They are very humble men. They
cameup, many of them, from the humble walks
of life. Their paths have never been cheered
by the lights of learning. But still they and
their families take a great pride in their good
name. Their position as machinists to them
is as dear as the position of the Senator as a
Senator. What right has he to blacken their
names here, humble as they are, unobtrusive
as they may be? What right has he to say that
as machinists they are not skilled, and that as
men they are not honest ? \\ hen a man in the
Senate says that somebody else who occupies
a responsible position to the Government is
dishonest I think he ought to be ready to
prove it. because he then makes a question be-
tween himself and that humble individual who
is pursuing his avocation as he thinks properly
to society.
The Senator said that the machinery was all
getting wrong : I cannot give his language——
Mr. SUMNER. .The Senator will not at-
tribute to me what I did not say. Of course,
I never undertook to say whether they were
honest or not. I said nothing on that subject;
and I do not know that I said anything as to
whether they were skilled or not. I said there
had been changes made under malignant polit-
ical influences which were not for the better,
and that good men had been displaced. _
Mr. HENDRICKS. And bad men appointed,
and, from your own observation, it was not
