4202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
on. It is only an act of time for these raft-
men to become acquainted with it, and they
can go through that just as well as if it had
a five hundred feet span. That is the whole
mystery of the Steubenville bridge. That is
the whole injury that has been accomplished
thus far. As I said before, and as anybody
traveling on the upper Ohio will know, these
coal boatmen have a sort of faculty of running
their boats aground. In fact they are steered
with difficulty. _ They have an oar sticking out
at the stern, which they call a steering oar, but
the vessel could not very well get around a few
feet without the use of a long sweep at the bow.
They are generally square at both ends, with a
flat bottom, and such a thing as steering them
would not be attempted perhaps anywhere
else.
I asked this engineer from Pittsburg, who
came here to represent, as I understood, the
interest of Pittsburg, although he was in the
employ of the Government of the United States
in charge of the improvements going on upon
the Ohio river, how these coal barges were built.
I asked him if they could not be made to steer
better, and he confessed that they could. So
it seems that even if this is the evil that is to
be guarded against, if it is simply to let these
coal barges down without unlashing their boats
or without lashing them properly before they
start, even that can be avoided, because if they
can get steering-way on them it is certainly
possible for them to pass this bridge without
injury. This bill, 1 see, requires that the
channel shall run in astraight linefor one thou-
sand feet before it approaches the bridge, and
that the piers of the bridge shall be built paral-
lel with the channel; and such is the former
law. Well, sir, with a great wind we know that
even steamboats themselves cannot navigate
well; but in ordinary circumstances it appears
to me thata fleet of coal boats with a steamboat
in the center of the breadth stated as the maxi-
mum by Mr. Koberts, one hundred and forty-
two feet, can, without injury, be got through a
span of three hundred feet.
We had before the Senate a year or two ago
the case of the Clinton bridge across the Mis-
sissippi. That bridge had been built before
the passage of the bridge law. It is a draw-
bridge, and the opening between the pivot of
the draw and the pier is a great deal less than
three hundred feet. Efforts were made to
prove that that was a most dangerous place,
but the evidence brought before the committee
fully disproved that assertion, although it was
stated that the channel above, owing to a point
of land, which I suppose could be removed,
was curved ; and yet a rigid account kept of
all the accidents at that bridge showed that
what had occurred were the result of careless-
ness of the parties or certain circumstances
that were unavoidable; as, for instance, on a
dark, foggy morning some boats attempted to
pass the bridge from above, and they were
injured; but the damage was not extensive.
Now, sir, I ask Senators to reflect that what
is possible elsewhere will be possible ou the
Ohio river. I ask them also to reflect that at
the ordinary stage of water it is exceedingly
doubtful to my mind whether there is in the
Ohio river, that is in the coal-boat stage, any
natural channel over three hundred feet; and
why five hundred feet is required to strike the
channel thoy must keep is more than I can
imagine. In several of the dangerous places
on that river, the shoal places, where boats are
compelled to go through a much narrower
space than three hundred feet, they do it a
great part of the time, but by carelessness
sometimes run their boats ashore. I do not
believe the danger from a two hundred feet
span bridge would be as great to these coal
boats as the natural obstructions to the river
now at the stage of water in which they use it.
Mr. President, I think I am all alone in this
matter. I do not know anybody that possesses
the same interest in it. I do not know that I
have even the sympathy of any others with
me; but I think the case is one of great injus-
tice toward these bridges. I shall offer an
amendment to the effect, at least, that these,
bridges shall be exempt; that so much of the
Ohio river as is above the Little Kanawha,
immediately above which is the first bridge
that is constructing, be excluded from the oper-
ations of this bill.
Mr. MORTON. I confess no little surprise
at the statement which has been made by the
honorable Senator from West Virginia. In
the first place, I am surprised that he has read,
not from an official report, but a report of a
number of engineers collected in the interest
of what was called the Boomer Company, of
Chicago. There were companies competing
for the right to build a bridge across the Mis-
sissippi river at St. Louis. One was called
the Eads Company, proposing to build a five
hundred feet span, and the other called the
Boomer Company, proposing to build a three
hundred feet span, and each company had
engineers in its own interest. The Senator
reads from the report of the Boomer Company
proposing to build a bridge with a three hun-
dred feet span. The Senator ought to know
that that report has been repudiated by the
Boomer Company itself; that that plan has
been abandoned; that the five hundred feet
span has been adopted ; that the Boomer Com-
pany has come in and consolidated with the
Eads Company on the five hundred feet span,
agreeing to build a bridge with one span of five
hundred feet, and the other two four hundred
and ninety-seven feet each. Only the other
day the Senate was called upon to pass a bill
authorizing the consolidation of those two com-
panies on the plan of the Eads bridge. The
same company that published this report he
reads from, repudiating that report, came for-
ward and accepted the other plan, and have
been consolidated with the other company by
an act of the Senate not more than five Says
old. Was not the Senator advised of that
when he read from that report, a partial report?
for if he will read the whole of it he will find
that they had not the Eads plan before them
at all.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The gentleman will
permit me to state that I read from the report
of twenty-five distinguished civil engineers.
In whose interest they made the report, I do
not know, and I do not care.
Mr. MORTON. They made the report sim-
ply on the plan submitted by Boomer, and the
same Boomer Company, abandoning that plan,
has been consolidated by Congress with the
other company, and now a new bridge is being
built with one span of five hundred feet, and
the other two spans of four hundred and nine-
seven feet. The Senator reads from this old
repudiated report.
Now, Mr. President, there is no opposition
to this measure, I believe, except on the part
of two railroad companies who want the privi-
lege of building two cheap bridges at the ex-
pense of the navigation of the Ohio river.
They are willing to imperil navigation for all
time to come, and make it costly for the sake
of building cheap bridges, and to save those
railroad companies a little expense. Why, sir,
it should make no difference if the expense
was twice, thrice, or four times what it is.
What is the increased expense of building a
long-span bridge compared with the interests
of commerce on that great river, second only
to the Mississippi; that commerce estimated
by the Treasury Department at over four hun-
dred millions annually; a trade almost equal
to our entire commerce with all the world
beside? And yet that is to be imperiled for the
purpose of enabling a couple of railroad com-
panies to build cheap bridges. They, no doubt,
expect these bridges to be pulled down, and
then that we shall rebuild them with long
spans, as we are now doir.g at Ilock Island,
where the Government is pulling down one
bridge for the purpose of building another.
I have no time to go over the evidence in this
case. I submitted to the Senate some weeks a°-o
the testimony of the Chamber of Commerce of
Cincinnati; I submitted the testimony of the
Chamber of Commerce of Pittsburg; I sub-
mitted the testimony of some sixty Ohio river
pilots with an average service of over twenty
years; I submitted the testimony of some four
hundred merchants in the city of Cincinnati
and of some five hundred merchants in Pitts-
burg, comprising nearly all the business men
of that city; I submitted the testimony of some
two or three hundred steamboat captains and
steamboat owners and men engaged in the man-
ufacture of salt and sending it down the river,
and men engaged in shipping eoal; I submitted
all testimony; I cannot read it over again. The
entire business population of the Ohio river val-
ley is on one side of this question, and stands
against the interest of a couple of railroad com-
panies who want the privilege of building cheap
bridges.
The Senator wants his two bridges, the one
at Parkersburg and the other at Bellair. Here
is this bridge at Steubenville. It was built at
first as an experiment. Time has shown, since
it was built, within the last three years, that it
is a nuisance and an obstruction to navigation.
It has already cost more to the interests of nav-
igation than the bridge itself cost. Then, if
you get two bridges of' the same kind that will
be double the obstruction ; three bridges will
be three times the obstruction, each one going
on until finally the navigation of the river is
destroyed. I submitted the testimony of forty-
two insurance companies of Cincinnati and
below there, showing that the building of these
bridges would increase the rates of insurance.
I submitted the testimony of the chief of the
Board of Underwriters at Pittsburg, represent-
ing all the insurance companies of that city,
saying they must increase the rates of insurance
on account of the existence of these bridges.
And yet, in the face of all this overwhelming
testimony, we are asked, for the sake of en-
abling two railroad companies to build cheap
bridges, that they shall be allowed to go on
and put up these bridges and obstruct the
navigation.
But the Senator from West Virginia says he
asked Colonel Roberts whether these tows, coal
boats and salt barges, could not adjust them-
selves to the bridges. Why, of course they
could. They could build the steamboats half
the size. They could employ canoes, and
adjust themselves in that way to all matters of
that sort.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I asked if the exist-
ing boats could not be adapted to the bridge,
and I have a letter here showing that it could
be done very easily.
Mr. MORTON. I will not reread what I
have read to the Senate once before. I have
here a number of affidavits from those engaged
in the coal business at Pittsburg, showing the
width of tows that are employed there. These
tows are on an average from one hundred and
twenty-five to two hundred and fifty feet. Here
is the testimony of T. & J. Watson, a coal
firm of Pittsburg. They say in reply to an
inquiry as to the regular width of the steamer
Ajax :
"Length of tow, six hundred feet; width twolmn-
dred and fifty feet; contents, three hundred and
thirty-six thousandbushelsof coal, oqunl to thirteen
thousand four hundred and forty tons;"
Or that which would take thirteen hundred
and forty-four railroad cars. I have other
evidence here showing that the transportation
of coal from Pittsburg to Cincinnati by the
Ohio river is a cent and a half per bushel, and
by railroad twenty-one cents and a quarter.
Let me refer to that to show how much differ-
ence there is in value in preserving this channel
of trade without injury :
eos7$r( 0™byriil$42,looa bushelsof eoal «ver
And so in regard to tlae salt and the iron.
Ihe navigation of the Ohio river is increasing
lrom year to year as the country develops,
ihe navigation of the Upper Mississippi is a
mere bagatelle compared with it now. The
lower Mississippi with all its tributaries has
greater navigation, because that of the Ohio is
a part of it, and this vast trade, which is equal
to the trade perhaps of all European rivers that
