2154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March ;2fc
going right. Certainly you did introduce your
own observation; and when the 'Senator did
observe what did he observe? He observed
that good men were out and bad men in ; and
yet upon that, with great deference, I think I
may venture to doubt his capacity to judge
whether a master machinist is a skillful man
or not.-
Mr.-President, this question was discussed a
year ago or more, and it was decided by the
judgment of the Senate that the proposition of
the Senator from Massachusetts then was not
right. He then insisted that these machinists
who depend for their position upon their skill,
upon their judgment, upon their science, should
cease to rely upon that, and should bo made to
depend upon political influence and political
power; that they should look to the politics
of the country for their avocation instead of
their skill and position as mechanics. The
Senate would not concur with him then, and
he insists upon it now.
Sir, upon this whole subject of wrong in the
navy-yards I have just this to say: I have
tried as diligently as I could to discharge my
duties as a member of the Committee on & aval
Affairs, and not a word of complaint, so i'ar
as I have heard, has come to that committee
against any of these shops, so far as the integrity
of the superintendents is concerned. The
workmen have not complained. I have not
heard anything said against them. The engi-
neers have sought to have their grade and
position in the Navy fixed and defined. Officers
in the Navy have soughtto have their positions
in the Navy regulated by law; but so far as
the management of the business in the navy-
yards by the practical machinists and workmen
is concerned, I have not heard any complaint.
My opinion is that the proposed change in the
law will be very inconvenient.
Mr. NYE. 1 do not propose to take up the
fight between my friend from Massachusetts
and the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is no fight.
Mr. NYE. But, sir, there is, at the present
time, if my investigations are worth anything,
great confusion in the management of the navy-
yards. There is a war going on between the
engineering department and those who belong
to the Navy proper—a strike for the ascend-
ancy ; and I suppose I shall not be guilty of a
breach of any rule that governs this body if I
say that we have before us in the Naval Com-
mittee a bill the object of which is to regulate
the management of the construction of ships
and repairs in the navv-yards generally. _ I do
not know that I myself should have the highest
confidence in the opinion of my friend on my
right [Mr. SumxicrJ in regard to proper me-
chanics and proper machinery for naval pur-
poses; but I should have quite as much confi-
dence in his opinion as I have in that of the
present Secretary of the Navy. I suppose that
he knows as much about mechanics as the pres-
ent Secretary of the Navy. During this great
struggle, potent as the Secretary of the Navy
is, the old battle-cry has not been raised, " The
sword of the Lord and of Gideon." [Laugh-
ter.]
The trouble is that there is no particular
head that knows wliatoughtto be done in these
navy-yards ; andthe object of the bill to which
I have alluded is to make a head who shall be
responsible, who knows what machinery is,
how much it ought to cost, how it ought to lie
made, when made, and where. _ In regard to
this one department of civil engineering, while
I have nothing but words of the highest com-
mendation for all those engaged in it, I think
the country will find that, if they are going to
get engineering adapted to the wants of the
Navy, the greatest power, the smallest space,
and the perfection of workmanship,_ they will
have to adopt the course that the British navy
long ago adopted, of going into the markets for
their engineering, instead ot relying upon any
Government engineer. In thatonething would
lie found a saving, in my judgment, of untold
millions in the remaining portion of our hves,
if we live to the ordinary age of men. I know
how liable these things are to run into clannish-
ness; and hence we see already a strike as
broad as the Navy and its whole Department
between the sailing portion, the professional
portion of the Navy, and the engineers. My
friend from Indiana well knows that our table
literally groans with documents from each side
upon that question.
Mr. HENDlilCKS. What question ?
Mr. NYE. Upon the question of the posi-
tion of engineers. We have one or two bills
now before us grading these engineers; and
there was laid on our tables a few days ago a
remonstrance against the promotion of the naval
officers to the neglect of the engineers.
Now, sir, in almost every navy-yard of im-
portance we have a large engine factory. There
is one at the navy-yard in this city, involving
an annual expense of not less than §1,000,000,
where in ordinary times there is no more use
for it than there is for any other article there
as an adornment.
I make these suggestions to show that there
is discontent and dissatisfaction in the Navy
itself in regard to the management of these
yards. I doubt, myself, whether the remedy
lies in the course proposed by this amendment.
I have serious doubts whether that will reach
the difficulty ; but 1 expect there will be a bill
reported from the committee of which my friend
from Indiana and myself are both members,
attempting to regulate the management of the
navy-yards so as to reduce them, or introduce
into them a system of economy and of wise
management that will very greatly decrease the
cost of their administration at the present time.
Belore the war—and I am not saying that
there existed no necessity for a change during
the war—wo had but one storekeeper in each
navy-yard; and now each bureau of the De-
partment has a storekeeper at each navy-yard.
1 think that could well be done away with to-
day. There would be no difficulty in a time
of peace in requiring that one storekeeper
should be sufficient for the whole service of a
yard. I think in that, respect there could be a
large saving in the expense of our navy-yards.
That is the object of the bill that I had the honor
to introduce some time ago, and which I pro-
pose to submit again to the consideration of
the Senate, so systematizing these navy-yards
that the highest grade of economy shall be re-
quired. It is not questioned whether the opin-
ion of my friend from Massachusetts or of my
friend from Indiana is good or not, that there
should be some one responsible head to de-
termine whether the work in the navy-yards is
well done or not.
I congratulate these laboring men that they
have so able an advocate on all occasions as
my distinguished friend from Indiana; and 1
have no doubt the laboring men of that State
will read with great pleasure his ready defense
of their interests on all occasions.
Mr. SUMNEll. I lind that the proposition
under discussion was in part adopted last year.
You will find it in the naval appropriation bill
approved March 2, 1807, as tollows :
Prowled, That tho civil engineer and naval store-
keeper, when required at any ot the inu y-yards,
shall be appointed by tho Piesident, byaud with the
advice and consent of tho Senate, and tho persons
employed at the several navy-ynids as master ma-
chinists, master earpentors, master joiners, master
blacksmiths, master boilermakers, master sailmnk-
ers, master plumbers, master painters, and master
calkers shall be men skilled in their several duties
and appointed Irotn civil life.
Now, this proviso which you find in the bill
of last year is substantially the same with that
in the present bill as amended on the motion
of my colleague. I think, under the circum-
stances, it would be better, or at any rate it
would be more in harmony with the policy that
has been pursued, if we took from the present
appointing power the control over these differ-
ent masters; and I say that I am moved to
that conclusion by what I know of navy-yards.
My friend from Indiana, I know, has no inten-
tion to carry anything I have said beyond its
natural meaning: but I know that he cannot
torture anything from my lips into any dispar-
agement of those who labor. 1 respect them
as much as he can. Always, where I am able, •
I stand by them; and it is now because I am
interested in labor, and because I desire to
stand by them, that I propose to shield them,
if possible, from that interference to which they
have been exposed through malignant political
influences. Such influences have shown them-
selves in the navy-yard at Boston. Whether
they came directly from the Secretary or not
I do not affirm; but they made themselves
manifest at that yard. Honest and true men
who have suffered from those influences have
come to me with their complaints.
Others in their neighborhood have testified
with regard to them. The Representative of
that district of Boston has had occasion to make
himself acquainted with those complaints, and
to feel keenly sometimes the wrongs that htive
been done. Men have been placed in office
there as the substitutes for good Union men
whose special recommendation was that they
sympathized with the recent policy of the head
of the Navy Department, representing the Pres-
ident of the United States. Good men were
obliged to give way under that influence. All
that is perfectly familiar to gentlemen in Bos-
ton and in the neighborhood. It has been the
subject of complaint; it has been recognized
all around as an existing abuse, and the only
question now is whether we shall undertake by
legislation to apply a remedy. It has seemed
to me, under the circumstances, especially con-
sidering the precedent of last year, that we
shall not err if we do legislatively apply the
remedy. But I do not wish to urge this. I
shall accept the vote of the Senate, whatever
it may be.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment striking out the pro-
viso as amended, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the proviso be re-
ported as it now stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, That tho persons employed at the sev-
eral navy-yards to superintend the mechanical
departments, and heretofore known as master me-
chanics, master carpenters, master joiners, master
blacksmiths, master boilermakeis, musterplumbers,
master painters, master calkers, master masons,
master boatbuilders, mastersparmakers, and master
bloukmakcrs, shall be men skilled in their several
duties, appointed from civil life, and shall not be ap-
pointed trom tile officers of the .N a vy.
Mr. CONKLING. I am in favor of striking
out these words, as the committee report. I wish,
however, to make one suggestion, in reply to a
lemark which fell from the honorable Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Fessdnde.v.] He said that if
the proviso, as amended on the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts, stood, it would still
be in the power of the Secretary of the Navy to
disregard or evade the provision by allowing
persons who are at the time officers in the Navy
to perforin these duties, by simply omitting to
make any appointments. I wish to call the
attention of the Senate and of the Senator
from Maine to ihe fact that the phraseology
would not tolerate such a latitude as that. It
does not imply fliaL these are to be officers, and
it does not require in those terms the Secre-
tary of the Navy to appoint such officers.
The requirement of the provision, if it is
adopted, is, that "the persons employed at
the several navy-yards to superintend the me-
chanical departments, and heretofore known"
| by these titles, "shall be men skilled in their
j several duties, and appointed from civil life,
and .shall not be appointed from the officers of
the Navy." So the Senate wili see, I think,
and the honoiabl-* Senator from Maine, upon
looking at the language as it stands now
amended, will agree with me, that it would be
obligatory, mandatory upon the Secretaiy, and
that the only way he could evade the statute,
as suggested, would be squarely to defy it, and
to detail, appoint, or permit (whatever the
phraseology might be) officers of the Navy to
perform a function which, according to the ex-
press language of this provision, must be per-
formed by persons from civil life, by whatever
official name or title they are to be known.
However, sir, with the conclusion of the Sug-
