1130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February'12,
5. Those who shall engage in the service of any
foreign belligerent, contrary to the provisions of the
neutrality laws of the United States.
6. Those who may connect themselves with anv
association m any foreign country whose organiza-
7. Those naturalized citizens who shall return to
the country of their birth with intent to resume a
domicile therein,which intent shall be presumed from
fX6/fe rS conlmuo.us residence in the native coun-
natPraIlzed citizen, or from the es-
tablishment of any business therein which renaires
his person^ attention, and which denotes an inten-
q mi remamin& a permanent resident.
8. ihose persons who have procured the evidence
ot naturalization by misrepresentation or fraud in
regard to residence or otherwise.
 • Those who have deserted from actual service in
•ft® Army or Navy of anyforeign State, orwho, owing
military service to their native country, have left it
to avoid a conscription actually ordered.
I also modify tlie fourth section so as to con-
form to that amendment.
Mr. Speaker,_ I move that amendment for
this reason: with the amendment I think I
can vote for the substitute; without it I can-
pot. It seems to me the substitute, adopted as
it stends, would give an opportunity to foreign
nations to question the validity of the certifi-
cate of naturalization given to those whom we
adopt as our citizens. It leaves a door open
for doubts and difficulties and questions upon
the certificate of naturalization. Although there
may be good reasons specified in some or each
of these propositions for exceptions for exclud-
ing an individual from the rights otherwise
guarantied, yet it seems to, me we ought not to
allow any foreign State to'raise any such ques-
tion upon the certificate of naturalization we
give to our citizens. That certificate, sir, ought
to import^nmo/aaeabsolute verity, and should
be respected by every nation upon the face of
the globe. The question whether the indi-
vidual has been naturalijed, and thereby is a
citizen, is the only material question. It is the
only question that ought to be considered or
permitted to be raised. All other questions
belong to our own internal policy and are
material to ourselves only. The citizen, when
he demands the protection of his Government,
should not be subject to trial for treason or
any other crime against the Government. If
charged with crime he is as much entitled to
the protection provided for by this substitute
as if he were not. Let him be protected and
then try him according to law. In this way
only can the .speedy and fair trial guaran-
tied by our Constitution be secured. Suppose
the citizen to be imprisoned in a foreign coun-
try, and on our demand for his discharge it be
alleged that he is guilty of some crime specified
in these exceptions, is it to be tolerafed that
he should be held in a foreign prison till he is
tried and acquitted? I repeat that no such
question should be permittee!. The fact of citi-
zenship of the United States alone should pro-
cure and secure protection. I trust, therefore,
the gentleman from Rhode Island will agree to
strike out all these exceptions from his substi-
tute.
Mr. JENCKES. If my substitute should be
adopted as the basis of legislation by this House
I certainly should cheerfully yield to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] to offer
any amendment which would make certain any
point which may be doubtful. It is not the
design of the bill to give any nation or any
agent or officer of any foreign nation the right
or power to question the genuineness or validity
of a certificate of naturalization.
Mr. BUTLER. I submit the following sub-
stitute for the pending bill, and move that it be
printed:
Whereas the Government of the United.States,
framed by a people made up wholly of colonists and
emigrants from other nations, by the very theory of
its composition declares the indefeasible right or all
men, when untainted by crime against the municipal
laws of their country at the time of their departure,
to expatriate themselves and to form new relations
of citizenship in other lands at will: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled. That under the Government and by the laws
of the United States it is declared a settled rule ot
public law that every citizen of any country not a fu-
gitive from its justice has an indefeasible right at will
to expatriate himself and absolve his allegiance to the
country of his birth; and when, under the laws of
the United States, any such citizen of a foreign Coun-
try has become a eitnsen of the United States he is
entitled to have all tho protection at home andabroad
which the Government can afford to any citizen
thereof; and it shall be given to every citizen until,
by removal from its territory with that purpose by a
like solemn act, he shall have renounced his alle-
giance to this Government.
Sec. 2. Whenever a citizen of the United States
shall be deprived of his liberty or despoiled of his
property in any foreign oountry by the act of the
Government thereof, he not being held for trial for,
or convicted of, a crime against the municipal laws
of such country for acts done therein, his release or
reparation for tho spoliation shall be demanded by
the President, and upon failure of compliance with
such demand by said Government, or reasons given
therefor satisfactory to the President, all diplomatic
and commercial intercourse between such country
and tho United States shall thereupon cease until
such citizen be released or reparation tendered; and
the President shall as early as possible communicate
all the facts in relation to tho deprivation of liberty
or spoliation of property of such citizen by such
Government and the reasons therefor to tho Congress
of the United States for its action.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRUYN. I offer the following amend-
ment to the substitute of the gentleman from
Rhode Island, and move that it be printed:
Additional paragraph to section two;
Fourth. By signing a declaration in writing re-
nouncing his citizenship, which shall be acknowl-
edged by him before a judge of any court of record
of the United States or of any State, or before a
notary public in any State; or if such person be
abroad, then beforo any diplomatic representative,
consul, vice consul, or consular agent of the United
States, and on tiling such certificate in the office of
the Secretary of State the porson named therein
shall thenceforth ccasc to bo a citizen of the United
States. The Secretary of State shall prepare such
forms and instructions us may bo necessary to carry
out this provision.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOYER. I give notice that at the
proper time I shall move to strike out all after
the first section of the substitute of the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island.
Mr. JENCKES. 1 yield now to the gentle-
man from Vermont.
Mr. W001>BR1DGE. Mr. Speaker, within
my own observation or experience no graver
question has ever been presented before the
American Congress than the one under con-
sideration. In whatever aspect we view it, one
of two results must inevitably follow, either suc-
cessful negotiation or a foreign war. It becomes
us, then, to consider it in view of the great
responsibility resting upon us, involving, as it
may, not only the future peace of our Republic,
but also the destiny of the present ruling nations
of Europe. It rises above party. It rises
above the making or unmaking of Presidents.
It assumes the proportions of a great national
question, enunciating the inherent right of ex-
patriation and the determination of our Govern-
ment to extend hereafter the same protection
of person and property to the naturalized and
native-born citizen. Europe, and more espe-
cially England, for many years, both as a mat-
ter of humanity and public policy, have stim-
ulated emigration by granting subsidy to indi-
vidual enterprise in that direction, and have
at various times discussed in Parliament the
propriety and necessity of making the plan of
emigration national—overburdened with taxes
and crowded with a population too large for her
eapacity of production, deportation became a
necessity, and the United States, with its free
institutions and vast extent of unoccupied and
fertile public lands, presented the greatest at-
traction. Our fathers foreseeing that our vast
territory must to a great extent be occupied by
those owing natural allegiance to foreign Pow-'
ers provided by law a plan whereby they could
divest themselves of that allegiance and be-
come subjects and citizens of the Republic.
Sir, the law by which we declare that under
certain regulations foreigners may acquire all
the rights of a native-born citizen, would seem
to imply that under similar or proper circum-
stances a native-born citizen of the United
States may expatriate himself and assume alle-
giance to a foreign Power. The judiciary of
the country, however, seem to have avoided
any authoritative expression upon this point,
and it is perhaps fair to admit that in the judi-
cial tribunal the common-law doctrine, that a
subject cannot expatriate himself without the i
sanction of the Government to which he owes
the allegiance of birth, is infereutially, at least,
maintained. That it has been may be a mat-
ter of some surprise, when we reflect that be-
fore a foreigner is admitted to the privileges of
a citizen he is required, under oath, to abjure
forever all fidelity and allegiance to every for-
eign prince, potentate, or sovereignty what-
ever; and more particularly all allegiance to
the sovereign to who® he owes the natural
allegiance which attaches to birth. It would
naturally be supposed that the laws regulating
naturalization were based upon the idea that a
subject can expatriate himself and fully and
forever throw off his natural allegiance. This
is undoubtedly the view of the most approved
writers upon public law. It is the doctrine of
Grotius, Puffendorf, Vattel, and many others;
and Cicero says that it is one of the firmest
foundations of Roman liberty that the Roman
citizen had the privilege to stay or renounce
his residence in the State at pleasure. The
proposition that once a citizen always a eitizen
is based upon the feudal systems under which
there were no free citizens. The subject wa3
born and chained to the soil as the vassal of a
lord or superior. He had no voice in the
direction of public affairs. Government, such
as it was, was not made for him or by him ;
he was made for the Government; Govern-
ment was cruclty and law was brute force;
manhood had no place, and the individual man
no personal rights; and it was from this source
and system that Blaekstone derived his idea of
indefeasible and perpetual allegiance to the
English Crown. And hence he says that it is a
principle of universal law that the natural-born
subject of one prince cannot by any act of his
own—no, not by swearing allegiance to another
—put off or discharge his natural allegiance to
the former, for this natural allegiance was in-
trinsic, and primitive, and antecedent to the
other, and cannot be divested without the con-
current act of that prince to whom it was first
due. Is such a doctrine based upon any true
philosophy? Is it in accord with the progress
and the civilization of the nineteenth century?
Is it consistent with our fundamental declara-
tion that all men are endowed with certain
inalienable rights, among which arfe life, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness ? What, sir,
does that comprehensive phrase, the "pursuit
of happiness," mean? Is it to be controlled by
the accident of birth ? Is it to be circumscribed
by certain defined limits of locomotion ? Does
it subject a man forever to an allegiance, cast
upon him by reason of the domicile of his parent,
to a Government under which the poor never
grow rich and the humble-born never rise?
Is it to bo obliged to uphold by life and limb
a Government which, by its customs or its
laws,^ disregards or tramples upon or neglects
the rights of even its humblest citizen? By no
means, sir. And yet, if the common-law doc-
trine of the right of expatriation is sustained,
such are the trammels imposed upon our re-
publican idea that the-pursuit of happiness,
which includes the entire well-doing and well-
being of man, is an inalienable right. The
theory of our Government, sir, is that all men
are created free and equal: and the foundation
of our Republic is laid in that great principle,
which underlies all true manhood, that in strict
subjection to enlightened and just law every
„man shall be protected in all his natural rights
and enjoy the fun and free exercise of that
conscience which is a part of God within the
human soul. In Europe such an idea is not
recognized, or, if recognized, is not accepted.
Ihere man is made for the Government, not
Government for man. Here the power is in
and of the people, and the Government is made
by them and for them. Our institutions are
free and invite the people of all nations to come
and enjoy them with us, and prescribes the reg-
ulations under which they may become citizens
of the Republic. Now, sir, the obligations of
the citizen and the Government are reciprocal.
I he subject abandons that to which he is en-
titled when free from the restraints of an organ-
ized society. He no longer protects himself
