3178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I would also inquire in
regard to James \V. Tyrrell, of Jackson county,
North Carolina, whose petition I presented
the other day. I move that those names be
inserted.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to know who
those persons are, and whether due inquiry
has been made _ in regard to them, what their
position and opinions are. I do not mean now
what are called mere political opinions, but
how far they are prepared to forget their former
offenses. 1 should like to hear something about
them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
_ Mr. CONNESS. If we can get no informa-
tion as to these^ names, I for one shall vote
against the bill if they are inserted, because I
will not vote to remove the disabilities from
any man unless his case has been examined
sufficiently to give us a guarantee for his obey-
ing the law and keeping the peace in the future.
I shall oppose the bill in all its stages unless we
have that guarantee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I presented the petition
of Mr. Keener, and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. The facts set out in
the petition are no doubt correct. I have
received a letter from him, in which he makes
a statement in relation to himself. He says in
his letter to me:
" In addition to the facts stated in the petition, you
may say truly that I have not at any time thrown
any obstacle in tho way of reconstruction under the
law. As a member ot tfieLegislature ot North Caro-
lina since the rebellion, in 1865,1 gave my support to
tlio most liberal legislation lor the freedmen ot this
State. It is due to truth and candor to state that I
was opposed to the present constitution of North
Carolina. Should you leel any delicacy in asking
pardon tor a so-called rebel, you wiUbe kind enough
to hand this petition to some other person who has
not."
The petition is in the hands of the Judiciary
Committee, and I supposed tho committee
would act upon it. He does not state in liis
letter to me what part he took in the rebel-
lion. If the Senator from Nevada will send
for the petition he can ascertain the facts.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senator if he
knows anything personally about this ease.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not, except from
the letters I have received; and how are we to
act on these cases'? Here eome before the
Senate two or three hundred names.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator know
the parties who wrote the letters?
Air. DOOLITTLE. This is the letter 1 re-
ceived from the gentleman himself.
Mr. POMEROY. Do you know him?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 do not personally
know him, but I felt called upon to present
the petition.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will
send up the letter to be read at the desk. I
have not heard a word of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the amendment
will be withdrawn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not propose to
withdraw it unless there is some good reason
for withdrawing it. This gentleman I suppose
is like the other gentlemen who are named in
this bill, men who have at some time given
their support directly or indirectly to the rebel-
lion while the thing was progressing; but now
that it is over, and that there is a proposition
that disabilities be removed, these gentlemen
ask that their disabilities may be removed.
Mr. Terrell says that he was opposed to the
constitution framed for North Carolina by the
convention of 1868, "but should it be finally
adopted I expect to make a quiet and peace-
able citizen under it. In the late election in
this State my name was placed on the ticket
for county commissioner without my knowl-
edge, and I was elected. It is true this is a
very small office, hut I think it of some local
importance that I be permitted to hold it.
Besides, whether I ever seek ofiice or not, [
would of course prefer freedom from disabili-
ties." This is signed by James W. Terrell,
who has been elected county commissioner.
Mr. STEWART. I have sent l'or tho peti
tions in these cases, and I find that they are
signed by the petitioners alone, and I came
across no one who could give me any inform-
ation in regard to them. I could get no
further information than was in the petitions
of the parties themselves. The cases may be
all right, hut I should not like to act affirm-
atively on their own mere statement.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would suggest to the
Senator from Nevada that, so far as I have
observed, the Committee on the Judiciary have
desired to restore the men elected to office as
| far as possible. The last person named seems
to have been elected to the office of county
commissioner.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With tho leave of the
Senate 1 will read what the petitioner states,
and I think it will be satisfactory to the Senate:
Wkissteu, Jack so:, County, North Carolina,
May 25.1868.
To the Honorable the Senate and
House of Representatives in Congress ass&iiblcd:
The petition of James W. Terrell respectfully
showeth that he was appointed postmaster at the
sm-j.ll coimtv office of Qualla Town, in the countv of
llaywood. in the fall of 1852, and held th.it position
until the breaking out of hostilities in 1881; that by
participation in the rebellion as a captain in the
confederate army ho falls within the restrictions of
tho proposed fourteenth article to the Constitution
of the United States: and your petitioner fuitber
showeth that at tho lateclection in thisStatehc was
elected county commissioner for the county of Jack-
son. lie therefore respectlully asks that your hon-
orable body remove tho disability in his ease so as to
allow him to take the position to which he has been
elccted; and, as in duty bound, your petitioner will
ever pray. JAMES W. TERIieLL.
I have no doubt that is the state of the fact.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, if the Senator will
I permit me-  
i Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow rae to read also
i the petition of the other party, and then the
j whole facts will be presented to the Senate:
j Wkbstek, Jackson- County, North Carolina,
j Mrq/ 25, IStjS.
I To the Honorable the Senate and
Ilovse of" Representatives in Congress nsipmhted:
i The petition of Joseph Keenerrespeetfully showeth
j that he was from the year 1838 to 1844 a member of
tho Legislature of North Carolina,, and that during
I tho war of the rebellion, although above the ns o of
bearing arms, he sympathized with the confederate
army, and was also during the war a member of the
North Carolina Legislature, which bring: him under
the restrictions of the Howard amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. Your petitioner
further slioweth that he was, at the late election ill
North Carolina, elccted to the lower IIouso of the
Legislature. IIo therefore prays your honorable
body to remove his disability, so as to allow him to
take his seat in that body to which lie has been
elected; and, as in duty bound, your petitioner will
ever pray. J. KEENER.
Those are the papers which I received and
had referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, Mr. President, I
have simply to say in regard to these cases that
I am prepared to vote at any time to remove
the disability from any of those citizens who
have been engaged in the rebellion when it
shall appear, outside of their own testimony,
and in addition to it, that they were not guilty
of cruelties and violations of the laws of war
and of civilization pending the war, and when
it shall be shown in addition that they are now
prepared in good faith to "accept the situa-
tion," not to aeceptit and fight it, but to accept
it and become peaceable residents and citizens
of the United States. We are dealing with
persons who voluntarily disfranchised them-
selves, made themselves alien to our country
and its institutions. I am prepared, notwith-
standing, to deal liberally and generously with
that portion of them who did not commit un-
natural crimes, who did not violate the laws of
war and humanity, and who are now prepared
to act in good faith toward the nation and its
people ; but I desire other than their own tes-
! timony as to that point. Since 1 have been
i here, and since the termination of tho war, I
! have had many such letters from persons known
to me, some of whom left the State of which I
am a resident and went to participate in «he ,
war, and did take part in it; but their letters
were of such a character, while they were seek-
ing pardon and exemption from disabilities,
that I could not present tlieui, nor ask for such
I relief for them. In no instance have I had a
letter that did not give evidence of the pride of
opinion and of section and of faction that led
to the war.
Mr. President, the business upon which we
are entering this morning, if we pass this bill
as proposed by the member of ihe Judiciary
Committee, carries with it a great many risks
at best. We are sure to readmit to the rights
and privilges of citizenship many who are
not fit for them. We are bound, it appears to
me, to exercise peculiar care. 1 am not pre-
pared to relieve the disabilities of any person
upon his own petition. Let those petitions be
referred to the Judiciary Committee. Let
them investigate through the best means in
their power, and ascertain %vho the parties are,
what their antecedents are. I will not now be
understood, again I say, as referring to polit-
ical opinions, because if a man has not the'
right to disagree to propositions submitted to
him I do not know any other right that he
can be said to have; but I wish that his .patri-
otism, his disposition to behave well in future,
shall be tried and established. Therefore I
hope that we shall not agree to the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin,
but that those names will be referred to the
committee and acted upon in the future, if found
to be worthy of such action.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I shall vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin, and as my vote is governed by tha gen-
eral view which I entertain with regard to
the duty of Congress in cases of this kind I
desire to state it now very briefly, so as to
avoid the necessity of stating it again. I
think it is safer for society, I think it is safer
for the peace of the country, North and
South, that all political disabilities which have
grown out of this rebellion should cease. I
would prefer a general law to that effect. But
while no such general law is upon the statute-
book, if any citizen now laboring under those
disabilities makes respectful application to Con-
gress for their removal, I will vote to grant the
prayer of his petition, because I believe it is
better for those communities that persons labor-
ing under these disabilities should be able by
their votes, and as members of the Legislatures
of those States, to make known their wants aud
feelings, than that they should be kept adiscon-
tented, sullen class in society, and their dis-
abilities thus remain simply a source of evil.
1 think a true policy requires the same prin-
ciple to be adopted with regard to them that
I would apply to other adult citizens who may
have what, some would consider disqualifica-
tions for the exercise of the elective franchise,
but to whom the extension of that franchise is
safer than its denial. The general principle
applies, in my judgment, to all alike.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin to the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. CONNESS. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will simply state the
fact which is stated in their petitions; one of
these persons is elected a county commissioner,
and one is elected a member of the Legisla-
ture. They both set out this fact in their peti-
tion, and ask to have the disabilities removed.
There are hundreds of names contained in the
bill, as reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary^ but I presume the Committee on the
Judiciary have had no opportunity to inquire
into the particulars in relation to these per-
sons, except the fact that they have been elected,
perhaps, to office in the State of North Caro-
lina, and it is desirable that this disability
should be removed, so that they can accept
the offices to which they are elected.
Mr. STEWART. 1 will inform the Senator
that, in regard to all of them, I have seen
somebody who knew them, or received letters
from persons whom I knew, and who were
known to Senators, with regard to the facts.
The name of no man is inserted without being
vouched for by somebody who kuows him.
