1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1331
by natural law, which is simply the law of
force, but yields fealty, allegiance, obedience
to an organized Government. Then the faith
andhonor of the State are pledged to his pro-
tection. Sir, wherein are the obligations of a
naturalized citizen less or different than the
obligations of a native-bofa citizen? Are they
not the same? Is not ea6E equally bound by
his oath to regard the law and support and
defend the Constitution? Then, sir, if the
obligations are the same, wherein does the
duty of the Government to each differ? Cer-
tainly nowhere. We cannot plead difference
in obligation. We can only plead nonpossumus
in view of the old feudal doctrine stated by
Blackstone and adopted as a part of the com-
mon law of England, that once a citizen by
the accident of birth expatriation under any
circumstances less than the consent of the sov-
ereign is an impossibility. The doctrine, sir,
is not only at war with the theory of our insti-
tutions, but is equally at war with every prin-
ciple of justice and of sound public law.
I am aware, sir, that we are about taking a
step which may involve us in difficulty with
European Powers. It is to be hoped that our
position will be accepted. If not, sir, we must
take the consequences. Personal death is
better than personal dishonor. War is better
than national dishonor.
We are told in the able and exhaustive report
fresented by the chairman of the Committee on
'oreign Affairs [Mr. Banks] that about three
fifths of our people are of foreign descent. They
with the native born have fought for the honor
of our flag; they with the native born have
preserved their country and our country; their
bones lie mingled in the soil of every battle-
field of the rebellion. Ireland, with a people
as brave, as patriotic, as patient, and as op-
pressed as any nation of Europe, looking to us
as an example and demanding the recognition
of rights which she deems to be justly hers, has
the sympathy of thousands of her gallant sons
in our country. For the expression of that
sympathy within our jurisdiction England ar-
rests and imprisons them, for having violated
their natural and indefeasible allegiance; and
upon the same principle, if hereafter through
war we shall be obliged to teach our arrogant
mother another lesson, every patriotic Irish-
man who will then stand, as he already has
stood, by the flag of his adopted country, will,
if captured, commit the crime of treason, and
be liable to be hanged upon an English gibbet.
Sir, it is high time that we assert calmly
but firmly and in unmistakable terms the true
doctrine of public law, that this Republic will
at any and every hazard render to the natural-
ized citizen the same rights and the same pro-
tection that it does to the native born.
We can pursue no other course if wa adhere
to the accepted principles upon which our
Government was established; and it is to be
hoped that the enlightened nations of Europe,
conceding that.we plant ourselves upon recog-
nized public law, upon abstract justice, and
npon a necessity arising as well from the con-
dition of our society as the theory of our Gov-
ernment, will readily yield their old feudal relic
to our reasonable demand. The question, it
must be admitted, is involved in difficulty, for
it trenches upon both the custom and the preju-
dice of Europe. Andyetthe time seems to have
arrived when, by positive enactments, the doc-
trine which we have long asserted, and respecting
which so much skilled and politic diplomacy
has been exhausted, should be enunciated and
firmly adhered to.
The first provision in the bill reported by the
honorable chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs [Mr. Baxks] is a manly and firm
declaration of our position; but, sir, the sen-
tence immediately succeeding seems to me to
paralyze its force. The declaration of the prin-
ciple of "public law" would seem to amount
to nothing but a guide to the Executive to se-
cure by negotiation what we demand as a right.
Why, sir, the claim is not a new one. It has
been a subject of diplomacy with almost every
Administration since the foundation of our Gov-
ernment. No one can have forgotten the cele-
brated papers of Webster and Marcy; each
claiming this to be the true principle of public
law which the United States could not yield.
And Mr. Reward, in his letter to our minis-
ter at Prussia, respecting the arrest of natives
of Prussia who had sworn allegiance to our
Government upon a temporary visit to their
native country, on account of their liability to
military service, says that the United States
have accepted and established a Government
upon the principle of the rights of men who
have committed no crime to choose the State
in which they will live and to incorporate them-
selves as members of that State and to enjoy
henceforth its privileges and benefits, among
which is included protection. This principle
is recommended by sentiments of humanity and
abstract justice. It is a principle which we
cannot waive. So that, Mr. Speaker, it seems
to ine the first section, down to the proviso,
amounts to nothing definite. It neutralizes
itself and leaves us in regard to this very im-
portant question precisely where we now stand.
The second section, which provides that in
case any naturalized person is arrested and
detained by any foreign Government in con-
travention of the intent and purpose of the act,
and whose release upon demand shall have been
unreasonably delayed or refused, the President
"of the United States shall arrest any citizen or
subject of such foreign Government, and as
soon as may be report the facts to Congress,
&e. I am opposed to this provision, sir, upon
two grounds. The system of hostages in time
of peace is against modern civilization and
modern international law. It is at best an
unnatural and barbarous system, and can only
be justified to meet the exigencies of war.
Again, the provision commits too much power
to the Executive. It authorizes him todothat
which is in and of itself casus belli. In fact,
it incidentally delegates to the President the
power vested in Congress alone by the Con-
stitution. Of the various propositions which
have been submitted to the House, that of the
gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes]
is preferable. It announces in the first section
the old Pnoman law as to the right of expatria-
tion. The second section is in accordance with
the code of Napoleon as to the manner in which
a citizen may lose his national character. The
third section asserts what we claim to be the
public law, to wit: that when a foreigner has
thrown off his natural allegiance by assuming,
under the forms of law, an allegiance to our
Government he shall receive as to his person
and property every protection which we can
lawfully afford to a native-born citizen. Thus
the question is met fairly and squarely without
advancing any new claim or doctrine, but giv-
ing to what we have always insisted upon, the
force and moral effect of defined and public
law.
The bill provides that the Executive shall
not interfere in behalf of certain excepted
classes of persons. Most of these naturally
suggest themselves upon the ground of national
comity. The second excepted class, namely,
those who may be guilty of any crime against
the laws of any foreign State committed within
its jurisdiction, has a more direct bearing upon
our German citizens; but I can hardly see how
we can avoid making the exception. Prussia
has a naturalization law, and we would hardly-
admit that if an American citizen had left our
country with a crime resting upon him and
after having been naturalized there should re-
turn he would not be amenable for the crime
umlerour laws. The law of Prussia making it a
crime to leave that country before rendering a
prescribed term of military service we certainly
cannot commend or approve, anditistobehoped
and expected that the liberal ideas in regard to
personal rights and personal liberty, which are
rapidly attaining in the German States, will
induce a more just and liberal policy. Count
Bismarck is desirous to settle this vexed ques-
tion, and substantially proposed the exemption
of all Prussian subjects returning to their native
land who had left before their seventeenth
year, and also all other persons who were not
in the army or notified to enter at the time of
leaving, and who shall have been out of the
country for ten years. I apprehend, sir, that
Prussiawill be among the first to recognize
the justice and agree to the principles of the
law. With France and England it may be
otherwise. Neither of them love our free
institutions, and both of them are jealous of
our power. France, in the day of our tribu-
lation, planted her standard in Mexico, with
the intention of establishing a monarchy under
European auspices and holding the key to the
finest cotton-growing region upon our conti-
nent. England, in direct violation of law,
attempted, directly and indirectly, to cripple
and destroy our commerce. Both Govern-
ments sympathized with the rebellious South
and desired that our Republic should be severed.
Should a firm and manly adherence to the
doctrine enunciated in the bill under consider-
ation involve us in war we must accept the
issue. Planting ourselves upon the right; ask-
ing from other Governments nothing but what
we are willing to yield to them; sustained by
sound public policy and the principles which
underlie free Governments, we give the force
of law to what heretofore has been the sub-
ject of diplomacy. We owe the duty to our-
selves, we owe it to those brave men who have
cast their lot with ours, who have defended
our flag with their blood, and now that peace
has dawned are cheerfully sustaining the great
burden which rests upon us.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over till to-morrow.
The Chair will suggest, as there are numer-
ous amendments to this bill pending, whether
it would not be wise to have them all printed,
together with such amendments as members
propose to offer ?
Mr. PRUYN. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill (H.
R. No. 452) for the relief of Captain C. P.
Johnson; when the Speaker signed the same.
MANUFACTURERS' CONVENTION AT CLEVELAND.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the Htiuse a memorial of business
men of Cincinnati, in favor of the resolutions
of the manufacturers' convention held at Cleve-
land, Ohio, December 18, 1867; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, the papers in
the case of Aloysius J. Kane, now before the
Committee on Naval Affairs, were withdrawn,
copies of the same being left.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPB0P1UATI0N* BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the legislative appropriation bill.
Before the motion is put, however, I desire to
state to the Ilouse that the chairman of the
Committee of Elections [Mr. Dawes] wishes
to bring up the Kentucky contested-election
case to-morrow. I hope, therefore, that the
committee will dispose of this bill this after-
noon. It is very important that we should
send some of these appropriation'bills to the
Senate for action there if we expect to get
I through them in good season.
| Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask my colleague to
i allow me to ask the House 
i Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Excuse
me 
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the gentleman to
hear my proposition first. There are in this
city several thousands who are now suffering
for bread. A proposition has passed 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I know
the gentleman will overcome me if he con-
tinues his speech, and so I decline to yield.
I now renew the motion that the rules be sus-
