1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3179
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state further, for
the information of the Senator from Wisconsin,
that the Senator from Nevada has had partic-
ularly irr charge this matter of inquiring into
the character and conduct of the men who have
been recommended to have their disabilities
removed ; and that he lias spent a great deal
of time on the subject. During the last two
months he has made inquiries of everybody
from whom lie could obtain information. I
will state further, that most of the persons
whose disabilities are recommended to be re-
moved by the Committee on the Judiciary are
persons whom the constitutional conventions |i
have recommended should be released from
their political disabilities. I believe we have
included every name thus recommended by
the constitutional conventions. I think every
name they recommended has been inserted,
and there are some names added to that list,
on the representation of reliable persons in
those States, with whom the Senator from
Nevada has had intercourse, and from whom
he has obtained information. I admit that it
is very difficult to obtain satisfactory informa-
tion in regard to perhaps a thousand names,
but the committee have taken the recommend-
ations of the constitutional conventions as far
as they went, and have added a few names
upon what they regarded reliable authority.
This was the best disposition we found it in
our power to make. It may not be entirely
satisfactory ; and I wish to say to the Senator
from California that it is possible the commit-
tee have made mistakes, and it would be won-
derful if they had not made some in this long
list of names from several States ; but we have
had to act upon such information as we could
obtain, adopting, as a principle, to relieve
everybody who gave evidence of his intention
to acquiesce fairly in the condition of the coun-
try brought about by the results of the war,
' and to sustain honestly and fairly the laws
which have been enacted by Congress for the
reorganization of the rebel States.
Mr. CONNESS. I have not complained of
the investigations made by the committee. I
have only suggested that we should not add
names upon their individual application. We
have the name now of one of the two persons
here before us who says he is a member-elect
of the Legislature of the State of North Caro-
lina. There is no recommendation from any
other source in favor of remitting the political
disabilities in his case. Why, sir, his vote in
the Legislature may send a man here that we
cannot admit. While we are endeavoring to
admit these States to equal representation in
Congress, is it possible that such a man could
not have found loyal citizens in North Carolina
to recommend him to Congress ! Certainly
not. He has either not taken the trouble to
do it, or fearing that he could not he has not
undertaken it. I only complain that the com-
mittee seem prepared to admit amendments of
this character. When a committee have made
the best investigation and the moot careful
inquiry they can tliej' have exhausted their
power in the premises ; and I am so willing to
relieve this class of disabilities that I am ready
to take any report that a standing committee
of this body shall make, unless 1 know of
special facts to the contrary.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am disposed to be very
liberal in the exercise of this power ; but there
will be numerous applications of this kind to
Congress, and what we do now may be regarded
as .^precedent hereafter. If now we relieve
persons from these disabilities upon their own
petitions, without any evidence whatever as to
their former conduct or present character or
opinions, we shall establish aprecedem, as it
seems to me, that renders this constitutional
disability a perfect nullity a mere piece of
mockery. The President of the United States
will not pardon any man upon his own indi-
vidual application; that application must be
supported by some other evidence, showing
that the man has some merit of some kind or
description. If this petition was accompanied
by any affidavit of any person stating that these
men were men whose characters afforded suffi-
cient guarantee that they would be good and
peaceable citizens 1 should be very much dis-
posed to include them within this bill; but we
do not know but that they may be leaders in
the Ku-Klux-Klan; they may be men engaged
in deeds of violence, or who countenance vio-
lence and crime in southern States, and are
otherwise objectionable. If they are not in-
cluded in this bill that does not necessarily
preclude them from obtaining the benefits of a
law like this. 1 have no doubt that we shall
be constantly passing laws of this description.
If these men will bring forward some affidavit
or some evidence of some nature or description
that they are suitable men to whom this favor
of Congress should be extended, I am prepared
to go for it. I am in favor of a liberal policy
on this subject; but I do not think we ought at
once to dispense with the constitutional dis-
ability and treat it as a perfect nullity and allow
any man simply to come in here with a mere
petition and have Congress remove his dis-
ability.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say one word
in reply to a remark made by the Senator from
California, that the committee seem disposed
to admit* these amendments. The committee
has not expressed any opinion that this amend-
ment be adopted. It is offered here in the 
Senate ; the committee has not considered it
at all. So far as 1 am concerned, I beg leave
to say to the Senate that these petitions do not
present a case that calls upon the Senate, in
my judgment, to relievo these parties. What
do they say? They state in their petitions that
they have been elected to office ; they do not
even profess themselves that they are prepared
to abide by the legislation of Congress. They
make no pretense of the kind; they simply
say that they were engaged in the rebellion,
and have been elected to office, and ask to be
relieved. Who elected them? For aught I
know they may have been elected by the ene-
mies of the country, by the worst rebels there
are there. If there was any statement in the
petition itself it would present a different case.
We not only have no evidence from anybody
that these parties are of that class who ought
to be relieved from disabilities, but we have not
a statement of the parties themselves; and
unless Congress is prepared at once to pass a
general law relieving everybody, there cer-
tainly is no case presented by these two parties.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 23 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs.Cole, Davis, Doolittle, Ferry, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery, Pattersonof
Tennessee, Sprague, Van Winkle, and Vickers—11.
nays—Messr3. Cameron, Chandler,Conkhng.Gon-
ness, Corbott, Drake, Harlan. Howard, Howe, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, P01*3-"
croy, Sherman. Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull,
Wade, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—23. _
Cattell
of New Hampshire, Kamsey, Itoss, Saulsbury, Stew-
art, and Yates—10.
So the amendment- to the amendment was
rejected. , „ ,
Mr. HENDRICKS. At the close of the
fourth section I move to add the words ''and
George W. Jones, of Tennessee."
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to hear some
statement about Mr. Jones.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not think it neces-
sary to make a statement about him, he is so
well known to most of the Senators particu-
larly known to the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] who served in the House of Repre-
sentatives with him—as one ot those southern
men who always opposed secession. I believe
at one time he was a member of the Richmond
congress, and that is all th^ connection he had
with the southern cause, so far as I know. It
was known to the Senator from Ohio, I believe,
as it was known to myself when I served in the
HS'use of Representatives with him, that he
was opposed at all times to the policy of the
extreme men of the South. He was as con-
servative in his views as anybody in the House,
and devoted to the Union.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to inquire of the
honorable Senator whether there is an applica-
tion from Mr. Jones.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir ; I do it as his
friend, so far as I know.
Mr. CONNESS. You propose to grant him
relief for which he does not apply?
* Mr. JOHNSON. He has applied.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the committee to
whom his application has been referred will
state to us why that application has not been
granted, or what action has been taken upon it.
I will go very far toward taking any statement
the honorable Senator from Indiana may make,
and my purpose is not to doubt any statement
that he does make; but if Mr. Jones has made
an application I should like to know before I
vote what it is; I should like to hear it read,
and to know why the committee have refused it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand that the
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Patterson] has
a letter from Mr. Jones on this subject. He
did not refer it to the committee, and I did not
know of any such letter, and I did not base my
motion upon the letter. In that letter I under-
derstand he expresses his earnest desire to be
relieved from political disabilities. I made my
proposition upon my own knowledge of him.
1 know that,, as a member of the House of
Representatives, he was one of the most useful
members, a vigilant, careful, attentive man,
esteemed by men of all sections. He was not
a sectional man, and was as much opposed, in
my judgment, to the secession movement as
any man in the North. He was extremely bit-
ter against it. I saw him as late as the summer
of 1860, and had conversations with him. In-
deed, I think I had conversations with him in
the spring of 18G1. Just how late it was I will
not say, but it was in the summer of 1860 or
the spring of 18G1. I knew even up to that
time how very bitterly he was opposed to all
such movements. During the whole course of
his service, during the four years I was in the
other House with him, there was no man more
opposed to the extreme views of the South than
he was. He was a useful man, a man of intel-
lect, a man of high integrily, and will be use-
ful whenever he comes to assist in the great
work of the restoration of this country.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Indiana is a
member of the Judiciary Committee, and can
inform us whether this name was before the
committee and whether it has been acted on
by the committee, whether it has been rejected
by the committee or not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My impression is, but
I will not speak with confidence about that,
that I suggested to the Senator from Nevada
to add Mr. Jones's name ; and I think the
objection was that this bill was confined to two
States, Alabama and North Carolina. _ That
was the only objection that was made in the
committee, so far as I understood.
Mr. STEWART. The name was not con-
sidered in committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Except just that far.
Allow me to add that I would rather, from my
own knowledge of a man, his fitness to be a
citizen, represent the case without his applica-
tion than with it. I know George W. Jones
as well as I do almost any public man, and I
am willing to vouch for his honor anywhere
and everywhere.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, we ought
not to make this matter of removing political
disabilities a mere farce. I do not concur,
therefore, in the declaration made by the Sen-
i ator from Connecticut. Toward the people of
! the rebel States our first duty was and is to do
Injustice. We have in a measure done justice
. to the loyal men of those States. Our next
; duty to the people of those States is to be mer-
; ciful to the disloyal, to those who have offended
! against the laws of the country, ihere are
i probably about fifty thousand of these persons
i under disabilities. I am willing to remove the
! disabilities of the great body of these persons
! at once. There are a few hundreds of the
men who engaged in the rebellion I w?"lu
! allow to wait.a little while until they manifest
j a disposition to support their conntry and its
