3180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
institutions. Without one cause on earth these
men plunged the nation into civil war. The
blood of hundreds of thousands of their coun-
trymen is ori their souls. No previous charac-
ter, no certificates can remove from them the
crime of rebellion against their country. Upon
the heads of these leading men rests the re-
sponsibility of the blood and the crimes of the
last seven years. Before the nations, before
God, these leaders of the rebellion are respon-
sible for the sorrow and agony of the great
civil war through which the nation has passed.
In spite of their crimes against their country,
which will blacken as the ages roll on, I shall
be ready to pardon any one of thera whenever
he manifests a disposition to submit to the
authority of the Government, and to use the
influences that belong to him as a citizen of the
United States to maintain the laws of the
country. Whenever and wherever I see mani-
fested a spirit of loyalty, a disposition to do
justice to others, to accord to others what it
asks for itself, 1 shall hasten to relieve political
disabilities.
Sir, 1 understand that this bill applies to two or
three States, and that the Judiciary Committee
intend to report other measures of relief. As
this is the first bill for the removal of political
disabilities. I think we had better pass it as it,
came from the Judiciary Committee. We shall
doubtless have at this  ession of Congress other
bills in which these amendments may be in-
corporated by the committee after investigation.
1 have since the close of the rebellion been
iu favor of universal amnesty and universal suf-
Irage. Had those under disabilities been willing
to unite with us in according rights to others
their qwn disabilities might have been removed
ere this. But while these persons who were
laboring under disabilities have demanded what
they choose to call their rights, they have stren-
uously striven to withhold rights from others.
Against t heir protest, againsttheir active efforts,
against the protests and efforts of their friends,
Congress, after a two years' struggle, and the
people of eight States lately in rebellion, have
achieved civil and political rights for the mil-
lions lately held in bondage. Many of these
men, laboring under political disabilities, are
madly striving to undo what has been done,
to overturn what has been established, and to
take from their fellow-men rights they demand
for themselves. Now, I am willing that these
men, guilty of the war, who were criminally
guilty during the war, and who are more bit-
terly disloyal now than they were before the
war or during (he war, should remain under
political disabilities until the spirit of the
rebellion shall manifest itself less fiercely
in their acts than it now does, and until the
hopes that led them into rebellion and now
animate them in their struggles shall have dis-
appeared forever. Men who ask for the mercy
of their victorious country should at least deal
justly with their countrymen whose rights are
quite as sacred as their own.
The Senator from Indiana wishes to remove
the disabilities of Mr. George W. Jones, of
Tennessee, formerly a member of the House
of Representatives. It is true Mr. Jones
opposed the movements tending to rebellion,
but he bowed to the rebellion when it was
inaugurated, and was a member of the rebel
congress. Whenever he shall ask for the ij
removal of political disabilites I shall be ready |
to comply with his wishes. I have not learned |j
that he lias asked for the removal of disabil- J
ities, or that he has manifested a disposition jj
to acquiesce without a further struggle in the
policy of the Government, essential to secur*
the unity of the country and the liberties of i
the people. In voting to remove political ||
disabilities I do not require that the person ■ ;
relieved shall be a believer in my political :i
faith, or a supporter of my political principles.
The Republican party had no traitors iu its
ranks, it never had any sympathy with treason
or with traitors. It overthrew slavery, the
inspiration of the rebellion, and has given to
the emancipated bondmen the rights and priv-
ileges of American citizenship. To support
the ever-loyal Republican party, to sustain its
wise and beneficent measures of reconstruc-
tion upon the basis of loyalty and liberty,
affords to Congress and the world ample evi-
dence of the abandonment of the fatal theories
and policies of the rebellion, and of genuine
repentance for the errors of the past. I am
ready, and I am sure Congress will be ready,
to remove the disabilities of such a rebel, and
the loyal heart of the country will readily wel-
come the removal of such disabilities. I do
not, however, ask that the rebel who does
work for repentance shall act with the Repub-
lican party before I consent to relieve him. I
have recommended, and I shall continue to
recommend, the relief of gentlemen I believe
to be fair-minded men ; men who are ready to
acquiesce in the results of the war, and to
stand by their country in the future, although
such persons have no political sympathy with
me, or with the great party with which I act.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT^j'oiewipore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the Chair feels called
upon to announce the fact that the unfinished
business of yesterday is regularly before the
Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish by my
amendment to delay this bill.
. Mr. WILSON. I hope this bill will bo
passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
allowing the unfinished business to go over
temporarily for a few minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection, the order of the day will be
passed over informally. It is so ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I served
four years in the House of Representatives
with George W. Jones. I came to know and
esteem him as an honest man, as aclear-headed
and able legislator. No man in the House of
Representatives, in my judgment, was more
useful to the country; no man more contrib-
uted to save the public Treasury from thieves
and plunderers than George VV. Jones. Natu-
rally an honest man, his nature was against all
wrong upon the public Treasury, i esteemed
him as one of the most useful of legislators;
and it was a pleasure to me this morning to
have the opportunity, as his friend, as one who
esteemed him as an honest man, and as a
useful citizen, to make this motion. But sir,
from the Senate, from the Congress, I will not
accept of his restoration to political rights
grudgingly. If it is not given cheerfully,
because he has shown his devotion to his
country, because for years he stood out firmly,
fearlessly, in the midst of much opposition,
against every movement in the southern States
that tended to secession, let it not be given at
all. It was because I knew this, because I
knew that there ought not to be a moment
of delay when you are restoring men for polit-
ical considerations, to restore one man upon
the consideration that he was an honest man
and a faithful public servant that I offered this
amendment. But sir, as it is contested, I shall
not accept it as a thing granted grudgingly,
and I withdraw the amendment. I was not
written to by Mr. Jones, no appeal was made
tome for lum. I wanted to do it as his friend,
as one that knew him to be a good man.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator with-
draws his amendment I desire to say a word.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly, 1 will let it
stand for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I served with Mr. Jones
six years in the House of Representatives. He
was one of the oldest members in consecutive
service. Mr. Houston and Mr. Jones were, I
think, the oldest members of the House in
consecutive service while I was there. Mr.
Jones was undoubtedly what the Senator from
Indiana says, a thoroughly honest, reliable
man; one of the most-useful legislators from
any section of the country we had in the House
of Representatives ; and I have no doubt that
the Judiciary Committee would have proposed
to relieve him from all political disabilities if i
his case had been brought to them. He was a j
Union man up to the breaking out of the war,
and was dragged by mistake into secession.
What part he took in the war I do not know.
I know, however, that he remonstrated against
the vile conduct of the representatives from
the seceding States, but I have no doubt he
has come within the disabilities of the law>
because I understand he was for a time at least
a member of the rebel congress. Mr. Jones
has been here since, and 1 have no doubt
desires the reconstruction of the southern
States. He lives iu a State which has long
been in harmony with the Union, the State of
Tennessee. I agree, however, that in this bill
we ought to include no case which has not
been examined by the Judiciary Committee.
I am very glad the Senator from Indiana pro-
poses to withdraw his amendment, and the
Judiciary Committee will no doubt consider"
this as sufficient notice, and will inscribe the
name of George W. Jones, of Tennessee, in
the next roll of persons to be relieved from
disabilities.
Mr. CONNESS. I was just about to say
that there was no indorsement which could be
made of the character of a man that I would
sooner receive than that made by the honor-
able Senator from Indiana ; and after hearing
him the second time, so far as 1 was concerned,
I was about to withdraw all opposition that I
had made to the amendment he proposed; and
if he shall see fit to allow it to remain I shall
so withdraw all opposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope, then, it will be
allowed to go upon the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I withdraw all opposition,
but with the understanding that the safe mode
is, as suggested by the Senator from Ohio,
that these cases be regularly examined by the
committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What the Senator from
California says is most agreeable to me ; it is
very gratifying to me, indeed, and unless there
be further objection I will leave my amend-
ment to stand.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
amendment will be adopted. I knew Mr.
Jones in the House of Representatives, and as
the Senator from Indiana and the Senator from
Ohio have said be was one of the most useful
men there in relation to the subject of claims
against the Government that I ever knew, with
the exception, perhaps, of Mr. Giddings. He
was a bitter partisan ; but he was, through and
through in spite of that, an honest man. He
is now an old man, and I trust there will be no
opposition to the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana to the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting at the end of the
fourth section a name which has been aeei-
dently omitted, the nameofThomas J. Mackey,
of South Carolina, an excellent man, very well
known to gentlemen here.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. Y1CKERS. I offer this amendment as
a new section:
And be it further enacted. That nil legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the United States upon
all citizens of the eleven southern States which were
in rebellion m consequencc of participation in the
recent rebellion he. mid the same are hereby, re-
moved: Provided. That- each of said persons shall
firfet take an oath before a judge of a court, or belore
th e clerk or prothonotary of the county where he may
reside, that iic will support tbe Constitution ot the
United States. And that this section shall notapply
to any one who may be umler indictment for a viola-
tion of the Constitution or laws of the United States.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment of Mr. Stewart, as amended,
was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole
was concurred in. Theamendmentwas ordered
