4204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
becomes a law, and for every place, there shall
be a bridge, defining the span in the main cur-
rents to be not less than five hundred feet and
the approaches to that main current not less
than two hundred and fifty feet. Now, I have
to say this distinctly, that if there is any one
company or any place that comes to Congress
and asks to build such a bridge as that of course
I would agree to it; but to make it compulsory,
to oblige every company in everyplace up and
down the river, where the river itself is not as
wide as that, to make a span of five hundred
feet, is ridiculous, not to say wicked.
In the first place, you are requiring a span
of which there is not one in the United States
to-day, because this is not contemplating sus-
pension bridges. There is not a truss or arch
railroad bridge in the United States with a spaa
of five hundred feet, nor in any other country:
You are requiring these people to enter upon
an experiment that has never been tried. I
know the other day we authorized a company
at St. Louis, who asked it, to build a bridge
there, a combination of the arcli and the truss,
where the span should be five hundred feet and
to be ninety feet above low water. That is an
experiment. I shall be glad to see it tried,
although I said then that I had no faith in it.
I have not now. The Senator says thataccord-
ing to the estimate made here such a bridge as
that would only cost about seven hundred and
ninety-six thousand dollars, and yet I notice
that the engineer in his letter calling for a report
from Mr. Eads makes the following remarks:
"A letter from Mr. James B. Eads, civil engineer,
of St. Louis, dated April 7,1868, concerning the bridge
of five hundred feet span which ho proposes to
build at that place. He states that no published offi-
cial report of this bridge has yet been made, but that
ho has one in course of preparation, which will be an
elaborate one, for the use of the company, who ' ex-
pect to ask our (St. Louis) citizens to make a loan of
the city's credit to the extent of $4,000,000.'"
The builder of this cheap bridge of five hun-
dred feet span says he expects to ask the citi-
zens of St. Louis to aid in its construction to
the extent of $4,000,000! That does not look
very much like a cheap structure, or a bridge
coming within the ordinary expenses of any
company.
I have no information not known to every
Senator in regard to the Ohio_ river. I only
say that where a bridge of this character is
demanded let it be built; but the bill is so
drawn that each case must be reported to the
Secretary of War on its own merits, and if, in
the opinion of the Secretary of War, a bridge
of three hundred feet, or three hundred and
fifty feet, as I propose to amend it, in any
given case is not practicable, then he may order
a board of engineers to examine and report,
and he may increase the span upon the report
and recommendation of the board of engineers
to any extent he has a mind to do. The Sec-
retary may order the span to be a thousand
feet under this bill.
This bill proposes to begin at the maximum.
As it now stands, it proposes that one span
shall be five hundred feet at any rate, not allow-
ing any discretion, because there is no need
of any discretion, if you require five hundred
feet on the start. That is the maximum. We
begin where we should leave off. The bill
should require, what has been required in
other places, a span of three hundred and fifty
feet; and then if the interests represented
want the bridge, or think it should be more
than three hundred and fifty feet, let a board
of civil engineers report upon it; let the Sec-
retary of War then order that it shall be made,
as he can do under this bill; but to begin at
five hundred feet is ruinous. No bridges will
be built upon that plan. Why should Con-
gress at this time undertake an experiment
that has never been made a success in this or
any other country ?
I do not wish to interfere with the navigation
of the Ohio river. They run these barges, I
understand, two months in the year. About
one sixth of the whole time they are able to
run the barges ia connection with steamboats.
Now, shall the expense of -bridges be placed
beyond the reach of railroad corporations for
an interest that occupies the river but two
months in the year? But, sir, the fact is that
the great commerce of the Ohio river is not
confined to barges. That is the coal trade;
but the great commerce that goes in steam-
boats does notneed any five hundred feet span
to get through.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator to allow
me to correct him on one point. He says this
coal navigation only takes place about two
months in the year. I hold an affidavit in my
hand showing the depth of the water and the
character of the navigation for every day for
three years; and this coal navigation lasts on
an average about seven months.
Mr. POMEROY. I take the statement from
Representatives from Ohio, and a Governor
from Ohio, whose statement I have on the sub-
ject, and other citizens of Ohio.
Mr. MORTON. You take the statement of
an attorney who was once Governor, but who
comes here as an attorney for a railroad com-
pany—a very excellent gentleman ; but he has
made no affidavit about it.
Mr. POMEROY. I remember a statement
in the House of Representatives some years
ago that the Ohio river was a ditch, which is
dry except for two months of the year, and
frozen during the wet months, and I believe it
has never been contradicted.
Mr. DAVIS. "Dry for half the year and
frozen the other half."
Mr. POMEROY. That was it. Now, I sub-
mit to the Senate that this is an experiment.
We ought not to require every company that
may propose to bridge the Ohio river to put
in a five hundred feet span when the experi-
ment has never been tried, and never been
made a success. Now, what I propose is that
we shall require in this bill what we have re-
quired in other places, that the bridge shall
have a span of three hundred and fifty feet,
with authority to the Secretary of War to in-
crease it to any extent if they can make out a
case that demands it. That i think is reason-
able and fair ; but to require arbitrarily that in
every place the span must be five hundred feet
is equivalent to saying that bridges shall not
be built on the Ohio river.
I only desire to say further, that the mania
that seems to have taken possession of the
public mind about these immense spans ought
not to be yielded to until some successful ex-
periment has been made. I know that there
is one railroad suspension bridge in this coun-
try with a span of eight hundred feet; but with
what care do they go over that at Niagara ? If
the trains are long they detach them. They
run a little pony engine over, and go as care-
fully as a cat goes across a velvet carpet,
showing that such bridges are not adapted to
railroad purposes.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the special order.
It is very evident that this bill cannot pass
without a long discussion, and the time granted,
an hour has passed, and more.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no disposition to
urge the passage of the bill at this time. I am
willing to yield, of course.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 supposed not; I was
rather addressing myself to the honorable
Senator from Indiana. I rather thought from
the Senator's speech that he was opposed to
the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no disposition to
delay its passage either.
Mr. CONNESS. This bill can be taken up
after we have passed the other bill, and I there-
fore call for the special order.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a few amendments
I desire to offer, and if they are adopted I shall
then urge the passage of this bill.
Mr. MORTON. I recognize the right of the
bill referred to by the Senator from California,
but I should be very glad to get a vote on this
bill. It is very important to get a vote upon it
to-day in order that it may go to the House of
Representatives. I do not think it will take
much longer. The Senator from Kansas says
he has no objection, after speaking about half
an hour against it. I do not know how much
time he intends to occupy.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a few amendments
to [suggest, and if I can get the Senate to adopt
those amendments I shall urge the passage of
the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. If the bill could be passed
in any reasonable time I would give way; but
it is evident that it will occupy the whole day.
For three days past the bill which is the special
order has gone over, giving way to others. The
bill before us may be an important bill in some
respects, but it bears no comparison in that
regard with the bill which has been delayed,
and I hope we shall now go on with it.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator from
California would forbear for a few minutes
longer.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I feel bound to say
that I have amendments to offer, and also two
other gontlemen near me, in addition to the
Senator from Kansas, and we cannot consent
to let it go through in this way.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall desire to say a few
wordsafterthe Senator from Kansasis through.
Mr. POMEROY. I will yield to the Sena-
tor at any time. If he desires to address the
Senate he can do it now.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not, until you are
through. I intend to reply to the Senator; and
if the Senator from California will allow me a
little time, I shall be glad to do so ; but I pre-
fer waiting until the Senator from Kansas is
through.
Mr. POMEROY. The control of this mat-
ter is in the hands of the Senator from Cali-
fornia. If he desires to call up the special
order I will yield the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order was passed over by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORTON. We can get a vote on this
bill in a very short time I think, and perhaps
the special order can be postponed long enough
to take a vote.
Mr. CONNESS. As I said before, if there
was any chance or any prospect of getting to
a vote of course I would consent. I know
the condition in which the Senator from In-
diana is, and his relations to this bill, and I
should like to accommodate him; but if Sen-
ators intend to discuss it at length, I cannot
consent, of course, to that. Within any rea-
sonable time within which this bill could be
passed I would be willing to give way.
Mr. POMEROY. I believe I have never
been guilty of discussing anything at great
length.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not impute anything
of that kind to the Senator.
Mr. POMEROY. I only want to explain
certain amendments that I desire to offer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator insist on the special order?
Mr. CONNESS. I give way at present.
Mr. YATES. If the Senator from Kansas
will yield to me I should like to speak a few
minutes on this bill.
Mr. POMEBOY. I have no objection.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the special
order. It is evident that this bill cannot be
disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California insists on the special order
being taken up, and that bill is before the
Senate.
EIGHTS OF CITIZENS ABROAD.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 7G8)
concerning the rights of American citizens in
foreign States. The bill, as passed by the
House of Representatives, is ^s follows:
cxPatriationis a natural and
inherent right of all people, indispensable to tho
enjoyment of the rights of life, liberty. and the pur-
suit ot happiness, for the protection of which the
uovernraent of the United States was established;
and whereas in the recognition of this principle this
to-overnraent has treeiy received emigrants from ail
nations and vested them with the rights of citizen-
ship; and whereas it is claimed that such American
: citizens, with their descendants, are subjects of
toieign States, owing allegiance to the Governments
i tnereot; and whereas it is necessary to the mainte-
