THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
Johnson, MeCreery, Norton, Patterson ofTonnessoe,
Ramsey, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Viokers,
and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Conness, Cragin, Drake, Ed-
munds, Ferry, I'reiinghuysen, Howard, Howe, Mor-
gan, Morriil of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ross,
Spraguc, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Willey,
and "Williams—28.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Bayard, Doolittlc, Har-
lan, Morton, Sherman, Wade, and Yates—7.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I now offer the
version of the speech sworn to by Mr. Smith :
Speech of the President of the United States, August
18, 1866.
The President said:
Mr. Chairman, and gentlemen of the committee:—
Language is inadequate to express the emotions and
feelings of this occasion; and perhaps I could ex-
press more by remaining silent and letting silence
speak, what 1 would and what I ought to say. I con-
fess, thoughhavinghad some experience in public life,
having been before many public audicncos—X con-
fess the present occasion and audience is well calcu-
lated, and not only well calculated, but has in fact,
partially overwhelmed me. I have not language to
express, or to convoy, as I have said, in an adequate
manner, the feelings and emotions produced by the
present occasion, in listening to the address that
your distinguished and eloquent chairman has just
delivered, the proceedings of the convention, as they
transpired, recur to my mind, and seemingly, that I
partook here of tho enthusiasm which seemed to pre-
vail there. And upon the reception of tho dispatch,
sent by two distinguished members of that conven-
tion, conveying in terms tho scenes that have just
been described, of South Carolina and Massachusetts
arm in arm, marching into that convention giving
evidence that the two extremes could come together,
that they could peril in future, lor the preservation
of the Union, as they had in the past, when the ac-
companying statement that m that vast assembly of
distinguished, eloquent, andintellectual persons that
■were there, every lace was suffused with tears—when
1 undertook to read the diopatch to one associated
with mo in ollice, I could not give utterance to the
feelings it produced. (Applause.)
I think wo may justly, conclude wo are moving
under proper inspirations; I think I cannot be mis-
taken that an unciring Providence is in tins matter.
The nation is imperilled; it has just passed through
a mighty, bloody and momentous ordeal; and while
we have passed through that we do not liiul ourselves
free horn difficulties nnd dangers that surround us.
W hile our brave men have performed their duties in
trie field—ofiiccis and men—while they have won
Lunula that aie imperishable, there are still greater
and moreimportantdutiesyetto perform; andwhile
we have had their cooperation in the tield we want
iheir .support out of the Held when wo arc trying to
bring about peace.
Every effort has been made, so far as the executive
depaitment of the Government was concerned to
lestoro the Union; to heal the breach, to pour oil
into the wound which had been inflicted, and—to
speak in common phrase, to prepare, as the learned
and wise physician would, a plaster that was co-ex-
tensive with the wound and that was healing in its
ch-iracter. (Applause.)
We think,or thought, we had partially succeeded;
but as the woi k progressed, as reconciliation seemed
to bo restored and the country become united, we
found a disn;i bing and marring element of opposi-
tion thrown m; and in making any {illusion to that,
1 shall make no more allusion than has been in the
convention and by the distinguished gentleman who
has placed the proceedings of the convention#bcfore
me,—I shall mako no more uihiMon than X think the
times justify. We have witnes>cd jn one L>epert-
inent of the Government every efloit, as it were, to
pievcnt the restoration of peace, harmony and
union; wo hove seen, as it w< ro, hanging upon tho
verge of the Government, as it were, a body, calling
or assuming to be the Congress ol the United States,
"when it was but a Congie.-s of a part of the States;
we have seen Coneross as?uramgto be lor the Union
when every step they took was to porpetuato disso-
lution, and make disiuption permanent. We have
seen cveiy step that lias been taken, in'stead of bring-
ing about reconciliation andhaunony, has been legis-
lation that took tho character ol pcnuiue?, retalia-
tion and revenge. This has been the couinc; this
has been tho policy of one department of your Gov-
ernment, The humble individual who has been
addressed here to-day, and now stands here before
you, has been occupying another department of the
Government. The manner of his getting there X
shall not allude to now—suffice it to say, X was there
by the Constitution of my country (.applause,) and
being there by the Constitution ol my countiy, X
placed my foot upon t]ie Constitution as the great
rampart of civil and religions liberty (applause,)
having been taught in early life, and having prac-
ticed ii through my whole career to venerate, respect,
and make the Constitution of my fathers, my guide
through my public life. (Applause.)
X know it has been said, and X must be permitted
to indulge in this line, that the executive depart-
ment of the Government, has been despotic and
tyrannical. Why, let me ask this audience here
to-day, and the dist.mgui-.hed gentlemen who stand
aiound wc; where is the vote X evergave,—where is
the tpoeUi I evei made.—where isa single act of niy
whole public hfn but what has been arrayed against
tyranny and against despotism? (Applause.) What
position have I ever occupied, whatgiound have X
ever stood upon, when X failed to advocate tho
amelioration and elevation of tho great mass of my
countrymen? (Applause.)
So far as charges of that kind is concerned, it is
simply intendod to deceive and delude tho public
mind, that there is some one in power who is seek-
ing to trample upon and pervert tho principles of
the Constitution by endeavoring to cover and delude
the people so far as their own public acts are con-
cerned. Ihave felt it my duty, in vindication of the
principles of tho Constitution of my country, to call
their attention to these proceedings; but when we
go forward and examine who has been playing tyrant,
and where has been the tyranny and de&poti&ui exer-
cised, the elements of my nature, and the pursuitsof
my life, has not made mo in my practice aggressive,
nor in my feelings; but, my nature, rather on the
contrary, is defensive; and having placed my feet,
or taken my stand upon the broad piinciplcs of
liberty and the Constitution, there is not enough
power on earth to drive me from it. {.Great Ap-
plause.]
Upon that broad platform X have taken my stand.
I havo not been awed, or dismayed, or intimidated by
their words or encroachments; but X have stood
there, ^conjunction with patriotic spirits, sounding
the tocsin of alarm that the citadel of liberty was
encroached upon. [Applause.]
I said on one occasion before, and I repeat now,
that all that was necessary in this great struggle was
here, in tho contest with tyranny and despotism, was
for tho struggle to be sufficiently audible that the
great mass of the Amciican people could hear tho
struggle that was going on, and when they under-
stood and heard tho struggle going on, and camc up,
and looked in, and saw who the contestants wore,
and understood about what that contest was, they
would settle that question upon the side of the Con-
stitution and principle. ["Good/']
It has been said here to-day, my faith is abiding
in tho great mass of tho people. Xt is, and in the
darkest moment of the struggle, when tho clouds
seemed to be the most lowering, my faith instead
of giving way, loomed up as from tho gloom of tho
cloud, through which I saw that all would be safe in
the end.
13ut tyranny, and despotism 1 We all know that
tyranny and despotism even, in tho language of
Thomas Jefferson, can bo exercised, and oxcrcised
more effectually, by many than ono. Wo hare seen
Congress organised; we havo seen Congress in its
advance, step bv step, has gradually been encroach-
ing upon constitutional rights and violating the fun-
damental punciplesot the Gov em meat, clay after day,
and month after month. Wo have seen a Congress
that seemed to forget that there was a Constitution
of tho Constitution of the United States, that there
was limits, that there was boundaries to thesphero
or scope of legislation. We have seen Congress in a
a minority, assume to exercise, and have exercised
powers, if earned out and coiiHunmated, will result
m despotism or monarchy itself. This is truth, and
because I and others have seen proper to appeal to
the country, to the patiiotism and republican feel-
ing of tho country, X havo been denounced; slander
al'tei slander, vitupeiation alter vituperation of the
most virulent character, lias made its way through
the press. What then has been my sinV What has
been your sin? What lias been tiio cause of your
offending? Because you dare stand by the Consti-
tution of our fathers. [Applause.]
X look upon the proceedings of this convention as
being more important than any convention that ever
sat in the UmtedStates. [Applause.] When Hook
at that collection ol citizens coming together volun-
tarily, and silting in council, with ideas, with prin-
ciples and views, commensurate with aii the States
and coextensive with the whole peoplo; and when X
eontiast it with a collection of gentlemen who wero
t.-ying to destiny the countiy, I look upon it as more
important than any convention that has sat, at least,
since 1767; aud X think I may say here too that in
the declarations that it has made, which are equally
impoitant with the Declaration ol Independence
itself; and X here, to-day, pionounce it a second
declaration of independence. [Great applause.]
In this connection, I may remark, when you talk
about declarations of independence, there ureagreat
many peoplo in tho United States, who want to be
free, that cannot claim cxactly, and in fact, that
they are fiec at this time. I may say that your
address and the declarations made, arc nothing more
nor less than a reaffirmation of tho Constitution of
the United States. [Great applause.] Yes, I will go
further, and say that the declarations that you have
there made, and the piinouies enunciated in that
address, is a second proclamation of emancipation
to the people of the United States (applause;] for
in the promulgation, in the proclamation reaihrming
these great tiuth^, you have laid chnvn a platfoim, a
constitutional plattorm, upon which all can make
common cause, and stand, rallying for the restora-
tion of the State.-,, and the i eatoration of the Union
without reference to whether they belong to this
association, or this paity or that party; but the
theory is, my country rises above party. Upon this
common ground they can stand. [Applause.]
J low many arc there in the United States, that now
require to be free? They have &ot shackles upon
their limbs and aie bound, as tight as though they
wero in fact in slavery. Then, X repeat, it is asecond
proclamation of emancipation to the people of the
United States, and fixes a common ground upon
whuli all may stand.
[ have said more now, Mr. Chairman, and gentle-
men of the committee, than j intended to have said;
but, in this connection, andmconclusion, letme ask
this intelligent audience, and committee hereto-day,
what have X or you to do, other than the promotion
or advancement of the common weal ? X am opposed
tu egotism--as much so as any one, but here, in a con-
versational manner and in the reception of the pro-
ceedings of this convention, I must add, what have
T to gain, consulting human ambition, more than I
havo gained, excepting one thing? My race is run.
I havo been placed hero by the Constitution of the
country; and I may say here, from the lowest to the
highest position in tho Government, I have oecu-
picd. I passed through every single position from
alderman in a village, to tho Presidency of the Uni-
ted States; and now, in standing before you, don't
you think that all reasonable ambition should bo
gratified? If I wanted power, if I wanted to per-
petuate my own power, and that of those who are
around me, how easy would it havo been for me to
have held tho power placcd in my hands.
With tho bill called the Preedmen's Bureau, and
the Army placed at my discretion, [laughter aud
applause] I could have remained at the capital with
fifty or sixty millions of appropriations, with the
machinery to be worked by own hands, with my
satraps and dependants in every township and civil
district in the UnitedStatos, whoie it might be neces-
sary, with the Civil Itights bill coming along as an
auxiliary [laughter] and all tho other patronage of
tho Government, I could have proclaimed myself
dictator. L" That's a fact."] My pride and my power
is, if I have any, to occupy that position which re-
tains tho power in tho hands of the people, ["Good"
and applause.] It is upon them I have always relied;
it is upon them X now rely. ["And they will not de-
sert you either"—applause.] And I repeat, neither
the taunts nor jeers of Congress, nor of a subsidized
and culminating press can drive mo from my purpose.
[Applause.]
I acknowledge no superior but two,—my God,—the
author of my existence, and the peoplo of the Uni-
ted States. [Applause.] The one, I try to obey all
His commands as best 1 can, compatible with mortal
man; tho other, in a political and representative
sense, tho high behest of tho people has always been
in strict respect, has always been obeyed by me.
[Applause.]
Mr. Chairman, I have said more than I intended
to say. Tor the kind allusions made in tho address
and in tho resolutions or propositions adopted by
your convention, I want to say to you that in this
crisis, in this period of my publio life, I prize that
last resolution, more than all that has come to me.
To havo tho endorsement of a convention, consti-
tuted as that was, emanating spontaneously, from
tho great mass of tho people, I prize it above consid-
eration, and 1 trust and hope my future conduct will
not cause the convention that adopted that to havo
regretted tho assurance they have given. ["Very
sure of it."]
Beforo separating, and leaving you, gentlemen one
and all, committco and strangeis, please accept my
thanks for tlfis kind manifestation of regard and re-
spect that you have manifested, on this occasion, and
to one that feels so little entitled to it, except upon
the simple consideration of having performed his
duty.
I repeat again, as I have said in substance, that I
luive, and shall always continue to bo guided by it
conscientious conviction. That always gives me
courage. Tho Constitution I have made my guide.
Then, accept my sincere thanks for this manifesta-
tion of your approbation and rogaid.
Mr, Manager BUTLER, having concluded
the reading, continued; I do not propose, gen-
tlemen, to read any more of these versions, but
to leave them here for any correction that may
be desired.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offered an order in
legislative session, and I do not know that it is
proper to call it up at this time. If not, I
should like to repeat it.
The 0I11EF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks it is not in order to call up. any business
transacted in legislative session.
Mr. CONKLING, (to Mr. Anthony.)
Offer it originally now,
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I move that the
presiding officer be authorized to assign a place
upon the floor to the reporter of the Associated
Press.
Mr. CONKLING. A single reporter.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks it is not in order to interrupt the busi-
ness of the trial with such a motion.
Mr. EVARTS. General Butler, will you
allow us to ask what copies or versions of the
speech of August 18, X86G, you consider in-
cluded in the testimony received? One has
been read.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I consider the
two copies, one that Mr. Smith made, which
has been read, and the corrected version, as
the substantial copies.
Mr. EVARTS. And no others?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not offer the
Chronicle, not because it is not evidence, but
because I have the same thing in Mr. Smith's
report.
Mr. EVARTS. Then it is only those two,
and they will both be printed as part of tho
evidence in tho case?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. For aught I care,
