1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1183
many thousands of persons are legislated out
of official existence; nor will they know how
many departments or bureaus of the Govern-
ment are abolished by three lines toward the
conclusion of this bill, For the purpose of
calling the attention of the committee to that
subject I have offered this amendment; for in
the estimates of appropriations sent in by the
Department the committee will find on page
46 the item: " For Solicitor and Naval Judge
Advocate, per act March 2, 1865, 13 Laws,
page460, §3,500." Now I find this bill includes
no provision for this officer.
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. I have not
waived the point of order which I think may
properly be made on the gentleman's amend-
ment. The gentleman, I believe, merely offers
the amendment for the purpose of making an
inquiry.
Mr. GARFIELD. I said that I offered the
amendment for the purpose of making an
inquiry. If the gentleman can satisfy me that
the amendmeiitisunnecessary, I will, of course,
withdraw it-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The prin-
cipal part of the gentleman's speech does not
apply to his amendment. There are, I need
not say to the gentleman, many officers left out
in this bill; and we propose to legalize the
omission of them by a general sweeping pro-
vision at the end of the bill. But that does
not apply to this case. This office is not now
in existence under the law. I have sent for a
copy of the act establishing the office; and gen-
tlemen will see that the office was to be con-
tinued only during the rebellion and for one
year thereafter. The office has ceased to exist
by the expiration of the law creating it.
Mr. GARFIELD. When did it expire ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One year
after the rebellion closed.
Mr. GARFIELD. When was that?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Sometwo
years ago.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. Y/ASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, I recol-
lect very well that when we created this office of
Solicitor and Naval Judge Advocate I thought
it was unnecessary and objected to it very
strongly; but I was persuaded by others to con-
sent to the creation of the office temporarily
during the war. I believe that by the act
creating the office it was to continue only dur-
ing the war and one year thereafter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will permit me, I will read the law.
Mr. SPALDING. I give way for that pur-
pose. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The act
provided—
"That the President be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to appoint, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, for serviee during the rebellion and
one year thereafter, an officer in the Navy Depart-
ment, to be called the Solicitor and is aval Judge
Advocate General, at an annual salary of $3,500," &c.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, for a
great number of years after our present form
of government was adopted we looked to the
Attorney General of the United States and the
officers of his department for the construction
of acts of Congress and other legal services
needed by the various departments. In modern
times it has become fashionable to have a so-
licitor and attorney for nearly every depart-
ment of the Government. I contend that this
practice is all wrong, involving needless ex-
penditure on the part of the Government and
tending to create confusion in the administra-
tion of the legal business of the Government.
We ought to systematize this business and place
it all under the direction of the Attorney Gen-
eral. There is no necessity, in my apprehen-
sion, for this office of solicitor of the Navy
Department. The Committee on Appropria-
tions have omitted in this bill tlie appropria-
tions heretofore made for this office, because
the law creating the office has expired, and we
did not consider it necessary to revive it. Now,
sir, I am as much in favor of necessary appro-
priations for the Navy Department as for any
Department of the Government, and I will vote
for such appropriations; but 1 believe this
office to be altogether unnecessary, and conse-
quentlv shall vote against this amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I now ask
a decision on the point of order which I raised
on the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairman over-
rules the point of order on the same ground
already explained several times during the
pendency of this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. For my part I am will-
ing to withdraw the amendment.
Mr. TWICHELL. I renew the amendment.
Mr. PIKE. I will state in relation to this
office that during the last year the solicitor
examined some five hundred cases of courts-
martial and other cases which came before
him, and it is the opinion of the Secretary of
the Navy it would be better to pay this salary
than to employ legal assistance when needed.
It is only fair to both gentlemen to state this
fact. I will state further that the opinion fur-
nished by the solicitor of General Grant is just
this: that this is as necessary as the corre-
sponding office in the Army. It is but fair to
make this statement.
Mr. SPALDING. Is there any solicitor of
the War Department now?
Mr. PIKE. It is called the Bureau of Mil-
itary Justice. General Holt is at the head of
that bureau.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation of the Assistant Secretary of the
JTavy, $3,500; chief clerk, £'2,200; one fourth-class
clerk, (also as disbursing clerk,) $2,000; four clerks of
the fourth class, $7,200; five clorks of the third class,
88,000; three clerks of the second class, $4,200; threo
clerks of the first class, $3,600; one messenger. $1,000;
one assistant messenger, $720; two laborers, $1,440.
Mr. PIKE. In line seven hundred and fifty-
five I move to strike out "four" and insert
"six," so itwillread "six clerks of the fourth
class." The result of that amendment is to
retain the numerical force in that part of the
Navy Department at its present pay. The
proposition of tlie committee is to increase the
clerical force, making fifteen instead of four-
teen, as at present. My proposition is to retain
the present force at its present pay. I hope
we will not reduce that class of service.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The change
in the bill from that of last year is because of the
dismissal of certain clerks under a subsequent
law. The gentleman from Maine understands
that a certain number of clerks were appointed
to continue during the rebellion aud for one
year afterward.
Mr. PIKE. That was overruled.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What I
wish to say is that there is no law now in ex-
istence which would justify the gentleman's
amendment. If it be adopted it will create
additional offices and additional clerks.
Mr. PIKE. According to the ruling of the
Chairman there is a law in existence.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair_ did not so
rule. That was not the reason assigned by the
Chair.
Mr. PIKE. I understand the ruling was
that the law providing for clerks for one year
after the rebellion is still in force.
The CHAIRMAN. That was not the point
raised, and it was not th# reason assigned by
the Chair.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PIKE. I move to insert " $840" in-
stead of "$720" for the assistant messenger.
It is his present pay. lie is the messenger
who has been standing at the Secretary's door
for the lasL forty years, and gentlemen of the
House are all familiar with him. He is a re-
spectable man and he thinks it hard upon him
to economize by taking off from his pay §120.
It strikes me so, too.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and wish to say a word. I want to gen-
eralize this matter so that we 'iiay not haw a
discussion on every one of these items. The
clerical force reduced in this or any other por-
tion of tbia bill has been reduced by the com-
mittee in accordance with one of two ac.fs, the
act of March 3, 1864, or the act of February
16, 1863. The act of March 3,1864, says that'
in addition to the clerical force now authorized
by law "the following clerks and employes
are hereby authorized to be employed and to
continue only during the rebellion and for one
year thereafter." Now, I say the Department
was grossly culpable in sending to this House
estimates for these clerks and referring to these
laws as authority for employing them. I am not
prepared to say the reductions the committee
has made ought to be adopted. It maybe that
more clerks may be needed. I do not know
about that. But, sir, these Departments have
no right to send here estimates for clerks who
were only to continue during the rebellion and
for one year thereafter.
Mr. PIKE. According to the law of 1862
this man's pay was $700 and not $720. It is
now §840.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
gentleman is right. The original salary was
$700, and twenty per cent ought to be added.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read the following:
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks, $3,500; for civil engineer, $2,000;
chief clerk, $1,800; one clerk ofthe third class, $1,600;
three clerks of the second class, $4,200; one clerk of
the first class, $1,200; one draftsman, $1,400; one
messenger, $1,000; two laborers, $1,440.
Mr. PIKE. I move an amendment to the
paragraph in regard to yards and docks in
accordance with existing law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We have
passed that.
Mr. PIKE. I ask the committee to hear me
one moment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
propose an amendment?
Mr. PIKE. I propose an amendment to the
paragraph in regard to yards and docks. I
hope the gentleman from Illinois will not take
so small an advantage of me as to insist on his
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
withdraw it. We have passed that paragraph.
The Clerk read the following :
For the compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Equipment and Recruiting, $3,500; chief clerk, $1,800;
two clerks of the socond class, $2,800; one clerk ofthe
first class, $1,200; ono messenger, $1,000.
Mr. PIKE. I move to strike out that para-
graph and insert the following as a substitute :
For the compensation of the chief clerk of the Bu-
reau of Equipment and Becruiting, $1,800; one clerk
ofthe fourth class, $1,800; two clerks of the third
class, $3,200; two clerks of the second class, $2,800;
three clerks of the first class, $3,600; one messenger,
$1,000; one laborer, $720.
I wish to reply to my colleague. He says this
provision in the bill is in accordance with exist-
ing law, as are all the rest. In that he is mis-
taken. ' The law of July 23, 1866, gives these
clerks cxactly the salaries specified in the amend-
ment I send to the Chair, and I beg the House
to vote the money in accordance with existing
law. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
BURNE] the other day told us that this bill wa3
intended to report appropriations of money in
accordance with existing law. Nowhere is an
existing law upon this subject. Now I do not
ask the House to increase the clerical force by
a single man nor to increaso their pay by a
single dollar, but simply to give these clerks m
that Department the pay the law allows them.
Mr. MULLINS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether these clerks are absolutely neces-
sarv—the whole number of them?
Mr. PIKE. I understand they are absolutely
neMrSS\VASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have a
word to say in reply to the gentleman Irom
Maine [Mr. Pike.] He seems to be still harp-
in<* upon my statement that tlie appropriations
in°this bill were to carry out existing laws. I
also stated that we provided for the repeal of
some laws. The gentleman must know that
many items which have been inserted in ac-
cordance with existing law have been stricken
out. For instance, the clerks for the Presi-
