1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4206
nance of public peace that this claim of foreign
allegiance should be promptly anil finally disa-
vowed : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Represent-
atives of the Umted States of America in Cong ress assem-
bled, That any declaration, instruction, opinion,
order, or decision of any officers of this Government
which denies, restricts, impairs, or questions the
right of expatriation, is hereby declared inconsist-
ent with the fundamental principles of this Govern-
ment.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all natural-
ized citizens of the United States, while in foreign
States, shall be entitled to and shall receive from
this Government, the same protection of persons and
property that is accorded to native-born citizens in
like situation and circumstances.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That whenever it
shall be duly made known to the President that any
citizen of the United States has been arrested and
is detained by any foreign Government in contraven-
tion ot' the intent and purposes of this act, upon the
allegation that naturalization in the United States
docs not opcrato to dissolve his allegiance to his
native sovereign; or if any citizen shall have been
arrested and detained whose release upon demand
shall have been unreasonably delayed or refused,
the President shall be, and hereby is, empowered to
suspend in part, or wholly, commercial relations
with the said Government, orincasono other remedy
is available, to order the arrest and to detain in cus-
tody any subject or citizen of such foreign Govern-
ment who may be found within the jurisdiction of
the United States, and who has not decided his in-
tention to become a citizen of the United States,
except embassadors and other public ministers and
their domestics and domestic servants, and the Pres-
ident shall, without delay, give information to Con-
gress of any proceedings under this act.
The Committee on Foreign Relations re-
ported an amendment to the bill and an amend-
ment to the preamble. The amendment to the
bill was in section three, after the word " re-
fused," in line ten, to strike out the following
words:
The President shall be, and hereby is, empowered
to suspend in part, or wholly, commercial relations
with the said Government, or in caso no other rem-
edy is available, to order the arrest and to deta.in in
custody any subject or citizen of such foreign Gov-
ernment who may be found within the jurisdiction
of the United States, and who has not declared his
intention to become a citizen of the Unitod States,
except embassadors and other public ministers and
their domestics and domestic servants, and the Presi-
dent shall, without delay, give information to Con-
gress of any proceedings under this act.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
It shall be the duty of the President forthwith to
report to Congress all the circumstances of any such
arrest and detention, and any proceedings for the
release of the citizen so arrested and detained, that
Congress may take prompt action to secure to every
citizen of the United States his just rights.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe it is first in order
to perfect the original text before the question
is taken on striking it out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Of course
it is.
Mr. DRAKE. That is a very good rule
where the intention is to strike out the whole
bill and move a substitute; but I suggest to
the honorable Senator from California that the
rule as he states it now does not cover the par-
ticular case that is now in hand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
ordinary case of an amendment to an amend-
ment, such as any one can offer.
Mr. SUMNEli. I submit that the first ques-
tion will be on the amendments of the com-
mittee, and after that the bill will be open to
further amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. We have a right first to
amend by striking out those, if we choose.
The amendment of the committee to the third
section is a material amendment; it is a sub-
stantial amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not had the priv-
ilege of explaining that amendment. I rose,
but did not succeed in obtaining the floor.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator desires to
address himself to the amendment, I will yield
the floor to him with pleasure?
Mr. SUMNER. I do.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER. Before entering upon this
discussion, I wish to read a brief telegram,
which came by the cable last evening, as fol-
lows :
"LoxTMW./ufylT.—In the House last evening, Stan-
ley, I he Secretary of Iforcign Affairs, made an import-
ant statement in answer to a question asking for
information. In reply he said he had already seat to
the United States Government a note on the matter
of naturalization, the substance of which was that
the British ministry was ready to accept the Amer-
ican views of the question. He therefore thought a
misunderstanding Between the two nations impos-
sible."
Add to this important information the well-
known fact that the United States have already
ratified treaties with North Germany and Bava-
ria, and that we are engaged in negotiating
treaties with other Powers for the settlement
of this very question ; and we may surely ap-
proach this discussion without any anxiety,
except for the honor of onr country.
Permit me to say, at the outset, that the
declared object of the present bill is all lostin
certain special features, which are nothing less
than monstrous, and utterly unworthy of a
generous Republic, hoping to give an example
to mankind. Surely, sir, it is noble to reach
out and protect the rights of the citizen at
home and abroad, but no zeal in this behalf
should betray us into conduct which cannot
be regarded without a blush.
This bill proposes to give prodigious powers
to the President, such as have never been
lavished before in our history. They are without
precedent. On this account alone, they should
be considered carefully; and they should not be
granted unless on good reason. If it be shown
that they are not only without precedent, but
that they are inconsistent with the requirements
of modern civilization j that they are of evil ex-
ample ; and that they tend directly to war, then,
on this account, we should hesitate still more
before we venture to grant them. Not lightly
can a nation set itself against the requirements
of civilization; not lightly can a nation do an
act of evil example; not lightly can a nation
take any steps toward war. The whole business
is solemn. Nothing graver could challenge the
attention of the Senate.
Two powers are conferred upon the President;
first, to suspend commercial relations with a
foreign Government, and secondly, to arrest
and to detain in custody any subjectof aforeign
Government found within the jurisdiction of
the United States. The suspension of com-
mercial relations and the arrest of innocent
foreigners, simply at the will of the President—
these are the two powers. It would be difficult
to imagine geater.
We have had in our own history the instance
of an embargo, when all our merchant ships
were kept at home and forbidden to embark in
foreign commerce. That measure was intended
to save our ships from insult and our sailors
from impressment. This was done by act of
Congress. I am not aware of any instance, in
our own history or in the history of any other
country, where there has been a suspension of
commercial relations with any foreign Power,
unless as an act of war. The moment war is
declared there is, from the fact of war, a sus-
pension of commercial relations with the hos-
tile Power. Commerce with that Power is
impossible, and there can be no contract even
between the citizens or subjects of the two
Powers. But this is war. It is now proposed
to do this same thing atid'to call it peace. The
proposition is new, absolutely new. Not an
instance of history, not a phrase in the law of
nations sanctions it. I need not say how little
congenial it is with the age in which we live.
The present object of good men is to make
war difficult, if not impossible. Here is a way
to make war easy. To the President is given
this alarming power. In Europe war proceeds
from the sovereign; in England froni the
queen in council; in France from Louis Napo-
leon. This is according to the genius of mon-
archies. By the Constitution of our Republic
it is Congress alone that can declare war.
And yet by thisbill OneMan, in his discretion,
may do little short of declaring war. He may
hurl one of the bolts of war, and sever the
commercial relations of two great Powers.
Consider well what must ensue. Suppose the
bolt is hurled at England. All that various
commerce on which so much depends; all that
interchange of goods which contributes so in-
finitely to the wants of each ; all that shipping,
and all those steamers traversing the ocean
between the two ; all the multitudinous threads
of business by which the two peoples are
woven together, warp and woof, as in a mighty
loom—all these must be severed.
The next power conferred on the President
is like unto the first in its abnormal character.
It is nothing less than authority, in his discre-
tion, to make reprisals by seizing innocent for-
eigners happening to be in the United Slates.
The more this is considered the more it must
be regarded with distrust.
Reprisals belong to the incidents of war in
the earlier ages, before civilization had tem-
pered the rudeness of mankind. All reprisals
are of doubtful character. Reprisals on per-
sons are barbarous. I do not say that accord-
ing to the received rights of war some terrible
occasion may not arise even for this barbarous
agency ; but I insist that it is frowned upon by
all the best authorities even in our own coun-
try ; that it is contrary to enlightened reason,
and that it is utterly without any recent exam-
ple. Admitting that such reprisals are not
entirely discarded by the writers on the law of
nations, they are nevertheless condemned. By
the rights of war, as once declared, the lives
of prisoners taken on the field of battle were
forfeit. Early history attests the frequency of
this bloody sacrifice. Who now would order
the execution of prisoners of war? The day
has passed when any such outrage can be tol-
erated. But it is hardly less barbarous to
seize innocent persons whom business or
pleasure has brought within your peaceful
jurisdiction, under the guarantee of the Public
Faith.
I am unwilling to occupy time on a matter
which is so clear in the light of modern civili-
zation, and of that enlightened reason which
is the handmaid to civilization. And yet the
present effort will justify me in exposing the
true character of reprisals as seen in the light
of history.
Reprisals were recognized by the Greeks
but disowned by the Romans. According to
Bynkershoeck, who is so much quoted on the
Law of Nations, " there is no instance of such
wickedness in the history of that magnani-
mous people ; nor do their laws exhibit the
least trace of it," (Bynkershoeck, Quasstiones
Juris Pub., chap. 24.) This is strong language,
and is in itself a condemnation of this whole
agency. It is of the more weight, as the author
is our austerest authority on questions of the
Law ofjfations giving to the right of war the
strongest statement. According to him reprisals
are nothing less than "wickedness," unworthy
of a magnanimous people. Duringthe middle
ages and afterwards, reprisals were in vogue ;
but they have never found favor. They have
been constantly reprobated. Even when for-
mally sanctioned, they have been practically
excluded by safeguards and conditions. In a
treaty between Cromwell and the States Gen-
eral, there was a stipulation against reprisals,
"unless the prince, whose subject shall conceive
himself to have been injured, shall first lay his
complaint before the sovereign, whose subject
is supposed to have committed the tortuous act,
and unless that soverign shall not cause jus-
tice to be rendered to him within, three months
after his application." (Bynkershoeck, Ibid.)
This stipulation was renewed under Charles
II. The same principle was declared by this
grand pensionary, De Witt, who, in the name
of Holland, protested, that, "reprisals cannot
be granted, except in case of an open denial of
justice, and that, even in case of a denial of
justice, the sovereign cannot empower his
subjects to make reprisals, until he has repeat-
edly demanded justice for them.,'' _ (Ilalleck,
International Law, p. 310.) A similar rule
was also declared in the famous letter to the
King of Prussia, in the case of the Silesian
loan, written by Murray, afterward Lord
Mansfield, and so much praised by Montes-
quieu. Here it is said: ■' The Law of Nations,
founded upon justice, equity, 001lve"je,n,0®,,.no.
the reason of the thing, and eonfirmed by long
usage, does not allow J flnr>norted
casl of a violent injury, direo and ^PP^d
by the State, and justice absolutely denied m
