100
SUPPLEMENT TO
The other report offered in evidence—the
one revised by Colonel Moore and published—
is as follows:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Committee:
Languageis inadequate to express the emotions and
feelings produced By this occasion. Perhaps I could
express more by permitting1 silcnce to speak and you
to infer what I ought to say. I confess that, not-
withstanding the experience I have hud in public
life, and the audiences I have addressed, this occasion
and this assemblage are well calculated to, and do
overwhelm me. As 1 have said, I have not language
to convey adequately my present feelings and emo-
tions, In listening: to the address which your elo-
quent and distinguished chairman has just delivered,
theproceedings of the Convention, as they transpired,
recurred to my mind. Seemingly I partook ot the
inspiration that prevailed in the Convention when I
received a despatch sent by two of its distinguished
members, conveying in terms the scene which has
just been described of South Carolina and Massa-
chusetts, arm in arm, marching into that vast assem-
blage, and thus giving evidence that tho two ex-
tremes had come together again, and that for the
future they were united as they had been in thepast,
for the preservation of the Union. When the de-
spatch informed mo that in that vast body of men,
distinguished for intellect and wisdom, every eye
was suffused with tears on beholding tho scene, I
could nothnish reading the despatch to one associated
frith mo in the office, lor my own feelings overcame
me. [Applause.]
I think we may justly conclude that we are moving
under a proper inspiration, and that we need not be
mistaken that the finger ot an Overruling and Uner-
ring Providence is in this matter. The nation is in
peril. We have just passed through a mighty, a
bloody, a momentous ordeal, yet do not find ourselves
free from the difficulties and dangers that at first
surrounded us. While our brave men have per-
formed their duties, both officers and men <tuining
to General Grant, who stood at his right,) while they
have won laurels imperishable, there are still greater
and more important duties to perform; and while we
have had their co-operation in tho field, we now need
their support in our eilorts to perpetuate peace.
[Applause.] Bo far as the Executive Department of
the government is concerned, the elfoit has been
made to restore the Union, 10 heal the breach, to
pour oil into the wounds which were consequent
upon tho struggle, and, to speak in common phrase,
to prepare as the learned and wise physician would,
a plaster, hoaling in character and co-extensive wall
the wound. [ApplauseJ We thought, and yet think,
that we had paitially succeeded, but a& tho woik
progressed, as reconciliation seemed to be taking
place, and the country becoming united, we found a
disturbing, and marring element opposing us.
In alluding to that olement 1 shall go no further
than did your Convention and tho distinguished gon-
tleuianwuo has delivered to iue the reportof its pro-
ceedings. I shall make no-reference to it that I do
not beiievo the time and the occasion justify. We
have witnessed in one department of the govern-
ment every effort, as it were, to prevent the restora-
tion of pence and harmony in the Union. \Ve have
sof-n hanging upon the verge of the government, as
it were, a body called, or which assumes to be, tho
Congress of the United States—but, in fact, a Con-
gress of only part of tho States. Wo have seen this
Congress assume and pretend to bo for tho Union,
when its every .step and act tended to perpetuate dis-
union and make a disruption of the States inevitable.
lu<dead of promoting reconciliation and harmony, its
legislation has partaken of tho character of penalties,
retaliation, and rovenge. This has boon the course
and tho policy of one department of your govern-
ment. Tho humble individual who is now addressing
you stands the reprcM-utauvo of anotherdepartinent
of tho government. The manner in which ho was
called upon to occupy that position 1 shall not allude
to on this occasion; suffice it to say that he is hero
under the Constitution of the country, and being hore
by virtue of its provisions, he takes his stand upon
that charter of our liberties as tho great rampart of
civil and religious liborty. [Prolonged cheering.] Hav-
ing beon taught in my early lifo to hold itsacied, and
having practiced upon it during my whole public
career, 1 shall ever continue to reverence the Consti-
tution ot my Fathers and to make it my guide. [Hearty
applause.] 1 know it has been said, and i must bo
permitted to indulge in this remark that the Execu-
tive Department ot the government has been despotic
and tyrannical. Let me ask this audienco of distin-
guished gentlemen around mo here to-day to point to
a vote I ever gave, to a speech I ever made, to a single
act of my whole public iil'e, that has not been against
tyranny and despotism. What position have i ever
occupied, what ground have I ever assumed, where
it can be tiuthfuily charged that X failed to udvocato
the amelioration and elevation of the great masses
of my countrymen ? [Cries of'Nevor," and great
applause.]
fc>o tar as charges of that kind are concerned, I will
Sus that they ai e simply intended to deceive and
delude the public mind into the belief that there is
some one in power who is usurping and trampling
upon the lights and perverting the principles ot the
Constitution. It is done by thore who raako such
ehaiges for tho purpose of covering their own acts.
["That's so," and applause.] I have felt it my duty,
xn vindication, of principle and the Constitution of
my country, to call the attention of my countrymen
to these proceedings. When wo come to examine
who has been playing the tyrant, by whom do we
find that despotism has been exercised ? As to my-
self, the elements of my nature, the pursuits of my
life, have not made me, either in mv feelings or in
mypraotice,aggressive. Mynature, on tho contrary,
is rather defensive in ib character; but f will -my
that, having taken my stand upon tho broad princi-
ples of liberty and the Constitution, there is not power
enough on earth to drive me from it. [Loud and
prolonged applause.] Having placed myself upon
that broad platform,! have not been awed, dismayed,
or intimidated by either threats or encroachments,
but havo stood there, in conjunction with patriotic
spirits, sounding the tocsin ot alarm when X deemed
the citadel of liberty in danger. [Gioat applause.]
I said on a previous occasion, and repeat now, that
all that ws necessary in this great struggle against
tyranny and despotism was, that the struggle should
be sufficiently audible for the American people to
hear and properly understand. They did hear, and
looking on and seeing who the contestants were and
what that struggle was about, they determined that
they would settle this question on the side of the
Constitution and of principle. [Cries of " That's so,"
and applause.]
t X pioclaini here to-day, as I have on other occa-
sions, that my faith is abiding in tho great mass of
tho people. In the darkest moment of this struggle,
when the clouds seemed to be most lowering, my
faith, instead of giving way, loomed up through the
dark cloud far beyond—1 saw that all would be safe
in the end. My countrymen, we all know that, in
the language of Thomas Jeffeison, tyranny and
despotism even can be exercised and exerted moro
effectually by the many than tho one." We have
seen a Congress gradually enci'oach, step by step,
upon constitutional rights, and violate, day after
day, and month alter month, the fundamental prin-
ciples of the Government. (Cries of "That's sol"
and applause.) Wo havoseen a Congress thatseemed
to forgot that there was a Constitution of the United
States, and that there was a limit to the sphere and
scope ot legislation. Wo have seen a Congress in a
minoiityassumo to exercise powerswhich, if allowed
to bo carried out, would result in despotism or mon-
archy itself. (Enthusiastic applause.) This is truth;
and because others as well as myselt havo seeu proper
to appeal to the patriotism and republican feeling of
the country wo have boon denounced in the severest
terms. Slander upon slander, vituperation upon
vitupeiation, of tho most villanous character, has
made its way through tho pre^s.
What, gentlemen, has been your and my sin? What
has been the cause of our olfending? X will tell you—
daring to stand by tho Constitution of our fathers.
[Approaching Senator Johnson.j I consider the
proceedings of this convention, sir, as more import-
ant than those of any convention that ever assem-
bled in the UnitodStates. (Greatapplause.) When
X look with my mind's eye upon that collection of
citizens, coining together voluntarily, and sitting in
council with idc<i3, with pnuciples and views com-
mensurate with all tho States, and coextensive with
the whole people, and contrast it with tho collection
of gentlemen who are trying to destroy tho country,
X regard it as more important than any convention
that has sat at leastsmcel787. (llenewed applause.)
X think X may say also that the declarations that were
there made are equal with the Declaration of inde-
pendence itself, and I here to-day pronounce it a
second Declaration of Independence. (Cries of
"Glorious." and most enthusiastic and prolonged ap-
plause.) Your address and declarations are nothing
more nor less than areailii niation ot the Constitution
of tho United States. (Cries ot "Good!" and ap-
plause.) Yes, X will go further, and say that the
declarations you havo made, that the principles you
have enunciated in your address, aro a second procla-
mation of emancipation to the people of the United
♦States—(renewed applause)—tor in proclaiming and
reproclaiming these great truths youhavo laid down
a constitutional platlorm upon winch all can make
common cause, and stand united togothcr for the res-
toration of tho States and the preservation of the
Government without reference to paity. The query
only is the salvation of the country, for our country
rises above all party considerations or influences.
(Cries of "Good!" and applause.) How many aro
there in tho United States that now require to be
free?—they have the shackles upon thur limbs, and
aro bound as rigidly as though they wore in fact in
slavory ? I repeat, then, that your declaration is the
second proclamation of emancipation to the people
of the United States, and oil'crs a common ground
upon which all patriots can stand. (Applause.)
Mr. Chairman and gentlemen: Letme, in this con-
nection, ask you what have X to gaiu more than the
advancement of tho public welfare? X am as much
opposed to the indulgence of egotism as any one, but
here, in a conversational manner, while tounally re-
ceiving the proceedings of this convention, X may bo
permitted again to ask. what ha ve I to yam, consulting
human ambition, more than X have gained, excopt in
onething? My race is nearly run. Xhavcbeenplaeed
in tho high office which I occupy under the Constitu-
tion of the country, and L may say that I havo held,
from lowest to highest, almost every position to which
a man ma> attain in our Government. X have passed
through every position, from an alderman ot a vil-
lage to tho Presidency of tho United States; and
surely, gentlemen, this should be enough to gratify a
reasonable ambition. If X wanted authority, or if X
wished to perpetuate my power, how easy would it
have been to hold and wield that which was placed in
my hand* by the measure called the "Freedmen's Bu-
reau bill." (Laughter and applause.) With an army
which it placed at my discretion I could have re-
mained at the capital of the nation, and with fiity
or sixty millions of appropriations at my disposal,
with tho machinery to be worked by my own hands,
with my satraps and dependants in every town and
village, and then with the "Civil Rights bill "follow-
ing as an auxiliary—(laughter-)— in connection with
all the other appliance* of the Government, I could
ha\-o proclaimed myself Dictator 1 (" That's true,"
and applause.)
But. gentlemen, my pride and ambition have been
to occupy that position which retains all power i'n
the hands of the people. (Great cheering.) It is
upon that I have always relied; it is upon that I rely
now. (A voice—-"And the people will not disappoint
you.") Aud I repeat, that neither the tauntn nor
jeers of Congress, nor of a subsidized, calumniating
press, can drive me from my purpose. (Great ap-
plause.) I acknowledge no superior except my God,
the author ot iny existence, and the people of the
United States. (Prolonged and enthusiastic cheer-
ing.) For the one, I try to obey all His commands as
best I can compatible with my poor humanity; for
the other, in a political and representative sense, the
high behests of the people have always been ro-
spected and obeyed by me. (Applause.) Mr. Chair-
man, I have said more than I intended to say. For
the kind allusions to myself contained in your ad-
dress and in the resolutions adopted by the conven-
tion, let me remark that, in this crisis, and at this
period of my public life, I hold above all price, and
shall ever recur with feelings of profound gratifica-
tion to the last resolution containing the indorsement
of a convention emanating spontaneously trom the
great mass of the people. I trust and hope that my
future action may be such that you and tho conven-
tion that you represent may not regret the assurance
of confidence you have expressed. ("Wo are sure
of it.") Before separating, my friends, one and all,
committee and strangers, please^ accept my sincere
thanks for the kind manifestations of regard and
respect you have exhibited on this occasion. Ire-
peat that I shall always continue to be guided by a
conscientious conviction of duty, and that always
gives me courage, under the Constitution, which I
have made my guide.
William N. Hudson sworn and examined.
By Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. What is your business?
Answer. I am a journalist by occupation.
Question. Where is your home?
Answer, In Cleveland, Ohio.
Question. Whatpaperdo you havechargeof?
Answer. The Cleveland Leader.
Question. Where were you about the 3d or
4th of September, 1866?
Answer. I was in Cleveland.
Question. What was your business then?
Answer. I was then one of the editors of the
Leader.
Question. Did you hear the speech that Pres-
ident Johnson made there from the balcony of
a hotel?
Ansioer. I did.
Question. Did you report it?
Answer. I did, with the assistance of another
reporter.
Question. Who is he?
Answer. His name is Johnson.
Question. Was your report published in the
paper the next day?
Answer. It was.
Question. Have you a copy?
Answer. I have.
Question. Will you produce it?
[The witness produced a copy of the Cleve-
land Leader of September 4? 1866.]
Question. Have you your original notes ?
Answer. I have not.
Question. Where are they?
Answer. I cannot tell. They are probably
destroyed.
Question. Have you the report in the paper
of which you are the editor, which was pub-
lished the next day?
Answer. 1 have the report which I have sub-
mitted.
Question. What can you say as to the accu-
racy of that report?
Ansioer. It is not a verbatim report, except
in portions. There are parts of it which aro
verbatimf and parts are synopsis.
Question. Does the report distinguish tho
parts which are not verbatim from those which
are?
Answer. It does.
Question. Is all put in that Mr. Johnson
did say? •
Mr. EVARTS. He says not.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. Is anything left out which John-
son said?
Answer. Yes.
Mr. EVARTS. Do you mean the President
or reporter Johnson ?
Mr. STANBERY. "Whom do you mean by
Johnson?
Mr, EVARTS. There was another John-
son mentioned.
