3182
THE CONGrliESSiOjS"AL GrLOBE.
June 16,
choose that he should select a little from both
sides,^ so that there should not be any disturb-
ance in the effect on our national politics.
1 um not asking him to emancipateanybody
at present; I am proposing no bill; I am
simply criticising this bill for the emancipation
of rebels from the horrible condition of polit-
ical inferiority in which they are plunged by
congressional legislation, and I am suggesting,
simply as a matter of criticism, a sort of polit-
ical speculation of and concerning this legis-
lation, that when you come to pick rebels by
special delegation in congressional bills you
will be very apt^ to pick those who will vote
with you, who will assist you to hold office and
to maintain predominance in authority in the
Government of the United States ; and hence
the inconvenience of this system. I grant the
Senator from Michigan that if my political
friends were in power and were administering
a system of this kind Ihey would do precisely
the same thing. They would follow the law
of their own interests, and in emancipating
red-handed rebels, bloody from the terrible
scenes of the late war, they would select men
who would give them political influence in the
Government and maintain their authority.
The Senator does not perceive that my re-
marks, made only in vindication of the vote I
propose to give, were directed to this general
system, and were not intended to criticise or to
complain particularly of his action, because I
know that rests in human nature. We are so
fallible, so imperfectly constituted, that we fol-
low our own interests; and when we act as
party men we follow our party interests. It
is the system that is wrong, a system which
cannot be administered fairly and justly and
equally; which will always be perverted to the
interests of the party to whose hands it is com-
mitted. I am endeavoring to call attention to
this subject, so thatat an early day—not at this
moment—we shall return to sound principles.
Of course this bill is going to pass, and the
brain of the Senator from Nevada is doubtless
teeming with other bills, which will doubtless
be introduced by him into this Chamber, and
which, possibly, we shall pass before we ad-
journ. I am calling attention to the subject,
so that when the "sober second thought"
comes after a little, when the pinch of the
political emergency has passed, we shall return
to sottnd principles with reference to this sort
of legislation, and when we come to deal
with ''red-handed rebels" we shall attempt
to deal with them equally and justly upon
principles of public policy, instead of party
expediency.
Mr. ITOWABD and Mr. DOOLITTLE.
Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. I hope we shall have a
vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. HOWARD. Just one word. I wish to
make a single remark.
Mr. SITERMA N. T call for the regular order
of business, and I hope the Senate will proceed
with it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Ohio moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. STEWART. I call for a division on
that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call the attention of the
Chair to the fact that the unfinished business
comes up as a matter of course when called
for. It is not necessary to take a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
true. It was informally passed over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular
01 Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe I had the floor
when the honorable Senator from Ohio called !
for the legulai order of business; but if the
regular oider is up
Mr SHERMAN. It is up.
Mt. DOOLITTLE. Then I have nothing
t0 The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before pro-
ceeding with the regular order, the Chair
desires to lay before the Senate certain bills.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to make one
remark. I am very much averse to cutting off
the Senator from Michigan from any response,
and I hope the Senate will let him have the
flour.
Several Senators. Let us pass this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Debate is not in order
on that. I am perfectly willing to take a vote
on the passage of the bill, but  
Mr. HOWARD. But you are not willing
to hear a word from the Senator from Mich-
igan.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the friends of the
bill are not willing to allow a vote to be taken
upon it, when debate will evidently delay
action upon it, I certainly have a right to
object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
of the day is before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I move that it be tempo-
rariiy laid aside ; and let us try to get a vote
on this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. You have
tried it once.
Mr. STEWART. I know we have tried it
once, but 1 think we can succeed this time.
Mr. SHERMAN. You cangeta vote in the
morning without any trouble.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think there will
be any further debate. I make the motion for
this reason 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reg-
ular order can be passed over by common
consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is utterly idle to do it.
1 object.
Mr. STEWART. Give us five minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. Five minutes would not
be enough, nor twenty.
Mr. TRUMBULL, (to Mr. Shep.max.) Give
ns until two o'clock, and if we do not pass it
by that time we will take up your bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
agree to that if that is the understanding.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the regular order be postponed until two
o'clock, with a view of taking a vote on this
bili.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I have but a word to
say.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood I had the
floor when the Senator from Ohio called for
the order of the day.
Mr. SHERMAN. You can divide the time
between you.
Mr. HOWARD. The difference between
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania and
myself appears to be this, when expressed
briefly and clearly: he would pass a bill re-
moving all disabilities from rebels, making it
of universal application, thus readmitting to
their political rights every person who is al-
ready under political disabilities, while I would
simply follow out the policy of this bill and
readmit to political rights only such rebels as
have brought forth fruits meet for repentance.
That is the simple difference between the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania and myself.
Now. sir, I take it for granted that the com-
mittee who have had this bill under considera-
tion have investigated the merits of every person
whose name is inserted in the hill, so far as it
has been practicable for them to do so, and
that they have learned that they have become
repentant; that they are willing again to coop-
erate in the Government of the United States,
and to abandon the rebehsm which has made
them insane heretofore. Whenever such a case
shall present itself to me hereafter ; whenever
I find a person who has once been a rebel, who
has heartily, cordially, and honestly abandoned
his rebel sentiments, aud is willing to return to
his ancient allegiance, I will vote to relieve
him of his disabilities: but I wilt not vote for
a hill such as the Senator from Pennsylvania
seems to suggest, relieving at one grand sweep
from disability every rebel within the limits of
the United States. There is where we differ,
and there, I believe, is the point of difference
between the party to which he belongs and the
party to which I belong.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, this bill
assumes that the fourteenth amendment pro-
posed to the Constitution has already beea
adopted, and that these persons are in fact
under disability ; that, although as citizens of
the United States they have been convicted
of no crime whatever, they are under political
disabilities and made incapable of holding
office. 1 dissent from that assumption alto-
gether.
Mr. CONICLING. How does it do it any-
more than the reconstruction act?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to the re-
construction acts imposing disabilities I never
believed that an act of Congress could impose
a disability.
Mr. CONKLING. No ; but how does this
assume anything more than that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps it assumes
nothing more than that; but, sir, an act of
Congress can no more put a man under dis-
abilities until he be tried and convicted of
some offense against the Government than an
act of Congress could direct a guillotine to be
erected and drag a man to it and take his
head off. The whole attempt to do it is utterly
unconstitutional and void. But if the consti-
tutional amendment known as the fourteenth
article is adopted, then it becomes a part of
the constitutional law of the land, and could
impose disabilities. I supposed that this bill
must assume, as a matter of course, that that
article had been adopted, or it could not
assume to relieve disabilities. In my judg-
ment there is no such power. As a matter
of course other gentlemen who believe that
they have the power to impose disabilities by
law will take the opposite ground.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will
allow me, the bill was purposely framed so as
to avoid deciding the question. If you will
look at the woidmg of it, you will see that it
declare-! "all legal and political disabilities
imposed" are relieved. If there are any,
then the intention is to remove tliem; if there
are none, the bill will do no barm.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not care to dwell
on this point. The principal difficulty is this:
it is impossible for the Judiciary Committee to
try the fifty or one hundred or two hundred
thousand cases of persons at the South resting
under disability. The doctrine contended for
here is that the ease of every individual must
go to the committee and be examined, and the
committee must have good reasons for report-
ing iu any paiticular case, where a man is tried,
in favor of relieving him from his disabilities.
It is practically impossible to do justice to
these persons in that way. It is impossible in
the very nature of things. 'Therefore I insist
that Congiess should provide some general
law by which these persons who aie to be
freed from the disabilities existing upon them
can be tried by some tribunal, asit is impossible
for the question to be tried here inCongress.
As to the number of persons resting under
disabilities, some persons estimate that fifty
thousand will cover the number. Why, sir,
there are twenty-five thousand in Alabama
alone, as the facts go to show. Under the first
law that Congress ever passed on this subject
every man who ever held any State office,
executive, judicial, or legislative, who was
required to take an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, was put under
disabilities. The estimate which gentlemen
make of there being only fifty thousand of these
men is utterly without foundation.
Now, in relation to this bili, and simply to
show how unjust these proceedings must neces-
sarily be, 1 have before me papers from North
Carolina which show how these recommenda-
tions came here to the committee that the dis-
abilities should be removed from these two
hundred persons. It is a party recommenda-
tion of their party friends.
Mr. NYE. Let me inquire of the honorable
Senator if that explanation is from Austin,
