1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4207
Mr. President, the history of this bill in the
Senate must be well understood by every Sen-
ator before me—the reluctance of the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations to report it to the Senate and allow
us the high privilege of considering it, arid
the proposed action of the Senate to secure it
before this body for its consideration; and, con-
nected with this, the fortuitous and auspicious
declaration of my Lord Stanley, received yes-
terday by the cable, which renders this bill en-
tirely unnecessary. To which agency we should
be most obliged, the graciousness of my Lord
Stanley, or the utility of the cable, perhaps
will ne a matter of curious reflection. Prob-
ably both in this instance contributed, as stated
in the opinion of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, who conducts, so far as the
head of a committee on Foreign Relations of
this body can conduct, our foreign affairs.
The honorable Senator in discussing the
question of reprisals, which he finds in the bill,
treats us to a dessertation on the question of
reprisals pending war. This does not contem-
plate war; it does not propose to produce war;
it is not intended to regulate the action of our
nation or to affect other nations in case of war;
but it does propose that there shall be Ameri-
can statute law for the protection of naturalized
citizens who shall be found in foreign States,
and who shall have been arrested and impris-
oned and thus deprived of their rights and lib-
erty. Whatdoes the bill propose? Its language
is very plain. The first section provides that
"any declaration, instruction, opinion, order,
or decision of any officers of this Government
whiclideuies, restricts, impairs, orquestions the
right of expatriation, is hereby declared incon-
sistent with the fundamental principles of this
Government." I understand the honorable
Senator and thecommittee to be in favor of that
section. The second section provides "that
all naturalized citizens of the United States,
while in foreign States, shall be entitled to
and shall receive from this Government the
same protection of persons and property that
is accorded to native-born citizens in like situ-
ation and circumstances." There is no objec-
tion to that. The third proposes that "when-
ever it shall be duly made known to the Pres-
ident," for it will be remembered that the
Congress of the United States is not to be
always in session, "that any citizen of the
United States hasbeen arrested and is detained
by any foreign Government in contravention of
the intent and purposes of this act, upon the
allegation" by the nation arresting him "that
naturalization in the United States does not
operate to dissolve his allegiance to his native
sovereign," then in that case certain steps are
to be taken, particularly further where the
release of such citizen so arrested and held
shall upon demand have been unreasonably
delayed or refused.
Now, Mr. President, what is the state of
facts existing to-day? 1 suppose it is undeni-
able ; the truth of it is not to be challenged or
gainsayed, that there are many citizens of the
United Slates in British prisons, having been
arrested, tried, and convicted upon charges of
having committed treason-felony, but whose
trials have been conducted in that country, and
whose convictions have been obtained upon j
testimony of words spoken or acts done by
those persons within the jurisdiction of our own
country.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator hold that
to be contrary to American law?
Mr. CONNESS. I propose, Mr. President,
to make American law that shall make that
impossible.
Mr. SUMNER. There is nothing of the
kind in this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Many persons, native-born
American citizens, have also been arrested
within the British jurisdiction in like manner
as naturalized citizens, but up to this time I
believe every such citizen has been discharged
from confinement. I have in my posses-
sion affidavits showing that citizens of the
United States have been convicted upon false
testimony in British courts, and proving with-
out any question that the parties alleged to
have committed certain offenses were not at
the place charged at the time alleged; but by
the system of espionage and spies; by the sys-
tem of suborning testimony so readily and
easily, and so constantly followed in that
country, those persons have been convicted,
and are now immured in foreign dungeons.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
proposes that there shall be no law for their
redemption, and he says there is no necessity
for a law now, for Lord Stanley has said that
the British Government are ready to accede to
and accept the American views upon this sub-
ject, but they are not ready yet to make a
treaty. Well, Mr. President, even if they were
ready to order the discharge of all these citi-
zens of ours from prison, we should not be
prepared to accept it as an act of grace in lieu
of a statute on the subject by us. We owe to
these citizens the same measure of protection
and the same measure of defense that we do
any other citizens of the United States.
We are told by the Senator that to pass an
act of this kind is a declaration of war. In what
manner is it a declaration of war? I ask every
Senator present, and I submit to the common
sense of any man on this floor with his knowl-
edge of British blood, whether the British
nation would submit for a single instant that
we should treat their subjects in like manner
as they have treated our citizens. The hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts has called
our attention to the case of King Theodorus,
and says that to pass this law would be imi-
tating him. Why, sir, that ease is a most spe-
cial instance of the extent to which the British
nation and people are prepared to go when
outrages are committed against the liberties
of their subjects. King Theodorus seizes half
a dozen persons who have been interfering in
his local affairs and places them in prison,
deprive them of their liberty; and the British
administration organize a formidable expedi-
tion and send it forth for the special purpose
of redeeming those men and giving them that
right to which they hold every British subject
by nature entitled. They go there, at a cost
of millions, with thousands of men, and they
seize the capital and finally take the head of
that nation and destroy him, and they return,
received with welcome by the whole British
nation; and then what follows to the com-
mander of that expedition? The highest hon-
ors that are conferred by the British nation
await him and they are immediately conferred
on him. Why? Because he was the success-
ful agent of the British Government in redeem-
ing from unlawful detention and persecution,
half a dozen British subjects.
Does this bill propose to seize any inno-
cent British subject within our jurisdiction as
Napoleon did? Why, sir, when Napoleon
seized British subjects, as has been stated, it
was when the nations were in a state of
war. We are in a condition of peace; we
are entitled to all the consideration from the
Government of Great Britain that any other
nation is; and yet in time of peace they seize
our people and incarcerate them and punish
them. What do we do ? What are our pro-
cesses? We propose inquiries on petition
again and again and representation by these
men and their friends; and our modes of
inquiry are through the slow and tortuous pro-
cesses of the State Department, the examina-
tion of testimony and trials, and finally rep-
resentation and quiet protest. But now, Mr.
President, let me say (no matter with what
motive done) to the credit of the present head
of the State Department that latterly a more
vigorous protest has been made, a protest
deserving of the nation; but it comes very
late.
But when this case has been argued by the
head of our State Department with foreign
nations., he has been met in all instances by
the fact that we had no declaration upon our
own statute-books making law upon this sub-
ject. It was well stated by the honorable Sen-
ator while up, that the English authorities and
our own corresponded in this regard. Why
not? We derived our principles of law from
them, and they did not recognize in any respect
the right of expatriation. We are told that it
is now being conceded by treaties made with
some other Governments. Certainly, sir, it is
so; but when and why has it been done?
It is done because we are taking a rank that
entitles us to respect among the nations; but
except in t.he kingdom of Prussia none of our
citizens have been arrested outside of Great
Britain.
The honorable Senator seems to think, and
he argues, that if we make thi3 provision of
law, that upon their seizing our people, restrain-
ing them of their liberties, we pointing out the
illegal restraint, and asking for their dismissal
from imprisonment, and still they are restrained,
if we return and treat them with the same
measure of justice or apply the same act to
their people, that would be a cause of war.
Well, Mr. President, if that should be a cause
of war, in God's name what cause of war could
be more holy? Where is there a man with
American pride of character that would not
instantly fly to the defense of the nation in the
prosecution of a war for such a cause?
I do not, Mr. President, stand here as the
advocate of men who have been admitted to
our citizenship, and who go from our country
to others with a purpose of stirring up revolt.
If that can be shown in any case it justifies
their detention, and we have nothing further
to say. We defend our institutions against the
interference of persons both at home and
abroad ; and as a matter of course we concede
as widely that right to other nations. But,
sir, it would be indeed most strange if we were
not ready at this period of the world's history
to stand up in defense of the great principle
that a human being created in the image of his
Maker and, as we say, the peer of any man, has
the right to determine where his citizenship shall
be, what country he shall give his allegiance
to, what class of political institutions he shall
accept and adopt. The monstrous plea which
would deny that right at this age of the world
is not to be listened to.
I know, sir, that this is an important ques-
tion ; I know that it involves delicate consid-
erations. I would not for any consideration
but that upon which the pride and dignity of
this country rest and must rest do any act at
any time to involve us in difficulties with any
other nation ; but if we refuse the measure of
simple justice, the equal protection of all our
citizens, we should then repeal our naturaliza-
tion laws ; we should stop inviting men to come
and accept of their terms; and we should
declare ourselves, as we would deserve to be,
a people determined to have no intercourse
with other peoples; determined not to extend
our institutions nor allow others to participate
in them. But, sir, while we invite them and
while we offer them the means—the legal and
ready means—of equal citizenship with us, we
should stand ready to give them equal pro-
tection.
And, Mr. President, the-performance of less
than our duty in this case will not be justified
by the public opinion of this country; and it
is, after all, that public opinion based upon
common sense, and based upon a sense of
right, and with ability enough to know what
is right, that governs this great land. The
party that the majority of this Senate are repre-
sentatives of have recently solemnly declared
that the naturalized citizen is entitled to and
shall receive the same measure of protection
with the native citizen.
Mr. HOWARD. How have they declared it?
Mr. CONNESS. In their platform. I refer
to the platform adopted by the recent Chicago
convention. The Democratic party, too, going
before the people of this country for their votes,
have asserted the same proposition; ana we
btand before the people to-day asking _
suffrages upon that basis; and we c&nno , in
sincerity or good faith, refuse the measure, of
protection necessary to secure the independ-
