1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
less than it was, when we know it was larger
than there was any need of. That is a very-
plain proposition, and can be comprehended
without investigation and without argument.
That was the view the House of Represent-
atives took of it; and now the proposition is,
that without any good reason in the world for
doing it we are to add twelve hundred and fifty
men, and the appropriation involved in that.
This is to be done at a time when, as has been
said sometimes in satire and sometimes in
earnest on this floor, men of all parties are
conspiring with each other and talking about
economy.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
suggest that this bill, as we propose to amend
it, reduces the effective force of the Navy from
eleven thousand to eighty-five hundred, the
Navy proper just now being twelve thousand
five hundred, including twelve hundred and
fifty boys and apprentices.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know but that
a surgeon would think my friend was talking
about comparative anatomy from the answer
lie gives. What of that? The Army some
time ago was understood to be about a mil-
lion ; we have reduced that veiy much. The
Navy was very large during the war ; and we
have reduced that. Surely I am not denying
it; and I am not discussing any such thing.
That is not a standard to measure by. I am
speaking of the Navy normal; the Navy in the
conditions and of the dimensions which it was
when no rebellion raged in the country. That
is the normal standard and condition to com-
pare by.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, does tl«3
Senator say that our amendment increases th^
Navy as it stood then ?
Mr. CONKLING. I am saying, if my hon-
orable friend will attend to me, precisely this:
that the Navy before the war consisted of
eighty-five hundred men, and 110 more, and
it consisted of nobody else excepting an un-
fixed number of these powder-boys or powder-
monkeys, who were never rated as men, and
never went 011 the pay-roll.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is precisely
what we are attempting to fix in this bill now,
eighty-five hundred men and the boys, and the
Senators want to get lid of the boys. It i& a
big thing to get rid of the powder-monkeys
and the apprentices! That is all there is in it.
Mr. CONKLING. 11'my friend coveted an
opportunity to make a little rhetorical flourish,
in which his rhetorical figuresare a great deal
better than his arithmetical figures, it was all
right, and I am very glad that he interposed;
but if lie wants to know what I am seeking to
say, if he will pay a little attention to what it
is, he will see that I am not desirous to do any
such thing as he supposes. Let me restate
myself.
I know this is a small matter, Mr. Presi-
dent; 1 know that everything which involves
money is a small matter here ; and a member
of this body seems to become small by as much
as he espouses the idea of lopping off any
appropriation which he does not believe in.
Now, sir, in view of all that, I venture to re-
affirm, and I ask the attention of the Senate to
this proposition : before the war began, when
the Navy was large enough for all purposes,
and when it had within it superfluities, as we
all know—no matter of what committee we are
members—it consisted of eighty five hundred
men, and nobody else belonged to it except
this unascertained number of boys; and now
the proposition is to make the effective force
of the Navy consist of that and to add to it
some four hundred, more or less, of what the
honorable Senator from Maine correctly calls
apprentices, who are young men eighteen
years of age or thereabouts.
Mr. MOtUULL, of Maine. The law pro-
vides between the ages of thirteen and eighteen
years.
Mr. CONKLING. Will not my friend par-
don me, and let me once state my proposition,
which he seems not inclined to understand and
(jot eager to-have, anybody else understand ? I
know precisely what I am talking about, if he
will allow me to say so. I am talking about
these apprentices, who may be young men
eighteen years of age, and who, in point of
fact, as he knows and as I know from the
applications made to both of us for recom-
mendations, are not boys of tender years, but
young men seventeen or eighteen years of age,
and intelligent, too, who become, many of
them, apprentices, in the hope, on the part of
themselves and of their parents, that they may
go to the Naval Academy. Now, I say the
proposition is to add that to the effective force
of the Navy as it was—four hundred to be fed
and clothed and paid ; at least that, because
that is the number now; and then to leave a
loose and swinging end in the proviso proposed
to be added to the section in these words:
That tho number of apprentices and boys shall
not excecd twelve hundred and fifty.
Suppose the number of apprentices exceeds
twelve hundred and fifty, gradually as I think
it would under the inducements offered to
them, these boys, useless eomparative'y as they
are, go out by degrees and apprentices come
in; then what have we done under this pro-
vision? Have we not augmented the effective
force of the Navy, as to expense and everything
else, by just twelve hundred and fifty without
any reason in the world for doing it? That
is what I am talking about. It may be right;
but it is best to meet it fairly, and not to say
that I am denying the propriety of keeping the
effective force of the Navy where it was before.
What did the other House do about this
matter? The House of Representatives said
''that a total of eighty-five hundred was enough,
and they said that it ought to include the
apprentices and the boys. Why do you sup-
pose they said that? Because they knew that
apprentices were a part of the effective force
of the Navy, and they knew that by count-
ing the boys as a part of the effective force
they displaced and dispensed with just that
number of seamen, whatever it might be,
whether four hundred or five hundred or six
hundred or even eight hundred, as the Senator
from Massachusetts thinks it had become be-
fore the war began. That is what the House
thought.
Now, I submit that the logical point of this
argument, the particular spot which the argu-
ment should touch, is that which will be touched
when we are shown some reason why we en-
danger or neglect the public interest by dimin-
ishing the effective force of the Navy to the
number of four hundred or five hundred or
six hundred men. That is the point. I have
not heard that in the Committee on Appropri-
ations ; I have not heard it—I say so with
great deference—on this floor. No such argu-
ment as that has been made. On the contrary,
the arguments-is, " The effective force before
the war was eighty-five hundred; we must keep
it at that at least; it will not do to appropriate
anything less; and then, in order to maintain the
apprentice system, we must treat that as an
addition and put that on, and then we must add
the boys to that, and then, in the third place,
we roust leave it wholly discretionary as to how
many of these twelve hundred and fifty shall be
apprentices and how many shall be boys, or
whether any of them shall be boys." If I
understand tho meaning of this, it is simply a
provision to increase, as to numbers and as to
expense, theainourit of the Navy twelve hundred
and fifty beyond what it was before the war.
I may be very wrong in all this ; but I take
leave to restate it in order that my honorable
friend from Maine may not suppose that I am
lost in the mazes of metaphorical confusion on
this subject, or that I do not understand pre-
cisely what it will be if you deduct two from
four or if you make an addition.,
Mr. hTUiLINGHUYSEN. Will my friend
from New York answer this question: whether,
if the House proposition is adopted, we do not
reduce the Navy to a number eight hundred
less than it was before the war?
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator from New
Jersey assumes in his question: first, that there
were eight hundred boys before the war, and
second, that hit or miss, eight hundred boys
would remain in the service and -would dis-
place that number of men, then unquestionably
by the House provision the effective foree of
the Navy would be reduced that much. My
belief, however, is—and I think the informa-
tion of everybody who has any information
about it is—that the number of boys before the
war was larger than it need to have been, and
would have been but for the fact which I have
referred to before that boys were not rated;
there was no limit about it, and they congre-
gated and were about ships. The Senator will
see that when you establish a regulation which
does count the boys as part of the foree and
which does make it of importance to enumerate
them, there will be no more boys than are
needed; in other words, the thing will be
properly adjusted, and then I have no idea that
the number would be eight hundred or any
such number. That is the answer which I give
to that question, and that I submit is the com-
mon sense of it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand
that the Committee on Naval Affairs were of
opinion'that the Navy could not be safely re-
duced that number; and as the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs is not here,
it would be hardly prudent for the Senate to
undertake to reverse the judgment of that
committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know what in-
formation the Senator from New Jersey refers
to as that which substantiates in some way an
apprehension that we cannot with safety re-
duce the force of the Navy. If there is no
impropriety in it, and I believe there is none,
I may say that I heard no such suggestion made
in the Committee on Appropriations, nor have
I heard any such suggestion made here. The
suggestion which the committee acted upon,
as I understood it, in brief was this: that the
apprentice system was a good one to foster;
that if we left the provision as it came from
the House of Representatives—and this prop-
osition answers somewhat the argument made
by the Senator from Vermont, and I thought
of it when he was up—an inducement would
be offered to diminish the number of appren-
tices, to crowd them out in order to get in a
greater number of regular seamen ; and it was
upon that suggestion that the committee acted
in substituting the word "excluding" fertile
word ''including" to the end that the number
of apprentices might not be put at the discre-
tion or the mercy or the accident of any one.
That was the suggestion in that regard ; and
then the committee, (certainly I shall be within
bounds if I say that I do not think upon the
idea that the safety of the country or the
safety of the service or any paramount consid-
eration of that kind required them to do so.)
having changed the word "including" to
1' excluding." came to the conclusion to recom-
mend that these apprentices and boys should
be in addition.
Now, it is a mere matter of discretion in the
economical administration of the Government,
not overruled, as I conceive, by any consider-
ations so paramount as one of public safety;
and I submit with great deference that, it is a
most appropriate occasion for the Senate t.o
express its opinion, not upon the general sub-
ject of economy and wholesome administra-
tion merely, but upon a subject which lias at-
tracted the attention of the country and has
been discussed here; one of the two subjects
around which ideas of retrenchment and re-
form are most likely to gather. I think myself
there will be a great deal more of the Navy as
it will be left than is indispensable in any sense,
just as I believe there is a great deal more of
the Army than is indispensable. We have
talked a great deal about cutting down both
of them. Here is an opportunity to concur
with the House in what, upon advice and in-
vestigation, they have done, and in answer to
which, I submit, no argument has been adduced
sufficient to reverse it, and I propose that we
act upon it.
