4208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
ence of the naturalized citizen. He must not
be subject, when he goes abroad upon his own
legitimate business, to being seized and kid-
napped, or tried and thrown into prison with-
out due cause.
Why, Mr. President, the statement found in
connection with these cases should bring the
blush of shame to every man's cheek who is
an American. I have here the affidavit of the
companion of Colonel Halpin, a man who
won honor and credit in our service in the late
■war; the sworn statement of his companion.
Going into the port of Queenstown within
British jurisdiction, upon a French passenger
ship, both of them were seized on the 4th day
of July, and hurried off to prison. Even the
certificate of naturalization that Colonel Ilal-
pin had in his trunk, and also his passport,
Vfere taken from him, and he never saw them
from that day to this. The evidence of his
citizenship ; the evidence of his certified right
to travel according to the rule and comity of
nations, he was deprived of and harried off to
prison, and by, as 1 said before, suborned testi-
mony he wasconvicted for words spoken andacts
done within the United States, and sentenced
to penal servitude for fifteen years. He still
remains in that condition. What steps are
to be taken? Are we to petition her most
gracious majesty the queen for his release?
Are we to ask Disraeli to cease for a moment
his attempts to defeat the advance of British
liberality that he may give his attention to our
petitions for the release of this, our citizen,
deprived of his liberty? Or are we to affirm
his right, as we should, and accompany that
affirmation with proper means to secure his
release?
One objection is that it is conferring an ex-
traordinary power upon the President of the
United States. Who should exercise this power
but the Executive? What arm should be
extended, if any, but the Executive arm ? Are
we to be told that it is a power that the pres-
ent Executive should not have conferred upon
liiin? Why, sir, that is tantamount to the
expression of opinion that those now in prison
may remain there until we have a change of
administration ; Congress can take no act in
the premises but make law and regulation.
No step can be taken for their release but
through an executive act.
Suppose, Mr. President, if we are to rely on
the power of Congress to intervene by passing
resolutions, by requesting the President of the
United States, as wehave in some instances in
behalf of persons convicted of offenses within
British jurisdiction, to ask the Brilish Govern-
ment to release them, are we to remain in inac-
tion? If Congress be not in session, are our
people to be arrested and held and confined,
and no step to be taken ? Are we to deny the
theory of our own institutions? Is the Presi-
dent of the United States to be held to have
sufficient power and authority to do every act
within our own country necessary to carry on
this great Government, but not to be invested
with the power and authority to reach his hand
forth to a citizen who is seized by a foreign
Power and deprived of his liberty ? Mr. Presi-
dent, I shali be much mistaken if the patriot-
ism of this body, and if the common sense of
the people outside of this Chamber, shall not
demand that we have a law on this subject spe-
cifically reaching the ease.
I am a little astonished that an American
Senator should introduce here as a reason why
we should not act a dispatch relative to the
speech of a British minister who, in the same
breath which states that the American views
are adopted also states that they are not pre-
pared to make a treaty while these men are in
prison.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will allow
me. I will say that I did not assign that as a
reason why we should not act. I said i«i view
of that we might approach this discussion with-
out any undue anxiety.
Mr. COM NESS. Mr. President, the state-
ment of the Senator is worse than his speech.
Without undue anxiety we can approach this
subject, while our people are in prison, because
the British minister speaks smooth words!
The words that should be spoken should be
words by the authority of this people, saying,
"Let those who are held in violation of the
prirciples of natural justice, in violation of our
duties to protect them, be released." It isno
offense that we make this demand. No nation
has a right to complain of it. Those who arrest
our people and hold them in custody are the
offenders. It is not we who reach our arms
forth for their protection who offend ; we are
but in the plain line and path of duty.
Does any man suppose that if the king of the
Sandwich Islands should have arrested and
imprisoned a dozen or a score of our people
there would not have been a frigate sent to
demand their release? But Great Britain can
treat us with this indignity. It is a great Power.
We trade with the British people to a large
extent; commerce and capital are sensitive;
and human beings can languish and rot lest
they be disturbed!
Nor, Mr. President, in behalf of the release
of these men is one act of war or approximating
to war or justifying war necessary. The case
is so plain, so palpable, and the duty equally
so, that we have but to ask and we shall be
heard and obeyed. But, Mr. President, what
can we expect but disdain, refusal, neglect,
contempt, in the face of the speech that has
been made here to-day by the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations? My Lord
Stanley has said that they accept the American
view and the cable has brought it to us. Hal-
pin says, " I am for fifteen years at hard labor
as a felon," a man who was yesterday a soldier
of the Republic meeting its foes hand to hand
and shoulder to shoulder; "I have done no
act; I have committed no crime; I demand
your intercession in my behalf and my release."
The chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations of the Senate of the Republic replies,
"Lord Stanley says he accepts our view, but
is not ready to make a treaty, and the ease
should create no anxiety !" That is the case
stated, Mr. President. It cannot be evaded
or avoided.
The honorable Senator's dissertation on in-
ternational law, on the rights of belligerents in
time of war, has no application to the case.
When a single negro, male or female, is deprived
of the high privilege of entering a common
mode of conveyance on the public highways in
the Republic, my honorable friend stands forth
here as the exponent and defender of equal
rights before the law, and I aid him. It is a
big subject, Mr. President; for this nation has
been agitated deeply and widely by its correla-
tive questions. But when a foreign-born citi-
zen, taking the responsibilities of citizenship,
and bravely accepting them with all the horrors
of war, takes also, as he believes, the rights of
American citizenship, and is found in a foreign
dungeon, there is no resolution proposed by
the honorable Senator; there is no action of
the Government urged by the honorable Sen-
ator ; nay, he rises here and insists that it is
not necessary to act, for my Lord Stanley has
said, and the cable has brought it, that he
accepts the American view!
Sometimes, Mr. President, I have thought
that the men who entertain views might better
entertain something else. They might better
have blood and sympathies and courage, and
let the views take care of themselves, as they
would. A man starves, and the Senator does
not offer him a stone, but some common air,
not the substance of a stone, but soroe common
air. A man is incarcerated and in a dungeon,
and cries from thence and invokes a nation and
a people whom he has served so well, and the
Senator responds to him by offering views in a
dissertation on international law that has no
applicability to the case. Mr. President, this
is not a period for stuff and fustian. It is not
a period when stones are taken in exchange for
bread, or rags for raiment, or excuses for acts.
There may be, Mr. President, widiin this
Republic some citizens of foreign birth who do
not perform their whole duties to it. It were
a great wonder if it were not so, for it is cov-
ered all over with citizens of native birth of
like character and acts. The measure of human
frailties is too large and extensive to shield any
portion of human nature from laches in such
cases. Bat, Mr. President, it cannot be denied
that from, the source of foreign immigration,
that from the European nations and peoples,
this Republic has drawn and drawn largely to
contribute to its life, its vigor, and its power.
It draws yet from the source and with the same
results each year, each day, and each hour. It
comes to invigorate, to supply, to maintain,
and to defend when necessary; and all the boon
it asks is the performance according to the
rales of common sense and justice of our
obligations that we have voluntarily tendered
and made to them. Nor should it be forgotten
that people who thus come here and make their
homes among us forever are often found among
our very best Americans. Those of them whom
God has blessed with intellect, and there are
many, understand well what American repub-
licanism is worth; they know its value, they
know what a prize they receive, and their zeal
in every good work is constantly felt. Bat,
Mr. President, this picture is not necessary to
describe our duty, for we owe to the merest
beggar in the land, who is one of our people,
the same measure of protection that you are
entitled to, sir, from your high place. It is
upon that eternal principle of right and hu-
manity that the institutions of this Republic
are based broad and wide and indestructible.
I do not speak, Mr. President, for votes;
let no man say so. From the first hour of my
arrival in the Republic I was one of its devoted
people. I have no respect for any person of
foreign birth who comes among us and asks
and accepts our citizenship and who does not
devote himself fully and entirely to the Re-
public. I believe in political consecration to
the great work that this nation has in hand.
And now, Mr. President, when in the light of
the great example that this nation has set in
that greatest measure of human progress, the
separation of church from State, a neighbor-
ing nation grasps up the cause, seizes the cause
that we have illustrated and proved and is
carrying it forward to certainty of success, let
us on our part not be lacking in the demon-
stration that in other respects, too, our system
of Government is equal to every duty.
Now, Mr. President, I ask in the name of
common sense what have we done for the re-
lease of those persons who speak to us from
foreign dungeons. We have written letters;
we have communicated with embassadors; we
have sat in conclaves and committees : and ex-
cept the release of some of our citizens by
reason of the operation of the treaty recently
confirmed here with the kingdom of Prussia,
no act but one of disgrace to us has transpired.
_Let it not be said, Mr. President, that on
this subject 1 have any deeper feeling than I
have in behalf of every other human being re-
stricted of his or her rights. My life, such as
it is, has been an illustration of my belief in the
principle and in its universal application. But
I do ask the law-making power to make its
utterance, and make it a rule for the Executive
so that these complaints shall not be made and
still unheard. Let us not depend upon the
grace of foreign rulers ; but let us depend upou
the independent, fearless, and righteous acts
of our own Government.
I know, Mr. President, that I have detained
the Senate very long, indeed; much longer
than I had intended. I came to the subject to
submit the remarks I have mado without
preparation. I did not intend to do my little
part in this matter by the production of es-
says. I have never sought to make reputation
in tuat way. Every trade has its ways and
its tricks. To weave words is not one of mine;
but I can understand, sir. and so can yoa. when
one of our people is deprived of"every right
that makes life endurable while the power that
should protect him in them ail neglects him
and turns away from him. I implore and beg
that this shall no longer be our rul#; that we
