1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
mates and reduce them as much as possible.
The Commissioner attempted that revision, and
the result was a reduction of the estimates of
the late acting commissioner of over one third
nearly one half. But Bte told me afterward'
before the publication of this bill, that he was
fearful, from the increase of business which has
taken place in his Department since he went into
office, that he had reduced his clerical force
too much; that he could notget along efficiently
with that reduced force. But the committee
have reduced him still more and have stricken
out five of the employes which he had asked
for. The first of these is the statistician. Now,
I suspect that perhaps there is some misap-
prehension with regard to the duties of this
officer. His work is to collect the statistics
which go into the annual and monthly reports
and to compile, revise, and edit them for the
annual report.
Now, sir, when I state to this committee
that we spent last^year $159,000 for the print-
ing and binding of that report it seems to me
you- can hardly expect it to edit itself, and that
you ought to provide a man to edit, revise, and
prepare it for publication. With regard to
another of these employes whom I seek to
restore, the assistant superintendent of the
experimental garden and grounds, I desire to
say that the present Commissioner has consol-
idated what were heretofore the experimental
garden and the experimental farm, and by that
■ means has discharged the superintendent of the
experimental farm and an assistant superintend-
ent of the experimental farm, and a clerk, and
in place of all these officers he simply asks you to
let him have an assistant superintendent of the
experimental garden, at a salary of only $1,200
a year, in place of three officers, one of whom
received $2,000, another $1,600, and the third
$1,200. That seems to me a reasonable re-
quest. _ With regard to another officer, the
disbursing clerk, the Committee on Appropri-
ations have very wisely provided that the ac-
counts of the Commissioner of Agriculture shall
hereafter be audited in the Treasury Depart-
ment; but certainly some officer must draw the
money from the Treasury Department and
superintend its distribution among the various
employes; and I think that all these assistants
are absolutely necessary to the efficient, active
operations of this Department. I therefore trust
the committee will give the Commissioner what
he asks for, especially when he himself had
reduced the estimates by almost one half—by
over ninety-two thousand dollars. I think that
is all that is necessary to say on this subject.
Mr. BEAMAN. I am opposed to this amend-
ment, because I do not believe that in the
present condition of the country and of that
Department all these additional officers are
required. I will state, however, that if this
amendment shall be voted down I propose to
offer an amendment restoring two of these offi-
cers, to wit: the statistician and the disbursing
clerk, because the committee on reviewing the
matter came to the conclusion that those two
officers were probably necessary. If this amend-
ment shall be voted down I will offer the
amendment which I have indicated.
The question was put on Mr. Trowbridge's
amendment, and it was agreed to."
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. In line nine hundred
and two I move to strike out the word " six"
and insert " ten" in lieu thereof; so that the
paragraph will read :
For collecting statistics and material for annual re-
port, $10,01)0: Provided, That hereafter the accounts
ol' the Agricultural Department shall bo audited by
the Filth Auditor of the Treasury Department.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to call the attention
of the committee to the fact that this is an ap-
propriation for collecting material for the an-
nual report. We have never, since the exist-
ence of the Department, appropriated less than
$10,000 for this purpose, and have almost
always appropriated $20,000. The Congress of
the United States expended last year $159,000
to print and bind this work after it was made
up, and it certainly seems to me that when we
expect to make that expenditure for the book
we can afford to spend something for getting
the book up. It seems to me absolute folly on
the part of the Government to allow a work to
be got up on which they shall expend that much
money unless it is got up in the best possible
manner. TheCommissioner asks $10,000 in
his revised estimates, and the committee have
furnished him with only $6,000. I submit to
the committee whether that is a commensurate
sum to prepare such a work ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
call the attention of the committee to this way
of legislating, and to see, if we adopt these
amendments, where we arc going to land. The
committee has already adopted the amendment
of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Trow-
P.uttinS ™ ^ree or four officers which
the Committee on Appropriations did not in-
tend to put in. And I desire to call attention
to this fact: last year, when everything went on
on the most extravagant scale, we appropriated
for these items only $38,020. But, in conse-
quence of the pressure that was brought to
bear upon us, and knowing somewhat of the
temper of this House in regard to this ques-
tion of agriculture, we proposed to appropriate
by this bill the sum of $57,568, being an in-
crease over the amount appropriated last year.
But it seems that this Committee of the Whole
were not satisfied with that, and upon the re-
quest of the gentleman from Michigan, the
chairman of the Committee on Agriculture,
they have made an additional appropriation
for additional officers.
I desire to call the attention of this commit-
tee to the expense of this establishment, which
has grown up here. The Commissioner asks for
an appropriation for salaries of officers of
$63,640. Let me read the names of the various
officers he estimates for, with their salaries:
Salary of Commissioner  $3,000
Salary of chief clork  2,000
Salary of statistician  2.000
Salary of entomologist  2,000
Salary of chemist  2,000
Salary of assistant chemist  1,600
Salary of superintendent of experimental gar-
den and grounds   2,000
Salary of assistant superintendent of experi-
mental garden and grounds    1,200
Salary ol botanist  1,400
Salary of superintendent of seed-room  1,800
Salary of assistant in seed-room  1,200
Salary of librarian  1,800
Salary of superintendent of folding-room  1,200
Salary of disbursing and auditing clerk  1,800
Salary of chief messenger  900
Salary of two assistant messengers, $700 each... 1,400
Salary of six laborers. $000 each  3,000
Salary of two clerks, fourth class, $1,800 each... 3,600
Salary of four clerks, third class, $1,600 each... 6,400
Salary of six clerks, second class, $1,400 each... 8,400
Salary of seven clerks, first class, $1,200 each... 8,400
Salary of five copyists and attendants in
museum, $900 cach  4,500
Salary of two watchmen, $720 each  1,440
863.640
Now, sir, we cut off some of these in order
to bring the amount down to a point which we
thought the condition of the country and the
feeling of the House would justify. In regard
to the amount for the collection of statistics, for
which the Commissioner asks $10,000, we be-
lieved that $6,000 would be all-sufficient. Wo
thought that the Commissioner of Agriculture,
with this vast force which he has at his com-
mand, could call upon some of these various
clerks, many of whom are drawing high sala-
ries and are men of great competency—we
thought he could take them from their work,
or from no work at all, and put them upon this
work of collecting statistics. And I think the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Trowbridge,]
when he comes to look over the list of employ^
which the Commissioner already has, will come
to the conclusion that $6,000 is abundantly
sufficient for the purpose which we all desire to
accomplish—to have proper statistics gathered
for our constituents.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment of Mr. Trowbri&ge, and it was
agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Department of Agriculture:
For purchases for library, laboratory and museum.
S3,000,
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I have been instructed
by the Committee on Agriculture to move to
amend the paragraph just read by striking out
"$3,000" and inserting " $5,000." The De-
partment of Agriculture expects during the
coming summer to take possession of their new-
building, wherein they will have to set up their
own laboratory and library, as they will not
then have the advantage which they now pos-
sess of using the large number of books in the
library belonging to the Patent Office. I sug-
gest that it is but proper that a Department
interested in and controlling such an important
branch of the Government should have a re-
spectable library.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust the
Committee of the Whole will not agree to this
amendment. It is not for the benefit of onr
constituents, but for the ornamentation of the
new building now being erected over on the
island. In the opinion of the Committee on
Appropriations there is no necessity whatever
for any increase of this appropriation. The
sum named here is quite sufficient. If any
change is made in it I think it should be re-
duced to $1,000.
The amendment of Mr. Trowbridge was
not agreed to.
Mr. HILL. I move to strike out this entire
paragraph. I think it is time we should try
and get along without some small matters
which we do not need, such as this agricultural
library, laboratory, and museum. The cry is
coming to ns from different parts of the coun-
try that our taxes are too heavy, that the peo-
ple are oppressed and bowed down by their
burdens. I think in a time like this we should
strike out these small matters that we can get
along without for a few years longer.
Mr. MILLER. I hope the amendment of
the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Hill]
will not prevail. I for one would rather in-
crease than diminish this appropriation. The
agricultural interest of this country is the in-
terest from which, directly or indirectly, we
derive a great proportion of our taxes. I think
this is too important an interest to be neglected
in any way.
Mr. HOLM AN. Before the vote is taken
upon the motion to strike out this paragraph,
I move to amend it by striking out the words
"and museum" and inserting the word "and"
before the word "laboratory." I admit that
there may be some pretense of a necessity for
a library and laboratory in connection with
the Agricultural Department; but it seems to
me that there can be no pretense that there is
any real necessity for a museum. How is a
museum to promote the agricultural interests
of this country? And while the country is
demanding economy and retrenchment, why
should we unnecessarily vote money for fancy
articles? The people will pay their taxes far
more willingly if they know that everv dollar
of the revenues of this Government is honestly
and appropriately expended.
But, sir, these items for purposes of mere em-
bellishment and decora!ioD, though the amounts
may seem comparatively trivial, should be re-
jected in justice to the people whose labor
bears the burdens of the Government. I in-
sist that for matters of mere elegance or taste
Congress has no right to lay burdens, even to
the extent of a hair's weight, upon the labor
of the country. W e, of course, properly levy
taxes to meet the necessary exigencies of the
Government: but I contend that it is a crime
against the laboring people of the country for
us to ask them to bear any additional burden
to meet expenditures incurred for mere pur-
poses of embellishment. I trust that gentle-
men w-ho are so eager to economize in the
expenditures of this Government will oppose
these^ unnecessary appropriations and join in
carrying out the principle that the labor of the
country shall not be oppressed to gratify the
fancy or the taste of public officials.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
oppose the amendment pro forma, (although
ln '^ ^i) ask for a vote.
1 he amendment was not agreed to.
