102
SUPPLEMENT TO
down at this distance of time. It is my im-
pression, however, that there were as much as
that, and more.
Question. Can you say anything more than
this, that you intended to report as nearly as
you could and as well, under the circumstances,
without the aid of short-hand faculty, what the
President said ?
Answer. I can say, in addition to that, that
there are parts of this speech which were re-
ported as he said them.
Question. From present memory ?
Answer. Prom memory of the method in
which those notes were taken.
Question. What parts can you so state? As
to all that purports to be verbatim ax<s you ready
so to swear?
Answer. I cannot swear that it is the abso-
lute language in all cases. 1 can swear that it
is an accurate report.
Question. What do you mean by an accurate
report, and not an absolute report?
Answer. I mean to say a report which gives
the general form of each sentence as it was
uttered, perhaps varying iu one or two words
occasionally.
Question. I asked you just now if yon could
say any more than that you intended to report
as well as you could under the circumstances
in which you were placed and without the aid
of short-hand faculty?
Answer. I can say in addition to that, that
there are portions of this which are reported
verbatim.
Question. Now, I want you to tell me whether
all that purports to be verbatim is, in your mem-
ory and knowledge, accurately reported ?
Answer. It is accurately reported j I should
not say with absolute accuracy.
Question. The whole?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Now, in regard to the portion of
the speech that you did not profess to report
verbatim, what assurance have you that you
did not omit some part of the speech?
Answer. There are portions which are not
given with entire fullness; but the substance
and meaning in all cases I intended to give.
Question, What assurance have you that
some portions of the speech are not omitted
entirely from your synoptical view ?
Answer. 1 was able to take notes of yearly
every sentence uttered by the President, and I
am confident that I did not fail to take notes
of at least any paragraph of the report.
Question. Any paragraph of the speech!
That is to say, you are confident that nothing
that would have been a paragraph after it was
printed was left out by you?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. He did not speak in paragraphs,
did be?
Answer. Of course not.
Question. You are sure yon did not leave
out what would be the whole of a paragraph;
did you leave out what would be half of a
paragraph?
Answer. I endeavored to state the substance
of the President's remarks on each subject
which he took up.
Question. That is the result; that you in-
tended to state the substance of his remarks
on each subject that he took up ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And you supposed that you did so ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Now, was this synoptical report
that you wrote out anything but your original
notes that you wrote out that night?
Answer. Condensed from them.
Question. Condensed from your original
notes?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. That is to say, your original synop-
tical view, as written down, was again reduced
in a shorter compend by you that night?
Answer. The part of the speech so reported.
Question. And still you think that in this
last analysis you had the whole of the Presi-
dent's speech?
Answer. I endeavored to state his meaning.
Question. Now, can you pretend to say, sir,
that in respect to any of that portion of your
report it is presented in a shape in which any
man should be judged as coming from his own
mouth ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stop a moment.
I object to the question.
Mr. EVARTS. It is as a test of his accuracy.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. You may ask him
how accurate; I do not object to that; but
whether he thinks the man should bo judged
upon it is not a proper question.
Mr. EVARTS. I ask him if he professes
to state in this synoptical portion of the printed
speech made by him it is so produced as to
be properly judged as having come from the
mouth of the speaker ?
The Witness. I can only say that it gives,
to the best of my belief, a fair report of what
was seen.
Question. In your estimate?
Answer. In my estimate.
Question. And view ?
Answer. And belief.
Question. You spoke of a reporter John-
son, who took part as I understand you, in this
business ; what part did he take ?
Answer. He also took notes of the speech.
Question. But independently from you ?
Answer. Independently of me.
Question. But the speech as printed iu your
paper was made from your notes, not from his ?
Answer. Prom mine with the assistance of
his?
Question. Then you brought his in also ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. You condensed and mingled the
reporter Johnson's report and your own, and
produced this printed result?
Ansxoer. I did.
Question. What plan did Johnson proceed
with in giving the drift or effect of the Presi-
dent's speech? Do you know?
Answer. Johnson took as full notes as
possible.
Question. As possible for him?
Answer. As full notes as possible for him
of the President's speech.
Question. How much of this report, or how
much of this analysis or estimate of what the
President said was made out of your notes and
how nmch out of Johnson's?
Answer. The substance of the report was
made from my notes, the main portion of it.
Question. What as to the rest?
Answer. Wherever Mr. Johnson's notes
were fuller than mine I used thein to correct
mine.
Quest ion. Was that so in many instances?
Answer. That was not so in a majority of
instances.
Question. But in a minority?
Ansiper. In a minority.
Question. A considerable minority?
Answer. Considerable.
Question. Did Johnson write long-hand, too?
Answer. Yes.
Question. What connection had Johnson
with you or the paper?
Answer. He was the reporter of the paper.
Question. Was there no phonographic re-
porter to take down this speech?
Answer. There was none for our paper.
There were reporters present, I believe, for
other papers, but I cannot swear to that of
my own knowledge.
Mr. EVARTS. Wc submit upon this, Mr.
Chief Justice 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Wait for a moment.
I have not yet got through with the witness.
Mr. EVAHl'S. Go on, sir.
Reexamined by Mr. Manager Bctlek :
Question. You have been asked, Mr. Hud-
son, about the crowd and about the manner in
which you took the speech ; were there con-
siderable interruptions?
Answer. There were.
Question. Were there considerable pauses
by the President from step to step in his
speech ?
Answer. There were; and necessary pauses.
Question. Why " necessary?"
Answer. Because of the interruptions of the
crowd.
Question. Was the crowd a noisy one ?
Answer. It was.
Question. Were they bandying back and
forth epithets with the President ?
Mr. EVARTS. We object to that. The
question is what was said.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not adopt that
question. 1 will repeat my question whether
epithets were thrown back and forward between
the President and the crowd.
Mr. EVARTS and Mr. CURTIS. _ We object
to the question. The proper question is what
was said.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is your
question.
Mr. EVARTS. The question as put is lead-
ing and assuming a state of facts, it is asking
if they bandied epithets. Nobody knows what
"bandying" is, or what "epithets" are.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Do you know what bandying means, Mr. Wit-
ness? Do you not know the meaning of the
word?
Mr. CURTIS. I suppose our objection is
first to be disposed of, Mr. Chief Justice.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I wanted to see
whether, in the first place, I had got an intel-
ligible English word. However, I withdraw
the question. [A pause.] My proposition is
this, sir; it is not to give language 
Mr. EVARTS. There is no objection if you
have withdrawn your question.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I have not. I have
only withdrawn the question as to the meaning
of a word which one of the counsel for the
President did not understand. I was about,
sir, stating the question. In Lord George Gor-
don's case, when he was upon trial, as your
honor will remember, the cries of the crowd
were allowed to be put iu evidence as cries,
though it was objected that they could not be
put in evidence. But that question precisely
is not raised here because I am now upon the
point, not of showing what was said, not re-
peating language, but of showing what was
said and done by way of interruption. I am
following the line of cross-examination which
was opened to me. It was asked what inter-
ruptions there were; whether there was a
crowd there; how far he was interrupted ; how
far he was disturbed. If the President stopped
in the midst of a speech to put back an epi-
thet which was thrown to him from the crowd,
and if the crowd was answering back and he
replying, if they were answering backward and
forward, a man could very well write down in
long-hand what he had just said.
Mr. EVARTS. The witness stated that
there were interruptions.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. And I am follow-
ing that up.
Mr. EVARTS. That is the only point of
your inquiry.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I asked the na-
ture of them to know whether they would be
likely to disturb a speaker and make him
pause.
Mr. EVARTS. The question to which we
objected was, "Was there a bandying of epi-
thets backward and forward between the Pres-
ident and the crowd?''
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The honorable
Manager will be good enough to reduce his
question to writing.
Mr. Manager BIJTLER. I will not stop to
do it in that form ; but I will put it in another
shape. [To the witness.] What was said by
the crowd to the President, and what was said
by the President to the crowd?
Answer. The President was frequently in-
terrupted by cheers, by hisses, and by cries
apparently from those opposed to him in the
crowd.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
You have the right to refresh your memory by
any memorandum which you have, or copy of
memorandum made at the time.
