18G8.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1m
The Clerk read as follows:
For labor and repairs in the experimental garden,
and purchase of plants for the same, 410,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the paragraph just read. Mr. Chair-
man, this bill exhibits some features which are
certainly quite refreshing when we come to
analyze them. This economical Committee
on Appropriations propose to expend in the
interest of agriculture $31,000; $25,000 for
disseminating agricultural products or inform-
ation, and $0,000 for obtaining the informa-
tion. While proposing this expenditure of
$31,000 for a substantial purpose they propose
to appropriate §17,000 for the mere embel-
lishment of the public conservatories about this
Capitol—to furnish bouquets and other elegant
sources of entertainment $17,000 are to be
expended for merely fanciful purposes, while
$31,000 are to be devoted to promoting the
agricultural interests of thirty million people.
What are the items of this $17,000? In the
first place, §5,000 for the clerks or attend-
ants of the museum; then $2,000 for the super-
intendent of a glass-house for the keeping of
exotic plants, and $10,000 for the purpose of
experimenting in these articles of luxury. No
gentleman on this floor can ever, through the
instrumentality of this experimental garden,
send to his constituents a single article not
already produced by them. Grapes are occa-
sionally referred to as articles the propagation
of which by the Department of Agriculture is
beneficial to the country. Yet, sir, the very
finest grapes now propagated in the experi-
mental garden, are those already successfully
produced in the States of the extreme north-
west. From the necessity of the case this De-
partment of the Government can never serve
any beneficial purpose by the propagation of
agricultural products.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, with
all due respect for the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. HouiS,] I must say that I am per-
fectly amazed that a gentleman coming from
an agricultural State should display such igno-
rance in discussing an agricultural subject.
[Laughter.] Why, sir, are the farmers of this
country to cultivate pothing but grain ? Are
there not valuable fruits, the raising of which
may properly and profitably engage the agri-
culturists of this country? Sir, this experi-
mental garden is devoted to the propagation
of agricultural products just as necessary and
profitable for this country as almost any the
gentleman can name.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Will the gentleman be
good enough to mention something propagated
there to the benefit of the country?
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Grapes, apples, pears,
and similar small fruits. ' If they are not valu-
able in the production of this country, then, sir,
the State I have the honor in part to represent
has been far behind time in selecting its proper
agricultural interest, for these small fruits arc
raised there.
Mr. HOLMAN. I happen to be a farmer.
Now, let me ask the gentleman a question.
Does not the gentleman know that the experi-
ments on apples, pears, grapes, and such pro-
ductions as he mentions made at this Capitol,
really amount to nothing in furnishing informa-
tion for any other locality in the United States?
He kaows that no other locality would engage
in the apple or pear trade, on the result of
experiments made here.
Mr. TRO WiJlliDGE. If the gentleman will
examine the report of the gentleman who makes
these experiments he will discover his ques-
tions are all answered, and he will receive
information which he seems not now to possess.
With regard to his assault on the museum, I
was amazed at it. You can go to that museum
and find out just what it is, what is best to be
grown in each locality, what insects and ani-
mals depredate upon the various grains and
other agricultural products. You can get more
information for those desiring to engage in
these agricultural pursuits in this institution, j
than anywhere else in the country. Yet the 1
gentleman assaults the institution through which
40ttt OO\to. 2p Rkss.—Xo Y'2.
this information can be laid before the country.
I hope his amendment will not be agreed to.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For purchase of new and valuable seeds, and labor
in putting them up, 826,000.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move to strike out
" $25,000," and insert "$40,000."
Mr. Chairman, I am well aware, in asking
this increase of appropriation, I run counter to
the prejudices of this House. I am well aware,
in the expenditure of this appropriation in days
gone by, there was some lack of wisdom—some
things done which gave rise to complaints even
from the agriculturists of the country; but I
can say' that in the superintendence of that
department now there is everything that could
be wished for. I will give a little bit of my
own observation and experience in regard to
the dissemination of seeds from this Depart-
ment. About ten or twelve years ago, in the
State from which I come, it is known the wheat
was attacked by a little insect called the midge
and entirely destroyed. I have looked upon
hundreds of acres which promised fair to yield
thirty or forty bushels to the acre, from which,
however, not one bushel was gathered. The
farmers of that State were then saved in this,
their most valuable product, by the dissemina-
tion of a new kind of wheat from this Depart-
ment, called the Mediterranean wheat, lsay,
sir, in the State of Michigan alone, in the cul-
tivation of wheat, the farmers of that State
have been saved more than the cost of all the
seeds sent out since the foundation of this
Department. Although I cannot state clearly
from any observation of my own, still I learn
from some of my western friends that in the cul-
tivation of sorghum, or the Chinese sugar-eane
the value has been more to the country than
the cost of all the seeds sent out from this De-
partment. A friend of mine from Illinois says
that it is a hundredfold more than their cost.
And I can state further from my own obser-
vation that during the last season, while attend-
ing one of the agricultural fairs in one of the
counties of my district, my attention was called
to a fair specimen of oats. My friend says,
"There is the result of a little package of oats
you sent me last spring." The remarkable
thing was that they weighed forty-three pounds
to the bushel while the ordinary oats only weigh
thirty-two. Here was an increase of thirty-
three and one third per cent.
My friend from Illinois need not laugh. It is
not much the farmers ask. It is only §142,000
that we ask for this great interest. Here in
this instance was an increase through the
agency of the Department of thirty-three and
onethirdper cent, in this one article of produc-
tion. It seems to me the Department may
sometimes distribute valueless seed or seed
not adapted to the region to which it is sent
and it seems to me that impositions may have
been practiced, but they are all overbalanced
by the values that have been secured. The
Commissioner only wants one half as much as
appropriated last year. I think the Housewill
see that the country will be benefited by this
sum.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BEAMAN. Mr. Chairman, I insist that
instead of increasing this appropriation wc
ought very much to reduce it. I insist that
i?5,000 are ample for the purpose. What is the
object of making an appropriation for the pur-
chase of seeds? I suppose my friend does not
intend to supersede the seed stores of the
country. I suppose he does not intend to fur-
nish seeds for all the prairies of the West.
The object, if there be any object at all. is to
purchase new and valuable varieties of seeds;
and, sir, I aver that there has not been in the
last two years ^2,000 of the people's money
expended for the purpose of purchasing new
and valuable varieties. What is the character
of the seeds scattered over the country? 1
appeal to every member here—What have been
the kinds of seeds distributed? Have they
not been those that existed before wo were
born, such as mangel-wurzel, peas and beans,
long and short cucumbers, and such common
varieties ?
• Now, sir, before we take a vote on this
amendment I want to call the attention of the
House to this business of the purchase and
distribution of seeds. Gentlemen may recol-
lect that we made an appropriation for the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1807, of $60,000.
Now, see in what manner the appropriation
was expended. I have here a statement of the
Commissioner of Agriculture, from which it
appears that expenditures were made as fol-
lows :
For purchase of seeds $22,084 53
For materials and making seed bugs  9,703 42
For materials and labor in putting up seeds, 31,o31 40
For rent of seed-room  CoO 00
For freight  3 78
Total expenditures $63,976 13
Note.—It will be observed that, the expenditures
for seeds for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, ex-
ceeds the appropriation S3,976 13, the excess being
taken from other appropriations.
Thus it seems that for the purchase of these
common varieties of seeds, mangel-wurzel and
that kind of stuff, §22,084 were expended.
Nothing for new varieties of seeds.
Now let us see what was done with the
appropriation of $50,000 for the purchase and
distribution of seeds in the southern States:
For purchase of seeds-.  $18,229 41
For materials and making seed bags 10,071 76
For materials arid labor in putting up seeds.. 17,63114
For agent in southern States  658 30
For rent of seed-room   50 00
For stationery  2,731 30
For freight.."  687 75
United States tax on salaries  40 34
Total expenditure 850,000 00
Again we appropriated for the fiscal yea?
ending June 30, 1808, §80,000. How was that
money expended? Here is the statement of
some of the items :
For purchase of seeds $8,813 1A
For seed bags :  8.432 63
For labor in putting up seeds   12,473 54
Now, where is the necessity, I ask, for rais-
ing this appropriation to §>40,000? Why, sir,
we only expended §22,000 during last fiscal
year for the purchase of seeds, and we have
thus far during the present fiscal year used
only §8,813. How, then, can we need §40,000
for the next fiscal year?
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment by adding §5,000, making it $45,000
instead of $10,U00. 1 do it for the purpose of
saying that, having represented a rural and
agricultural district here for mauy years, there
is nothing in which my constituents feci more
interest than in the Agricultural Department of
this Government, tor the distribution of the
agricultural reports, and especially the dis-
semination of seeds, I have received, perhaps,
more applications irom my constituents during
my term of service here than for any other
purpose. With all deference, therefore, to the
remarks of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Beamax,] who possibly may not be a farmer
by practice, and may not live, perhaps, m au
agricultural community—with all defereuca to
his opinion, my constituents entertain a very
different opinion from that which he expresses.
They regard the distribution of such seeds as
are in fact distributed, however they may bo
characterized by gentlemen ou this floor, as
very important and very desirable to them. I
will not go over the whole polity of this branch
"of the Agricultural Department. Wo know that
before the war $00,000 ^ere appropriated an-
nually for this one object. We know that as
a mailer of fact this .Department has been the
means of great improvements in our agricul-
ture and has introduced many new varieties.
The gentleman speaks of the expense ot put-
tin  up these seeds. For the material and
making of these little cloth bugs that the seeds
are put up in the Department pa^s, I think,
two cents apiece. The immense number of
them needed of coursc makes a considerable
aggregate amount. 1 recoilcct some yews ago
agentlsiuan upon the stump taking up one of
