1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Internal Revenue and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury were very anxious, indeed, to check the
wholesale fraud now going on in the manufac-
ture of whisky, and we thought these sections
would do no harm if they would not do any
good. The Senate conferees, however, I may
state, were very anxious, under the direction
of the Commiltee_ on Finance, to put a stop to
whisky frauds by imposing at once a special tax
on all distilleries after the 1st of April or the
1st of May, at the rate of about four thousand
dollars on the lowest, so as substantially to cut
off the great mass of distilling in this country
and confine it to comparatively few distillers.
The House of Representatives were not pre-
pared at present to act on that proposition, and
the result is that we only agreed on these two
sections.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask the Senator a
question. Some of these distillers have large
stocks on hand, and some of them may be
obliged to sell at a loss, even though tlioy pay
the Governmentthefull tax. If a man is driven
to that extremity, I do not see the propriety of
our declaring that, because of his ill-fortune he
may be arrested and forfeit his whole distillery,
when it may be an actual necessity for him to
sell the whisky at that low price.
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; the House section
originally made that prima facie evidence of
fraud, but all that this bill does now is to re-
quire him to suspend. No sane man who did
not want to cheat the Government would carry
on the distillation of whisky in a collection dis-
trict where the price of whisky was less than
the amount of tax he had to pay.
Mr. NYE. Certainly not.
Mr.. SHERMAN. All this provides is that
if he should go on for ten days in succession
to carry on his business of distilling when the
price of whisky in the district is less during
each of those ten days than the tax, it should
be considered evidence of fraud sufficient to
authorize the1" Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue to seize the distillery and close it.
Mr. NYE. If I understand the amendment,
it is that if any distiller, carrying on the distill-
ing business, is caught in the act of selling
whisky for less than the tax 
Mr. SHERMAN. No. He can sell his
whisky at three cents a gallon if he chooses,
but he shall not carry on the distillation of
whisky for ten days consecutively if the price
of whisky in his district is less than the tax.
It shall be considered evidence of fraud. It
does not prevent him selling whisky, but he
cannot carry on the business of distilling.
Mr. NYE. I think that is more objection-
able. A man with a large stock of grain on
-hand who is not obliged to sell his whisky, but
has capital to carry on his establishment, may
run it for twenty or thirty days, or just as long
-as he pleases. There is no right to prevent
distilling as long as a man has money to carry
it on.
Mr. SHERMAN. A man would not carry
on a distillery in that way unless he intended
to commit a fraud.
Mr. NYE. I can imagine circumstances
where he might.
Mr. SHERMAN. If he carries on distilla-
tion after the market price in his neighborhood
shows that he cannot even get back the tax he
would have to pay he would be a rogue or a
fool or a madman to carry on business after
that time.
Mr. NYE. There is no law to punish mad-
men or fools ; if there was most cf us would
be punished. [Laughter.] But there is a right
in Congress to prevent frauds and to punish
those who commit frauds; but I deny the pro-
priety of that law which assumes prima facie
that a man is guilty of fraud when he is carry-
ing on business on his own hook and does not
offer his commodity for sale.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Nevada if this is a bill that proposes
to punish a man merely because he produces
Manor when the market price is low.
. Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is that this bill?
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 13f>.
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir; at any time anybody
is selling whisky in a man's district for less
than two dollars a gallon, the tax, he shall be
presumed to be guilty of fraud, and shall be
stopped in his business. I insist on it that
ought not to be done.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Allow me to say a word.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (.Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio is
entitled to the floor. He yielded to the Sen-
ator from Nevada.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
section read again.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggest to the Sen-
ator that it is due to us that this section ought
to he printed and the bill ought not to be con-
sidered now. It is of too much importance.
I\lr. CONKLING. Let us hear the section
read, and see if we cannot understand it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I movethatthe report
be printed and lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us hear the section
first
Mr. HENDRICKS. This bill affects mil-
lions of property of the people I represent, and
I cannot consent to have it acted on in this
hasty way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana moves that the further consider-
ation of this report be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And thatitbe printed.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
withhold his motion for a moment until we
can hear this section read again.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly; I have 110
objection to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not have the
report postponed and printed, and then we
can read it for ourselves.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is my motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is impossible, on
merely hearing several sections of this kind
read, for gentlemen to decide what the legal
effect of them is, even if they are read here
twice. The better way, it strikes me, as the
provisions appear to be rather remarkable,
would be to print them and let us look at
them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think, myself, it would
be better for the Senate to have these two sec-
tions printed. There are only two sections
that affect this matter—the last two sections of
the report. I am willing to let them be printed,
and take them up to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Letthe whole report be
printed, so that we may have it before us.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And let the bill be
printed as it will stand if amended as pro-
posed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the bill and
report as they stand be printed, so that we can
have them in the morning.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Before that
question is taken I desire to call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on Finance
to one clause of the report as I heard it read,
because I think an amendment should be made.
As I understood the proposition, it was that in
case of the exportation of goods for drawback
sworn evidence should be submitted to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue in writing.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely de-
sire to call attention to the great inconvenience
which will arise if that shall be put into the
law, because a party at New Orleans or in
California or in Maine would be compelled to
send here to Washington before he could ex-
port an article. The evidence should be sub-
mitted to the collector of the district.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. We discussed
that matter, and concluded that the question of
drawbacks under the law could not be left to
any one but the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. We have allowed six months to furnish
proof. That will give time to furnish it from,
every part of the United States.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I understand this is an
amendment by the House of Representatives
upon a bill which was passed by the House
originally and sent to the Senate, and amended
here and returned to the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is a report from
a committee of conference.
. Mr. BUCKALEW. But the bill originated
in the House of Representatives. Now, sir,
it seems to me very extraordinary that we
should take up a new subject of legislation in
this way. This bill passed the Senate after it
came from the House without anything in it
on the subject of the manufacture or taxation
of whisky. It goes back to the Ho'use, and
then an amendment is put 011 there, and we
have not seen it, but are asked to vote upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator if
we cannot tell better about it when we have it
printed and read.
Mr. BUCKALEW. But I am objecting to
this system; I am objecting to this mode of
legislation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We do not adopt it
now. _We only propose to have it printed, and
objection may be made to-morrow when it
comes up for consideration as well as to-night.
Mr. BUCKALEW. On a subject so import-
ant as this, and calculated to provoke debate,
and in which vast millions of money in the
country are concerned, in which the public
mind is deeply interested, I object to having
it sent into the Senate at all from a committee
of conference in this way, or from the House
of Representatives by an amendment of their
own bill after it has gone back to them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot allow my friend
to make this remark without informing him
that the House of Representatives put on this
provision, and it was sent to the Senate and
printed and laid 011 our tables and sent to a
committee of conference. This subject is not
introduced by the committee of conference.
My friend will understand that when the bill
whs pending in the other House on the Senate
amendments the House, after debate, put on a
section which, if this is obnoxious, was ten
times as obnoxious as this. It was adopted in
the House without debate. It was sent to us;
and with it printed before us we asked for a
committee of conference, and a committee of
conference was ordered ; and that committee
has stricken out nearly all that was objection-
able in the section proposed. There may be
something objectionable yet; and, as the sub-
ject has not been debated in the Senate, I
prefer that the report should be printed, and
tlmt the Senate should deliberately act upon it,
because it is an important subject.
Mr. BUCKALEW. My point was this:
that a subject of this kind ought to be intro-
duced on the bill at an earlier stage, either
when it was originally considered in the House
of Representatives or when it was undergoing
consideration in the Senate; that it was im-
proper for one House, when their bill is sent
back to them, to introduce new matter, and
thus to prevent the deliberate consideration
which all measures ought to undergo.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tionis on the motion of the Senatorfrom Indi-
ana to postpone the further consideration of
this report until to-morrow, and that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL Al'l'ilOl'KIATIOX BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to inquire
whether the naval appropriation bill is now
before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It ia now
before the Senate. It was simply laid aside
to receive the conference report, and is now
again before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. McCREERY. I move that we adjourn
until Moudav.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
