3186
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
people of the States to which they send their i
manufactured articles and where they are sold j
Should have the means of paying for them, j
It would add to their means, facilitate them in '
the acquisition of those means if there were a
more equal and proportionate distribution of
circulation notes among those States that are
the purchasers and consumers of the articles
sold at the commercial and manufacturing
emporiums of the United States. I think a
proper regard for their own interests would
induce the people of the States that have a
redundant currency to yield a portion of it, and
the result of it would be a return of the money
for which their goods and manufactured arti-
cles would be sold into the States, where a
redistribution ofthecirculation would be made,
a? l ^e'le.ve that this equilibrium, by the course
•of the business and trade of the country,would
soon be reestablished.
I think it is not only just, but it is the inter-
est of the importing merchant, of the large
manufacturer, of the men who sell their goods,
TtfOr.  -> rt w\ av.a!i n  .J it. i*
wares, and merchandise, and their manufac-
tured articles to those States that have a de-
ficiency of circulation, that they should be
reasonably^ and justly supplied with it. I
think that if they would consent to yield back
to the Comptroller of the Currency a portion
of their circulation, it would not only be to
the interest of the people of the States where
it would go and in whose banks it would be
placed, but it would be essentially and as
much to the interests of the merchants and
manufacturers of the States who gave it up.
But, Mr. President, there is a great principle
involved in this question. If I, as an individ-
ual, am in debt, and I want money to pay my
debts and am about to build a fine house that
will cost a sum incompatible with the payment
of my debts, what is my duty as an honestand
a prudent man'! It is to refrain from building
my^ tine house and to appropriate the money
which it would cost to the payment of my just
debts. This relieves me from debt, makes me
a freeman, for no man who owes money which
he cannot pay is a freeman, and it does justice
to those to whom I am indebted. The Gov-
ernment of the United States is somewhat itt
that condition. They have an Army of lifty-
eightthousaud men ; those men cost something
like fifteen hundred dollars a head per annum.
To reduce the Army thirty thousand men, it is
a, small estimate to say, would save to the
Treasury at least $30,000,000 a year. Let the
majority, let the statesmen, let the patriots of
Congress resort to that measure of retrench-
ment; let them reduce the Army to twenty
thousand men, and there is no necessity what-
ever, public, general, or local, that requires an
army of one man beyond that number, and
immediately the Treasury of the United States
and the United States are placed, within a
reasonable time, ill the possession of more than
ten millions of circulating notes above the
amount that is required to execute the provis-
ion that is now under consideration for dis-
tributing $20,000,000 among the States that
have none.
Sir, there is no better economy than re-
trenchment, there is no wiser statesmanship
than retrenchment, where expenditures are
excessive and unnecessary. If the Congress
to-day or to-morrow would reduce the Army
to twenty thousand men, they would by that
single step have withdrawn an imperative de-
maud from the Treasury of the United States
of thirty or forty million dollars; the $20,-
000,000 which is proposed by this provision to
be distributed among the States that have less
than their just proportion of circulating notes
wo.dd be immediately and conveniently sup-
plied ; and the policy could go into operation
without an increase of the circulation of the
country, without any expansion, but simply
by a just, wise, and proper economy in the ;
reduction of the numbers of the Army. I
1 trust. Mr. President, that the honorable 1
Senator from Vermont, or some other expe- j
rienoed and able member of the Senate, win put I
my amendment in proper shape. That Sen- I
ator has given a great deal of attention and
thought and labor to this subject and to similar
subjects. It seems to me that thepresent state
of things is anomalous, is unjust, and partial;
that it favors some of the States beyond a
judicious statesmanship in furnishing them wiih
a redundant circulation, and it withholds from
other States a necessary amount of wholesome
circulation. This condition of things has been
produced by the legislation and policy of Con"
gress. They have the power and they ought
to adopt steps and measures to reform it, to
equalize the circulation among the States, not
only for the benefit of the States that Would
receive a larger proportion of it, but the whole
United States, and that without impairing that
policy of retrenchment and reduction in the
currency which, in my judgment, is one of the
essenlial conditions to the return of specie
payments.
The PKESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky to the amendment of the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. CONKLING. Of course I shall vote
for the principle of this amendment, as 1 indi-
cated I should be glad to do yesterday before
it was offered. I suggest, however, to the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky that if he wishes
to test its strength fauly he ought to modify it
so as to specify an amount. There is a criti-
cism, perhaps as mere matter of composition,
to beraadeonthe umendroentas it nowstands,
•' that there shall be withdrawn from the States
which have an excess." What shall be with-
drawn V One listener might understand it to
be the entire excess, whether it was needed or
not; another mightunderstand it to be so much
as should be necessary. In any event it seems
to me the amouutoughtto be specified. There-
fore I suggest to the Senator to insert the words
the amount of $'20,000,000,'' They will come
in appropriately early in his amendment. Then
we shall have precisely the proposition in bulk
and amount that we have here, and the ques-
tion will be fairly presented whether it shall be
derived from an inflation, as proposed by the
original proposition, or shall be derived, as the
Senator from Kentucky proposes, by with-
drawing it from the excess of those States n<5w
possessed of an excess.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 understand that the Senator
proposes to modify my amendment so as to fix
$20,000,000 as the amount of the withdrawals.
I accept the modification.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the words "the
amount of $20,000,000'' come in after the word
"Department" in the Senator's amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall vote for this
amendment, but not for some of the reasons
that have boon assigned. Where the circula-
tion' of a country has the same value in every
portion of it, its distribution over that country
will depend upon the demands of commerce,
and I do not think it is much more important,
so far as the mere question of the supply of
currency in a particular locality is concerned,
whether the bank that issufes the money is ,
located in that locality or another locality, for
currency being the uniform value over the
country will Uoat to those localities where there
is the greatest demand for it. In other words,
I do not think it more important that a bank i
shall be located iu a particular city in order to I
furnish that city a currency, if the currency )
has uniform value, than it has that the mint j
which issues the gold shall be located in that |
particular city. The gold currency being coined [
in the city of Philadelphia finds its way as 1
readily into the western country, if there be a 1
j demand for it, if commerce demands it, as if j
the mint were located in the West. But, sir,
the business of banking under the national
banking system is a very profitable business, \
aud it is not just that a larger proportion shall .
be given to one section than to another. Jt is :
a question, in my judgment, of the profits to i
be realized ^by the citizens in the business of .
banking. For instance, the State of Massa- I
chusetts lias $40,000,000, as I understand is !
the case, above her proportion, taking the-pop-
ulation into consideration. Then she furnishes
to the West in proportion to that excess the
currency that the West must use in shipping
its produce aud its stock, and Massachusetts
gets the profits froiu the western country of
that banking business.
That is not just in my judgment. The bill
having uniform value over the country floats
to the West when the demands of commerce
require it to be there ; but New England hav-
ing the banking business given to it by partial
legislation, or by a partial execution of the
• law, is allowed to make many millions of profit
over another section of the country. That is
the reason, in my judgment, why the propo-
sition of the Senator from Kentucky is a fair
one and just.
Just how this shall be brought about of
course Senators cannot decide, but what ought
to be can be done. If the eastern States have
an undue proportion of banking facilities that
can be credit in some way. When the bills
are returned they need not be issued again,
and when there shall be a sufficient re'urn au
institution can be established in the West or
in the South. But, sir, I am not going to vote
for any bill that will extend in any amount the
banking currency of the country. I have said,
and I still am of the opinion, that the banking
system as established under existing laws is a
stupendous folly. If it be the business of the
Government of the United States to furnish to
the people of the country a paper currency I
cannot see why that paper currency shall not
be issued directly by the Treasury, with the
credit of the Government stamped upon it,
instead of this indirect system, which gives the
credit to the bank because the bank has depos-
ited in the Treasury the bonds of the nation.
The paper issued by the bank rests for its
credit upon the bonds of the Government; in
other words, the credit of the bank is based
upon the credit of the Government; and in
order to get that credit of the Government we
are paying as a nation six per cent, in gold
upon all the currency that has been issued.
The wisdom of that I have never been able to
see. I was not able to see it when it was
adopted during the war. I could not see how
that relieved the finances of the country. It
was claimed by very wise men at the time that'
it did furnish relief. It seemed to me, and I
am of the opinion still, that the credit of the
Government being the basis of the- credit of
the bank, the issue might just as well be made
directly by the Treasury without paying an
interest.
Now, sir, for the use of the bank bills the
people of the United States are paying in inter-
est, above twenty milli'on dollars every year.
For the use of some three hundred millions
of bank paper to aid the commerce of the
country the people are taxed to the amount of
the interest on the bonds tlmt stand as the basis
of that banking business. Why should that
be so ? Why not issue directly from tha
Treasury of the United States the Treasuiy
notes, and rest them directly upon the credit of
the Government, and save that $20,000,000
annually of gold interest,
Mr. President, I would not be in favor of a
sadden withdrawal of all the bank paper of the
country. This must be brought about grad-
ually. Instead of increasing the banking busi-
ness of the country under the present policy
and system, I am in favor, as rapidly as we
can, of withdrawing from that system, and so
far as it- is the judgment of Congress that the
Government ought to furnish a paper currency
to the people, let it be furnished directly from
the Treasury. Are these bank bills iu higher
credit with the people, do they furnish any
greater aid to commerce than the Treasury
notes issued directly?
This bill proposes an increase, to a small
exientit is true, hut it proposes au increase
of the bank paper of the country. 1 shall not
support that. 1 shall support the opposite
policy of gradually, but as rapidly as we can,
withdrawing from this system that taxes all
