104
SUPPLEMENT TO
taken up and were repeated sQmetiraes for
several minutes. There was all tliis time great
confusion, cheers by the friends of the President,
and counter-cries by those apparently opposed
to him. The President repeated his question
asking if the people would hear him for his cause
and for the Constitution of his country, and
there were again cries "Yes, yes," " Go on."
He proceeded in the next sentence to inquire
whether in any circumstances he ever violated
the Constitution of the country, to which there
were cries in response of " Never, never," and
counter-cries. The interruptions continued.
When Mr. Seward's name was mentioned there
was a voice " God bless him," and cheers for
Mr. Seward. He said that he would bring Mr.
Seward before the people, show them his gap-
ing wounds and bloody garments and ask who
was the traitor. There were cries of "Thad.
Stevens," when the President asked "Why
don't you hang Thad. Stevens and Wendell
Phillips?" and there were cheers and hisses.
The President proceeded to say that, having
fought traitors at the South, he would fight
them at the North, when there were cheers and
hisses, and there were also cries, when the
President said that he would do this with the
help of the people, "We won't give it."
The interruptions continued in the shape of
cheers and hisses and cries of the same sort
throughout the speech.
Question. Were those cries and cheers and
hisses continued so as to make the interruption
go on for some time?
Answer. Frequently for several minutes.
Question. In that time would you be enabled
to get, up with him and get your report out?
Answer. I was able to make during most
of these a verbatim report of what the Presi-
dent said.
lie-cross-examined by Mr. Eyaiits :
Question. You made a memorandum at the
time of these interruptions?
Answer. I did.
Question. Of these cries and hisses?
Answer. I did.
Question. And while you were doing that
you could catcil up with reporting tho Presi-
dent's speech, could you?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Now, sir, have you not in every
statement that yon have made of these inter-
ruptions read from that, newspaper before
you?
Answer. I have read from the newspaper
some. I think that every one was in the news-
paper.
Question. Are you not quite sure of it?
Answer. I will not be positive.
Question. Not positive but that you remem-
ber some that are not in the newspaper?
Answer. Possibly.
Question. Have you forgotten any that were
in the newspaper?
Answer. No. I have not given all that
occurred in the newspaper.
Question. Without that newspaper, do you
recollect any of those interruptions?
Answer, 1 do.
Question. All of them?
Answer. I should not be able to give all of
them without the aid of the memorandum.
Question. Did yon not make a full report
of these interruptions on your notes?
Answer. I did.
Question. Of all that the crowd said?
Answer. Not of all that they said.
Question. Why not of all that they said?
Answer. Of ail that I was able to catch.
Question. All that you could put down?
Answer. Yes.
Question. You got all that you could put
down, and you left out some of what they said
because you had not time to put it down ; and
yet you were catching up with the President?
Answer. I gave my first attention to report-
ing the President. Whatever time I had for
putting down cries besides that I did so.
By Mr. Senator Grimes :
Question. I desire the witness to specify
the particular part of the report, as published,
which was supplied by the reporter Johnson?
Answer. It is impossible for me to do that at
this time.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. If the Senator
will allow me, I will ask the witness whether
any special part of the report itself was sup-
plied by Johnson or whether it was only cor-
rected by Johnson's notes?
The Witness. The report was made out
from my notes, corrected by Mr. Johnson's
notes. I cannot say whether there were entire
sentences from Mr. Johnson's notes or not.
By Mr. Manager Butlbu. :
Question. I will ask you whether there can
be such practice in reporting as to enable a
person by long-hand to make out a substantially
accurate report?
Mr. EVARTS. To that we object. You
can ask whether this witness by his practice
can do it, not whether other people can do it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Have you had such practice?
Answer. I have had considerable practice in
reporting in this way, and can make out a sub-
stantially accurate report.
[The witness, at the request of the honorable
Manager, put his initials on the newspaper to
which he had referred, the Cleveland Leader
of September 4, 1866.]
Daniel C. McEwex sworn and examined.
By Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. What is your profession?
Answer. Short-hand writer.
Question. How long has that been your pro-
fession?
Answer. For about four or live years, I should
judge.
Question. Were you employed in Septem-
ber, 1SGG, in reporting for any paper?
Answer. I was.
Question. What paper?
Answer. The New York World.
Question. Did you accompany Mr. Johnson
and the presidential party when they went to
lay the corner-stone of a monument in honor
of Mr. Douglas?
Answer. 1 did.
Question. Where did you join the party?
Answer. I joined the party at West Point,
New York.
Question. IIow long did you continue with
the party?
Answer. I continued with them till they ar-
rived at Cincinnati, on their return.
Question. Did you go professionally as a
reporter?
Answer. I did.
Question Had you accommodation in the
train as such?
Answer. I had.
Question. The entree of the President's car?
Answer. I had.
Question. Were you at Cleveland?
Answer. I was.
Question. Did you make a report of his
speech at Cleveland from the balcony ?
Answer. I did.
Question. IIow, phonographically or steno-
graphically ?
Answer. Stenographieally.
Question. Have you your notes ?
Answer. I have.
Question. Here?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Produce them. [The witness
produced a memorandum-book.] Have you,
at my request, copied out those notes since you
have been here?
Answer. I have.
Question, (exhibiting a manuscript to the
witness.) Is that the copy of them?
Answer. It appears to be.
Question. Is that an accurate copy of your
notes ?
Answer. It is.
Question. How accurate a report of the
speech is your notes ?
Answer. My notes are, I consider, very ac-
curate so far as I took them. Some few sen-
tences in the speech were interrupted by con-
fusion in the crowd, which I have indicated in
making the transcript, and the parts about
which I am uncertain I inclose in brackets.
Question. Where you have not inclosed in
brackets, how is the transcript?
Answer. Correct.
Question. Was your report published?
Answer. I cannot say. I took notes of the
speech, but owing to the lateness of the hour—
it was eleven o'clock or after—it was impossi-
ble for me to write out a report of the speech
and send it to the paper which I represented.
Therefore I went to the telegraph office after
the speech was givenand dictated some of my
notes to other reporters and correspondents,
and we made a report which we gave to the
agent of the Associated Press, Mr. Gobright.
Question. Did the agent of the Associated
Press accompany the presidential party for
a purpose ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Was it his business and duty to
forward reports of speeches ?
Answer. I supposed it to be.
Question. Did you so deal with him ?
Ansieer. I did.
Question. Have you put down the cheers
and interruptions of the crowd or any portion
of them ? t
Answer. I have put down a portion of them.
It was impossible to take them all.
Question. State whether there was a good
deal of confusion and noise there?
Answer. There was a great deal of it.
Question. Exhibition of ill-feeling and tem-
per ?
Answer. I thought there was.
Question. On the part of the crowd ?
Answer. On the part of the crowd.
Question. How on the part of the Presi-
dent?
Answer. He seemed a little excited.
Question. Do you remember anything said
there to him by the crowd about keeping his
dignity ?
Answer. I have not it in my notes.
Question. Do you remember it?
Answer. I do not remember it from hearing.
Question. Was anything said about not get-
ting mad?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Did the crowd caution him not to
get mad?
Answer. The words used were, "Don't get
mad, Andy."
Question. Washethen speakingin consider-
able excitement or otherwise? Did he appear
considerably excited at that moment when they
told him not to get mad?
Mr. EVARTS. That is notany part of the
present inquiry, which is to verify these notes,
to see whether they shall be in evidence or not.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I understand; but
I want to get as much as I can from memory
and as much as I can from notes, and both
together will make a perfect transcript of the
scene.
Mr. EVARTS. But the present inquiry, I
understand, is a verification of notes. When-
ever that is abandoned and you go by memory
let us know it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The allegation is
that it was a scandalous and disgraceful scene.
The difference between us is that the counsel
for the President claim the freedom of speech
and we claim the decency of speech. We are
now trying to show the indecency of the occa-
sion. That is the point between us, and the
surroundings are as much part of the occasion
as what was said.
Mr. EVARTS. I understand you regard
the freedom of speech in this country to be
limited to the right of speaking properly and
discreetly.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Oh, no. I regard
freedom of speech in this country the freedom
to say anything by a private citizen in a decent
manner.
Mr. EVARTS. That is the same thing.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Qla no.
