1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
these agricultural reports and showing that there
had been paid $10,000 for the picture of some
animal. On examination it turned out that it
was a lithograph for which, I believe, the pay-
ment had been two cents or two and a half
cents for each copy, and it was the immense
number of copies that had been inserted in the
agricultural reports and distributed through the
country that produced what seemed to be a large
sum paid for a single picture. This argument
of the gentleman upon the expense of putting
up the seeds and distributing them simply
shows the immense number that are distributed)
the sub-division and wide dissemination. Now,
I am well aware that gentlemen who live in
large cities or in the neighborhood of large
towns can rely on the seed stores where you get
the ordinary and usual varieties, such as are in
demand; the new varieties very seldom.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Trowbridge's
amendment; and being put, the amendment
was rejected—ayes 42, noes 55.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to add to
the paragraph the following:
_ But no part of this money shall ba appropriated
m purchasing old seeds, or such as have heretofore
been distributed by the Agricultural Department or
the Patent Office.
Mr. Chairman, it is very necessary that we
should adopt some provision of this kind. I
find that the Agricultural Department is now
distributing the very same kinds of seeds that
were distributed by the Patent Office ten years
ago. Wo get the same Stowell's evergreen
corn, the same kinds of beets and cabbages
and marrowfat peas precisely that they have
all over my country, and that were distributed
ten years ago. I desire that the Agricultural
Department shall expend the money we give
them in the purchase of rare seeds and seeds
that are not common ; not that they shall go
to the old seed stores and purchase up their
old seeds which have laid over for a year or
two and distribute them to the country as new
and rare and excellent seeds.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer a substitute for the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois in
the following words:
Provided, however. That the seeds so purchased
shall be such as are of new and improved varieties,
sad adapted to general cultivation throughout the
United States.
It is very clear that to exclude the Com-
missioner of Agriculture entirely from the right
to purchase old seeds would prevent him from
distributing in certain localities varieties which
have not yet been introduced there, but I do
insist that the money should be expended in
the purchase of seeds which are adapted to
general cultivation throughout the country.
Now, one word further. I think the coun-
try is unfortunate in being represented on this
floor by very few farmers, very few gentlemen
having practical knowledge of farming. Why,
the very Committee on Agriculture is com-
posed of professional gentlemen who know
nothing at all about agriculture except what
they learned at school from the bucolics of
Virgil and the old romances of the Greeks and
Romans. The truth is that the subject of
agriculture receives no attention here. For
fancy embellishments, hot-houses, and exotic
plants thousands of dollars are expended, but
when an appropriation of only $4,000 is_asked
for the agricultural interests of forty millions
of people, why the professional element ou this
floor, after enjoying the fragrance of innumer-
able bouquets at the public expense, coolly
votes down the appropriation of even that small
sum! Sir, I hope the day will come when there
■will be more of us who are practical farmers
on this floor, and when we become a power
here the interests of agriculture will receive
more grave consideration than they now do.
Because it happens that poor seeds are some-
times distributed does it therefore follow that
we must abandon every effort to improve the
arts of agriculture and cultivation ? Does not
the gentleman know that if, once in five years,
a new and valuable variety of seed is intro-
duced generally throughout the country it more
than compensates for every dollar that may
have been expended by the Government for
thiswhole Department? I trust the gentleman
will accept my amendment as a substitute for
his.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not like the
amendment proposed by the gentleman because
it leaves the Department to judge what is a new
variety. If we say by this bill that they shall
not use this money for the purchase of old seeds,
or such varieties as have heretofore been dis-
tributed, then they are precluded from doing so.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I suggest to the gen-
tleman to add to his amendment the words
" and only for such as are adapted to general
cultivation throughout the United States."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. . If I understand the
suggestion of the gentleman, I do not know
that I object to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee now rise for the purpose
of closing debate.
The motiori was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Orth having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the
special order under consideration, being House
bill No. 605, making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1869, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. .1 move
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the special order,
the legislative, &c., appropriation bill; and
pending that motion I move that all debate
upon the pending paragraph be closed in two
minutes after the committee resumes the con-
sideration of the same.
The question was taken on the motion to
close debate; and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole; and it
was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr, Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the special
order, being the bill (H. R. No. 605) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1869.
The pending paragraph was as follows:
For purchase of new and valuable seeds and labor
in putting them up, $25,000.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Farnswortii.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate upon the pending paragraph and
amendments thereto is to be closed in two
minutes.
Mr. MYERS. I have but a word or two to
say upon this subject. I hope that the pro-
viso offered by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Fahjjswortii] will be adopted. The new
Commissioner of Agriculture has informed us
that he does not intend or desire to send out
hereafter any but what he terms " new and val-
uable species and varieties of seeds." There-
fore he can have no objection to this proviso.
But I desire Congress to adopt it for another
reason. Hitherto the Commissioners of Ag-
riculture have sent out large quantities of new
seeds but of old varieties. Under the law as
it then stood, the Commissioner entered into
contracts with parties for these new seeds of
old varieties. As I understand, the present
Commissioner desires to repudiate those con-
tracts and not pay for the seeds which have
been accepted by the officers of the Govern-
ment and distributed to the people of this
country. I think those contracts legally made
should be carried out in good faith, but that
for the future the Commissioner shall be re-
stricted to the purchase of new and valuable
varieties of seeds. I hope, therefore, the pro-
viso will be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.}
The CHAIRMAN. All debate upon the
pending paragraph has bow terminated by
order of the House.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. FARNSwoBTa, as modified, to add
to the pending paragraph the following:
But no part of this money shall be expended ill
purchasing old seeds or such as haveheretoforo been
distributed by the Agricultural Department or the
Superintendent, and only tor such as are adapted to
general cultivation throughout the United Mates.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say that
the last clause of that amendment was not
fully understood by me when it was suggested
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hol-
man,] or I should not have accepted it.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment as modified; and upon a division there
were—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now move my
original amendment to add to the paragraph
the following:
But no part of this money shall fee expended in
purchasing old seeds or such as have heretofore been
distributed by the Agricultural Department or the
Patent Office.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
sion there were—ayes 34, noes 59; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Farns-
worth and Trowbridge were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 28, noes 68.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move to amend the
pending paragraph by striking out "twenty"
and inserting "thirty;" so as to make the para-
graph read:
For purchase of new and valuable seeds and labor
in putting them up, $35,000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DODGE. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the pending paragraph the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That seventy-five per cent, of the seeds
shall be distributed through the members of Congress.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the following:
For painting walls and fitting up bath-rooms,
$6,255.
Mr. DRIGGS. I desire to move an amend-
ment to lines nine hundred and twenty-one and
nine hundred and twenty-two.
The CHAIRMAN. That would not be in
order. The committee has passed that para-
The Clerk read as follows :
For grading, formingroads and walks, and improv-
ing the grounds, $5,000.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I am instructed by
the Committee on Agriculture to move to amend
the paragraph just read by striking out " five"
and inserting "twelve," so as to make the
appropriation $12,000. This appropriation is
for thepurpose of improving the grounds around
the new agricultural building. The Govern-
ment has already made an expenditure of about
one hundred thousand dollars for the erection
of the building, and this bill proposes to appro-
priate for that purpose nearly fifty thousand
dollars more. The building should not stand
out in a vacant lot without any cultivation;
and I submit to the committee whether $5,000
is a suffieientappropriation for improving thirty-
five acres of ground. It seems to me the grounds
around that building should be improved in a
style commensurate with the building itself
and with the other appropriations which are
being made. The Commissioner of Agricul-
ture asked for $12,000, and the Committee ou
Appropriations have reported an appropriation
of $5,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. TheCom-
mittee on Appropriations cut down the amount
from $12,000 to $5,000, After fully consid-
ering the question, they believed $5,000 abun-
dantly sufficient to do all the work that will
