1=868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2163
one or more railroad routes, and the same was
laid on the table.
i'ay of jurors.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the same commit
tee, reported back House bill No. 480, in rela-
tion to the pay of grand and petit jurors in the
District of Columbia, with an amendment.
The bill provides that from and after the
1st of December, 1867, the pay of grand and
petit jurors oi the supreme court of the District
of Columbia shall be five dollars per day for
each and every day while engaged in attendance
before said court.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the same point
of order, that, this is not a private bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
.it is a private bill, as it relates exclusively to
grand and petit jurors.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The amendment of the
committee is to strike out '"five" and insert
" three." I nowdemand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
. Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, would it be
in order to enter a protest against the ruling
of the Chair being drawn into a precedent
hereafter?
The SPEAKER. It will not, as no appeal
was taken from the decision of the Chair.
WEIGHTS IN TIIB DISTRICT.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the same commit-
tee, also reported back House bill No. G54, in
relation to weights in the District of Columbia,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the point that
this is not a private bill.
The SPEAKER. It is a public bill by its
title.
evidence of marriage.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the same commit-
tee, also reported back House bill No. 414, to
preserve evidence of marriage in the District
of Columbia, with the recommendation that it
do pass.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the point that
this also is a public bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides it is a
public bill.
Mr. MOLLINS. It seems to me if there is
any private bill at all this is a private bill.
The SPEAKER. It is general in its opera-
tions, and is therefore a public bill. Acts of
corporation in the District are private matters.
GRU15TI-VEIIEIX.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the same commit-
tee, also reported back House bill No. 566, to
incorporate the Grueti-Verein of Washington,
District of Columbia, with the recommenda-
tion that if. do pass.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to amend so as to
reserve to Congress power to amend or repeal
the charter.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE Off ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Thomas
for ten days, and to Mr. Hotchkiss for two
weeks.
r message fu05i the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. foun'ey, its Secretary, commnmeating Sen-
ate bill No. 213, entitled "An act to amend the
judiciary act passed 24th September, 1789,"
with the message of the President returning the
same to the Senate with his objections, and
the proceedings of the Senate thereon. f
new horse railway. V •//
Mi\ VAN HORN, of New York, fro
same committee, reported back House bill No.
420, to incorporate the Connecticut Avenue
and Park Railway Company, in the District of
Columbia, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The bill was read in aienso.
^Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman from
New York will allow me, I would like to sug-
gest that these railroad franchises are always j
supposed to be, and generally are, very valu-
able, and the only consideration given for
them by the public is the public convenience.
The great vice of our railroad system, as I
understand it, has been putting these franchises
into the hands of a very few persons practi-
cally, who invest but a very small amount of
their private means, and then by public dona-
tions, by issuing bonds, by getting in debt, or
other contrivances that arc very well known,
they get control of property which represents
oftentimes many millions. Now, if 1 under-
stand the reading of the bill, it proposes that
the capital stock shall not be less than twenty
thousand dollars, nor more than two hundred
thousand dollars. Will the Clerk read the
eighth section?
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the capital
stock of said company shall not bo loss than twenty
nor more than two hundred thousand dollars, and
that the stock shall bo divided into shares of twenty-
five dollars each, and shall be deemed personal prop-
erty transferable as the by-laws of said company may
dircct.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest a verbal alter-
ation, at all events, by adding after the word
"twenty" the words '"thousand dollars."
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I will
accept that.
Mr. MAY'NARD. But it seems to me that
$20,000 is too small a sum for such a fran-
chise. and I suggest that it shall be not less
than $50,000. That is one point.
Anothersuggestionisthis: the bill provides,
as I understand, that the books of subscription
are to be kept open for two days unless the
stock shall be subscribed earlier. If so it will
give an opportunity for two or three persons,
a ring, in common parlance, to go in and sub-
scribe the whole amount of stock and close the
books at once. I submit that the books ought
to be kept open for a definite period, say for
one or two days, or whatever time would be
proper, so as to letas many subscribe as choose,
and then let the stock be distributed pro rata
as provided in this bill. The object 1 have in
view is to prevent the franchise, which in time
will probably be valuable, from passing into
S the hands of a few persons who might use it
j for their own benefit without reference to the
t public convenience.
] Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I have no
| objection to the adoption of those suggestions,
i Mr. MAYNARD. Then f move as an amend-
ment that the eighth section be amended by
striking out '■ $20,000" and inserting ''$50,-
000; " and that the tenth section bo amended by
providing that the books of subscription shall be
kept open two days. The point, is that they
should be kept open a stipulated time and not
be permitted to be closed after a few persons
have subscribed.
Mr. VxVN HORN, of New York. I have no
objection to those amendments being incor-
porated in the bill.
Mr. CHAXLER. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman from New York if it is usual
in such grants to make the properly real estate?
I observe from the reading of the biil lhat this
is to be ranked as real estate. That, as I un-
derstand it, is an unusual provision. I would
like to hear some explanation on that point.
Again, I would like to ascertain if this is one
or two linos of road; that is, whether it is in-
tended that this road shall continue from on@
given ^oint by two parallel linos of track, or
whether it diverges, and is practically more
than one road. A practice which is not unu-
sually in grants in railroads in other cities is to
call the road one, whereas it is practically
two. This is a question I would like to have
answered. It does not appear in the bill
whether it is one or two lines.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Newlrork. Inanswer
to the first question, I will state that this bill
follows the act of incorporation of the Metro-
politan railroad in this District and the Penn-
I svlvania avenue railroad. I believe it is word
for word the same as the former bills. In
answer to the second question it is but one
road or one line. *
Mr. ROSS. I would like to make a sugges-
tion, if the gentleman would permit me.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I have
no objection to a question.
Mr. ROSS. I do not understand, from the
reading of the bill, that there is any provision
in it as to the time that the work shall com-
mence or shall be completed.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I think
there is.
j _ Mr. ROSS. I did not hear anything of that
| kind. 1 think there should be a provision that
j the work shall be commenced in twelve months
and finished in three years. There certainly
should be some such provision.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I have no
objection to an amendment of that kind.
Mr. ROSS. I move, then, to add to the bill
the following proviso:
Provided, That the work shall bo commenced
within twelve months from the passage of this act
and completed within threo years.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
that amendment will be incorporated in the
bill. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from New York will give us some
information as to where this road is to go.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. 1 wa>
about to do so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Upon mv
word I do not know where Connecticut aw-
nue is.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Before the gentle-
man from New York proceeds I desire to
make a suggestion to him. There is nothing
in this bill which limits the amount which each
person mav subscribe.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Will the
gentleman suggest an amendment?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move, then, to
add to the bill this provision :
And that, no one individual shall bo allowed to
subscribe for more than one hundred shares of said
stock.
i wish to say that I was a member of the
Committee for the District of Columbia at the
time when the first horse railroad company in
this District was chartered, and we endeavored
to guard the bill vvilli great care, but a com-
pany came here from Philadelphia and sub-
scribed for some two millions of the stock and
gobbled up the whole concern, so that no man
in this city could have anything to do villi it.
Now, if this franchise is to be worth anything,
it ought to be given to the people residing in
this District and not. to outsiders.
Mr. \ AX HORN, of New York. 1 have
no objection to that proviso.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now ask
the gentleman from New York to agrep to an
amendment which [ will suggest.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Let mo
first explain the bill. For the information of
the House I desire to state that it is proposed
that this road shall commence at the intersec-
tion of Seventeenth street and Pennsylvania
avenue, which point will be recognized by the
House as the corner near the quartermaster
general's department. It is to run upon Seven-
teenth street northerly, till it strikes Connecti-
cut 'ivemeN inflowing that avenue to Boundary
