1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4211
from live o'clock to seven and a half. I wish |
this evening to pass a bill from the House of
Representatives making an appropriation for
the charitable institutions of this District. Those
appropriations are in a separate bill, which
ought to be passed before we adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Had we not better determ-
ine the question of a recess at a later hour ?
We may by sitting to six do all the work to-day
that we need.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I withdraw the
motion for the present, but I shall renew it by
and by.
EIGHTS OF CITIZENS ABROAD.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Michigan is entitled to the floor on
the bill (H. R. No. 768) concerning the rights
of American citizens in foreign States.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I rise rather
to indicate my own opinion in reference to the
subject-matter of this bill than with the expect-
ation of shedding any particular light on the
subject. I think the bill in its preamble and
in its second section lays down the true Ameri-
can doctrine. It declares in the preamble that
"the right of expatriation is a natural and
inherent right," and to this I wish to call the
attention of the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. The preamble declares that the
right of expatriation is an inherent and natural
right. I suppose, as he has reported the bill
from the Committee on Foreign Relations, that
/I may safely claim that he is of the same opinion.
Mr. SUMNER assented.
Mr. HOWARD. That is agreed ; and then
the second section declares that " all natural-
ized citizens of the United States in foreign
States shall be entitled to and shall receive
from this Government the same protection of
persons and property that is accorded to native-
born citizens in like situation and circum-
stances." This is very clear. It is according to
the recital contained in the preamble, for if
the right of expatriation exists in its entirety
and is inherent and natural in man as man,
and a person born in a foreign land becomes
naturalized under our laws, and thus a citizen
of the United States, then it is perfectly logical
that he should receive the same protection ex-
actly, nothing more, nothing less than that
which is due to a native born. And to this I
understand the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts to give his assent. The bill says so,
at least, and he holds himself, I take it, respons-
ible for the contents of the bill as amended by
the committee.
The honorable Senator has also informed
the Senate that the great American doctrine is
already in part recognized by treaties which we
have recently entered into with other nations
of the world,"and is about to become recognized
by all the other Powers of the earth; and I
suppose we may anticipate that at no distant
future period a treaty will be entered into with
Great Britain in which the great American
principle of which he speaks will be con-
tained. But, Mr. President, is the doctrine
of this bill as announced in its preamble and
in its second section in any way the doctrine
of the treaties to which he refers and which he
claims as being indices of the great American
doctrine? Not at all, sir. They are as wide
apart as the poles. The treaty to which lie
refers is in these words, and I may now refer
to it because I suppose it is already public:
"The citizens of the Northern German Confedera-
tion who becomo naturalized citizens of the United
States, and shall have resided unintorrup tedly wilhia
the United States l'or five years, shall be held by the
North German Confederation to be American citizens
and shall be treated as such."
1 do not know what may be the opinions of
the honorable Senator from California on the
subject of the principle thus announced, or
whether he favored the ratification of the treaty
or not. If he did favor it, then it is entirely clear
that both he and the learned head of the For-
eign Committee committed a great and marvel-
ous error if the doctrines of this bill are the
true doctrines. This great American principle,
which has been heralded abroad as the pana-
cea for all national difficulties that are likely
to arise out of the subject of naturalization, is
a complete renunciation of the fundamental
doctrines of the bill before us, for it asserts this
principle that although a foreign-born person
may be naturalized under the laws of the Uni-
ted States, and thus become a naturalized citi-
zen, he is not to be entitled to tho rights of a
native-born citizen of the United States unless
he has resided consecutively five years within
the limits of the United States, and we all know
that we can naturalize him whenever he applies
and upon whatever length or brevity of resi-
dence we see fit.
Now, sir, I rise to say that while I favor the
fundamental doctrine of the bill; while I assert
in its plenitude the duty and the power of the
Government of the United States to consent
to extend this protection to a naturalized citi-
zen whenever he has become naturalized, I
deny that this treaty from which I have read
does announce the American principle. It. is
an abandonment of the great leading American
principle of the absolute right of expatriation;
and for that reason I never have been able to
bring myself to consent to the ratification of
that kind of treaty, holding, as I do, that inas-
much as the Constitution gives to Congress
full power over the subject ofnaturalization.it
is the duty of the Government to protect the
naturalized citizen from and after tho moment
of his naturalization ; and if we see fit so to
declare, it is not necessary that he should reside
in this country but a single day.
In short, Mr. President, I hold that when
Uncle Sam has said to a foreign-born person
that he is and henceforth shall be treated as a
citizen of the United States, from that moment
forth it becomes the duty of the Government
to see to it that ho is as well protected and as
promptly protected in all his rights as a citizen
of the United States as if he were born in this
country. I will not yield a particle of the
constitutional power belonging to Congress
upon this subject. I will not say to foreign
Governments '"Although the power of Congress
is plenary on this subject, still you have us in
your grasp ; we have entered into a contract
by which we are no longer at liberty to extend
the rights of citizenship in cases where the
party has not resided within the limits of the
United States for five years." That I hold to
be an abdication of one of the constitutional
functions of Congress which never ought to
have been recognized. I do not regard it as
the American doctrine at all; it is of recent
invention, and I believe it will never receive
the sanction of the people of the United States.
I shall, then, sir, vote with pleasure for the
second section. I should prefer not to vote for
the first section, because I think it is utterly
unnecessary. It declares that u an}' declara-
tion, instruction, opinion, order, ordecisioti of
any officers of this Government which denies,
restricts, impairs, or questions the right of
expatriation is hereby declared inconsistent
with the fundamental principles of this Gov-
ernment." I see no necessity of asserting an
abstract principle in that form. It is entirely
immaterial to the Government of the United
States what opinions its officers at various times
and in various places may have entertained or
expressed on the question of expatriation, as
immaterial as if expressed by a foreigner. I
should choose also to strike out the whole of
the third section, and even the amendment
annexed to it by the Committee on Foreign
Relations. I would dispense with the whole of
it. It will do no good. It has in it no vitality
even in the form in which it has been amended
by the committee. But least of all would I
place in the hands of the President of the Uni-
ted States an authority to make reprisals uporv
the persons of foreign-born subjects who may
happen to be within the limits of the United
States. On this subject, I think the principles
asserted by the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts are entirely correct. W eought not
to imperil the country by placing in the irre-
sponsible hauds of the President of the United
States or of any other person the authority to
commit this preliminary act of war, and we
know that it is so regarded in all the codes upon
international law. It would be next to impos-
sible in many cases which we can conceive to
avoid a war in case this power now proposed to
be given to the President were in his hand ; and
I hope it will be stricken out. I do not like,
Mr. President, these continual efforts on tJte
part of some persons to infuse more and more
into the habitudes of Congress and into the
minds of the American people the principle of
absolutism, the one-man power; and I think, as
the Senator from Massachusetts has remarked,
that there is no instance in our history in which
it has been proposed to place in the hands of
the President so dangerous a power as this.
Why, sir, if he possessed it he might in a mo-
ment of pique or ill nature, and without any
real cause, involve the whole country in the
flames of civil war with some foreign nation with-
out the intervention of Congress and without
any consideration on the part of the represent-
atives of the people. That, sir, is too absolute
a power entirely to be intrusted to any man in
this country.
I hope, therefore, that the third section will
be entirely stricken out, leaving the whole sub-
ject where it properly belongs, as a subject of
negotiation between our own and foreign Gov-
ernments to be conducted under the super-
vision of the President through our proper
diplomatic agents abroad. I see no necessity
for this hot hasto to get into a quarrel or a dis-
pute with some other Government; but let us
carry out simply and solely the American doc-
trine which is so clearly stated in the bill, that
expatriation is an inherent and natural right,
and that the naturalized citizen has precisely
the same rights as the native born. Let this
be understood by the President and our diplo-
mats abroad, and I will give my word for it,
however much or however little it may be
worth, that we shall put an end to all these
bickerings about naturalized citizens very soon.
Mr. FERRY. I wish to ask the Senator
from Michigan a question. I desire to be in-
formed by the Senator from Michigan what he
understands by the right of expatriation men-
tioned in the preamble to this bill. Is it a right
whose exercise or enjoyment is complete in the
individual himself; or must there be super-
added to the act of his own the act of the
country of his now domicile before the right
of expatriation is complete?
Mr. HOWARD. As generally understood,
I think the honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut will concurwith me in holding that expat-
riation is held to be an individual right of the
person expatriating himself, or in other words
leaving his own native country. It is the indi-
vidual will of the emigrant. I so understand.
Mr. FERRY. How does the expatriation
become completed so as to dissolve the ori-
ginal allegiance? By the act of the individual
alone, or by that act concurrently with the act
of the Government to which he transfers his
allegiance?
Mr. HOWARD. That, of course, would be
a matter of legislative arrangement. The act
of expatriation in and of itself, I take it, goes
only to this extent: the emigration of the for-
eigner from his native land to some other land
non animo reeertendi; that is, with the inten-
tion of changing his domicile and making his
permanent home in the country to which he
emigrates. That I understand to be expatria-
tion.
Mr. FERRY. And that is complete with-
out any act of the Government to whose terri-
tory he has repaired?
Mr. HOWARD. I think so.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I desire to say a single word_ in consequence
of the expression of opinion justmade by the
distinguished Senator from ^Michigan, l un
derstand him, in the opinion that J1® .
■ expressed, to speak unfavorably of the r
' which have recently been made with i * •
i German Confederation and with Ba^na, and
eaeraiion u"" ' \ -,i
one which is about being made w)tl:
and another soon, we trus „Q:
Great Britain. Knowing that his opinion Bo
ith
