1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113$
b'e necessary during the next fiscal year; and
they did not feel justified in recommending a
larger appropriation in the present condition
of the Treasury.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I think the Com-
mittee on Appropriations were mistaken iu
their conclusions. '<
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DONNELLY. I move to amend by
adding at the end of the paragraph just read
the following:
Department of Education:
Eor compensation of the Commissioner of Educa-
tion, Si,000: for chief clerk, $.2,000; for one clerk of
class four, $1,800; for one clerk of class three, $1,000;
for stationery, blank-books, and miscellaneous items,
$2,000.
Mr. Chairman, I'ask the attention of the
committee for a few minutes. This amend-
ment is made to carry out an existing law, ap-
proved the 2d of March, 18G7V establishing a
Department of Education. That act was passed
after very thorough discussion, and by a con-
siderable majority in both Houses of Congress.
The omission in this bill to make any appro-
priation for the Department of Education,
taken in connection with the last paragraph of
the bill which proposes the repeal of all laws
creating departments, bureaus, &c., not pro-
vided for in this bill, will operate as a discon-
tinuance of the Department of Education. It
repeals the Department by indirection. I de-
sire, if such is the purpose of the Committee
on Appropriations, that the question shall be
fully and fairly met by the House. No princi-
ple of false and narrow^ economy should, I
think, induce us at this time to do away with
the Department of Education.
The condition of the southern country, of
all those States not yet reconstructed, is such
in regard to the intelligence and enlightenment
of the people as would disgrace any civilized
nation. In six of those States one fifth of the
white voters are unable to read and write, while
the great mass of the remainder are far below
the standard of intelligence which should ac-
company suffrage. The people of those States
feel the great and pressing want of education.
I have observed with pleasure that in all their
constitutional conventions they are taking steps
toward that great end; and that in some cases
they have gone so far as to appropriate one
fifth of the entire revenue of the State to the
support of public schools and other means for
the education of their people.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is our duty to assist
them in this laudable work, and that assistance
we have proposed to give them by a Depart-
ment of Education, which will be, as it were,
a head to all the great and varied interests of
popular instruction, a focal point to which all
information may converge, and from which all
manner of beneficent influences may radiate to
the entire country.
I object to any repeal of the act establishing
the Department of Education for another rea-
son, namely: that it has not been fairly tested;
it has not had a fair trial; it is proposed to
slaughter it before it has had any opportunity
to demonstrate its capacity for usefulness.^ The
Department has not yet been one year in ex-
istence. By the terms of the law which created
it we required the Commissioner of Education
to furnish to Congress, in his first report, a
statement of the entire land grants made by
the United States to the respective States for
the purpose of aiding education. That task is
an immense one, and fully explains the reason
why no report has yet been presented to us by
that officer. The words of the act are as fol-
lows :
" In the first report made by the Commissioner under
this aot there shall bo presented a statement of the
several grants of land made by Congress to promote
I education, and tlio manner in which theso several
trusts have been managed, the amount of funds re-
ceived therefrom, and the annual proceeds of the
same as far as they can be determined."
Now, Mr. Chairman, by the census of 1860
there were in these United States, for which
we are now legislating, the vast aggregate of
twelve hundred thousand free negroes and
whites over the age of twenty years who could
not read or write. Since that time this num-
ber has been vastly-increased by the abolition
of slavery and the transfer of the slaves into
the condition of citizens and voters. At the
ratio of the past growth of the number of those
who cannot read or write there will be in 1880
six million human beings over the age of twenty
years in the United States who are utterly illit-
erate. This will give three million voters in
whose hands will rest the destinies of the na-
tion, and indirectly of all mankind; and no
man can doubt that such a body of illiterate
men would some day, in some terrible hour of
trial, turn the scale against us and send our
Government to destruction. With such a mass
of ignorance growing up in our midst are we
not, in the words of Carlyle, "shooting Niag-
ara?"
The total amount asked for in the amend-
ment I have offered is but $11,500. I learn
incidentally that it is claimed that the officer
now at the head of the Department, Professor
Barnard, is not the man the friends of the sys-
tem would desire to see there, and that that
fact has led to this effort to abolish the whole
Department. It is not here necessary to con-
sider how much truth or falsity there may be
in that statement; but even if all the complaints
against that gentleman were well founded, which
I deny, it is at least our duty to keep the De-
partment alive until tye shall tide over the pres-
ent time, until we reach that day, now rapidly
approaching, when we shall have the appoint-
ment of that officer in the control of an Execu-
tive in sympathy with the party who created
the Department. If that officer is objection-
ble to any friends of education we must treat
the Department as we treated the Department
of Agriculture when there was one at its head
with whom we were not satisfied; we must
bide our time, change the incumbent as soon
as possible, and in all events preserve the De-
partment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Chairman, I am grati-
fied with some things which the gentleman
from Minnesota has said, but I am much sur-
prised to hear from him remarks calculated to
impugn the character of the gentleman now at
the head of the Department of Education.
Mr. DONNELLY. I did not make any
charges against him. I merely stated that I
understood this repeal was urged by some on
the ground that he was not the proper person
for the place. My own opinion is different. I
highly approve him.
Mr. PRUYN. He is one of the best men,
if not the best man, who could be found for
that office. He is amply qualified for the posi-
tion. He has served as the superintendent of
public schools both in Rhode Island and Con-
necticut, and has been known as one of the
foremost men in the cause of education. I
am glad this Department is under the author-
ity of a gentleman so competent for the posi-
tion. I had a conversation with this gentle-
man, Mr. Barnard, a few days since as to the
working and the condition of this Department,
and it has been impossible for him as yet to
prepare a report of the operations last year.
If this Department is to be continued I know
of no better man in the country to be at the
head of it than Mr. Barnard.
One word as to the merits of the establish-
ment of this Department. I do not think it
fairly arises at this time. I do not know the
full scope of the act under which it was organ-
ized. It is looked upon as a department to
collect information as to the condition of edu-
cation throughout the whole length and breadth
of the country, and to distribute information
among the States. I trust that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Minnesota will
be adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
an amendment to the amendment by making
the salary of the Commissioner $1,000 less.
The gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Dos-
neli.yJ was right in saying that this appropri-
ation had been left out by the committee with
a view of working a repeal of the law creating
this Department of Education. That is so. I
think I may say it was the unanimous opinion
of the committee that they would not submit
in this bill an appropriation to carry out that
law, but allow the House in Committee of the
Whole to make an appropriation to suit itself.
We found that this Department of Education
was established by act of Congress ort the 2d
of March, 1887; that the act had been fought
through and passed by a majority of only One
or two votes. I think the venerable chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Stk;
veks] said that he changed his vote from the
negative to the affirmative and carried the bill,
an act which he regretted more than almost
any vote that he ever gave. He has accord-
ingly reported a bill to repeal this very law
which we propose to repeal in this bill. We
found on examination that this Department,
which was established when we were in the
mood for. establishing almost everything and
making appropriations for almost every pur-
pose, had never, in point of fact, been put in
operation; that the Commissioner of the De-
partment had, during the ten months or there-
about since his appointment, only spent two
months of that time in Washington, and had no
office here except one over a restaurant, and
that very little expense had been incurred; and
sir, when we looked at the estimates which
came in after the passage of that bill we found
that the very first item was $15,760. That was
the amount we were asked to pay in the first
instance.
Mr. SPALDING. One moment. The gen-
tleman does not wish to do injustice to' the head
of the Board of Education, I presume?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Of course
not.
Mr. SPALDING. There was not one word
uttered in the committee against that gentle-
man.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Nor have
I said a word against him. I have only said
that he was not here. I am not discussing the
question of the merits of that individual.
Mr. SPALDING. You said he occupied an
office over a restaurant.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, is
that anything against him ? [Laughter.] It
is very convenient; we are doing business here
over a restaurant. [Laughter.] t
Mr. SPALDING. There is no belter man
in the United States for that business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
take issue with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Spalding,] nor the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Doxxeixy,] nor the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Pkuyu",] in regard to the character
or capacity of this man. I know nothing about
him and I carc to know nothing in this rela-
tion. But when we find that this Department
has been created under these circumstances,
and that we are called upon in less than eight
months after the bill creating it was passed to
vote $30,760, I ask gentlemen whether they
desire to put themselves on record as voting
for an appropriation of this kind.
If I had time I would argue the question of
the necessity of a department of this kind in
this country. I would like to know why we
should launch out with these numerous depart-
ments. The case is quite different in our coun-
try from what it is in other countries that have
been referred to. We have in the various
States departments of education which are su-
perior, I undertake to say, to any which we
can create here. And for what purpose do we
seek to create this Department and spend this
large amount of money for it? Why, sir, I
think it can be shown that the business which
has already been done under this law has been
done iu the State of Connecticut instead of
being done in the city of Washington.
But, sir, the great question is the amount of
the appropriation. Gentlemen say it is to
carry out existing law. If the committee and
the House desire to make this appropriation
they can do so, but the Committee on Appro-
priations believed that it was of such a char-
acter that they could not recommend it; hence-
