3188
THE CONGHBSSION"AL GLOBE.
June 16,
ments. No part or parcel of the discussion,
it seems to me, with due deference to the gen-
tlemen who have entered into it, has anything
to do with the proposition before the Senate.
The original banking act made the limit of
$300,000,(100 to the circulation notes of the
banks. I never saw any use in it; 1 never saw
any sense in it; because banking, in my judg-
ment, ought to be left like any other business,
perfectly tree. If we bank under the national
system let us bank as they banked in New-
fork. I believe there was no limitation upon
the number of banks or upon the amount of
circulation there.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to dissent from
the Senator's proposition. In New York there
was this check: one half of all the basis of
banking must consist of stocks of the State,
the amount of winch stocks was fixed, and by
the constitution could never be enlarged ex-
cept by the consent of the whole people
expressed in a positive vote.
Mr. HENDERSON. That, I suppose, left
banking to be carried on to the extent of the
entire .stocks of the State of New York, only
one half.of the basis of the circulating medium
being required to be of New York stocks.
Mr. CONKLING. But the whole debt of
the State was very small.
Mr. HENDERSON. Was it fixed by the
constitution ?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, certainly; it was
practically fixed.
Mr. HENDERSON. Iask the Senator, then,
if a circulation could not have been based in
New York under that very banking system
upon coin instead of stocks? Were there not
banks existing even under the very banking
law of New York whose circulation was based
upon coin and not upon stocks? Certainly
there were. There was no limitation upon the
amount of circulation. Banks might be estab-
lished ad libitum, just whenever any person
wanted to establish a bank, under the bank-
ing system of New Y ork. That is my recollec-
tion. 1 am aware there was what is called a
free banking law of New York, requiring, as
the Senator says, a deposit with the register of
the State of a certain character of public stocks,
one half of which, 1 believe, as he states, should
be stocks of New York, and the other half of
which should be stocks of other States; but
that did not prevent, under the laws of New
York, any man from banking upon coin. lie
had a perfect right to bank upon coin and to
issue large credits on the coin in the vaults of
the bank. In other words, there never was a
limitation in the State of New York upon the
amount of the circulating medium.
Why. Mr. President, under the old system
of banking, it was very rare, indeed, for any
State to have any limitation upon the amount
of circulating notes. Anybody complying
with the terms of the banking^ laws of the
State might go on and bank. Was there ever
any reason in establishingthis national system,
and coercing, as my friend from New York
said so ably here yesterday, all the State banks
to go out of existence, for putting on this lim-
itation? I understood perfectly well why the
limitation was put on at the time. Why was
it? It was because at that time we had not
less than from eight to fifteen hundred million
dollars of circulating medium issued by the
Government upon Government credit. We
had the greenbacks; we had the compound-
interest notes; we had the certificates of indebt-
edness; we had every variety and lorm and*
shane of indebtedness, which constituted a
circulating medium ; some being a legal tender,
and others not a legal tender. The fear was
that in the establishment of the national banks
we might, increase to a very dangerous extent
the circulating medium, and hence it was
thought advisable at that time to put a limita-
tion upon the national notes. _ _
Is thcr© tiuv cause for i„t this time . \\ c
liav'e largely reduced that circulating medium
based upon" Government credit. It is out of
the way. A large quantity of the greenback
circulation has been removed. Nearly all of _
thecompound-interestnotesaregone ; 1 believe
not exceeding twenty-five or thirty million
dollar? of them are outstanding at present.
They will all soon be outot the way. All this
vast amount of circulating medium issued upon
the credit of the Government in the shape of
seven-thirties, small notes, and other interest-
bearing notes, and some of them non-interest-
bearing have now disappeared, and the cur-
rency of the country has been largely reduced.
And let it be remembered, Mr. President,
in connection with the reduction of the cur-
rency, that we have largely increased the popu-
lation that use it. It must be remembered
that, at the time the currency was so expanded,
eleven of the States, ten of them at any rate,
because a part of the State of^ Tennessee^ was
under our control, a large portion of the Union
at that time did not use our circulating medium
at all, neither the national notes nor the bank
notes. Since that time' we have conquered a
mightynatiori: wehaveconqueredeleven States
and blotted out the entire circulating medium
that they had, and we have substituted ours
for it, thereby giving a larger basis for the
operation of this circulating medium, giving
at least nine million people, turning the slaves
into freemen, who are now demanding a cir-
culation, demanding money in this shape, just
like the white people of the northern States.
They are operating for themselves. They arc i
laboiers, they are mechanics, they are mer- j
chants, they are doing business like the whites
of the South. A vast amount of money is
needed for that nine or ten million people;
and yet we have gone on contracting the cir-
culation.
The great idea here seems to be to have an
parly return to specie payments. 1 do not
object to it. I should be a heretic if I were to
say that I doubt the policy of a speedy return
to specie payments. I am almost afraid to say
it. 1 have got enough on my shoulders already,
and if 1 were to say that, I suppose 1 never
should survive. Every Senator seems to think
that the age of happiness will be when we have
returned to specie payments : commerce will
revive ; manufactures will be better than they
were before; and agriculture will prosper
beyond anything known before. I do not
believe a word of it: and 1 do not want to
force a sfete of affairs, the expediency of which
I doubt. I doubt very much whether we shall
be any better off under a reign of specie j>ay-
menls than we are at present. I have not time
to go into the reasons for this extraordinary
statement. 1 have no doubt it sounds very
heretical to a great many of my bearers, if they
pay any attention to it at all. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, reasons can be given why in all probabil-
ity we are better off without this Elysium of
specie payments. I am old enough (and not
very old at that) to know that commerce and
business did not thrive under the reign of spe-
cie payments any better than they do now ; and
every Senator knows perfectly well that such
is the case. Do you not know that under spe-
cie payments we bad commercial and financial
revulsions every eight or ten years to such an
extent that people often said when a period of
prosperity was upon us, that it is the beginning,
or the indication, the symptom indeed of finan-
cial crisis and financial difficulty? And every-
body knows that it has come upon us again and
again. The Senator from New York [Mr.
Co.n'ki ixi;] smiles. Certainly lie can smile:
but when we go back to specie payments again,
we shall find the same financial difficulties
existing.
Mr. CONKLING. I will retract my smile
if the Senator wishes me to do it. [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDERSON. As the smile is with-
drawn, f will proceed.
Now. Mr. President, to return to the propo-
sition before the Senate, I do not wish to dis-
cuss these other matters—it is a proposition to
enable the States that arc without banking
facilities, on account of the 'limitation imposed
bv the twenty-second se.etion of the banking
act upon circulation notes, to extend their cir-
culation $20,000,000. Gentlemen say at once
that this is a proposition to expand the cur-
rency. The Senator from Ohio answered that
very properly when he said that itwas no such
proposition at all. How does the Senator
from Massachusetts make clear his proposition
that this necessarily expands the currency?
He said it was an expansion, and he wanted
to live in the ancient ways of his fathers and
did not want to move either one way or the
other ; he did not want to disturb the cur-
rency. He has got $356,000,000 of greenback
circulation out; but he would not take in a
dime of it. He does not want to contract,
and he does not want to expand. We have
just got in that glorious fix with §356.000,000
of greenbacks out and $300,000,000 of circu-
lating notes of banks, and that is the Elysium.
He does not want to move 
Mr. WILSON. The Senator will allow me to
saythat I would reduce itat least$'2t 0,000,000
and resume specie payments immediately.
Mr. HENDERSON. How would you re-
duce it?
Mr. WILSON. I would fund it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Fund it in what?
Mr. WILSON. In bonds of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. HENDERSON. Bonds of what sort?
Mr. WILSON. Of the Government of the
United States.
Mr. HENDERSON. Six percent, bonds?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; or five percent.,
or anything I could get it at.
Mr. HENDERSON. Gold-bearing bonds?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDERSON. Would the Senator
do that—fund these notes of the Government
called greenbacks into a six per cent, security
and then not extend this limitation, so that
banking could exist in any of the States?
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator desires an
answer, I will say this : if 1 had my way I
would reduce the greenbacks to a point at
which we could redeem them, and maintain
that redemption. 1 would adopt free banking.
I agree with the Senator in that: and I would
have the banks redeem their circulation.
Mr. HENDERSON. Theydoredeemitnow.
Mr. WILSON. That is, I would enter on a
system that would bring that about in the
I course of a year or two.
j Mr. HENDERSON. 1 do not pretend to
j saythat I would contract the greenback cireu-
j latioa at all. I am willing that Senators shall
enter this Elysian field of specie payments. It
is a myth, a humbug, and always was. It has
never been otherwise in this country ; and the
Senator knows it as well as I do.
Mr. WILSON. It so happens that every
man in the world with a knowledge of finance
disagrees with the Senator.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator knows
perfectly well that the banks in this country
suspended specie payments in 1837. He knows
! that they suspended specie payments iu 1847.
J He knows thatagain in 1857 they suspended spe-
1 cie payments ; and he knows perfectly well that
they did so in 1801 and remained suspended for
I years, when their paper went to a discount much
1 larger than the apparent premium on fjold to-
' day. What sort of an Elysium was if? He
knows perfectly well what it was. The Senator
; was iu business, I presume, duiiugthose days, I
suppose as early as 1837 ; and lie remembers
' the state of affairs that, existed in this country
' from 18.57 to 1813. and again in 1847, in 1857,
: and in 1801. We suspended in 1801 and have
remained suspended. State banks and all, from
that Jav to this; and the Senator will find out
when we get back to specie payment it will not
; last six mouths. I prophesy that our Govern-
ment will be in the condition that the English
Government was in 1816. They passed an aft
of Parliament declaring they would resume
' specie payments in 1810, I believe. After the
close of the war with France, and Waterloo
i was fought, the English Government supposed
they could go back to specie payments im-
