4212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July IB,
out to the country will have weight, I wish
simply to call attention to an answer to the
objection which he makes to these treaties.
The opinion of the distinguished Senator is
that these treaties violate what he calls the
great American doctrine, which he alleges to
be the right of expatriation, the right of any
foreigner coming to this country to acquire
citizenship, if in accordance with our laws,
immediately. Now, I cannot conceive of any
principle more certain to be injurious to the
country that the foreigner comes from and to
the country to which he comes, than that which
the Senator avows. It is injurious, certainly,
to the country that he leaves, because all that
a citizen of Germany would have to do, if his
principle were to be adopted, would be to come
to America and here become a citizen, and then
he could immediately return to Germany and
for the rest of his life he would be relieved
from military duty and from all obligation to
that country, and this nation be under obliga-
tion all the time to protect him in that exemp-
tion from liability to that country.
And, Mr. President, it is injurious to this
country, because what we want of these natu-
ralized citizens is to have them residents here,
to have their industry, their labor, to have
tliem make this their home ; but, according to
the Senator's principle, they will have attained
their whole object of being exempt from the
exactions and tyranny of their native country
by staying here for a single week, and they can
return to their own country free from all liabil-
ities there, while we gain no possible benefit
by their having become our citizens. 1 think
that the treaties which have been made with
Bavaria and with North Germany, based upon
the idea of live years' continuous residence,
are profitable for the country from which these
persons come as well as to this country.
Mr. DKAKE. Mr. President, the stress of
the remarks made by the honorable Senator
from California was connected almost entirely
with a ease which he considers one of great
outrage, the ease of Colonel Halpin, who, it
seems, was arrested in Great Britain and con-
victed there and sentenced to imprisoment 
Mr. CONNESS. 'There are other cases.
I only took that as a specimen.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 do not like that there
should go forth from this Chamber remarks
such as those made hy the honorable Senator
from California, which, if I understand hun
correctly, rested upon the allegation that the
arrest, conviction, and imprisonment of Colonel
Halpin in England was lor words spoken and
acts done by hun m the United States. This is
a matter ol fact about which I think the honor-
able Senator from California should be very
sure when he speaks, and should not say any-
thing more than he knows to be the fact. In
order to elicit a response from the honorable
Senator I venture to deny the correctness of
that statement. I venture to say that in no
instance has any American citizen ever boon
convicted in a British court and sentenced to
imprisonment merely for acts done and words
spoken in the United States. I venture this
upon general grounds, without having exam-
ined the case of Colonel Halpin. I do it with
the express purpose of calling upon the hon-
orable Senator from California to say here
whether that was the sole ground of the con-
viction of Colonel Halpin?
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, it is a
matter of even common notoriety. The Sen-
ator need not say it is not. The facts have
been laid before us in a report from the State
Department and the correspondence connected
with this case. 1 mean to say that it is so
patent that it is commonly known that the
British Government have been in the habit, for I
a long time past, since the organization of ]
what is known as the Fenian organization in j
the United States and in Ireland, of causing j
the arrest' of Americans arriving in Ireland j
upon suspicion that they belong to that organ- j
ization and party. The fact that they are found |
there is a prima j'acie case against them, and j
if in connection with that, as has been the 1
case on some of those trials, they can prove,
as they have proved by witnesses directly from
the United States, and who are employed by
the British agents in the United States to col-
lect testimony, that the parties thus arrested
have made speeches implicating the British
Government, and arraigning it foracts of injus-
tice toward Ireland; that evidence has been
received by the courts for their conviction ;
and it is a matter of belief with me, a matter
of which I have no doubt, that not the case
of Colonel Halpin alone, but many, many like
cases have occurred where the most unjust
convictions have been had.
Mr. DRAKE. And soitappears, Mr. Pres-
ident, just as I supposed, that the evidence
that was given in the British court of the
words spoken by Colonel Halpin m the United
States was given merely to prove the animus
of acts done by him upon British soil.
Mr. SUMNER. That was it.
Mr. DRAKE. Merely for that purpose?
Mr. SUMNER. And that is the American
law.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish—I should feel
humiliated as a Senator of the United States—
to have it go forth from this Chamber that the
United States had stood still and allowed an
American citizen to be convicted in a British
court and immured in a British prison merely
for words that he spoke in the United States ;
and I wish it now to go forth to the people of
the country from this place, within the very
hour in which the fact has been alleged by the
honorable Senator fioni California, that the
only use made in England of the words spoken
by Colonel Halpin in the United States was to
illustrate and exhibit the animus of acts done
by him upon British soil. Now, sir, I say
that an American court would take that very
kind of evidence with regard to any foreigner
whom we might arrest here for crimes against
this country. Sir, I put it to the Senator from
California to say whether if during the rebellion
the Atlantic cable had been in existence, and
our Government had been advised through it
that some prominent individual in that country
had announced at a public meeting there his
sympathy with the rebellion in this country and
las purpose to come over here and take up
arms, or commit some other crime against the
Government of the United States m conspiracy
with rebels, and we had met him as he entered
the country to engage in the perpetration of that
crime, whether the judge before whom he should
be tried for the conspiracy, be he a civil or mil-
itary judge, would r.ot have received the evi-
dence of witnesses going to show what he
declared his purpose to be before he left the
foieign country to come here.
Mr. President, I do not desire to see the
Congress of the United States invoked to any
step that will go to protect a man under such
circumstances from the laws of the country
in which he commits the criminal act, to illus-
trate the character of which his previous words
in the United States are given in evidence. I
do not wish this country to set such an exam-
ple. What would the Senate say if a man were
convicted of crime in a court in this country
according to the law of the laud and England
should undertake to put her hand over here
and wrest him from the grasp of our laws and
from the just punishment of his offense? Sir,
let us not do to other countries what we would
not for a moment permit another country to
do to us.
Mr. President, there is another thing about
this matter which rather excites my curiosity.
If we are to give to our citizens the unlimited
protection demanded by the Senator from Cali-
liornia of course he will not object that every
other nation whose people come to our shores
should give the same protection to them. And
yet, sir, that Senator represents a State which
brings the whole power of its laws to bear with
such an oppression upon people of another
nation, as he, with the sentiments expressed
by him here to-day, would not for an instant
tolerate when exercised by any other nation
upon American citizens. Sir, what would he
say if China should demand at otir doors the
rights of her people as he thunders for the
rights of our citizens at the doors of Great
Britain to-day?
It has got into the newspapers that, there is a
treaty pending in this body which is intended
to guaranty to Chinese subjects visiting or
residing in the United States the same privi-
leges, immunities, and exemptions in respect
to travel or residence as may be here enjoyed
by the citizens or subjects of the most favored
nation. If that be true I would like to know
what is to be the position of the Senator from
California in regard to that provision in the
treaty. Does he recognize the same right in
China to demand the protection of her subjects
here that he demands now for the protection
of American citizens in England?
Mr. WILSON. Do not discuss the treaty.
Mr. DRAKE. I am not discussing the
treaty. I say that it has got into the news-
papers that there is such a treaty. Suppose
there should be such a treaty here, where is
the Senator from California to be with refer-
ence to the principle laid down in it of equality
of rights in this country on the part of that
race, to which the people of California deny
equality of rights, taxing them as they tax no
others, keeping them down, if I am correctly
informed, as southern rebels would keep the
negro down, denying that they are human
beings, or, the next thing to it, killing them as
soon, as coolly, and with as much impunity as'
a Texan kills a negro? Well, sir, all that I
have to say is that what is just for one is jnst
for another, and as I go for protecting Ameri-
can citizens, native or naturalized, all over the
world, I go for allowing other nations to do for
their citizens or subjects here exactly what I
would have this nation do for its citizens in
other countries; no more, no less.
Now, Mr. President, as to the bill before us,
I am firmly and resolutely an advocate of its
fundamental principles. I go for protecting
the American citizen, the naturalized equally
with the native, in every quarter of the globe;
but I do not go for protecting an American
citizen, or a hundred or a thousand of them, at
the expense of the innocent. I do not go for
impoverishing whole communities in England
and the United States both by a suspension of
commercial relations between the two coun-
tries because the Government of Great Britain
may put its baud unjustly upon one individual
or a hundred who are citizens of the United
States ; least of all do I go for any such thing
as catching up innocent citizens of that coun-
try who may be traveling here under the guar-
antee of public faith under the laws of nations
and putting them in prison and keeping thera
there for the act of their Government, in which
they took no part. There are other and better
ways of dealing with the subject. Sir, no man
can stand in this land upon that principle,
unless he will agree to accord the same thing
to every other nation in regard to any encroach-
ments upon or wrongs to their citizens com-
mitted in this country ; and I would like to see
the honorable Senator from California agree-
ing to let Great Britain seize upon American
citizens there and imprison them because wo
got an Englishman, a Scotchman, a Welsh-
man, or an Irishman here, who made himself
amenable to onr criminal laws, and convicted
him and put him in prison. Sir. it is no use
to talk ol that kind of thing at ail.
Mr. CONNESS. I only wish l
word.
Mr. WILSON. We have a special order for
four o clock; and J wish to know if the Sena-
tor desires and intends to go on with his bill
till he finishes it.
Mr. CONNESS. I wiil consent, witli the
consent ot the Senate generally, to let this go
over as unfinished business. I simply wish to
s.iy that as the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. DkakeJ sees lit to make up his own
case he makes out a very strong one. He
puts me in the attitude of defending an inten-
tionally hostile act in a foreign State with which
our nation is at peace, and he denies that this
only wish to say one
