1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
they omitted it purposely from the bill as re-
ported.
Mr. BAKER. I rise to oppose pro forma the
amendmeutof my colleague, [Mr. WashBurne.]
Mr. Chairman, it is clear to my mirjd that tq
sonw extent and in some sense w,e should have
in this Republic a system of national educa-
tion. This is required for great political con-
siderations. It is-one.of the two .great mea®s
of unitizing the Republic. Education and in-
tercommunication are the two great means of
making us one nation. Now, one step toward
the realizing of this idea of education has already
been taken.. I do not say how complete it is oj
how imperfect it is, but I am clear that it would
be error toignore it and to expunge it. Let it
stand; let it be improved, and it can be made
a'source of greg,t blessing, and great benefit to
the country. That is all I have to say.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DONNELLY. I renew the amend-
ment. _ I find that I was somewhat misunder-
stood in my remarks in reference to the Com-
missioner of the Department. I desire to say
.that I made no charges against him, and that 1
heartily concur in what has been said of him
by the gentlemaiv from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]
and others upon this floor. I consider him an
exceedingly fit and proper mar} for the place
and every way well qualified to fill it. J. was
simply repeating the charges against him whis-
pered into the ears of members, and some of
which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
B'CBSe] has now publicly made, and for the
purpose of meeting them.
I would also call attention to the remarks
made by the acting chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations [Mr. Washburne] in
reference to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] now absent from the Hall. Ha
has stated that that gentleman is opposed to the
Department of Education, and regretted the
vote which he gave in l'avor of its establish-
ment. Iam confident that the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washborne] must be in error in
this statement. I have quite lately had a con-
versation with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] than whom no bettor
friend of education exists, on this subject, and
I have learned from him that his object in the
bill which he has introduced, and wliich is now
• pending in this House, is to connect a bureau
or department of education with the public
school system of the District of Columbia, not
to abolish the Department; and he has said to
me that he regarded this subject of education
as the great paramount interest of the nation,
and that he wpuld be the last man in this House
to take a step backward or to strike u blow
against it. His desire was to give the schools
of the District of Columbia into the hands of
a department of education, so that all im-
proved schemes of teaching might be experi-
mented upon here and our public schools here
be made models for all the other schools of the
nation—an admirable and benevolent thought
worthy of that illustrious man whose whole
life has been devoted to advancing the welfare
of his fellow-men—a thought which, if he has
the strength to work it out, will give a practical
task to the Department and will produce re-
sults of incalculable magnitude and benefit to
our country.
Now, one word as to the estimate sent in
here in reference to this Department. It is
true that the estimates ask for the sum of
$15,000 in addition to the salaries of the offi-
cers, but it must be remembered that we have
imposed upon the Department of Education by
a resolution of this House the duty of taking
,a school census of this District, which has
involved considerable expense. We have also
imposed upon that Department the duty of
obtaining information from all the States of this
tlnion .that have received land grants from the
General Government for the purposes of edu-
cation—a duty which could not be performed
without considerable labor aud outlay of money.
But tbo question before tire lioase at the
present time is not as to the apprepriation for
these_ incidental expenses; it is as to an appro-
priation for the salaries of the officers, for the
precise salaries as provided by existing law.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
born.e] is in error on another point. I think
the Globe will show that in the vote on the
final passage of the bill creating this Depart-
ment in this House there was a majority of not
less than twenty.in favor of the bill.
.-Now, Mr. Speaker, this subject of education
is attracting universal attention throughout the
civilized world. England at this day is in a
position not unlike our own. She has extended
the right of suffrage to large masses of unedu-
cated men. She sees that her wealth and
greatness cannot safely rest upon a foundation
of ignorance, hence the subject of popular
education is agitating Parliament; it is agitat-
ing the public mind of that country, and the
question there is, whether, having extended the
franchise to the poor people of England, it is
not the duty of the Government to compel those
people to be educated as a measure of national
safety; and compulsory education is now loom-
ing up as the great question in the politics of
England. We cannot at this day take this
step backward, and certainly not for the in-
significant sum asked for in my amendment,
and which amounts to one thirty fourth part
of a cent to each inhabitant of the United
States. If the education of the people is essen-
tial to the security of our institutions we can
afford to spend hundreds of thousands, yes, mil-
lions of dollars in its behalf. We cannot pay
too high a price ior the national safety or the
national life. School-houses in this generation
will prevent wars in the next. Education, in
the long run, is always cheaper than ignorance.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chai rman, if it be true,
as stated by the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Donnelly,] that the effect of this pro-
vision will be to abolish the Department of
Education, I shall very cheerfully vote for it.
1 am very free to say, although I have the
utmost confidence in the gentleman who is at
the head of that Department, that I can find no
authority in the Constitution of the United
States for the establishment of any such depart-
ment as a Department of Education. We have
already established a department called the
l'Veedmairs Bureau. The practical oper-
ation of that bureau is to support hundreds
of thousands of lazy, idle negroes at the ex-
pense of the Government, and the object of'
this Department of Education is to educate
those negroes. And it is time for the country
to know the fact that while labor is oppressed,
while the people are borne down by unjust tax-
ation, the Congress of the United States is sup-
porting institutions which have no other motive
or object except to educate and support the
late slaves of the southern States—people who
do not work, people who will not work, peo-
ple who are supported out of the public Treas-
ury by appropriations of Congress for illegal
and improper political purposes.
Therefore, if the effect of voting for this
provision, as reported by the Committee on
Appropriations, is to abolish this Department
of Education I am in favor of it. 1 favor it
because, first, we had no right originally to
establish any such Department; secondly, we
cannot afford the money necessary to support
such a Department; thirdly, the Department
itself is likely to fall into improper hands and
to be used for improper purposes; therefore
if it be true, as the gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Donnelly] has stated, that the effect of
the provision reported by the Committee on
Appropriations is to abolish this Department
of Education, then I, hope that object will be
accomplished and that the money will not be
appropriated.
Mr. DONNELLY. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I renew the amendment
to the amendment. I have no doubt that all
those who are opposed to the Department of
Education will feel greatly indebted to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] for his
patient research lately made in the Constitu-
tion of the United States, but for which the
unconstitutionality of the law creating this De-
partment might never have been discovered. I
congratulate the opponents of the Department
upon this reinforcement., But for the present
consideration of this committee, the Depart-
ment having been established by law, I will not
go back and discuss with the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] the constitutionality
of that law.
I wish, however, to correct one or two mis-
takes made by the gentleman in charge of this
bill [Mr. Washburne, of Illinois] in reference
to the circumstances connected with the pas-
sage of the bill by this House establishing the
Department. I think he said that it was passed
by only one majority, and that that majority
was made by the vote of the venerable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] which
ho now greatly regrets. I am very soiyy if
that distinguished gentleman regrets it, for
some of the noblest utterances of his life were
in defending the common school Jaw of Penn-
sylvania.
Now, sir, that bill passed this "House by a
vote of 80 in the affirmative to 44 in the nega-
tive. It passed the Senate without a division.
It passed this House by an almost strictly party
vote. Almost every "constitutional" mem-
ber, like the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood,] voted against it. It passed by an
almost unanimous vote of the members pres-
ent of the majority party of this House. I
recollect the facts distinctly, for I introduced
the bill and had charge of it during the dis-
cussion.
Now, in regard to the operation of the De-
partment of Education. The present incum-
bent was not appointed until near the end of
March last. In addition to the important
duties devolved upon him by the law estab-
lishing the Department a joint resolution was
passed soon after his appointment requiring
him to take a census of the District of Colum-
bia and furnish all the educational statistics
that Congress needed in the work of establish-
ing a free-school system for this city and Dis-
trict. He has performed that duty with very
great thoroughness, and is now very nearly
ready to_ report to Congress. Common jus-
tice requires us to receive his report and ex-
amine his work before we condemn both him
and the Department.
The bill creating the Department required
him to prepare and report to Congress, in his
first annual report, a statement of all the lands
given by the Geueral Government to the States
and Territories of the United States for the
support of education, and to report, as far as
possible, what had been done with those lauds,
and how far the object of the Government hud
been accomplished, that we might more fully
understand the relations of the General Gov-
ernment to the subject of education. When it
is remembered that by the ordinance of 17:>7
one section in every township of land in all
the northwestern territory was set apart and
dedicated forever for the support of com-
mon schools, and that Congress has been for
eighty years discharging-that trust, either wisely
or unwisely, gentlemen will understand how
large an amount of property has been given -
by the General Government for this purpose.
One of the objects of this Department was to
inquire into and report what had been done
with all this property. No authority whatever
was given m the law to control the subject of
education m the States. I will say, for the
information of those gentlemen who were not
til en here, that the Department was established
tor the purpose of collecting statistics and pub-
fisaing them to the country in aid of the gen-
eral educational movements of the States. The
jaw was asked by the leading educators, and
its passage gave them great satisfaction aud
encouragement.
Mr. \\ ASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] says that I
was greatly mistaken in regard to the ciivum-
stances connected with the passage of the bill
establishing, this Depart meat. I was not here
