2164
im CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
March 27,
street at the limits of the city corporation. It
is then proposed that when the contemplated
park outside of the city limits is laid out this
company shall have a right to extend their road
to that park.
I will say farther that I was invited to go
over the road and did so, and have examined
the route personally; and I think every dollar
of stock in the proposed road will be taken by
parties living on the road. The parties who
are moving in this matter are those who live
on the line of the proposed road; many of
them sire clerks in the Departments, and the
railroad is proposed for the convenience of
themselves and their families.
This matter has been before the Committee
for the District of Columbia for two months,
and I have not heard, nor has any member of
the committee heard, a single objection to the
construction of the road or to the passage of
this bill, and I know of no objection to it. As
I said, I have been over the road myself, and
have conversed on the subject with the parties
living upon it, and they are entirely unanimous
in its favor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to the passage of any bill o f this kind
which properly protects the rights of the people.
Horse railroads are the poor men's roads, and
I profess to belong to that class, and I would
desire to have any reasonable provisions ex-
tended to them. I ask the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Van Horn,] as he lias fixed
the fare at six cents, and I do not know that
that is unreasonable for asingleride, to include
in this bill this provision :
And the said company shall sell tickets, each ticket
to entitle til© holder thereof to one rido over the
road, at the rate of twenty tickets for oue dollar, ami
ten tickets for fifty cents.
That is but right and just. And I will state
to the gentleman, what he probably knows, that
the P street road—which we all know is one of
the best conducted horse railroads in the coun-
try, with the cleanest cars, and the most gen-
teel class of passengers—is entitled by its
charter to charge seven cents for a single ride ;
yet that road, upon its own motion, has adopted
this plan of selling twenty tickets for a dollar,
and ten tickets for fifty cents. I think a simi-
lar provision should be inserted in this bill.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I do not
think I can consent to this proposition, and
for this reason: the Pennsylvania Avenue Rail-
road Company now charges six cents, and, as
everybody knows, their cars are continually
crowded. The Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany, or, as it is sometimes called, the F street
railroad company, charges seven cents fare.
I know they sell twenty tickets for one dollar;
but it is because their business is such that they
can afford to do it. But everybody knows that
the stock of this proposed new company will
not be worth much for a long time to come.
I think the provision suggested by the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] would
be an unnecessary restriction upon this road.
Gentlemen will notice that we reserve in this
bill the right to alter, amend, or repeal this
charter at any time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that provision of amendment or repeal;
it amounts to nothing at all; for if this bill is
once passed it will never be repealed or modi-
fied so as to take away any privilege it confers.
The gentleman says the Pennsylvania avenue
road charges six cents fare. But that is not
the rate fixed by the original charter; the ori-
ginal rate is five cents. The company, how-
ever, is entitled to charge the additional one
cent on each fare because of the tax it is
obliged to pay. And let me say to the gentle-
man that if the rate of fare on this proposed
road is fixed at six cents it can add the amount
of the tax under the existing law; so that the
fare will really be more than six cents. _ If the
gentleman is urging the chartering of this road
for the benefit of the class of people that he
professes to desire to benefit he certainly ought
not to object to the insertion of a provision of
the kind I have suggested.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I am as
much in favor of low fare as the gentleman can
be; but I wish to say to the gentleman that five
cents on the Pennsylvania avenue road is better
than eight or even ten cents on the proposed
Connecticut avenue road. The business upon
the road will be light; the people along the
line^of the proposed road will build it with
theif own money, for their own convenience,
and for the convenience of their families.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There
must be a great many more people to ride on
that road than those who live in the neighbor-
hood. I think the provision I have suggested
is one which we should put in this bill.
Mr. VAN HORN. I think if it is left to
the people along the line of the road they
would be willing to pay six cents for the privi-
lege of getting the road.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They have
the privilege of paying that now.
Mr. CHANLER. If I understood this bill
correctly as it was read, the termination of the
road is to be at the boundary line of this city.
Now, I want to know if this bill proposes to
grant the franchise of travel over any streets
of the city, except Connecticut avenue? I
ask the Clerk to read that portion of the bill
which describes the route of the proposed
road.
The Clerk read as follows:
Commencing; at the intersection of Seventeenth
street west and Pennsylvania avenue, along the west
side of Seventeenth street to its intersection with II
street north, thence alongSeventeenthstreetwest to
its intersection with Connecticut avenue, thenco
along said avenue to Boundary street; also horn the
intersection of lioundarystreetand Connecticut ave-
nue along the county road from such intersection,
thence on any road opened, or which may hereafter
bo opened west of the l^ourtcenth street road to,
within, or through the proposed public park, or to
the county line of Washington county.
Mr. CHANLER. I beg to draw the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that this bill grants
a franchise over any county road which is now
opened, or which may hereafter be opened.
There is a road which connects Connecticut
avenue at the foot of Meridian Hill with the
Fourteenth street road ; and 1 would ask those
who have charge of this bill whether the object
is to make a connection at that point? I think
it is due to the House that the full extent of
this contemplated road should be stated. I
would suggest the propriety of limiting this
grant to such county roads as already exist.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I am not
inclined to yield further to the gentlemen, as I
have only a few minutes remaining.
Mr. CHANLER. I would like to offer an
amendment providing that the grant shall not
extend over any street or road not specified
and not marked on any existing map or chart
of the city.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I cannot
yield for any further amendment. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to let the House vote on the amend-
ment I suggested.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I decline
to yield for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, then,
I hope that the previous question will not be
seconded. My proposition is fair and just.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 39, noes 39 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Van Horn,
ofNew York, and Mr. Cuanler were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 52, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes 10, noes 51.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
tellers on ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
On ordering the main question there were—
ayes 47, noes 32; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. iffgeksoil
and Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 59, noes 39.
So the main question was ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Imovethat
the bill be laid on the table.
On the motion there were—ayes 36, noes 60.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes twenty.
The SPEAKER. More than one fifth of
those voting on the last count have voted for
ordering the yeas and nays.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I call for tellers
on ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
the bill on the table; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 29, nays 94, not voting 66;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Benton, Churchill, Sidney
Clarke, Cook, Geta, Glossbrenner, Holman, Hunter,
Keliey, Ketcham, William Lawrence, Orth, Scofield,
Sitgreavcs, Smith, Spalding, Aaron F.Stevens, Stone,
Taber, Taffe, Taylor, Upson, Van Auken, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn. EiihuB. Washburne, Thomas Wil-
liams. James i'. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Archer, Arnell,
Delos It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, AxteM, Bailey,
33aldwin, Banks, Beaman, Beotty, Beck, Benjamin,
Bingham, Bromwell, Brootnall, Buckland, Burr,
Cake, Cary, Chanlcr, Reader W. Clarke, Coburn. Co-
vode, Cullom, Dixon, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Fox,
Gravely. Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins, Hotelikiss, Ches-
ter L>. lluhbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
lngcrsoll, Jcnckos, Johnson, Judd, Julian, Kelsey,
Kerr, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Lincoln, Loan.Lougli-
l'idgo, Mallory, Marshall, Maynard, McClurg, Me-
Cormick, Mereur, Miller, Moore, JYIorrell, Mulling,
Mungen, Myers, Nowcomb, Nicholson, O'Neill,
Paine, Pcrham, Peters, Pike, Plants, Poland, Polsley,
Pomoroy, Price, Sawyer, Stewart, Thomas. Law-
rence S. Trimble, Twichell, Burt Van Horn. Robert
X. Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, Weiker,
Windom, and Woodbridge—04.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Barnes,
Barnum, Blaine, Blair, Boutwcll, Boyer, Brooks,
liutlnr. Cobb, Cornell, Dawes, Dodge, Donnelly, Ela,
Eliot, Finney, Garfield, Golladay, Griswold, Grover,
Haight.Halsey, Harding, Higby, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Jones, Knott, George V. Law-
rence, Logan, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, MeCul-
lough, Moorhead, Morgan, Morrissey, Niblaek,
Nunn, Phelps. Pile, Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Robert-
son, Robinson, Ross, Schonck, Selye. Shanks, Shell-
abarger, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes,
John Trimble. Trowbridge. Van Aernam, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, William Wil-
liams. John T. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—66.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
During the vote,
Mr. GETZ stated that his colleague, Mr.
Randall, was absent on account of the death
of his child.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the engrossed bill be read.
The SPEAKER. It is not engrossed, and
therefore goes to the Speaker's table.
alaiiama election.
Mr. BQUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Reconstruction, sub-
mitted the following resolution :
liaofofid. That the Secretary of War be directed to
transmit to this House copies ofa.ll reports made hy
Major General Meade to the General of the Army,
relating to the election in Alabama in February last,
together with copies of all papers on the same sub-
ject transmitted by General Meade.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOYAL CLAIiMAXTS.
Mr. THOMAS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the folio wing resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of devising
