1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2165
means of ascertaining precisely the amounts severally
due to loyal claimants by the United Statos tor which
payment is not now authorized by law, and of pro-
viding tor the payment thereof by grants of public
land to the respective claimants to the amount of
their several claims in value, estimating the land
granted at $1 25 per acre.
IlIGIXTS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the joint resolution of the Legislature of
Ohio, in respect to the rights of American citi-
zens ; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
RICHARD IIEXRY i"ALJ5.
Mr. AXTELL, by unanimous consent^ in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. li. No. 217) as
to the admission of llichard HetiryYale to ex-
amination for admission into the Naval Acad-
emy ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
NEW POST KOCTK IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. ii. No. 974) establishing a post
route from Montgomery station, by way of
Mount Zion, toElemsport, in Lycoming county,
Pennsylvania ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post lioads.
COLLEGE SC1UP.
Mr. TAFFE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. ii. No. lJ75) making agricul-
tural and mechanical college scrip receivable
in payment of preemption claims; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
ADMISSION OF ALABAMA.
The SPEAKER stated that the first busi-
ness in order was the biil for the admission of
Alabama, on which the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Kr.uu] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the President's
veto message.
The SPEAKER. That can be reached by
the gentleman moving to proceed to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT OF SOLDIERS' BOUNTIES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of War, relative to the
necessity of an appropriation for the payment
of soldiers' bounties under the recent law ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
NEW YORIv "BATTERY."
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, relative to
the purchase of land on the "Battery" in New
York ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OF TAUNTON ltlYER.
Tha SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, relative to
the improvement of the Taunton river, Massa-
chusetts ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
FORT GRATIOT MILITARY RESERVATION.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, relativeto
a sale of a portion of the Fort Gratiot mili-
tary reservation; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a:i estimate by General Michler of the
amount of necessary appropriations for defi-
ciencies for public buildings for the present
fiscal year; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
SURVEY OF TENNESSEE RIVER.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War., relative to
the survey of the Tennessee river; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
aud ordered to be printed.
JURISDICTION OF THE SUPREME COURT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the Senate:
In the Senate of the United States,
March 25,1808.
Ordered, That.the Secretary communicate the bill
entitled "An act to amend an act to amend thejudi-
ciary act, passed the 24th of September, 1789," with
the message of the I'rcndent returning the same to
the Senate with his objcctio.ns, and the proceedings
of the Senate thereon, to the House of Kcpro.-.eiHa-
U Attest: 3. W. FORNEY,
Secretary.
The Clerk then read the bill, as follows;
An act to amend an act entitled "An act to amend
the judiciary act, put-scd the 24th of September,
1780."
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Conores# assem-
bled, That final judgment in any circuit court of the
United States, in any civil action against a collector
or other officer of the revenue, for any act done by
him in the performance of his official duty, or for the
recovery of any money exacted by or paid to mm
which shall have been paid into the Treasury of the
United States, may, at the instance of either party,
be reexamined and reversed or affirmed in the Su-
preme Court of the United States, upon writ of eVror. I
without regard to the sum or value in controveisy in
such action. .
Si:c. 2. Andbcit further enacted. That so much of the
act approved February 5, 1867, entitled "An act to
amend an act to establish the judicial courts of the uni-
ted States," approved September 24,1789, as authorizes
an appeal from the judgment of the circuit court to
the Supieme Court of the United States, or the exer-
cise of any such jurisdiction by said Supreme Court
on appeals which have been or may hereafter be
taken, bo, and the same is hereby, repealed.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Sneaker of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
The Clerk then read the following certificate
attached to the foregoing bill:
Is tiie Senate of thi; United Staths,
March 2o, 180S.
The President of the United States having returned
with his objections thorcto. the Senate proceeded, in
pursuance of the Constitution, to reconsider the same.
Resolved, That the Miid bill do pass, two third-: of
the Senate agreeing to pa^s the some.
Attest: J. W. IOKNE1,
Secretary of the Senate.
The Clerk then read the message of the
President of the United States, as follows:
To the Senate of thn United States:
I have considered, with such carp as the
pressure of other duties lias permitted, a bill
entitled <:An act to amend an act entitled 'An
act to amend the judiciary act, passed the 24th
of September, 1789.' " Not being able to ap-
prove all of its provisions, I herewith return it
to the Senate, m which House it originated,
with a brief statement of my objections.
The first section of the bill meets my appro-
bation, as, for the purpose of protecting the
rights of property from the erroneous decisions
of inferior judicial tribunals, it provides means ,
for obtaining uniformity, by appeal to the Su- <
preme Court of the United States, in cases j
which have now become very numerous and of j
much public interest, and in which such rem- j
edy is not now allowed. The second section, ;
however, takes away the light of appeal to that j
court in cases which involve the life and lib- j
erty of the citizen, and leaves them exposed to j1
the judgment ot numerous interior tribunals.
It is apparent that the two sections were eon- j
ceived in a very different spirit, aud 1 regiet ^
that my objections to one impose upon me the j
necessity of withholding my sanction from the i
other. . , I
I cannot give my assent to a measure which
proposes to deprive any person ''restrained
of his or her liberty in violation of the Consti-
tution, or of any treaty or law of the United
States," from the right of appeal to the highest
judicial authority known toour Government.
To "securethe blessings of liberty to ourselves
and to oar posterity'1 is one of the declared
objects of the Federal Constitution, lo assure
these guaranteesare provided in the same instru-
ment, as welt against " unreasonable searches
and seizures'' as against the suspension of " the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus" un-
less when, in cases of rebellion or invasion, the
public safety may require it." It was doubt-
less to afford the people the means of protect-
ing and enforcing these_ inestimable privileges
that the jurisdiction which this bill proposes to i
take away was conferred upon the Supreme *
Court of the nation. The act conferring that
jurisdiction was approved on the 5th of
February, 1867, with a full knowledge of the
motives that prompted its passage, and be-
cause it was believed to be necessary and right.
Nothing has since occurred to disprove the wis-
dom and justness of the measures; and to mod-
ify it as now proposed would be to lessen the
protection of the citizen from the exercise of
arbitrary power and to weaken the safeguards
of life and liberty, which can never be made
too secure against illegal encroachm-ents.
The bill not only prohibits the adjudication
by the Supreme Courtof cases in which appeals
may hereafter be taken, but interdicts its juris-
diction on appeals which have already been
made to that high judicial body. If, therefore,
it should become a law, it will, by its retroact-
ive operation, wrest from the citizen a remedy
which he enjoyed at the time of his appeal, it
will thus operate most harshly upon those who
believe that justice has been denied them in the
inferior courts.
The legislation proposed in the second sec-
tion, it seems tome, is not in harmony with
the spirit and iutention of the _ Constitution.
It cannot fail to affect most injuriously the jirst
equipoise of our system of government; for it
establishes a precedent which, if followed, may
eventually sweep away every check on arbi-
trary and unconstitutional legislation. Thus
far duriug the existence of the Government
the Supreme Court of the United States has
been viewed by the people as the true ex-
pounder of their Constitution, and in the most
violent party conflicts its judgments and de-
crees have always been sought and deferred to
with confidence and respect. In public esti-
mation it combines judicial wisdom and im-
partiality in a greater degree than any other
authority known to the Constitution 5 and flny
act which may be construed into ot mistaken
for an attempt to prevent or evade its decisions,
on a question which affects the liberty ol the
citizcns and agitates the country, caunot fail
to be attended with unpropitious consequences.
It will be justly held by a large portion the
people as an admission of the unconstitution-
ality of the aet on which its judgment may be
forbidden or forestalled, and may interfere
with that willing acquiescence in its provisions
which is necessary for the harmonious and
efficient execution of any law.
For these reasons thus briefly and imper-
fectly stated, and for others, of which want
of time forbids the enumeration, I deem it my
duty to withhold my assent from this bill,
and to return it for the reconsideration of
C0ngre&S' ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., March'lo, lbOS.
The SPEAKER- The question before the
House, under the Constitution, is, " ill the
House, on reconsideration, agree to the pas-
sage of this bill ?'' on which the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Docs the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. \\ oowvakb] de-
sire to be heard on this question?
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes, sir; but I prefer
to be heard after the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Wilson."]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is not my pur-
pose to enter upoit any general discussion ot
| the veto unless it should be rendered necessaiy
I by something that may be said in favor of it.
! ii' the gentleman desires to be heard 1 will
I yield him a part of my time.
' Mr. WOODWARD. How much I
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. How much does
the gentleman desire ?
Mr. WOODWARD. I want an horn.
