1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IUI
at the time, and my information in regard to
the matter was obtained from others. Bat I
believe that information is correct, and will be
confirmed by gentlemen who were'here.. Ac-
cording to that information the gentleman's
bill, after being once defeated in this House,
was, by dint of his persuasion andeloquence,
finally reconsidered and foisted upon the conn-
try. I understand that to be the fact.
One word more. The gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Donsejlly] takes, issue in regard
to the matter of expense. He has proposed
merely an appropriation for the salaries.. But,
sir, we cannot stop there. If we vote these
appropriations for salaries we must vote ad-
ditional appropriations for the contingent
expenses of this Department, as set down in
this book of estimates ; and the aggregate will
be $30,670. The question for the House to
decide is whether at this time, when our peo-
ple are crushed to the earth with taxation,
when so many in various branches of labor
are without employment, we shall foist this
Department permanently npon the country at
an annual expense of thousands of dollars or
whether we shall discontinue it now.
Mr. DAWES. Would not an appropriation
for this Department be as useful as an appro-
priation for seed-bags?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
opposed both.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. PIKE. I renew it for the purpose of
saying a few words in regard to the passage of
the act establishing this Department. At the
time it was passed I made strenuous opposition
to it on the ground that it was entirely unne-
cessary and, in my judgment, a wasteful ex-
penditure of the public money. It seemed to
me also improper as a step toward aggregating
here all authority in regard to matters which
should be left to the regulation of the States—
gathering everything here, as I said at the
time, except the poor-houses, which we still
left to the control of the States. On the first
discussion of this subject, which occupied some
time, the measure coming up in the regular
course of business upon the report of a com-
mittee, the bill was beaten by a small majority.
The majority was so small that we who were
opposed to the measure were afraid to move to
reconsider and lay on the table lest we should
not be able to carry it. Subsequently a motion
to reconsider was entered, and it was adopted
without any further discussion. By dint of
personal entreaty the bill was carried through
the House; and that is the way it happened to
become a law.
Mr. UPSON. The gentleman will permit
me to say that the motion to reconsider was
made by myself.
Mr. BLAINE. But not on the same day the
bill was defeated.
Mr. UPSON. Yes, the same day.
Mr. PIKE. At any rate the motion was not
brought up and voted upon till some days after-
ward. I wish to say further that I hope this
House, after performing the magnanimous act
of robbing a few clerks of two or three hun-
dred dollars a year, under the lead of the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Illinois, will not now
squander the money so saved upon this useless
institution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. "Still
harping on my daughter!" [Laughter.]
Mr. PIKE. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. I renew it. I desire that
this matter may be properly understood, for I
was responsible in part for the statement made
in the Committee on Appropriations that the
bill establishing the Department of Education
got through this House by a very tight squeeze,
having been in the first instance defeated. I
hold in my hand the record. On the 8th day
of June, 1861, the bill was defeated,in this
House by a vote of fifty-nine ayes to sixty-one
noes. 1 was myself among the noes; but at
a subsequent part of the same day, having the
floor on another question, I was good natured
enough, or weak enough, at the request of my
persuasive friend from Ohio, [Mr. Garfiei-d,]
to yield the floor to my friend from Michigan,
[Mr. Upsox,] to move a reconsideration; and
on that reconsideration it was taken up, with
what alterations in the meantime I know
nothing about, and the bill passed. I say this
in order to vindicate the statement I made to
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD/ The gentleman from
Maine has explained that the bill was passed with
great difficulty, or, as he elegantly expresses
it, "by a tight squeeze." But- he has not
answered the fact 1 allege, that on the 19th of
J-une, about one week after its temporary
defeat, the bill was passed by a vote of eighty
yeas to forty-four nays. Now, if that be a
" tight squeeze" I should be glad to know how
the gentleman would describe the passage of a
bill by a really small majority. But no matter;
the bill did pass as I have stated, by a vote of
almost two to one.
I want to say a word further since I am np.
No single act of the last Congress has been more
favorably commented upon by other nations
than that, freed as it was irom all partisan char-
acter. One of the leading members of the
House of Lords, on the 2d of December last,
moved that there be created by the British
Parliament a department of education, and that
the minister of education should have a seat
in the catainet as one of the counsellors of her
majesty. r He made one of the most elaborate
and searching speeches of the session in its
defense. The extension of suffrage to eight
hundred thousand working men of England has
made an increase of the educational forces a
public necessity. The bill establishing the
Department has been noticed in all the nations
and languages of Europe as a step in the direc-
tion which nations must take to secure the lib-
erty of the people and the safety of the Gov-
ernment.
The gentleman from Illinois hopes the amend-
ment will be voted down, and the Department
abolished. I am not one of those who seek to
pluck out the eyes of the nation. If the gen-
tleman desires to cut off two or three thousand
clerks, and their services can be spared, I will
join him. I heartily second all his just efforts
to reduce the expenditures of the Government;
but when he refuses to appropriate §13,000 for
the maintenance of this Department, asked for
by every friend of education in the United
States, and seeks to destroy it, he is like one
who would pull down the light-house on our
coast to save expense to the Government.
Mr. DONNELLY. I find in the Globe that
on the 19th of June the bill passed on the j ens
and nays by a vote of eighty yeas to forty-four
nays.
Mr. PIKE. Without any discussion.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say one word
more. I am surprised at the charges made
against the gentleman who is at the head of
this Department; and if for no other reason
than to give him a fair hearing, we ought not
to take action in this matter until we have his
reports, which I understand are nearly ready.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Who made
fviq miurctoq?
Mr. GARFIELD. Two or three gentlemen.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What-
oil s V
Mr. GARFIELD. That the Commissioner
has not been here, that he has done his work
in Connecticut, and so on.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 simply wish .to say if this
brought before the House the original merits of
this proposition I might look at it in a different
light from that in which I now view it. This
Department being charged by law with certain
specified duties, 1 think we ought first to have
the report of the Commissioner before us, so that
we may know what has been done as a guide
for our intelligent action.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wilson,
of Iowa, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the special order under con-
sideration, being House bill No. 605, mating,
appropriations for the legislative,' executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th' of June; 1869, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fgrkey,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (S. No. 237) in relation
to the promulgation of the laws of the United
States, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
michael m'canst.
Mr. HARDING, from the Committee of
Claims, reported adversely on the claim of
Michael McCann; and the same was ordered
to be laid on the table.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Moore for one week.
And then, on motion of Mr. MAYNARD,
(at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions,,etc.
The following petitions, <fcc., were presented
under-the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMES: The petition of William
Mason and others, for removal of obstructions
to the navigation of Taunton river.
By Mr. BUCKLA^iD: The petition of N.
S. C. Perkins and others, citizens of Norwalk,
Ohio, against the renewal of the patent for the
Howe sewing-machine.
B.v Mr. CAKE: The petition of Theodore
Garretson and others, citizens of Schuylkill
county, Pennsylvania, in favor of protection to
American industry, and denying that any mate-
rial interest of the country is injured thereby.
On the contrary, the example of the English
system of protection shows that not only her
workshops, but her commerce itself, has been
built up by a judicious protective tariff.
By Mr. ELA: The petition of John Morley,
of Rollinsford, New Hampshire, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Melinda Ferguson and
6 others, widows of soldiers in the war of 1812,
asking for pensions.
Also, the petition of Daniel Stevens and 12
others, soldiers of the war of 1812, asking for
a law to give pensions to soldiers who served
in that war.
By Mr. IIALSEY: Resolutions^ of the
Friendly Sons of Ireland, of Jersey City, New
J ersey, in reference to protection of adopted
citizens.
By Mr. HILL: The proceedings of a meet-
ing of the Friendly Sons of Ireland, at Jer-
sey City, New Jersey, in regard to the rights
of American citizens in foreign countries.
Also, the address, resolutions, and proceed-
ings of the anti-monopoly State convention,
held at Trenton, New Jersey, January 22,1868,
to oppose the extension of the monopoly priv-
ileges of the Camden and Amboy Railroad
Company, and to secure the passage of a gen-
eral railroad law.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A me-
morial of a committee of merchants of Boston,
in favor of provision being made by the Gov-
ernment of the United States for expenses
incurred in rescuing seamen or passengers from
wrecks upon the high seas or inland waters of
the United States.
By Mr. HOPKINS: The petition of Sally
C. Northrup, praying for relief by the passage
of an act perfecting the title to certain bounty
land warrants.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 421 cit-
izens of Kansas, praying Congress to grant
them the right to purchase, at §1 25 per acre,
one hundred and sixty acres each of the lands
purchased of the Osage. Indians, said right of
purchase to be restricted to'actual settlers on
said lands; and that said lands may not be
