4214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July .18,
The committeodidnot investigate beyond the scope
of tno_ resolution, but it came out incidentally that n
"considerable amount" of expense had been incurred
for furniture by direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior on a contract made in the same manner as that
for printing, and the report of the Commissioner of
Patents made to the Senate in January, 186S, shows
the contingent expensesof the office for the year 1867,
including printing, to have been 8260,812 85, besides
$46,301 98 for permanent improvements, $16,810 60 for
illustrations of report, and some $3,442 48 for other
expenses.
When we find forty-eight dollars per thousand paid
for Man ill a envoi opes, nine by twelveinches, includ-
ing printing Commissioner's frank; forty dollars per
thousand for printed cards for patents, and $22 50 per
thousand for small printed tag cards, while the best
parehmentpaper, twenty-eight by thirty-two inches,
is bid for at one cent per sheet, it would seem proper
that some change should bo made in the interest of
the Treasury for furnishing stationery supplies for
the several Departments of theGovernrnent.
No bills for printing specifications have been paid
since February last,and we recommend theadoption
of the accompanying resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In view
of the extraordinary facts developed in that
report, I ask leave to otter the preamble and
resolution which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Whereas the late Commissioner of Patents alleges
he had the approval of the Secretary of the Treasuiy
in relation to the expenditures referred to in the
report of the Committee on Printing:
Rc.mlwd, That acopy of said report be transmitted
to said Secretary, and that he bo directed to commu-
nicate to Congress in relation thereto.
Mr, JENCKES. I object to that resolution
at this time.
The question recurred upon the passage of
the joint resolution.
Mr. JENCKES. This report relates to two
subjects, while the joint resolution names but
one. Now, I wish to state to this House that
this subject of stationery contracts for the De-
partment of the Interior has been for some
time under investigation by the Committee on
Retrenchment, the investigation being author-
ized by a resolution of the Senate. What has
been presented to the House by the Commit-
tee on Printing is the mere surface of that
transaction. The Committee On Retrench-
ment have found this matter of sufficient im-
portance to lead them to call before tliem all
the officers who have had" anything to do with
these contracts, and they have taken a large
amount of testimony. That which has been
reported from the Committee on Printing,
although it may be correct in some of its state-
ments, is yet far from the truth in its results.
Mr. ELA. In what particular is it far from
the truth in its results ?
Mr. JENCKES. I will state to the gentle-
man. The figures which the gentleman gives
us in his report are not the results of the sworn
statements of the parties engaged in these
transactions. They have been furnished to the
Committee on Printing by interested parties
who have not been successful in their negotia-
tions with the Department of the Interior.
Mr. ELA. The gentleman is entirely mis-
taken.
Mr. JENCKES. We have had those figures
before the Committee on Retrenchment in pre-
cisely the same form, and we have found that
they do not express the whole truth. We might
have been misled, as the Committee on Print-
ing seems to have been misled, if we had
adopted those ex parte statements. But as I
have said, we have called before us every offi-
cer of the Government connected with the
transactions in question, and we will soon be
ready to submit a report upon the whole sub-
ject of stationery contracts.
However, as the jointresolution of the Com-
mittee on Printing contemplates no action in
that regard, what I have said is merely for in-
formation. As I heard the resolution read, it
is not aimed at the stationery contracts, but
is aimed at the printing, which is within the
domain of the Committee on Printing. The
stationery contracts are matters relating to the
expenditures of the Government, and are within
the province of the Committee on Retrench-
ment, and has received their consideration.
There is undoubtedly great errors committed
in the present mode of making those contracts.
They are open to great frauds ; frauds have been i
committed, and committed because of t.he de-
fects in the law. They have taken advantage of
theerrors of our legislation, and have sheltered
themselves in every instance ofpast transactions
that we have been able to find out undercover
of acts of Congress and regulations framed in
accordance with those acts. The remedy for
those evils in the future is to strike at the root
of the matter, and to so frame our acts that
bids for stationery shall be received, as they
are now received for other articles, in faircom-
petition, so that we can l-eceive exactly what
we propose to pay our money for. Then there
will be no occasion for this investigation.
In regard to the other part of the report, the
matter of printing specifications, the gentle-
man from New Hampshire [Mr. Ei.a] seems
to have overlooked the statute which expressly
authorized the Secretary of the Interior to
make contracts for printing these specifica-
tions. The law required them to keep fair
records, and to furnish copies at the shortest
possible notice. A great many copies of patents
are required not only for use in this country
but to be transmitted to other parts of the
world. In carrying out the requirements of
the law and meeting the wants of those deal-
ing with the Patent OlHce the Commissioner
was formerly obliged to employ a large force
of copyists at agreat expense, not to the office,
because the expense does not ultimately fall
on the patent fund but upon those requiring
these copies. It was found, upon examination,
that it would be much better to furnish printed
copies of these specifications, much cheaper
and more convenient for every one interested,
than to employ a host of copyists to do poor
work at a high price. But before ordering
any such printing the authorization of statute
law was procured. By the act of 18G1 the
Commissioner is authorized to have printed
ten copies of every specification and two copies
of a particular kind, one of them upon parch-
ment, for reference in the office. That act
was the foundation of this printing.
One word as to this patent fund, to which
reference has been made. What is this patent
fund ? Why, sir, it is a fund by which invent-
ors and others who have dealings with the
office pay for the work which they get done
there. If the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire or I should desire a copy of a specifica-
tion of a patent we would much prefer to have
it in print, fair and legible, than in the careless
writing and illegible characters of a bad copy-
ist. 1 do not deny that in relation to the mat-
ters embraced in the report there may be a
state of things requiring investigation; and
this appears to have been the view of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasilburne] in offer-
ing his resolution. He proposes to ask the
Secretary of the Interior to report what has
been done. I can answer the gentleman, and
from evidence taken before the Committee of
Retrenchment the Secretary of the Interior
is undoubtedly responsible for all these sta-
tionery contracts; it rests with him to say
whether they shall be continued or revoked.
It is, it seems to me, out of the power of this
House to interfere with the matter. It is un-
doubtedly true that there lias been done by
order ol the different Departments printing
which, under the construction given to the law
by the Committee on Printing, should have
been done at the Congressional Pi inting Office.
But that is a matter of construction. The
resolution should apply to all the departments
of the Government as well as to the Depart-
ment of the Interior, if it is to be made avail-
able at ail. But in this matter of printing
these specifications it is strictly a matter of
discretion. There has been no violation of
the statute. There is no statute authorizing
the Commissioner of Patents to procure this
printing to be done at the Public Printing
(Iffiee. There is a statute which the Commit-
tee on Printing regard as requiring the print-
ing to be done at the Public Printing Office.
Every head of every Department, as the com-
mittee will bear me out in saying—every head
of every Department of this Uovernnient, has
construed the statute otherwise, and they have
all had printing done elsewhere. Now, whether
these specifications are well done or artistically
done is a matter of no consequence. They are
done for the convenience of parlies. They are
done for transmission, not only through this
country, hut throughout the world; and we
receive in return for those we send to Europe
specifications from England and France and
a number of other countries which have patent
laws to protect inventors.
I wish to say something about other matters
incidentally referred to. It is complained of
in the report that this expense was paid out
of the patent fund. I wish the Committee
on Printing and the members of this House to
know what this fund is, how it has accumu-
lated, whence it arose, and for what purpose
it has been collected. In the early history
of this Government we passed a patent law, in
1790, which requires this. From that down to
1850, when the patent laws were revised, the
Government has been receiving $300,000 from
inventors in fees.
Mr. ELA. I rise to a question of order, as
to whether the gentleman is debating this ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
gentleman is debating this joint resolution. It
brings up the whole subject.
Mr. JENCKES. The question is whether
it is payable out of the patent fund. When
the Patent Office was destroyed in 1836 there
was a balance to the credit of that office
of $150,000, which, by solemn statute, the
Congress of the United States, and every
cent to be thereafter received by the Patent
Office, as a sacred fund for the use of the
inventors of this country. That stands upon
the statute-book unrepealed. It is as much a
dedication as if property were set apart by will
for a specific purpose. It is as much dedi-
cated to that purpose as any sum voted by
Congress for any special charity in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. From that time the rev-
enues of that office have steadily increased.
I will give the House an idea of that fund.
Within the last six months the inventors of
the United States have paid into the Treas-
ury 
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Ways and
Means is indignant at me. I do not know
what to do but to appeal to my friend from
Rhode Island.
Mr. JENCKES. I will not abuse the court-
esy of the gentleman. Within the last six
months the inventors of the United States paid
as patent fees more than for forty-three years
previous to 1830. In this report—and I allude
to it because it is in the report—it is complained
the expenses have increased as the receipts
have increased. Of course they have. When
the receipts were fixed in 1851 they were fixed
at so low a rate there could be no profit to tho
Patent Office. This exists simply for the pur-
pose of encouraging the inventive genius of the
country. It exists for the protection and trans-
action of their business. For every dollar they
pay into the fund they are entitled to receive
something. It is held for the purpose of pro-
moting the useful arts. I wish to say some-
thing in regard to what was done in the com-
mittee of conference without anything saiu in
the House and without anything in the com-
mittee upon which to hang it. That is delib-
erately to confiscate this entire fund, to cover
it into the Treasury, and pay out how much ?
Why, for a year's appropriation less than halt'
what is^ required for six months' business of
that office. And this, too, came from the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburjte,] who
has sat here ever since I have been in Congress
objecting to every measure of general legisla-
tion m appropriation bills ; and yet not in Com-
mittee ol the Whole, but in a committee of
conference, where it could not be contested,
he brought into the House and had the pro-
vision put through here without a word of
explanation, without even the report itself
being read, and it became a law without a
single member of the House of Represcnta-
