1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,1
donated to railroad corporations, but reserved
for settlers only.
By Mr. KERR: A memorial of Mrs. Eliz-
abeth J. Marshall, of Washington county, In-
diana, for relief as a pensioner under the United
States.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of John.
Brown and many others, praying for aid to
educate the orphans of deceased soldiers in
East Tennessee.
By Mr. MOORE: A memorial and reso-
lutions of a meeting of the Friendly Sons of
Ireland, in Jersey City, New Jersey.
Also, the resolutions and proceedings of the
anti-monopoly State convention of New Jersey.
Also, a memorial of the national convention
of manufacturers.
By Mr. MULLINS: The petition of Messrs.
Lemuel Balliny and 26 others, citizens of
Kentucky, praying for a modification of the in-
ternal taxes, so as to relieve the necessaries
and tax the luxuries of life, so as to make up
the apparent deficit, &c.
Also, the petition of George Theobald and 41
others, citizens of Kentucky, praying for a
modification of the internal taxes, so as to re-
lieve the necessaries of life and tax the luxu-
ries of life, so as to mako good any deficit
therefrom.
Also, the petition of A. R. Jackson and
88 others, citizens of Kentucky, praying for a
modification of the internal taxes, so as to
relieve the necessaries and tax the luxuries of
life, so as to make good any deficit therefrom.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: The
petition of citizens of Warsaw, New York, ask-
ing a readjustment of the revenue laws and a
reduction of taxes.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The petition of William Eddy, asking for re-
issue of United States bond .in place of one
destroyed by fire.
By Sir. WILSON, of Iowa: A memorial of
Lesiie Bassett, captain thirteenth Iowa infan-
try, and 6 other volunteer officers, residents of
Brighton, Iowa, relative to a recent decision
of the Court of Claims construing the act of
June 20, 1864.
withdrawal of papers.
' The ifollowing papers were withdrawn from
the files of the House, and referred to the ap-
propriate committee:
By Mr. BUCKLAND: The petition of Mi-
randa Stage, widow of S. Stage, for relief.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 13, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gkay, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 510) to facilitate the
collection of the direct tax in the State of Del-
aware was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
a petition of R. Shaw & Son, knitting weavers,
Needham, Massachusetts, praying a revision
of the internal revenue laws and a reorganiza-
tion of the internal revenue department, a re-
duction of all expenditures to the limit required
by a just and careful economy, a repeal of all
taxes on raw materials and manufactures ex-
cept articles of luxury; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of John James
Flournoy, praying an amendment to the Con-
stitution of' the United States which will fully
recognize the obligations of the Christian reli-
gion ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary. . . . ,
He also presented a petition of citizens of the
United States, praying a change in the mode
of appointments and removals of oliieers
charged with the collection or disbursement ot
moneys belonging to the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.^ _
' Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of New York, praying the passage of a
law providing that all contracts made payable
in gold by the parties thereto shall be payable
in gold according to the tenor of the same;
which was ordered to lie on the table, a bill to
that effect having been reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Boston, Massachusetts, praying the pas-
sage of a law that all contracts made payable
in gold by the parties thereto shall be payable
in gold, according to the tenor of the same;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of Solomon
Stover, praying compensation for the use and
occupation "of his property by United States
troops from June 1, 1801, to May 29, 1866,
and for damages to the property by the troops ;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying the passage of a law
legalizing all written contracts for the payment
of gold coin; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Nebraska, praying an extension of
mail route 14004, from Atchison to Padonia,
in Kansas, to Nemaha City, Nebraska; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of
citizens of Alabama, protesting against being
placed under the rule of negroes, and against
the enforcement of the reconstruction acts of
Congress; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWARD. I present the memorial of
J. Weil & Brothers, and some twenty others,
citizens of Ann Arbor, in the State of Mich-
igan. They ask that the Navy may be reduced
from the one hundred and three vessels now
in commission to thirty or less. They want
the revenue laws so adjusted that the balance
of trade shall be in favor of this country, that
the products of our mines of gold and silver
and our bonds will remain at home, thus giving
us in due time a specie basis for our national
currency and work for our now idle men. They
declare that they have full confidence in the
ability of Congress to grant all they ask, and
at the same time protect the credit and honor
of the country. They express the belief that
by so doing Congress will confer a lasting
blessing upon this great and suffering people,
and entitle themselves to the credit and sup-
port of every voter in the land. This petition
is signed by numerous respectable business
men of that place, and I ask that it may be
referred to the Committee on Finance, and I
desire to call the especial attention of that com-
mittee to the subjects embraced in it.
It was so referred.
Mr. ROSS presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the passage
of a law granting pensions to the soldiers of
the war of 1812 from the date of their injuries
or their discharge from the service; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
reports oe committees.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Captain George Henry Preble, reported a bill
(S. No. 351) for the relief of Captain George
Henry Preble, a commander in the Navy of
the United States; which was read and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, who were instructed by a resolu-
tion of the Senate to inquire into the expe-
diency of repealing or modifying the act enti-
tled "An act to temporarily supply vacancies
in the Executive Departments in certain cases,''
reported a bill (S. No. 352) to authorize the
temporary supplying of vacancies in the Ex-
ecutive Departments; which was read a first
time by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that the bill be
read a second time, and go on the Calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It goes or
the Calendar without a further reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to give notice
that 1 shall call it up at an early day, as soon
as I can get the opportunity after it shall have
been printed and laid on our tables.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom were referred the petition and docu-
ments of Charles J. Jack, praying compensa-
tion for services rendered as counsel in defend-
ing certain officers, sailors, and marines before a
naval court-martial, submitted a report recom-
mending^ that the petitioner have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers; which was
to
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Edward McD. Reynolds, praying to be
reinstated in the Marine corps, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred
the petition of Ezra Carter, jr., late collector
at Portland, Maine, reported a bill (S. No.
353) to authorize the accounting officers of the
Treasury to adjust the accounts of Ezra Carter,
jr., late collector of customs at Portland,
Maine; which was read and passed to the sec-
ond reading.
warnings over obstructions in harbors.
Mr. MORGAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 95)
authorizing the Light-House Board to place
warnings over obstructions at the entrance of
harbors and in the fair-way of bays and sounds,
to report it back without amendment and rec-
ommend its passage; and as it is a simple
resolution, to which there can be no objection,
I ask for its consideration at the present time.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It authorizes the Light-
House Board, when in their judgment it 13
deemed necessary, to place a light-vessel or
o{her suitable warning of danger on or over
any wreck or temporary obstruction to the
entrance of any harbor or in the channel or
fair-way of any bay or sound.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
report of indian peace commission.
Mr. HENDERSON. There was a resolu-
tion reported some time since from the Com-
mittee on Printing in favor of printing a small
extra number of the report of the commission
011 Indian affairs. I desire to have some extra
numbers of that report printed. They can be
used very well. I am called on for them, and
I cannot furnish them. The supply has been
exhausted. I desire that the resolution shall
be called up and acted upon now. It will take
but a moment. It was postponed on account
of my absence.
There being_ no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of
the report of the peace commissioners be printed for
the uso ol the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. Are only five thousand
copies to be printed ?
Mr. HENDERSON. The resolution seems
to be so reported.
Mr. POMEROY. Do you not want more?
Mr. HENDERSON. Five thousand will
do, I think. *
The resolution was adopted.
denxistottx cotton case.
Mr. STEWART. I submit the following
resolution:
Whereas the Secretary of the Treasury, in his letter
01 January 13, 1863, in reply to a resolution of the
Donate adopted l)eeember 9, 1867, reports, among
other things, that certain suits in New York, known
as the Dennistown cotton suits, were compromised by
mm undtT the advice of eminent counsel:
Jtpfinhed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re--
quested to furnish to the Senate the name or names
ot the eminent counsel" referred to in hU commu-
nication, with copies of their opinions; also, that he
i>e requested to inform the Senate whether the Attor-
