3190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
cannot get a vote upon it ? I have been led
off by the very singular remarks of such gen-
tlemen as my friend on my right [Mr. Coxk-
likg] and others into discussing the entire
question. They must discuss everything, and
when you get to talking about it you must
follow them on. The Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] is very well calculated to
lead a gentleman off from almost anything.
He has rambled wonderfully on this ques-
tion.
Now, Mr. President, all that we have before
us is the proposition of my worthy friend, tlte
chairman or the committee, who very modestly
asks that you permit these southern States that
have no banking capital at all under the act,
because they were not in the Union at the time,
to establish banking capital on which to base
a circulating medium of $20,000,000. I do
not care whether you defeat it or not. The
fact is, I believe, upon a reconsideration, I
would rather you would do it than not. Goon
with this sort of work ; it is not going to hurt
anybody. At the next session of Congress you
will do what I desired to do in the beginning
of this, and we ought to have been attending
to it instead of other business. We ought to
have been regulating the finances of the coun-
try; but we were specially engaged in the dis-
charge of another important duty. We should
have made baukingperfectly free, and let every
man bank who has the bonds of the Govern-
ment to deposit.
Mr. President, who told this Congress, who
communicated the wisdom to this Congress to
enable them to know exactly how much circu-
lating medium the business of this country
demands? It is wisdom beyond that of Solo-
mon. It is wisdom beyond anything I can
conceive of. With twenty million people we
needed a circulating medium of $1,500,000,000
you said, and you issued it to the people, and
you forced it upon them by calling it a legal
tender in payment of debts. Now, you will
not permit the small sum of $20,000,000 to be
given where they have no banking capital,
with the obligation on their part to redeem in
the lawful money of the Government, when we
have intimations that the Supreme Court will
decide the legal-tender clause of your green-
back circulation to be void and of no effect.
That brings us to specie payments at once.
We see what will be the result of it. We see
what sort of a fix the country will be placed
in. It will require legislation. We ought to
prepare for it now. If gentlemen are really
sincere about desiring to return to specie pay-
ments, how do they expect to come to it?
Must you not come to it through the medium
of banks, by having banks in every part of the
country to collect coin for the purpose of meet-
ing their obligations ? Can the Government go
on collecting coin to prepare for specie pay-
ments? Attempt tbat, andyou will have} our
people clamoring for the sale of gold. When-
ever there is any large accumulation of gold in
the Treasury there is a clamor for the Secretary
of the Treasury to put gold upon the market
so as to bring gold down. If the Secretary of
the Treasury does not put it on the market,
gold goes up ; but just as soon as the Secretary
sells a little gold in New York, gold goes
down ; and it is because of this clamor that lie
is compelled to keep the premium on gold
down as far as possible. We can only resume
specie payments through the medium of the
banks, just as the Senator from Ohio very
modestly proposed. I did not want to adopt
any such system, but I was compelled to uo
it. I have been compelled to yield. The
Finance Committee insist that we cannot go
into free banking atthis session. Why? Itis
dangerous to talk about finance anyhow, dan-
gerous to talk about taxation, and there is
danger in everything.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ 1 do not wish my friend
to misrepresent the I'mance Committee. Ihe
Finance Committee occupy no such position.
They brought these questions deliberately be-
fore the Senate, and have asked the attention
of the body to them, but have been voted down
every time.
Mr. HENDERSON. Iam not talking about
the Finance Committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. You said " the Finance
Committee.''
Mr. HENDERSON. I am talking about
the Senate. Does not the Senator know that
the Senate lias taken this ground?
Mr. SHERMAN. I agree that the Senate
has, but the Finance Committee has not.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Finance Com-
mittee did not; but every member of the Fi-
nance Committee in the Senate I supposed so
voted. Did not the Senator from Ohio so
vote?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yotehow?
Mr. HENDERSON. Vote to ignore finan-
cia.1 questions at this session.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 beg leave to say that I
do not think any member of the committee
voted to ignore the financial questions. They
did their duty in bringing forward those ques-
tions, but could not get the Senate to act on
them.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am talking of the
action of the Senate, not of the commi'.tee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know any mem-
ber of the Finance Committee who in the Sen-
ate refused to consider these questions.
Mr. HENDERSON. Well, Mr. President,
when any question was discussed as to the
propriety of taking up financial measures at
this session I heard no opposition from mem-
bers of the Finance Committee in the Senate
to the conclusion arrived at. If the Senator
wants my opinion 1 will say that I am justified
by the identical bill he now reports; I voted
for him to report it, but I have a right to com-
ment on it, and I will comment on it.
Gentlemen talk about the people of the
West. Why should the people of my State be
compelled to stand by and listen to such a
speech as the Senator from Massachusetts has
made, with his pocket full of bonds, insisting
that the greenbacks shall be withdrawn, and
that nobody shall have an increase of the circu-
lating medium ; that he has got an iron rule
fixed upon us, and that the West must submit
to it; that we shall have no more circulation,
and all we ever get we must pay ten per cent,
for to some bank in New England that will
agree to surrender——
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to interrupt
the Senator's speech, but I have said nothing
of the kind. I said nothing about bonds.
Mr. HENDERSON. You ottered to sur-
render some of the circulating medium of
Massachusetts. You have that circulating
medium in Massachusetts, and of course you
must have deposited bonds for it.
Mr. WILSON. I offered to take $10,000,000
of Massachusetts and give it to you.
Mr. HENDERSON. Has the Senator any
interest in national banks ? How many banks
does he own in Massachusetts?
Mr. WILSON. Me personally?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. If it will be any service to
the gentleman, I will tell him that I have not
a dollar in any national bank, and [ have no
bonds of the Government; and if the gentle-
man wishes me to go further, I can tell him
that I have not $-500 of any kind of property
on earth. [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDERSON. Then I ask the Sena-
tor how it is that he offers to give up his $10,-
000,000 of the circulating medium of Massa-
chusetts? He is like a certain individual who
offered the whole world on one occasion when
he did not own an inch of it. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. I am the representative in
the Senate in part of the State of Massachu-
setts; and I think I know something of her
sentiments, of her opinions, and of her inter-
ests ; and it will be far wiser to take these
$20,000,000 from the existing banks, although
a considerable portion of it would come upon
my own State, than to increase at this time the
amount of paper money circulating in the coun-
try, and I shall so vote, regarding this as a less
evil than the other. Now, i hope the Senator
understands my position on this subject.
Mr. HENDERSON. Well 
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
would like to ask the Senator from Missouri a
question.
Mr. HENDERSON. That will relieve me
from answering the Senator from Massachu-
setts, and it is utterly impossible for me to do
it, for I do not understand him.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNewHampshire. The
question I wish to put springs from the position
the Senator has taken here. I understand it to
be the same position taken by the Senator from
Indiana, that money, like water, flows to the
lower level, the place where it is wanted, and
it makes little difference whether you have a
bank in New England or at the West, the money
will go where it is wanted.
Mr. HENDERSON. I toolcnosuch position.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. Did
not the Senator take a position in favor of free
banking ?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Under a system of free banking if New Eng-
land, either by her op Jon or by the force of the
Government, were to invest her surplus capital
in banking, what business would you have to
take that vested right and her invested property
awayfrom her and force it into another section
of the country, any more than you would have
a right to take out of the manufacturing estab-
lishments of New England the capital which is
invested in making cloth ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I fully agree with the
Senator that we have no more right to do it;
but the Senator from Massachusetts makes tho
proposition, and he has no more right to do it
than I have.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
understood the Senator from Missouri a moment
ago to complain of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts because he did not assent to taking the
bank stock from Massachusetts and giving it to
tlip
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir; the Senator
from Massachusetts knows better than that.
The Senator from New Hampshire was half
asleep. [Laughter.] I noticed him ; he paid
no attention. I knew very well he did not
understand it.
Mr. CAMERON. May I ask the Senator
from Missouri to allow me to make a motion?
Mr. HENDERSON. A motion for what?
Mr. CAMERON. It is to this effect: that
to-day and hereafter the Senate will adjourn at
four o'clock. 1 do not make the motion to
interrupt business ;sbut I think it will be more
agreeable to ourselves, more beneficial to the
country, and perhaps we shall expedite busi-
ness, it' we adjourn at a fixed hour every day.
Mr. HENDERSON. In order to make
this long speech of my friend short, I object
to being interrupted.
The PRESIDEN T pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri is not to be interrupted but
by his consent; and I hope he will not consent.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HENDERSON. I by no means con-
sent, because lam now in the midst of a speech
that will, perhaps, not close until five o'clock.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope to God it will not
last much longer. [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDERSON. I have known many
hopes entertained by my friend that have never
been realized, and perhaps this is not the last.
[Laughter.]
Mr. President, I have sat here patiently de-
siring a vote on this proposition. I now desire
a vote upon it. I do not wish to prolong tins
debate. I have certainly not participated in
it heretofore, and I did not intend to partici-
pate in it; but when such extraordinary views
are expressed as I have heard here to-day I
feel it my duty to notice them. Perhaps Irom
the indications I see around me I misunder-
stood what the Senator from Pennsylvania said
just now.
