i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
ney General of the United States gave any opinion
on the subject of compromising said suits; and, if so,
that he furnish a copy of the samo: also, thathe in-
form the Senate whether James W. Denver was at
any time counsel in said q&sg for the Treasury De-
partment, and that he furnish to the Senate a copy
of the letter of said DenveT to him, dated August 14,
1867, objecting to any compromise of said suits; and
further that the Secretary be requested.-to report to
the Senate what officer or agent of the Treasury
Department superintended or made said compro-
mise; and, also, specifically the terms of the same,
and, if in "writing, that he furnish a copy thereof.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is that resolution just
now being introduced?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to look
at it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator objects to its consideration to-day, and it
goes over under the rule.
ARMY SUBSISTENCE^ FURNISHED TO INDIANS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to inform the Senato what amount of subsistence
stores, and the value thereof, has been issued under
the orders of tho "War Department for the support of
Indiansin charge of the Indian bureau, and for which
payment has not been made to the War Department
by the Department of the Interior.
MILITARY TRANSPORTATION.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :  
Resolved, That the Secretary of War furnish to the
Senate a statement showing the comparative rates
now paid by the United States for the transportation
of troops and military stores to the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, to the Union Pacific Railroad
Company eastern division, and to the Chicago and
Korthwestern Railroad Company.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 854) to provide for payment for certain
losses and damages sustained by the Indians
upon the Siletz reservation, Oregon; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 355) authorizing the construction of a
bridge across the Missouri river upon the mil-
itary reservation at Fort Leavenworth, Kan-
sas ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 356) for the relief of Messrs. Gellatt and
Moore ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. YATES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
357) to provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Wyoming; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Territories, aDd ordered to be printed.
CENTRAL BRANCH PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the bill (S.
No. 256) relating to the Central Branch Union
Pacific Railroad Company be assigned for
consideration and made the special order of
the day for Tuesday next at two o'clock.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
must first be taken up before that motion can
be entertained.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up the
bill for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. SHERMAN.^ I trust the Senate will
not make any special orders, and especially
on a mere private bill for a private enterprise.
The other day, at the suggestion of the Senator
from Maine, I waived my motion to make a
special order of a public bill about which there
is difference of opinion but great anxiety for
some action. I trust, therefore, that the Sen-
ator will not press his proposition. I propose
oh Monday to move to take up the funding bill,
and I certainly should dislike to see a public
measure affecting the interests of the United
States displaced by a measure local in its char-
acter, affecting only the interests of one cor-
poration, proposing to grant a subsidy of
money. At any rate, this motion to make a
special order of a .private claim is a rather
unusual one, and I trust the Senate will not
adopt it. The Senator can, by watching his
opportunity, get this bill up. I certainly will
not delay action by the Senate on it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sena-
tor from Michigan whether he had not better
follow the example of the Senator from Ohio—
these special orders are very embarrassing—
and simply give notice that on a certain day he
will move to take up his bill ? I have no ob-
jection to its being taken up at the earliest
moment, but I have an objection to these
special orders, and the Senator is aware that
by a rule of the Senate it requires a two-thirds
vote to make any bill a special order.
Mr. HOWARD. I endeavored to get this
bill up yesterday morning in the morning hour,
ahd in that effort I encountered the opposition
of the honorable Senator from Ohio, who now
objects to its being made a special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not object to its
being taken up at any time; I have no objec-
tion to its being taken up.
Mr. HOWARD. As to the character of the
bill, it is by no means a private bill or a private
claim, as it has been denominated by the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio. It is a bill of great
importance both to the Government of the
country and to the company concerned, and
I have no doubt it will lead to considerable
discussion before it is finally disposed of in this
body. I will not, however, press it upon the
consideration of the Senate when I am likely
to encounter opposition, but must run my
chances; but I trust that the next time I call
it up I shall have the cordial assistance of the
Senator from Maine and also of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the1 Senator
that, as to-day is set apart for a privileged
question, I have no objection to the bill being
taken up to-morrow or next day. I shall vote
with the Senator to take up the bill so that it
may be acted upcra; but on Monday I trust the
Senate will give me an opportunity to be heard
on the bill I have mentioned.
The PRESIDENT pm tempore. _ Does the
.Senator from Michigan withdraw his motion ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
RAILROAD BRIDGES.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 296) to establish and declare the railroad
and bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile, and
Chattanooga Railroad Company, as hereafter
constructed, a post road, and for other pur-
poses. It is very important that this bill
should be acted upon at once, in order that the
company may proceed with the construction
of their road.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill, which proposes to empower
the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
Railroad Company to construct, build, and
maintain bridges over and across the naviga-
ble waters of the United States on the route
of its road between New Orleans and Mobile,
for the use of the company and the passage of
its engines, cars, and trains of cars, passengers,
mails, and merchandise thereon. The rail-
road and bridges, when constructed, completed,
and in use, in accordance with the act and the
laws of the several States through whose terri-
tory the same shall pass, are to be deemed,
recognized, and known as lawful structures
and a post road. But the company, in the
construction of its bridges over and across the
waters known as the East Pascagoula river, the
bay of Biloxi, and the bay of St. Louis, is to
construct and maintain draw-bridges in the
channels thereof, which, when open, shall give
a clear space for the passage of vessels of not
less than eighty feet in the channels of the East
Pascagoula, and of the bay of Biloxi, and of
the bay of St. Louis, and of not less-than one
hundred feet in the channel of the Great Rig-
olet; and the company is at all times to open
the draw-bridges, and provide reasonable facil-
ities for the passage of all vessels requiring the
same, except during and for ten minutes prior
to and after the time of the passage of the mail
and passenger trains of the company.
The Committee on Post Offices, and Post
Roads proposed to amend the bill by inserting
after the word "reasonable" in line twenty-
four the words "and necessary;" so as to
read, "shall provide reasonable and necessary
facilities for the passage of all vessels," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed to amend the bill
further by adding the following additional sec-
tion :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the right to
alter or amend this act, so as to prevent or remove
all material obstructions to the navigation of said
rivers, growing out of the construction of said bridges,
is hereby expressly reserved.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
JAMES CRUTCHETT.
Oh motion of Mr. HOWE, the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 101) referring the petition
and papers in the case of James Crutchett to
the Court of Claims was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to refer the petition and papers
in the case of the claim of James Crutchett to
the Court of Claims, and to confer on that
court jurisdiction so far as to adjust and adjudi-
cate the claim against the United States of
rent for the use and occupancy of claimant's
premises, situated on the corner of North Cap-
itol and D streets, in the city of Washington,
District of Columbia, known as the "Soldier's
Rest."
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, .ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
CONTRACTORS FOR VESSELS AND MACHINERY.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the bill (S. No.
30/) for the relief of certain Government con-
tractors was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury to pay to Seeor & Co. and Perrine', Seeor &
Co. the sum of $115,539 01; to Harrison Lor-
ring, $38,513; to the Atlantic Iron Works, of
Boston, Massachusetts, §4,852 58; to Aquilla
Adams, the sum of $4,852 58; to M. F. Merritt,
the sum of $4,852 48; to Tomlinson, Hartepee
&Co., $15,171, and to Poole & Hunt the sum of
§3.094 81, being the amount found to be due
each of the parties named by the Secretary of
the Navy under an act of Congress entitled
"An act for the relief of certain contractors
for the construction of vessels of war and
steam machinery," approved March 2, 1867.
Mr. GRIMES. In the fifteenth line after
the word ''dollars'' 1 move to insert "to
Harlan & Holliugsworth the sum of §38,513."
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have an
explanation of so large an amount.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senate will remember
that at the last session of Congress we had
before us a bill allowing about a million and
a half dollars to certain contractors for Gov-
ernment vessels constructed for the Govern-
ment by different individuals throughout the
United States during the war. The bill was
passed by this body and went to the House
of Representatives. It was there referred to
the Committee of Claims, and that committee,
instead of concurring with the Senate, re-
ported a proposition, which_ was adopted by
the House and concurred in finally by the
Senate, directing that the Secretary of the
Navy should investigate and determine as to
the amount that might be due to each of these
contractors upon certain principles announced
