2168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marefr Wt,
ment- It is henceforth true that the Legisla-
ture may invade the courts and stop the exer-
cise of judicial power in proper judicial cases,
hi other words, sir, the first principles of the
Government under which we live are trampled
under" foot by this law; The Constitution,
which we have sworn to support, is utterly dis-
regatded by this law. Every man must judge
for himself how that oath is to be performed,
but I lay the Constitution across the path the
majority are pursuing, and I remind them of
their oaths.
"If reason hath not fled from man to brutish
beasts," I would like to see these positions
either confessed or answered. Powers are dis-
tributed ; the judicial power (all of it) belongs
to the courts; jurisdiction in McCardle's case
had attached ; the court were advising on the
judgment to render; the Legislature claims to
take the case out of court, and thus, in effect,
to decide it against McCardle.
Mr. Speaker, this is not the only liberty we
have taken with the Supremo Court of the
United States. At this session we passed a
law which requires two thirds of the judges of
that court to unite in declaring any act of Con-
gress unconstitutional. - The Senate has not
passed that bill, and I trust it never will. I
took the liberty to express my repugnance to
it when it passed the House. I am glad the
Senate has refrained from passing it. Why?
Because it is a legislative interference with
judicial functions. That is my great objection
to that law as it is to this one.
I look upon any interference on the part of
Congress with the proper judicial tribunals not
only as a great indelicacy, but a most danger-
ous precedent. We have found it so in strip-
ping the Executive of his proper constitutional
duties. The tenure-of-office act and several
other laws which place the Executive in the
power of his subordinates have virtually de-
stroyed^ the executive power of this Govern-
ment. The legislation to which I have referred,
and this bill are acts directed at the judicial
department, and what do they portend and in-
timate? What are the people of the country to
understand from such legislation? Just this:
that the legislative department of the country is
determined to consolidate all the powers of the
Government into its own hands; determined
to consolidate this Government into a grand
legislative oligarchy, the country to be governed
by the Legislature, and the Legislature to be
governed by a caucus, and the caucus to be gov-
erned by, the Lord knows who ; for I do not
know who will succeed my venerable friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] as ruler of
this House when he shall depart. I hope he
will be a man as wise and good as he is.
Sir, if this legislation means anything it
means just this: that the President shall'not
exercise the constitutional functions of his
office, the judges shall not exercise the consti-
tutional powers vested in them, but the legis-
lative will shall be supreme; which I say is a
repeal of the Constitution of the United States
and a consolidation of all the political power
of this Government into the hands of a legisla-
tive oligarchy to be wielded I know not by
whom.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I ask the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wn.sox] to allow
me five or ten minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I yield live min-
utes.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Some of my
friends, Mr. Speaker, on this side of the House
have been anxious to disclaim any imputation
of negligence connected with the passage of
this bill. I start by making a confession of
default against myself, for I was in the HouSe
when the original bill, reported by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] was intro-
duced. I heard the bill read by the Clerk. I
listened to the explanation which the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means was
pleased to make, though the bill explained it-
self. I voted for the bill as it passed, and had
not the slightest suspicion that it contained hid-
den in its stomach the strange and extraordi-
nary amendment of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Wilson,] which now appears in the form
and garb of a second section in the bill. It
came in at what time, or by what art, manner,
or process, I do not pretend to say. I do
not pretend to know except as since advised
by the gentleman from Iowa. I. only know it
came in by some legislative prestidigitation—
not to use any stronger words—which I can
neither understand, admire, or respect.
However, I do not desire to make further
comment 011 the mode and means by which the
bill was passed, but hasten 011 to say a word
in reference to the character, intent, and pur-
pose of the bill. I do not agree with my learned
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wo'odwabd]—
though I have not studied the question, and
ought not, perhaps, to express dissent—that
this amendment will not reach the appeal in
the McCardle case. I think it will reach it
and sweep it out of existence. I think it will
not only reach that but every other case of a
like character either now pending or which may
hereafter arise, and it is for that reason I am
opposed to it. This bill, as it stands, is a kind
ot centaur, or, to use a coarser metaphor, a
Demerara team—a horse and a donkey yoked
together. The first section of the bill confers
the right to transfer all revenue cases to the
Supreme Court. This section is the original
bill as reported by the committee, and itis just
and right. It opens the door of the Supreme
Court to any tax-payer iu any part of the coun-
try whose property, even to the amount of a
farthing, is subjected to taxation in violation
of the Constitution or the laws of the United
States.
Look, now, at the second section of the bill.
This latter section relates to human liberty—to
that great writ of habeas corpus which is the
defense both of life and of liberty. Does this
section enlarge the remedy and strengthen the
deieuso? No, sir; just the contrary. It closes
the doors of the Supreme Court—just opened
for the tax-payer—upon every citizen who has
been despoiled of his liberty iu violation of the
Constitution and laws of the Republic, and
hands him over to his oppressor, to wear the
chain or rot in the dungeon.
Why, sir, if a man's horse, his ox, or his
ass is illegally distrained by the tax collector,
what remedy may he have under this law ? The
bill provides that for the purpose of recovering
even a dumb beast he may travel clear up to
the Sujjreme Court and lay his grievance on the
altar of justice and demand redress. Now, I
beg the House to notice that if, on the other
hand, a man's wife or children are torn from
him by violence, imprisoned, given over to
captivity in utter and admitted violation of the
laws and Constitution of the United States, he
cannot stir one step toward the Supreme Court.
The remedy in last resort is denied him; the
doors of the Supreme Court, which are wide
open to property suitors, to a question of an
ox or an ass, are shut on their hinges and barred
when the suit is for liberty, for wife, or children.
That, sir, in a word, and in plain language,
is the purpose and effect of this bill. Is there
not something marvelous about it? What is
the explanation ? Why has property bccome so
dear and human life and liberty so cheap? It
needs 110 sphynx to solve the riddle. The
problem is level to the meanest capacity. The
law of 1807, intended to be repealed, was passed,
as we all know, for the purpose of giving relief
to some Maryland negro apprentices; and
whenever a black man's liberty was thought to
be in danger it was deemed proper and just—
and I admit it was so—that the man, black,
poor, and ignorant though he might be, should
have free access to the supreme judicial tri-
bunal, to the end that if he was wrongfully re-
strained of his liberty he might find a just
deliverance by the law of the land, and there-
fore this bill was passed.
The law did its work for the black man.
Now, what has happened? Why, a white man
in Mississippi—not in a State where civil courts
are open and civil remedies free, but in a State
where the courts exercise their jurisdiction irffc
at all or under the edge of the sword—is seized
and imprisoned. For what? For exercising
the liberty of speech, the liberty of Writing, the
liberty of criticising a military despotism that
a Government calling itself free imposes on
the people of the South. Seized tad impris-
oned by whom? By an officer of the civil law?
Not at all. By an epauletted gentleman with
a sword at his side. And turned over to whom?
To a jury of his country? Not at all. To a mili-
tary commission "organized to convict." From
this drum-head conviction he has sought relief
• by the writ of habeas corpus, and has carried
his case, under a law of your own passing, to
the Supreme Court of the United States, a
court officered in the main by members of your
own party; and there, before that august tri-
bunal, unstirred by the passions of the hour,
he demands judgment upon your act in turn-
ing over four million free white men to the
despotism of sword and bayonet. And now
what do we behold? The doors of the Su-
preme Court, which, a little more than one
year ago, were thrown wide open to the whole
negro race, are slammed in the face of a white
man upon a question of liberty—liberty to-
day ; life, it may be, to-morrow; not his liberty
alone, but the liberty of every white citizen in
the Republic. Is this just? Is it honest ? Is
it manly ? Is it decent"? Do you intend to
hire pimps and spies to run round the country
and spy out the cases you are likely to lose and
then strip the court of jurisdiction? Do you
intend " to clip the wings of the court" because
the bird does not fly to suit you ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it
seems strange, after listening to the wails of the
gentlemen who have just addressed the House,
that the party to which they belong, and which
they claim has existed from the organization
of the Government down to the present time,
never discovered until now that it was import-
ant for the Supreme Court of the United States
to have appellate jurisdiction in such cases as
the one to which they have called our atten-
tion. This jurisdiction never was conferred on
that court until the 5th of February, 1867. By
whom conferred? By the Congress of the '
United States; and, if my memory does not mis-
lead me, conferred after no little opposition
made thereto by the members of the Demo-
cratic party on this floor. It was one of the meas-
ures adopted by the majority in Congress for
the purpose of reaching a particular end. And
what was tLat end ? It was to enable persons
held under the apprentice laws of some of the
former slave States to reach a determination of
their right to freedom in the Supreme Court in
opposition to the judgments of the local State
courts upholding or enforcing those laws by
which the people of those States were endeavor-
ing to defeat the emancipation -of the slaves of
this country. That "was the purpose and object
of the act to which the repeating section of the
present bill is applied. It was to reach eases
arising under certain State laws, to the end that
those laws might be removed out of the way of
the grand emancipation policy, then a part of
the Constitution ot the Government, which they
were obstructing. It was enacted in the in-
terests of liberty, and not to give immunity to
disturbers of the public peace.
The provision incorporated in the act of 1867
was as follows:
eou??nI?(iHn°r^A!H do?isio.n of any judge, justice, or
tn ■ -le clrcult court, an appeal may be
Wl 'lriCU ■ Turt of the United States for the
"I110!1 said cause was heard, and from the
oF&mt°edSltote^.&tc?OUrt t0 the Suprem6 C°Utfc
The very terms of the section show that it
was the intention of Congress to deal with a
particular class of cases and provide a remedy
for them cases originating in courts inferior
to the circuit court, and the McCardle case is
not one of them. But, upon what considera-
tions 1 know not, the Supreme Court, in my
judgment, misapprehended the intention of
the legislative department of the Government,
and attaehed jurisdiction to a class of eases
