4216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
upon taking the oath of ofiice prescribed by
the statute of July 2, 1862.
The report of the committee was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. As those gentlemen are now
present, I ask that the oath be administered
to them.
The following members-elect then presented
themselves and took the oath prescribed by the
act of J uly 2,1862, namely: J. Haj,e SYi'HEit, of
Louisiana; Jambs Mann, of Louisiana; Joseph
P. Newsham, of Louisiana; Michael Vidal,
of Louisiana; W. Jasper Bl,ackbuus, of Lou-
isiana ; B. F. Wiutiemore, of South Carolina ;
and James II. Goss, of South Carolina.
OIIDBH 01- BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. There is one more matter
of business that I wish to bring to the atten-
tion of the House. I refer to the contested-
election ease of McGrorty vs. Hooper, from
the Territory of Utah. Mo member of the
Committee of Elections desires to be heard
upon the case; but the contestant desires to
be heard briefly upon it, and then I propose
to call the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. All right.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 would suggest to the
gentleman to let that case go over until Mon-
day next, when our most important matters
of legislation will probably be before commit-
tees of conference.
Mr. DAWES. I have no desire to press it
upon the attention of the House to the dis-
placement of other business. But the Com-
mittee of Elections have reported adversely
upon the claim of the contestant, and they do
not desire to say a word upon it. I propose
to call up the case in behalf of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Chanlek,] who made
the report on behalf of the committee, but who
is necessarily absent from the House. He
made an arrangement with the contestant to
call up the case to-day, but he has been called
away, and has requested me to call it up.
However, I will not call up the case until Mon-
day, provided it be understood that I shall
have the right to call up this case, and also the
Missouri contested-election case of Hogan vs.
Pile.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] proposes, after the funding bill shall
have been disposed of, to call up the contested-
election case of Hogan vs. Pile; which would
not prevent the introduction of reports of com-
mittees of conference, several of which are
nearly ready to be reported to the House.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to call up
either case to-day, if I can have general con-
sent to call them up on Monday next.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. I now ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce for consideration at this
tinie a bill for the relief of Simon Corlay, a
Representative-elect from the State of South
Carolina, from political disabilities. I do not
think it will give rise to any debate.
Mr. MULLINS. I object. I expect to
debate that bill when it is introduced; such is
my intention.
Mr. SCHENCIC obtained the floor.
COJtHBCTION.
Mr. KERR. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me for a moment that I may
make an explanation in regard to a paragraph
in the Globe.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is not a "personal
explanation'.'1'
Mr. KERR. No, sir ; a mere correction.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then [ yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. KERR. I find that in the discussion
which took place yesterday on the funding bill
1 am reported as saying, referring to the taxa-
bility of greenbacks, "the statutes of the Uni-
ted States say so expressly.'' I simply desire
to say that 1 did not make that statement.
Some other gentleman made it, and my name
has accidentally been prefixed to it. ^ I he j
statement which I made follows immediately !
the remark I have just quoted, and is cor-
rectly reported.
MBSSAfl.EMOlI THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Goit-
ham, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution of the following
titles, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested :
Joint resolution (S. No. 1G4) for the res-
toration of Commander Aaron K. Hughes,
United States Navy, to the active list from the
retired list.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed House bills of the following
titles, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
An act (11. 11. No. lOlHi) making appro-
priations of money to carry into effect the
treaty with Russia, of March SO, 1867 ;
An act (11. R. No. 1311) making appropria-
tions and to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 80, 1808, and
for other purposes ; and
An act (II. R. No. 451) providing for the sale
of arsenal grounds at St. Louis and Liberty,
Missouri, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles •'
An act (II. 11. No. 1081) for the relief of
John A. Nenstaedter;
An act (II. 11. No. -485) to aid in the im-
provement of the Des Moines and Rock Island
rapids in the Mississippi river;
Joint resolution (II. It. No. 3:31) to grant
an American register to the Hawaiian brig
Victoria ;
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 338) exoner-
ating certain vessels of the United States from
the payment of tonnage fees to consular agents
in Canada;
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 341) for the
relief of 7*. M. Ilall; and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 326) for the
relief of Henry B. Ste. Marie.
tkml'okaky loan certificates.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the House to take
from the Speaker's table, by unanimous con-
sent, for reference to the Committee of Ways
Means, the bill (S. No. 543) to provide for a
further issue of temporary loan certificates for
the purpose of redeeming and retiring the
remainder of the outstanding compound-inter-
est notes.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to taking up
any bill out of its order.
tariff bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Moohheao,] who desires to
make a statement in reference to the tariff
bill.
Mr. MOORHEAl). Mr. Speaker, my usual
motion has been, whenever a suitable oppor-
tunity has been presented, that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the tariff bill. I do not propose to make
that motion now. Upon consultation with my
friends, and especially with the Committee of
Ways and Means, this morning, (though our
action was rather informal,) I have concluded
that at this late stage of the session it is not
best to press the tariff bill in antagonism to
other business before the House, as it appears
to me certain that this bill, if' passed through
the House, could not pass the Senate at this
session. Upon consultation within the last two
or three days with members of the Committee
on Finance of the Senate I have become sat-
isfied that if we should pass the bill here they
would not take it up and act upon it this ses-
sion. I therefore think it improper at this
stage of the session to press further the tariff
bill in antagonism with other business. While
the tariff men of the country have reason to
feel grateful to this House for the very strong
support tins measure has received wheneverwe
base hud a test vote, (the main test vo'tc being
84 ayes to 57 noes,) I feel willing that the bill
shall remain pending till the next meeting of
Congress. And I wish to ask the Speaker to
inform the House distinctly what position the
bill will occupy when we meet in December
next.
The SPEAKER. The tariff bill is now the
unfinished business in Committee of the Whole;
and when the House at the the next session of
Congress shall resume the consideration in
Committee of the Whole of the pending busi-
ness this bill will be the first business in order
unless it be set aside at that time by tbe vote
of a majority.
Mr. RANDALL. Do I understand my col-
league [ Mr. Moorhead] to make a motion to
postpone the consideration of the tariff bill ?
Mr. MOORHEAD. No, sir.
Mr. RANDALL. I give notice that if such
a motion be made I shall object to it.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The gentleman will
not have an opportunity to object, for I do not
intend to make the motion. 1 underatand from
the Speaker of the House that a motion to post-
pone the bill till next session or a motion to
make it a special order for a certain day would
not place it in any more favorable position than
it now occupies; and hence I am wrlling to
leave it just where it is. It will now be in such
a position that all the tariff men of the House
can prepare themselves to take it up at the
next session, framing in the mean time such
amendments as they may think desirable.
Mr. RANDALL. They were prepared eight
months ago.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I think it better that
the hill should occupy this position than that
it should be lying in the Senate without action.
I therefore give notice that I will not again at
this session undertake to call up this bill.
Mr. BROOKS. The tariff bill is dead.
BUSINESS OF EVENING SESSION.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to give notice
that when the House shall this afternoon come
out of Committee of the Whole on the funding
bill I shall move, if 1 can get the floor for that
purpose, that the session of this evening be set
apart for the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope that will be done.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope it
will not be done. I do not wish to have all
those Senate bills put through without any
reference or investigation.
1 Mr. SCHENCK. There is on the Speaker's
table a large number of Bills that should be
disposed of in some way, by reference or other-
wise.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, oflllinois. Under the
rules of the House, can business on the Speaker' s
table be reached until after the morning hour '!
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot decide
a point of order before it arises.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to move to go
into Committee of the Whole on the funding
bill, but I am willing to yield for ten or fifteen
minutes for the transaction of business that
may cause no division or debate.
DOORKEEPERS OF TIIE HOUSE.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Rcholued, That the Doorkeeper be instructed to
retain in his service during the vacation of Congress
au eripptcd soldiers now in his employ.
Mr. BROOMALL. I object unless it goes
to the Committee on Accounts.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not object to that.
The resolution was so referred.
KEJIKSION Ol? PENALTIES.
Mr. ALLISON, from the Committee of
W ays and Means, reported a bill (H. R. No.
14o(J) authorizing the remission of penalties in
certain cases \ which was read a first and
second time.
. ^ie kill was read. It provides that where
it shall appear to the collector of any district
within the United States, upon oath or other-
wise^ to his satisfaction that any instrument
m writing -,vas not duly stamped at the tirae of
