1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
m the bill. ' The Secretary of the Navy re?
ferred the subject to a board consisting 6f a
commodore in the Navy, an engineer, and a
paymaster. The subject haa beea heard by
this board, and they have reported that there
is justly due the sum-specified in the bill—about
two hundred thousand dollars, i® place of a mil-
lion and a half, as the bill passed by this body
provided. The Committee on Naval Affairs
have reported this bill in favor of the parties
who were found to be equitably entitled to.
relief by tire commission appointed by the
Secretary ofVthe Navy.
Mr. SHBRSfAN. I asked the Senator the
meaning of the amendment now offered.
Mr. GRIMES. By an oversight on nay part
in drawing the bill I left out the name of Har-
lan. & Hollingsworth.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that firm one of those
included in the award?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir: one of those in-
cluded in the original award, and my attention
*as called to it afterward.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, I ask the honorable mem-
ber if the claim of Poole k Hunt is included
in the bill?
Mr. GRIMES. They are included, I believe.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the bill.
The Secretary read the bill as amended.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator from Iowa
would state whether these sums are awarded as
moneys earned in pursuance of contracts, or
whether they are in addition to the contract
prices, or upon what principle this money is
awarded. I %m wholly unfamiliar with the
case.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not before me the
bill that was passed at the last session of Con-
gress directing the Secretary of the Navy to
ascertain and report on this subject; but this
finding has been made by the commissioners
appointed by the Secretary of the Navy upon
the basis of the law. It grows out to a con-
siderable extent, and I believe entirely, of
changes that were made in the construction of
these vessels and in the engines of these ves-
sels in obedience to the order of the Secretary
of the Navy. But I call the attention of Sen-
ators to Executive Document No. 3, which
contains'the report of the Secretary of the Navy
on this Subject. He was directed by the law
of the last session, approved on the 2d of March:
"To investigate the claims of all contractors for
building vessels of war and steam machinery for tho
same, under contracts made alter the 1st day of May,
1861, and prior to the 1st day of January, 1884,"and to
"report to Congress a tabular statement of each case,
which shall contain the name of the contractor, a
description of the work, the contract price, the whole
increased cost of the work over the contract price,
and the amount of such increased cost caused by tho
delay and action of the Government aforesaid, and
the amount already paid the contractor over and
above the contract price."
In conformity with that law the Secretary of
the Navv appointed Commodore J. B. Mar-
chand, Chief Engineer J. W. King, and Pay-
master Edward Foster to investigate the sub-
ject. Connected with this report is a tabular
statement, as required by the law, by which it
will be found that the increased cost of work
over the contract price, as claimed by the con-
tractors, is a very large sum, and there has
been paid to nearly all of these contractors a
certain amount of money, and a pretty large
amount of money over and above the contract
price; but this board have found that to the
particular contractors enumerated in this bill
there is still an amount due and which the
Government ought to pay. It is in conformity
with that report that this bill is presented.
Mr. HOWE. If I understand the Senator's
statement—and I wish to know whether I do or
- not—these moneys are awarded as compensa-
tion for extra work not included in the tor ins
of the contract. Is that so ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; I suppose so.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not understand
that this is an allowance technically for extra
work, but it is an allowance for losses occa-
sioned by the delays which the Government
caused, in the construction of the vessels ajid
in the change of the plans, as well as the extra-
work done. The Government interfered from
time to time and changed the plan of the work.
The contractors had to change feheir machin-
ery.' That delayed them. . All this time mate-
rials were going up. This is for the increased
cost occasioned by that aet. That was pro-
vided for by the resolution of last session aa
well as the additional work.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
of the Senator who has this bill in charge
whether this is the last of these claims and pro-
posed appropriations; in other words, whether
this is in full, so far as all these contractors are
concerned named in this table, heing those re-
ferred to in the bill, and a great many others?
Mr. GRIMES. That is a question that I,
cannot answer. I do not suppose that it is the
last. I never knew yet anybody who had a
claim against the Government who was satis-
fied with the award he got from the Govern-
ment, and who did not persist in having a large
one afterward. I presume the same'thing will
follow here that does in all other eases.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
again, if the Senator -will excuse me, what is
the amount that has been appropriated hereto-
fore?
Mr. GRIMES. By Congress?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. Nothing at all.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator mean
that none of these contractors have received
extra compensation until now?
Mr. GRIMES. I mean to say that they
have not by virtue of any act of Congress. No
law of Congress has been passed giving them
extra compensation ; but if the Senator will
refer to the table in his hands he will see that
extra compensation has been allowed them by
the Secretary of the Navy, and in some in-
stances to the same parties who are included
in this bill, and I do not know but to each one
of them.,
Mr. CONKLING. I do see, as far as the
moment in which I look at it enables me to
see, that a very large number, of extra allow-
ances have been made. The present bill ap-
propriates, if I am right in my computation,
about two hundred and twenty-five thousand
five hundred dollars. I suggest that it would
be well and satisfactory if we might know
before this is passed upon finally how much
has been paid heretofore, whether by the discre-
tion of the Department or under general-acts,
or by special appropriation, and also that we
might know how much there is behind, and, in
short, have a final accounting whenever a
bill is to be passed on this subject. I have no
wish, certainly, to interpose against whatever
may be right for the parties named here; but
it seems to me it would be well to know, at
least as to these parties, that we come to a final
accounting before anything is appropriated. It
would probably be more satisfactory to them
as well as safer. If this appropriation is made
there is a certain presumption arising that it is
to be accepted in full, which, if they have
an additional claim and a just claim, would
have a tendency to do injustice to them. If
that is not to be so, and their claims are to
be recognized hereafter, then I do not see
why we should not at once, with the whole
case before us, make an appropriation. I do
not wish to interfere with the bill, but I make
these remarks rather by way of suggestion to
the Senator from Iowa.
llr. GRIMES. I do not regard the sugges-
tions of the Senator fro in New York as any inter-
ference. In answer to his inquiries I will say
that Congress has not made any such appro-
_priation as he alludes to; that is, by no aet
of Congress has there been an extra amount
paid to these contractors. So far as the action
of the Senate is concerned, we did pass a bill
at the last session for that purpose, but it failed
to pass the House of Representatives. As to
the amount that has been paid by the Secretary
of the Navy, the Senator can inform himself
by reference to the table which I have put in his j
hands. As to the subsequent claims, of con-
tractors I know nothing except this, that each
one of the con tractors who rs not included in
this bill is already her<^ clamorous for a bill to
be passed allowing Sim to go before the Court
of Claims to show that'he is entitled to a com-
pensation that was not awarded by the Secre-
tary of the Navy or by the board that the Sec-
retary of the Navy appointed and who have
awarded the amounts to the parties named ia
this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will par'
don me one moment, what is the distinction
between the allowances which the Secretary
has made, or which he has caused to be made,
for extra work, done under the direction of the
Department or for variation in the work caused
by him," and the class of compensation covered
by this bill?
Mr. GRIMES. There «is no difference^, I
suppose, in the character of the work. This
bill is intended to cover some labor that- v/as
performed for the Government which was not
paid for by the Secretary of the Navy, and out
of §2,600,000 of1 claims that were presented
before this board, the board have awarded about
two hundred thousand dollars. The Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs thought that the best way
to dispose of the question was to pay this
$200,000, and thus, if they could, get rid of
the whole subject.
Mr. HENDERSON. How will that do it?
Mr. GRIMES. It will so far as we are con-
cerned, and so far as these particular contract-
ors are concerned. These people present an
equitable case. A board of our own creation
among the highest officers of the Navy have
taken the statements of the Navy Department
and of these contractors, and after examining
them thoroughly have decided that of these
$2,500,000 of claims that have been presented
before them, there are §200,000 that ought to
bo paid.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to ask
the Senator if a previous board did not report
$2,225,000?
Mr. GRIMES. The previous board simply
took the statements of the contractors as sub-
mitted without going into the subject thor-
oughly, as I understand. This board have
taken the statements made by the contractors
as well as the statements made by the Navy
Department, and have thoroughly analyzed the
whole thing, sifted it down, and furnished us
with a tabular statement, showing the amount
of the original contract, the amount that in
their opinion the labor was enhanced by the
action of Congress or the action of the Depart-
ment, the amount that has been paid by the
Department for this enhanced price, and in
these particular cases the amount that they
believe still to be due to the contractors.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the resolution of the
Senator from Maryland for the admission of
his colleague to a seat in the Senate is befor©
the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call it up, then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is before
the Senate by the rule on the expiration of th.8
morning hour.
MESSAGE FKOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution (H.
11. No, 203) reducing the expenses of the War
Department, and for other purposes, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
SENATOR FItOM MARYLAND.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Johs-
sox on the 18th of December, lt>67:
ItewhcJ, That Hon. Philip F. Thomas, Senator-
elect trt>m Maryland, be admitted to hi.} seat on hi3
taking the oaths prescribed by the Constitution and
laws of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to strike out all
atter the word "resolved1- in the resolution,
and to insert what I send to the Chair.
