1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1145
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. Theamend-
mcnt will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the. resolution after the
word "resolved," and *in lieu of the words
stiick.cn out to insert the following:
That Philip P. Thomas, Senator-elect from Mary-
land, ca.nriot be admitted to take the oaths of office
required by the Constitution .and laws, inasmuch as
he allowed his minor son to leave the paternal house
aud servo as a rebel soldier, and gave him at the
time $100 in money, all of which was aid, counte-
nance, or- encouragement to the rebellion, which he
was forbidden to give; and further, inasmuch as in
forbearing to disclose and make known the treason
of his son to the President or other proper authori-
ties, according to tho requirement of the statute in
such cases, he was guilty of misprision of treason as
defined by existing law.
l\Ir. SUMNER. A great debate on the
question how loyalty shall be secured in the
rebel States is for the time silenced in order to
consider how loyalty shall be secured in this
Chamber. Everywhere in the rebel States
disloyal persons are struggling for power; and
now at the door of the Senate we witness a sim-
ilar struggle. If disloyalty cannot be shut out
of this Chamber, how can we hope to over-
come it elsewhere?
More than once at other times I have dis-
cussed the question of loyalty in the Senate.
But this was anterior to the adoption of the
fourteenth constitutional amendment. The case
is plainer now than then, inasmuch as there is
now an explicit text requiring loyalty as a
"qualification." Formerly we were left to
something in the nature of inference ; now the
requirement is plain as language can make it.
By the new amendment it i's provided that
" Ho person shall be a Senator or Representa-
tive in Congress who, having previously taken an
oath as a member of Congress, or as an officer
of the United States, to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States, shall have engaged
in insurrection or.rebellion against the same,
or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof."
These words are precisely applicable to the
present case. They lay down a rule from which
there is no appeal; and this rule is not merely
in the statutes but in the Constitution. It is
the plain declaration that loyalty is a require-
ment in a Senator and Representative. If we do
not apply it to ourselves now it is difficult to
see with what consistency we can apply it to
others. Your course here will affect the mean-
ing of this constitutional amendment, if not its
validity for the future.
I do not stop to argue the question, if that
amendment is now a part of the Constitution;
for I would not unnecessarily occupy your time,
nor direct attention from the case which you
are to decide. For the present I content my-
self with two remarks: first, the amendment
has already been adopted by three fourths of
the States that took part in proposing it, and
this is enough, for the spirit of the Constitu-
tion is thus satisfied; and, secondly, it has
already been adopted by 1' the Legislatures of
three fourths of the several States" which have
Legislatures, thug complying with the letter of
the Constitution. Therefore by the spirit of
the Constitution, and also by its letter, this
amendment is now a part of the Constitution,
binding on all of us. As such I invoke its
application to this case. In face of this posi-
tive peremptory requirement it is impossible to
see how loyalty can be other than a "qualifi-
cation. '' In denying it you practically set aside
this amendment.
But even without this amendment, I cannot
doubt that the original text is sufficiently clear
and explicit. It is nowhere said in the Con-
stitution that certain specified requirements
and none others shall be "qualifications" of
Senators. This word "qualifications," which
plays such a part in this case, occurs in another
connection, where it is provided that "each
House shall be the judge of the elections, re-
turns and qualifications of its own members."
What these "qualifications" may be is to be
found elsewhere. Searching the Constitution
from beginning to end, we find three "qualifi-
cations," which come under the head of form,,
being (1) age, (2) citizenship, and (3) inhabit-
ancy in th.e State. Bat behind and above these
is another "qualification," which is of sub-
stance, in contradiction to form only. So
supreme is this, that it is placed under the safe-
guard* of an oath. This is loyalty. It is easy
to see how infinitely more important 'is this
than either of the others—than age, than citi-
zenship or, than inhabitancy in the State. A
Senator failing in either of these would be in-
competent by the leister of the Constitution;
but the Republic might not suffer from his
presence. On the other hand a Senator failing
in loyalty is a public enemy, whose presence in
this council Chamber would be a certain peril
to the- Republic.
It is vain to say that loyalty is not declared
to be a "qualification." I deny it. Loyalty
is made a " qualification" in the amendment to
the Constitution; and then again in the ori-
ginal text, when in the most solemn way possi-
ble, it is distinguished and guarded by an oath.
Men are familiarly said to " qualify" when they
take the oath of office, and thus the language
of common life furnishes an authentic inter-
pretation of the Constitution.
But no man cau be allowed to take the oath
as Senator, when, on the evidence before the
Senate, he is not competent-. If it appear that
he is not of sufficient age, or of the required
citizenship or inhabitancy, he cannot be allowed
to go to that desk. Especially, if it appear
that he fails in the all-important "qualifica-
tion" of loyalty, he cannot be allowed to to go
that desk. A false oath, taken with our knowl-
edge, would compromise the Senate. We who
consent will become parties to the falsehood.
We shall be parties in the offense. It is futile
to say that the oath is one of purgation only,
and that it is for him who takes it to determine
on his conscience if he can take it. The Sen-
ate cannot forget the evidence; nor can its
responsibility in the case be swallowed up in
any process of individual purgation. On the
evidence we must act and judge accordingly.
The "open sesame" of this Chamber must be
something more than the oath of a suspected
applicant.
According to Lord Coke " an infidel cannot
be sworn,'' as a witness. This was an early
rule which has since been softened in our courts.
Bat under the Constitution of the United States
and existing statutes a 1 'political infidel cannot
be sworn," as a Senator. Whatever may be
his inclination or motive he must not be al-
lowed to approach your desk. The country has
a right to expect that all who enter here shall
have a sure and well-founded loyalty, above all
question or "suspicion." And such I insist
is the rule of the Constitution and of Congress.
As if to place the question beyond all doubt,
Congress by positive enactment, requires that
every Senator, before admission to his seat,
shall swear that he has " voluntarily given no
aid, countenance, counsel, or encouragement to
persons engaged in armed hostility" to the
United States. Here is little more than an
interpretation of the Constitution. The con-
clusion is plain. No person who has volunta-
rilygiven even "countenance" or "encour-
agement '' to another engaged in the rebellion
can be allowed to take that oath.
After this statement of the rule, the question
arises, if Philip F. Thomas can be permitted
to take the oath at your desk, or, in other words,
to '' qualify " as a Senator of the United States.
Is he competent? This is a question of evidence.
The ample discussion of the facts in this
ease, and their singular plainness, supersede
the necessity of all details. The atmosphere
rfbout Mr. Thomas and his acts are harmoni-
ous. From the beginning we find him envel-
oped in coldness and indifference while his
country was in peril. But, observing him more
closely, we are shocked by two acts of posi-
tive disloyalty, one of which is the natural pre-
lude of the other. The first muttering of the
rebellion found liim a member of the Cabinet
of Mr. Buchanan; but when this uncertain
President proposed the succor of our troops
at Charleston, already menaced with war, Mr.
Thomas withdrew from the patriotic Service.
Heresignedhisseat, following tho lead of Cobb,
Thompson, and Floyd. A man is known by
the company he keeps. His company at this
time were traitors. And the act they united in
doing was essentially disloyal. As th© rebel-
lion assumed the front of war they all aban-
doned their posts—some to join the rebellion
and mingle with its armies ; Mr. Thomas more
prudently to watch the course of events in
Maryland, ready to lift his arm also if his State
pronounced the word. This concerted deser-
tion was in itself a conspiracy against the Gov-
ernment; and, in the case of Mr. Thomas, who
was Secretary of the Treasary, it* was a blow
at the national credit, which it was his special
duty to guard. It was an a<ct of disloyalty to
be blasted by indignant history, even if your
judgment fails now. And this was the first
stage in this record.
Meanwhile the war ragesi Armies are mar-
shaled. Battles ensue. Washington itself is
beleaguered. The Republic trembles with peril.
But Mr. Thomas continues in the seclusion
of his home, enveloped in the same disloyal
atmosphere, and refusing always the oath of
allegiance. At last in 1863 an only son ar-
rives at the age of eighteen. Though still a
minor he is already of the military age. Natu-
rally filled with the sentiments of his father's
fireside, he seeks to maintain them by military
service. He is like his father, but with tho
ardor of youth instead of the caution of years.
He avows his purpose to enlist in the rebel
army, thus to levy war against his country, and
adhere to its enemies. All this was treason—-
plain, palpable, unquestionable, downright trea-
son. Instead of detaining his son; instead of
keeping him back ; instead of interposing a pa-
ternal veto ; instead of laying hands gently upon
him; instead of denouncing him to the magis-
trate, all of which the father might have done,
he deliberately lets him go, and then, to cap the
climax of criminal complicity, furnishes the
means for his journey ana his equipment. He
gives $100. The father is not rich, and yet he
gives this considerable sum. Few soldiers
started with such ample allowance. Thus it
stands. The father who has already deserted his
post in the Cabinet and has refused to take the
oath of allegiance to his country contributes a
soldier to the rebellion, and that soldier is his
only son. To complete and assure the great
contribution, he contributes a sum of money
also. If all this accumulated disloyalty, be-
ginning in a total renunciation of every patri-
otic duty, and finally consummated by an act
of flagrant, unblushing enormity is not "aid and
comfort" or '•countenance" or "encourage-
ment" to the rebellion, it is diffieultto say what
can be. There must be new dictionaries for
these familiar words, and they must receive a
definition down to this day unknown. They
must be treated as thread or gossamer, when
they should be links of iron.
On an occasion like the present, where the
moral guilt is so patent, I hesitate to employ
technical language. The simplest phrase is
the best. But the law supplies language of its
own. Regarding the act of Mr. Thomas in the
mildest light, it was "misprision of treason,"
according to every definition of that crime
which can be found in the books. Lord Hale,
whose authority, in stating the rules of crimi-
nal law, is of the highest character, says, under
this head: "Everyman is bound to use all
possible lawful means to prevent a felony, as
well as to take the felon;_ and, if lie doth not
he is liable to fine and imprisonment." (Hale s
Pleas of the Crown, volume I, page 4SI.)
Lord Coke, another eminent authority, says,
"if any be present when a man is slam and
omit to apprehend the slayer it Is a mispris-
ion. " (3 Institutes, page 130.) Ihe same rule
is, of course, applicable to treason. Mr.
Bishop, who in his remarkable work on Crim-
inal Law has compressed the result of all the
authorities, says: "Misprision of treason is
the same as treason." (Volume I, section
