1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3193
moment. I wish to state the position of the jj that one half of the total circulation of the
t 'ii If  14  f i r\ «-i 1 O 1 /VUl AAA 11 Ivj-  i £i f 1
bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw the motion
for the present.
Mr. SHERMAN.' I will not detain the Sen-
ate iiHire than a lew moments. This bill con-
tains two clauses which excitc some interest.
The first section prohibiting the payment of
. interest on bank balances 1 consider important,
ami I desire a vote on it. Then this section as
amended prohibits any increase of banking cir-
culation, but provides for a withdrawal of the
$20,000,000, the issue of which we propose to
authorize by withdrawing it from three or four
New England States. I do not think the sec-
tion as it now stands is so framed that it can
be executed promptly, but when I saw what
was the sense of the Senate, that this increase
should be withdrawn from those States having
a surplus, I carefully drew a section which the
Senator from Kentucky is satisfied to receive
as a substitute for his proposition, which will
carry out easily and perfectly what is now the
deliberate judgment of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us hear it read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask that it be read
as part of my remarks; but perhaps i had better
read it myself, as it is my own handwriting.
It is to strike out the whole of the fifth section
as it stands and to insert:
Tina to secure a better distribution of the national
banking currency there may be issued circulating
notes to banking associations organized in the States
and Territories having less national banking circu-
lation than five dollars per inhabitant; butthe
amount ot such circulation shall not exceed $20,-
000.000; and the circulation herein authorized shall
within one year be withdrawn pro rata from banks
oigamzcd in States and Terruories having a cir-
culation exceeding that provided by the act ap-
proved March 3, 1865, entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act to provide a national cur-
rency, secured by a pledge ol United States bonds,
ann to piovide lor the circulation and redemption
thereof" to ascertain which the Comptroller of the
Currency shall make astatementshowing the amount
ot circulation to be returned by each ot such banks,
anil shab make a requisition tor such amount upon
such bank ; and upon failure of such bauk to return
the amount so required within the year aforesaid, it
shall be the duty of the Comptroller of the Currency
to sell at public auction in New York an amount ol
bonds deposited by said bank as seeunty lor their
circulation equal to the circulation tobe withdrawn
from such bank, and with the proceeds to redeem so
much of the notes of such bank as may come into
the Treasury as will equal the amount, required from
them.
I was glad to see a disposition on the part
ie Senators representing States that have
of th _ __
an excess of circulation to allow a withdrawal
of a small percentage of their circulation in
order to supply the States that have so little.
Some Senators may not understand the pres-
sure of public feeling in some of the States on
this subject; but I assure the Senate now that
for us to adjourn without making some provis-
ion to equaiize the banking circulation of the
country, especially in States that have none,
will be a cause of widespread and general di3*
satisfaction. I know there is a feeling in the
Senate against the increase of paper money,
and 1 reciprocate that, and I am glad to see
that Senators from New England States, most
of whom would be affected by this provision,
are willing to surrender a small portion ot their
excess ot circulation to comply with this
demand for $20,000,000.
If this amendment is adopted it will provide
a way by which within a year the States having
no banking circulation now will have a local .
circulation of their own, and it will be with- j
drawn from the others by slow and gradual ;
process, so as not to disturb the business of j
the country. 1 am rather glad, on the whole, j
that the Senate have come to this conclusion, j
The Committee on Finance did not feel safe in j
reporting to the Senate a proposition to take ,
from hanks already legally organized a portion j
of their local circulation. j
Mr. FESSEMDEN. I ask the Senator ,
whether his amendment as arawn provides lor j
taking first from those States which are most j
largely in excess. There are some States that
are very largely in excess ot what they are j
entitled to, and others that have only a single (
excels. . i
Mr. SHERMAN. The law now requires •
national banks, $1-50,000,000, shall be distrib-
uted according to propulation, and the other
! halt' according to business, resources, &c.,
| somewhat upon the idea advanced by the Sen-
1 ator from West Virginia. The first duty of
| the Comptroller of the Currency under this
; section will be to make this distribution,
i According to the law referred to in the section,
one half will be divided according to popula-
tion, and the other half according to business,
resources, &c., which will be ascertained, no
doubt, from the census or from other authority.
The result will be, 1 think, that New York,
which has enormous commercial and other
resources, will be found not to have more than
its proportion, or very little more. The only
States, so far as I know, that will be affected
by it, will be Massachusetts, Rhode Island,
Connecticut, possibly Maryland, and perhaps
Vermont; but I cannot say certainly until the
apportionment is made. I do not think more
than six or seven States will be required to fur-
nish the excess. Maine has twelve dollars of
circulation per inhabitant. It has more than its
proportion if the whole $300,000,000 were
based on population ; but when it is based on
resources in part, Maine probably would be
entitled to a fraction above what she would
have if the whole were distributed upon popu-
lation alone.
At any rate, this would carry into execution to
the extent of $20,000,000 the in caning and intent
and purpose of the law requiring a distribution
of bank circulation. If the Senate is willing
to take this the Senator from Kentucky author-
izes me to offer it as a substitute. I take it as
the judgment of the Senate; this, I believe,
will be effective. I would be very glad to have
the bill passed in this way, although I would
have preferred to issue the §20,000.000 without
disturbing any bank organization in the States.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, 1 desire
to ask the Senator from Ohio a question._ He
anticipates, 1 suppose, a motion to lay this bill
on the table. 1 desire, before 1 am required
to vote on that motion, to understand^whether
he intends to persist in the passage of the first
section of this bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no authority, rep-
resenting the Committee on Finance, to waive
| any section of the bill; but 1 do not want to
' debate the first section, and coming with them
to have a vote at once on it. If a majority of
menced yet. The first section will lead to a
longer discussion than has yet occurred upon
the bill; and the result of that discussion, in
my judgment, will he to strike out that section.
But this last section, which is the only portion
of the bill that commends itself to my mind, is
a fallacy even under the proposition of the
Senator from Kentucky. It amounts to noth-
ing. It is not a tub to the whale ; it is not a
herring to a school of sharks. It is mere bal-
last. 1 therefore, to avoid three or four days'
discussion on this bill, which certainly must fol-
low, renew my motion to lay the whole subject
on the table ; it is, in my judgment, utterly use-
less to go on with it; and on that motion i ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays being taken resulted—
yeas 21, nays 22 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony.Bayard, Buckalew, Cam-
eron. Chandl er, Con khng, Conness. Corben.lktilntio,
Ferry, Harlan, Hendricks, Howe, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Spragu6, Stewart, Trumbull, Vickers, Wil-
liams, and Yates—21.
NAYS—Messrs. (Jattell. Cole, Cragin, Davis. Fes-
senden, Henderson, MeCreery, Morgan, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pat-
terson ol Tennessee, Pomeroy, ltoss, Sherman, Sum-
ner, Thaver, Tipton, Van Winkle, Wade, Wiliey, and
Wilson—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bison, Drake, Edmunds, l ow-
ler, Jb'relinghuysen, Giimes, Howard, Johnson, Nor-
ton, .Ramsey, and Saulsbury—11.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the commit-
tee as amended—the fifth section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will now offer my amend-
ment, or 1 can do it in the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to strike out the
first section ; and on that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CHANDLER. I stated yesterday that
when that lirst section came up 1 was prepared
to discuss it. That first section, as I stated, is
perfectly atrocious. It proposes to prohibit
any national bank in the three large cities,
where all the national banks throughout the
United States are compelled to keep their
balances, from paying interest on those bal-
ances, even although they may desire thus to
pay interest. Nowr, sir, there is not a national
bank, I presume, in the whole United States
that is not compelled to keep a deposit in some
one of these three largo cities, and generally
they are compelled to keep^ a large deposit
: there. Take country banks with $100,000 cap-
ital ; and nine out of ten of them, as is shown
lo nave a- vutc uu uutc vn iw x«. <•« ^ i --- 7, . , T 1 • 1 1
the Senate are for it, 1 want it in the bill. The || by the statement which I have on my desk,
■ - • , i. have a deposit of one hundred thousand dol-
lars or upward. The redemptions are ail
made by drafts upon the city of New York or
upon the citv of Boston or the city of Phila-
delphia. I asked the cashier of the largest
bank in the city of Detroit, a few days before
1 left home, what amount of redemptions had
been called for in the four years the bank had
been in existence; and he told me that one
single ten-dollar bill was every redemption he
had made in the four years.
He had not been called upon except for that
one ten-dollar bill. All the banks must redeem
by drafts upon New York or upon these large
Slates. Your law compels them to redeem
there. The demand for redemption is upon
those cities. The banks requite even in specie-
paying times §1,000 in drafts on New \ork
where they redeem one single dollar of their
notes in coin. The ratio is not too highly
stated when I say that they require $1,000 in
drafts on New York when they are paying co-n,
to one dollar redemption at their counter.
Then again, sir, throughout the Northwest
the entire business of our banks almost, is by
exchange on eastern cities. _A man goes out
to buy a thousand head of cattle, a million
bushels of wheat, a million feet of lumber, a
thousand tons of copper, or whatever else lie
goes out to buy: he goes prepared to draw
upon the great, cities; he frill draw perhaps at
first section, in m> judgment, is exceedingly
important for the safety of the system : but 1
want the Senate to pass upon it. I do not
intend to debate that section.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Sometime ago a ques-
tion was taken upon considering this bill after
a debate upon that first section, and the Sena-
tor from Ohio stated that he would regard that
as a test vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that section?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes. sir.
Mr. SHE RMAN. But I will say to the Sen-
ator that several Senators who voted to lay the
bill over on that occasion came and told me
that t.hev voted to postpone it not with a
desire to'defeat the bill, but to satisfy the wish
of' the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cam-
eron.] who wanted further time to look into it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It was understood that
would dispose of the bill, at least so far as the
important question involved in the first section
was concerned. I, among others, agreed after-
ward informally to take up this bill and have
it considered ; and the object was that the
other parts of the bill might be passed ; it was
said that the other sections were important,
were necessary to perfect the banking system ;
but I had no idea when participating^ in the
movement to get this bill up again that we
were to have the first section pressed for adop-
tion. If the Senator does not inform us that
he is willing to waiy.
vote with the Senator from Michigan to lay the j
bill on the table; if not, I will vote against him. j
Mr. CHANDLER. It is perfectly evident
that the discussion of this bill is hardly com- i
glrtib blllCO) iJV • C I"
e thaUirst section, I shall i: thirty or sixty days ; those.IberT
counted, and funds naturally accumulate "iere.
A bank with a capital of $1,000,000 ... the
West will nine times out ol teni have a
! or more on deposit. Here is their- $>l,00t ,000
