1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21 m
which it was never intended should be included
within the provisions of that act, and that, as
a gentleman near me remarks, was not, in fact,
included in its provisions. Finding, sir, that
such use was being made of the act of 1807,
this House passed ail amendment to the bill
now pending repealing thejurisdictional clause
of the act of 1867. Now, sir, have we violated
any power vested in theCongress of the United
States? Does the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Woodward] say that we have exceeded
our power ? Does the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Hubbard] say that we have ex-
ceeded our power? No, sir; for they both
tell us that the effect of this bill, if it shall be-
come a law, will be to deprive the Supreme
Court of jurisdiction in the McCardle case.
They admit our power to pass it, and inform
us in advance that the constitutionality ot the
act will be maintained by the Supreme Court;
for if it be not constitutional the Supreme
Court will so pronounce and retain jurisdic-
tion in the McCardle case; but this is just
what those gentlemen toil us will not be done,
and they thereby admit away the entire force
of the objections urged against this bill. We
are exercising an undoubted power under the
Constitution of the United States. Who shall
judge as to how the power is to be exercised?
Am I to submit my judgment to the learned
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward?] Is he to direct my discretion when I
am called upon to vote on any given bill in
this House? Am I to be directed by the learned
gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Hubbard?]
Will lie claim this prerogative, in addition to
bis assumed right to lecture us for what we
liave done? If neither of them has the power
to direct my discretion, if no one else has that
power, who then must direct it? I mustdo so,
and each member of the House must direct his
own discretion, follow his own judgment, re-
gardless of the censures of others. Acting
upon this rule of conduct, the majority of this
House adopted the amendment of which so
much complaint has been made and passed
the bill, livery step taken and act done in
that regard were within our legitimate power
■ and for the purpose of correcting an abuse of
an act of Congress" arising from what we regard
as a misinterpretation of it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. For a moment;
yes, sir.
Mr. BLDRIDGB. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Iowa to a fact< in
the case which it seems to me he is neglecting
in his argument, either designedly or from in-
advertence. The gentleman says that the act
which the bill now under consideration is in-
tended to repeal was originally passed to give
to the Supreme Court jurisdiction in cases
where courts inferior to the circuit courts had
given wrong decisions with reference to the im-
prisonment or wrongful detention of appren-
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
misapprehends my statement.
Mr. ELDRIDUE. I think the gentleman
and myself will not differ as to the facts when
[ have fully stated my question. The gentle-
man says the object of the repealing bill now
under consideration is to correct an abuse of
the act of 1867 by the Supreme Court. Now,
I desire to propound this interrogatory to the
gentleman from Iowa :
If it is important that the rights of an appren-
tice, wrongfully restrained in his liberty, should
be Considered and determined by the highest
judicial tribunal of the land, is it not equally
important—and if this bill does not provide for
it ought we not to provide for it in justice to
ourselves and for the purpose of protecting the
rights of our citizens—is it not equally import-
ant and our duty to provide that, where the
circuit courts of the United States decide in-
correctly in reference to the rights of the white
citizen, they may be reviewed by the highest
- tribunal? Ought not that right and jurisdic-
tion to be conferred', if it be not conferred by
the act of 1867? And will the gentleman in-
sist that we ought to repeal that act because
of fear or a suspicion that the Supreme Court
may exercise the jurisdiction with reference to
a white citizen which the gentleman concedes
it was the purpose of the original act to give
the Supreme Court in reference to a black
child or apprentice?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If, when the act
of February 5, 1807, was pending in this House,
the gentleman made any noise about it or urged
its passage, it has entirely escaped my mem-
ory. My impression is. however, that the gen-
tleman was just as much opposed to the pas-
sage of that bill then as he is now to the repeal
of that particular clause of it which the second
section of this bill will repeal.
But I will answer the question of the gentle-
man. I did not turn my explanation of the
reason for the enactment of the law of Feb-
ruary 5, 1867, upon the mere wrongs of black
persons or of white persons, but upon the
higher ground of reaching, through the remedy
provided, certain State laws that were being
enforced by the courts of several of the States in
opposition to the emancipation policy adopted
by the Government of the United States. It
was for the purpose of removing from the free-
men of the nation, because of their repugnancy
to the Constitution and laws of the United
States, these engines of wrong and of oppres-
sion called "apprentice laws" in the States to
which I have referred. Now, sir, that end
hasbeen accomplished. After it is over we
find 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him another question?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. A questiou; yes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman from
Iowa feels it safe, right, and just to submit those
rights to the Supreme Court, why docs he hesi-
tate, why does he fear to trust the rights of
McCardle to the decision of the Supreme Court;
and why would he take away the jurisdiction
of the Supreme Court in that case, if he feels
that his black wards are safe in the hands of
this terrible Supreme Court? Why not trust
the court in the one case as well as the other?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I am
not urging the passage of this bill over the
President's veto because I believe the Supreme
Court has jurisdiction in that case under the
law as it now stands, but because by miscon-
struction of it, as I believe, they assume juris-
diction, and, therefore, it is necessary to cor-
rect that assumption in this particular way.
Now, the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Hubbard] referred to McCardle as languishing
in a dungeon. He has not been in a dungeon
at all. He has been out on bail all the time,
and only §1,000 in amount at that. He was
deliberately, purposely, persistently defying the
laws of the United States passed for the better
government of the rebel States, and stirring up
sedition <in the State of Mississippi, and ex-
citing the people to revolt. Fox* this he was
arrested, yet the Government has treated him
so kindly that he has not been placed in prison.
We are remanding him to the same remedy
that he and all other persons in like cases had
provided for them by the Democratic party
from the passage of the judiciary act of 1789
down to the passage of the act of the 5th of
February, 1807. Why did not that party, which
opposes this bill to-day, provide this remedy m
the days of its power if it is so necessary for
the protection of the rights and liberties of the
people? .
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will answer the gentle-
man if he will permit, me.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Go on.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The reason is that m the
days of our power there were never such wrongs
inflicted upon white citizens as in the days of
your power you have inflicted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, dur-
ing the time when the gentleman's party held
the reins of Government, they were not very
careful of the rights of the people. Ihey did
everything in their power to direct every ele-
ment and energy of every department of tie
Government to hold in slavery four million
people and to rivet that accursed system on the
descendants of the helpless slaves. More than
this did they do. After the Government had
been taken from their hands and freedom was
conferred upon these four million, the party
for whom the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Ei.dridgb] speaks to-day sought, by resorting
to the use of the power of several State gov-
ernments, m defiance of the will of the nation,
to practically continue that system and con-
dition of slavery in some of the States; and
yet he comes here to-day and lectures us for
being unmindful of the liberties of one man,
and he a violator of law and a disturber of the
public peacc. The gentleman and his party
were not mindful of the rights of white men
when the South Carolina branch of the party
refused protection to acitizen representing one
of the great States when, by authority of his
State and in the name of all. the white people
of the Commonwealth, he sought to appear in
a South Carolina court, in strict conformity to
law, to defend the Constitution and laws of the
nation, and to protect from oppression and out-
rage the citizens of Massachusetts. It was liis
right to be there as a citizen, and doubly was
it his right when, as an agent of the State which
sent him, he was there to obey its commands
in strict accordance with the laws of the land.
He was there for the purpose of resorting to
one of the remedies provided by law for the
identical wrong of which his State complained.
But his rights and those of his State were dis-
regarded, and under threats of personal vio-
lence he was compelled to abandon his mis-
sion. The party which resists us to-day did
the work, nor has it repented of it. Let not
lectures on the rights of a citizen come to us
from such a source.
Now, when all men are free through the
action of the political organization represented
011 this side of the House, gentlemen come
in here and lecture us when we propose, in
the interest of good government, to do no
more than to permit the same remedies to
operate with reference to habeas corpus which
operated during all the days of their politi-
cal power. What remedy do we present? Is
it not the same that preceded the passage of
the act of 1867? We do not interfere with
that remedy? Not in the least. We leave
the old remedy in full and complete force,
and only aim to avert a great wrong from
resulting from a misuse ot this McCardle
case and other similar cases for political pur-
poses. I hope such use will not be made of
it, but we have just grounds upon which to
rest fears, and should, therefore, be all the
more cautious and guard against the happen-
ing of so great a wrong.
Mr. ELDIIIDGE. Let me ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I yield for a ques-
tion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
whether the real purpose, if he will allow him-
self frankly to avow it, is not to prevent the
decision of the Supreme Court that the recon-
struction bills which you have passed are them-
selves in violation of the Constitution.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It may have en-
tered into the considerations presented to my
mind to endeavor to prevent any court, and
especially the Supremo Court of the United
States, from usurping a power, if there is any
intention in the minds of any of the judges to
do it, which has been denied to them by the
Constitution of the United States, which de-
nial has been recognized by decisions of that
•court from the earliest times. This is a pro-
tection to the court quite as much as it is an
assertion of a rightful power of Congress.
Mr. WOODWARD and Mr. HUBBARD,
of Connecticut, rose. .
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. How much time
have I left? , 0
The SPEAKER. Two minutes ?
