112
SUPPLEMENT TO
Answer. No, sir ; the whole speech is there
in complete form.
Question. You say that, beside the revision
of the speech which you made on the Sunday
following its delivery, you made a revision a
year ago ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. For what reason and upon what
occasion ?
Answer. As I said, it was owing to my hav-
ing been summoned before the Committee on
the New Orleans lliot.
Question. A committee of Congress?
Answer. Yes, sir..
Question. At Washington ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. When was that?
, Answer. I should say a little over a year
ago. I cannot "fix the date precisely.
Question. Were you then inquired of in
regard to that speech?
Answer. I was.
Question. And did you produce it then to
that committee ?
Answer. I did.
Question. Were you examined before any
other committee than that ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Was your testimony reduced to
■writing?
Answer. I believe so.
Question. And signed by you?
Answer. No, sir; not signed.
Mr. EVAlli'S. We suppose, if the court
please, tl\at this report is within the compe-
tency of proof.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Was your testimony published?
The Witness. The testimony I gave last
winter?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Yes, sir; before
the New Orleans riot committee.
Answer. I am not aware whether it was or
not.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Will the Secre-
tary have the kindness to read this speech ?
  The Chief Clerk read as follows, from the
Missouri Democrat of Monday, September 10,
1801.:
Speech of President Johnuon.
Being set down nt the Southern, a largo crowd col-
lected m Ywilnut street, and calicd loudly Jor the
President. He answered then summon! by the fol-
lowing address:
Fellow Uiiizons of St. Louis: In being introduced
to you to-nigbt it is not loi the purpose ol making a
speech. It i.- true I am proud to meet so many of
my fellow hero on tliia occasion, and under
the favoi able circumstances that I do. [Cry, "how
about Butish subjects/'J We will attend to John
Bull alter a while to far as that , is coneerncd.
^Laughter and loud cheers.J I have just stated that
I was not here lor the purpose of making a speech,
but after being introduced simply to tender my cor-
dial thanks lor the welcome joii have given 1110 in
your midst. 1A voice: "Ten thousand wclcomcs;"
hurrahs and cheers.] Xhankyou.sir. I wish itwas in
my power to address you under favorable circum-
stances upon some of the questions that agitate and
distract the public mind at this time. Questions that
have grown out of a liery ordeal we have just passed
through and which 1 think as important as those wo
'have just passed by. Tuc time has come when it
seems to me thatall ought to be prepared lor peace—
the rebellion being suppressed, and the shedding of
blood being stopped, the sacnlieo of life being sus-
pended and stayed, it seems that the time has ar-
rived when we should have peace; when tho bleeding
arrcties should be tied up [A voice: " JSIew Orleans;"
" (io on."J
Perhaps if you had a word or two on the subject
ol l\ew Oileans, joa might understand more about
it th,m you do. [ Laughter and eheeis.J And if you
will go back LOnca lor SewardJ—it you will go back
and ascertain llic cause of the liot at New Orleans,
perhaps you would not be so prompt in calling out
New Orleans. If you will take up the not at Now
Orleans, and trace it back to its source, or to its mime
dia te cau.-c, you will find out who was responsible
for the blood that was shed thero.
If you will take up the riot at New Oilcans, and
trace it back to the .Radical Congress [great cheer-
ing, and eiics ot " bully,"j you will find that the not
at New Orleans was substantially planned—if you
will lake up the proceedings in their caucuses you
will understand that they there know [cheers] that a
convention was to be called which was extinct, by
its powers having expired; that it was said, and the
intention was that a new government was to be
organized; and in the oiganization of that govern-
ment tho intention was to enfranchise one portion
of the population called the colored population, who
had just been emancipated, and at tlie same time
disfranchise white men. [Great Cheering.] When
you begin to talk about New Orleans [confusion]
you ought to understand what you are talking about.
When you read the speeches that were made or
take up the facts—on Friday and Saturday before
that Convention sat—you will there find thatspeechea
wero made incendiary in their character, exciting
that portion of the population, the black popula-
tion, to arm themselves and prepare for the shed-
ding of blood, i A Voice: "Thais sol" and checrs].
You will also find that that Convention did assem-
ble in violation of law, and the intent of that Con-
vention was to supersede the recognized authorities
in tho State government of Louisiana, which had
been recognized by the Government ot the United
States, and every man engaged in that rebellion—in
that Convention, with the intention of superseding
and up turning the Civil Government which had
been recognized by the Government of the United
States—I say that he was a traitor to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, [cheers,] and hence you
find that another rebellion was commenced, having
its origin in the Radical Congress. These men were
to go there; a government was to be oiganized, and
the one in existence in Louisiana was to be super-
seded, set aside and overthrown. You talk to me
about New Orleans I And then the question was to
corno up, when they had established their govern-
ment—a question of political power—which of the
two governments was to be recognized—a new gov-
ernment inaugurated under tins defunct Conven-
tion—set up in violation of law and without the
consent of the people. And then when they had
established their government, and extended univer-
sal or impartial franchise as they called it to this
colored population, then this Radical Congress was
to determinethatagovernmcntestablishedon negro
votes was to be the government ot Louisiana.
[Voices—"Never," and. checrs and "Hurrah for
^So^much for the New Orleans riot—and there was
the cause and the origin of the blood that was shed,
and every drop of blood that was shed is upon their
skirts, and they are responsible for it. [Cheers]. I
could trace this thing a little closer but I will not
do it here to-night. But when you talk about New
Orleans, and talk about thecauses and conseciuenccs
that resulted from proceedings of tho-t kind, perhaps,
as I have been introduced here, and you have pio-
voked questions of this kind, though itdon't provoke
me, I will tell you a few wholesome things that has
been done by this Radical Congress. [Cheers].
In connection with New Orleans and the extension
of tho Elective franchise, I know that I have been
traduced and abused. X know it has come in advance
of mo here, as it has elsewhere, and that X have
attempted to exercise an arbitrary power in resist-
ing laws that icas intended to be enforced on tho
Government. [Cheers and cries of "hear "J.
Yes, that I had exercised the veto power, ["bully
for you,"J that I had abandoned the power that
elected me, and that X was a t-r-ai-tor [cheers] be-
causo I cxercised the veto power in attempting to,
and did airest for a time, a bill that was called a
freedmcn's bureau bill. [Cheers.] Yes that I was a
t-r-ai-t-o-r I And I have been traduced, I have been
slandered, I have been maligned, I have been called
Judas,—Judas Iscaiiot.and all that. Now, my coun-
trymen hero to-night, it is very casv to indulge in
epithets, it is very easy to call a man Judas, and cry
out t-r-ai-tor, but when ho is called upon to give
arguments 6c tacts, ho is very often iound wanting.
Jxtdoas, Judas hcariot, Judaas! There was a Judas
oncc, one of tho twelve apostles. Oh I yes, and these
twelve apostles had a Christ, [a voice, "And a
Moses, too." Great laughter.] The twelve apostles
had a Christ, and ho could not have had a Judas un-
less he had had twelve apostles. If I have played
tho Judas, who has been my Christ that I have played
tho Judas with? Was it Thad. Stevens? Was it
Wendell Phillips? Was it Charles Sumner? i Hisses
and cheers.] Are these the men that set up and com-
pare themselves with the Saviour of men, and every-
body that differs with them in opinion, and try to
stay & arrest their diabolical and nefarious policy
is to bodcnounecdas a Judas. ["Hurrah tor Andy,"
and checrs. I
In the days when there ware twelve apostles, and
when there waro a Christ, while there ware Judasos,
there ware unbelievers, too. Y-a-s; while thero wore
Judascs there ware unbelievers. [Voices—"hear/'
"Three groans for Fletcher."] Yes, oh! yes! unbe-
lievers in Christ; men who persecuted and slandered
and brought him beiore Pontius Pilateand preferred
charges and condemned and put him to death on
the cross, to satisfy unbelievers. And this same per-
secuting, diabolical and ncfai ious clan to-day would
persecute and shed the blood of innocent men to
carry out their purposes. [CaccrsJ But let me tell
you—lot me give you a few woids here to-night—and
but a short time since I hoard some one say in the
wowd that wo had a Moses. [Laughter and chceisj.
Yes, thero was a Moses. And i know sometimes it.
has been said that have said that I would be the
Moses ot thecoloied man. ["Never,'' and cheers.J
Why, I have labored as much 111 the cause of eman-
cipation as any other mortal man living. But while
I ha; e strivedto emancipate the colored man, I have
felt, and now feci, that wo have a great many whito
; men that wantemancipation. [Laughtcrandchcers.]
! There is a set amongst you that have gotshaeklcs on
their limbs, and are as much under the heel and con-
trol of their masters as the colored man that was
emancipated. LCiiecrsJ
I call upon you hero to-night as freemen—as men
who favor the emancipation of the whiteman asweli
as the colored ones, i have been in favor of eman-
cipation, I have nothing to disguise about that—I
have tried to do as much, and have done as much,
and when they talk about Moses and the colored man
being led into the promised land, where is the land
that thi? clan proposes to load thorn? [Cheers]
When we talk about taking them out from among
the white population and sending them to other
climes, what is it they propose? Why, n is to g:vo
us a Freedmen's Bureau. And ai'tei giving us a
frcedmen's bureau, what then? Why, here in the
South it is not necessary for me to talk toyou, whore
I have lived and you have lived, and understand tho
whole system, and how itoperatcs; we knowhow tho
slaves have been worked heretofore. Ttieir original
owners bought the land and raised the negroes, or
purchased them, as the case might be; paid all the
expenses of carrying on the farm, and, in tho end.
after producing tobacco, cotton, hemp and flax, and
all the various products of the South, bringing them
into the market without any profit to them, while
these owners put it all into their own pockets. This
was their condition before the emancipation. Tins
was their condition before we about their "Moses."
[Cheers and laughter] . ■
Now what is the plan? I ask your attention.
Come, as we have got to talking on this subjcct, give
me your attention for a few minutes. I am address-
ing myself to your brains, and not to your prejudices;
to your reason and not to your passions. And when
reason and argument again resume their empire, this
mist, this prejudice that has been incrusted upon the
public mind must give way and reason become tri-
umphant. [Cheers] Now, my countrymcn, lot mo
call your attention to a single fact, the Freedmen's
Bureau. [Laughter and hisses] .Yes; slavery was
an accursed institution till emancipation took place.
It was an accursed institution while one set ot men
worked them and got tho profits. But after emanci-
pation took placo they gave us tho Frcedmen's
Bureau. They gave us these agents to go into every
county, every township, and into every school-dis-
trict throughout the United States, and especially
tho Southern States. They gave us commissioners.
They gave us $12,000,000 and placed the power in the
hands of tho Lxccutive, who was to work this ma-
chinery, with the army brought to itsaid, and to sus-
tain it. Then let us run it, on the $12,000,001) as a
beginning, and, in the end, receive £50,000,000 or
$60,000,000, as the case may be, and lotus work tho
4,000,000 of slaves. In fine, the Freedmen's Bureau
was a simple proposition to transfer 4,GOO,OUO of
slaves in the United States from, their ougmal
ownerstoanewsetoftaskuiasteis. [Voice; "Never,"
and cheers] I have been laboring four years to
emancipate them; and then I was opposed to seeing
them transferred to a new set of taskmasters, to be
worked with more ligoi than they had been hereto-
fore. [Cheers] Yes, under this new system they
would work the slaves, and call oil the Government
to bear all tho expense, and if there was any profits
left, why they would pocket iliem, [laughter and
cheers,] while you, the people, must pay tho expense
of running the machino out of your pockets, while
they got the profits of it. So much for this ques-
tion.
I simply intended to-night to tender you my sin-
ceie thanks. But as I go along, as we are talking
about this Congress and these respected gentlemen,
who contend that the President is wrong, because
he vetoed the Freedmen's Bureau bill, and all this;
because lie chose to exorcise tho veto power, he
committed a high offense, and therefore ought to
be impeached, [voice, "never."] Y-a-s, y-a-8,
they are ready to impeach lnm. [voice, "let them
tiy it."] And if they were satisfied they had tho
next Congress, by as decided a majority as this, upon
some pretext or other—violating the Constitution—
neglect of duty, or omitting to enforce some act of
law, upon some pretext or other, they would vacate
thoExecutivo Department of the United States. [A
voice, "too bad they don't impeach hiiii."] Wha-t?
As we talk about this Congress, let mo cad the sol-
diers' attention to this immaculate Congress. Let
me call your attention. Oh! this Congiess, that
could make war upon the Executive because ho
stands upon the Constitution and vindicates the
rights of tho people, exercising the veto power in
their behalf—because he dared to do this, they can
clamor, and talk about impeachment. And by way
of elevating themselves and increasing confidence
with tho soldiers, throughout the country, they talk
about impeachments.
So far as tho Fenians aro concerned; upou this
subjcct of Fenians, let me ask you very plainly hero
to-night, to go back into my history of legislation,
and even when Governor ot a State—let me ask it
thero is a man here to-night, who, in the dark days
of Know-nothinidsm, stood and sacrificed more for
their rights? [Voice, "good," andcheers.j
It has been my peculiar misfortune always to have
!; fierce opposition, because I have always struck my
j I blowsdiieet, and fought with right mid the Const ita-
i| tion on my side. [Cheers.j Yes, I will come bacK
j I to the soldieis again m a moment. Yes, here was
'' neutrality law. I was sworn to support the Con^ti-
turn and see that that law was faithfully executed,
i And because it was executed, then they raised
; | a clamor & tried to make an appeal to the loxeigners;
and especially the Fenians. And what did they do ?
C They introduced a bill to ticklc and play with tno
faiie>, pretending to repeal the law, and at tho same
i' tunc making itworseand thenleitthelaw jivstwhero
j! it is. [Voicc—"That's so.]—They knew that when-
'• ever a law was presented to me, properm its pro vis-
it ions, ameliorating and softening tho rigors of the
'! present law that it, would meet my hearty approba-
tion but as they were pretty well broken down and
losing public confidence, at the heels of the session
they found they must do something. And hence,
what did they do ? Tlicy pretended to do something
for the soldiers. Who has done morefor thesoldiors
than I have? Who has peiiled more in this struggle
than I have? [Cheers] But then, to make therd
their peculiar friends and favorites of the soldiers,
they came forward with a proposition to do what?
Why, we will givo tho soldier §50 bounty—$50 bounty—
