4218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July IB,
hereafter there shall be a tax of five per cent,
upon any profits, gains, or income arising
from bonds." It does not say that the present
income tax, with its exemptions and excep-
tions and deductions, shall be applied to the
interest on bonds, but it levies a tax of five per
cent., which will be in addition to and inde-
pendent of the income tax. There is not a
word about $1,000 being exempted from the
tax^ as there is in the income law. The prop-
osition as it stands reported by the Committee
on Ways and Means is simply a mode of more
•certainly collectingthe income tax by retaining
it at the Treasury, where the citizen will have
a right to the exemption if his whole income
from all sources is less than $1,000. But if
the amendment shall be adopted there will be
no exemption whatever, because this tax is
levied, not by virtue of the general law
which has the exemptions in it, but by virtue
of this clause, which levies the tax directly
■without deduction or exemption or limitation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow
fne a single question.
Mr. garkield. i win.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is there
any exemption in the tax on bank shares, or
in the tax on railroad bonds and canal bonds,
let me ask?
Mr. GARFIELD. Suppose there is not.
What of it? The gentleman has confessed by
his question all that I charged upon him. 1
charged that this which he proposed was not
to be in lieu of the income tax, but was to be
itself an independent and additional tax, which
he at first denied as a misstatement. Now he
rises and asks whether I object to it as unjust
or not. I was not arguing the justice or injus-
tice of the proposition, but was only arguing
that the gentleman was attempting to impose
an independent tax and get it adopted under
cover of the income tax. I hope his amend-
ment will not be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.
Mr. PIKE. I move a substitute for the sec-
tion reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means, which I send up to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
And be it further enacted, Xliat hereafter a tax of
five per cent. on incomes arising irom bonds and
other inUrest-bearmgsecuriticsot the United States,
except those authoiixed by this act, payable to any
person, State, municipality, body politic or corpo-
rate, company or society, whether corporate or not
■corporate, out of the Treasury of the United States,
shall be assessed and collected by the Treasurer or
other disbursing officers of tiic United States charged
with paying any interest upon the debt of the United
States, in the same cunency in which said interest
is paid; and said collection .shall be made by deduc-
tion of tho amount of the tax from tho coupons or
interest due at the time of payment of such interest:
Provided, That the sum so deducted from tho inter-
•est or coupons of any person having a yearly income
of less than 000 shall be refunded to such person
in accordance with rules and regulations to be made
by the Secretary of the Treasury : And provided jxir-
ther. That this shall be in full for all income tax
arising out of said public securities.
Mr. PIKE. The proposition I have made
is in exact accordance with the English tax,
•as claimed* by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] who disagreed with the remarks of
mine published in the Globe of the 2Gth of
June last. It is more favorable to the holders
■of public securities than to the holders of rail-
road bonds. But it is a provision similar to
the English provision in their present law,
although I admit that the provision of the
former English income law provided that from
the interest when it should be paid shall be
deducted the income tax ; and then if any per-
son having an income less than the prescribed
amount shall claim to lie refunded, upon sub-
stantiating that fact, may be refunded. My
proposition is in the interest of the holders of
bonds in small quantities. It provides that
this lax shall be in full of the ordinary income
Tax; so that it obviates tho objection just made
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gaufield.]
1 offer this amendment because it is in the
direct line with the arguments that I have been
malting in relation to the taxation of these
bonds. xUihough it is in conflict with the
report made by the Committee of Ways and
Means the other day, in which it was said that
no civilized country ever had such a tax as
this, and that it would be a gross outrage to
have any such tax; still, as the committee
have introduced this section, I have only
changed it in the particulars I have men-
tioned.
I hope my amendment will be adopted and
received as a peace offering amid the contend-
ing elements here, so that we shall no longer
have the question mooted in this country of
the propriety of the entire practical exemption
of some of the best property in the country, at
a time when taxation bears so heavily upon the
community generally.
Mr. SCHENCK. The questions now pre-
sented are, first the amendment of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butleii] to the
section originally reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means as an amendment to the
bill of the Senate, and then the substitute for
that section proposed by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Pike.] Now, it is highly proper
that the House should know precisely what
questions are involved in the propositions re-
spectfully submitted to them. Ther# is one
decided difference between the propositions
submitted by the Committee of Ways and Means
and the propositions submitted by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts and the gentleman
from Maine; and that is in relation to the per-
son to whom the tax will extend. With-
out discussing now the propriety or impropriety
of taxing foreign holders of the securities of
the United States, persons not citizens of the
United States, it is my duty to let tho House
understand that those persons will not be sub-
ject to this tax under the provisions of the sec-
tion submitted by the Committee of Ways and
Means, but will be subject to the tax, with all
other bondholders, under each of the other
propositions. Iwillexplain. Theamendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, instead
of providing that "hereafter the tax on any
income arising from the bonds and other inter-
est-bearing securities shall be five per cent.,"
provides that " hereafter there shall be assessed
a tax of five per cent, on incomes arising from
bonds," &c. Well, sir, there is now a tax of
five per cent, on all incomes arising from bonds,
except so far as foreigners are concerned.
Some gentlemen perhaps have not adverted to
the language of our tax law.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. 1
would like to ask the gentleman a question.
When he says there is now a tax on bonds
does lie mean a tax on all bonds, or only where
the income is over $1,000?
Mr, SCHENCK. I mean to say there is a
tax subject to the exemption applying in all
other cases of incomes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. There
could be no exemption under your section.
Mr. SCHENCK. The present law provides
that " there shall be levied, collected, and paid
annually upon the gains, profits, and incomc
of every person residing in the United States,
or of any citizen of the United States residing
abroad, whether derived from any kind of
property, rent, interest, dividend, or salary, or
from any profession, trade, employment, or
vocation carried on in the United States or
elsewhere, or from any other source whatever,
a tax of five per cent, on the amount so de-
rived over $1,000," >fcc.; subject, of course,
to the exemptions specified in other provisions.
The differences between the propositions of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Buti.mi]
and the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] and
that of the Committee of _Ways and Means
must, I think, be manifest. It is for the
House to decide whether tho five per cent, shall
be deducted from the coupon or from the
amount of tho interest whenever paid without
regard to the question whether that coupon
belongs to a foreigner or not.
I admit that while we adhere to the general
provision of law taxing only our own citizens,
whether residing at home or abroad, upon
their incomes^ there does arise a practical
difficulty in reference to these coupons if for-
eigners are to be exempted, because there is a
great deal to be apprehended in the w-ay of
possibility that every coupon presented under
such a law would be claimed to belong to a
foreigner. Mj[ purpose in rising was to give
exact information as to the differences between
the propositions now pending. My colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison,] was, I think, inadvertent in
conceding that there was not in the proposi-
tion of the committee this distinction as to the
taxation of foreigners.
Mr. ALLISON. I had not examined the
provision to which the gentleman has now
called attention, and I was mistaken as to its
effect. I do not think the present, section will
apply to foreigners.
Mr. SCHENCK. I say, therefore, that
although there may be, perhaps, an implied
violation of this principle in the taxation of
railroad stocks and other similar interests, yet
certainly the general policy of our legislation
in regard to tax bills is not to attempt to tax
any persons except our own citizens, although
wo assert the right to tax them whether they
reside in this country or abroad.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move to amend the amendment by striking out
"five" and inserting "one." I think an ex-
amination of the section proposed by the com-
mittee will show that while it purports to tax
Government, bonds just as they are taxed at
the present time, it is in fact materially differ-
ent from tho provision of the existing law. The
present law in imposing an income tax secures
to each individual an exemption to the extent
of §1,000 of income. Now, I ask whether it
is advisable for us in our legislation to make a
discrimination against Government securities
by providing that every individual who may
have $100 or $500 invested in Government
securities shall pay a tax of five per cent, on
the income from those securities, though his
total income maybe no more than $100 a year.
If a man has his money invested in Govern-
ment securities, the committee propose that he
shall be taxed without regard to his income,
wliile^ if his money is invested in any other
securities he enjoys an exemption to the amount
of $1,000. _
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me every person
in the House will see when a coupon is pre-
sented to the Treasury it is not known whether
it belongs to a man who has an income of §100
or §100,000. Pive per cent is deducted. The
coupons are sent through the different banks
and paid by the Treasury through them. There
is no way in which the Treasurers in the differ-
ent sections of the country can distinguish
between those which belong to the man with a
large income and those which belong to the
poor man. The practical result will be that
the man who has only a fifty-dollar bond will
be taxed five per cent., when that may be allhe
has, while another who has an income of $09^
will escape taxation. Is thi3 House prepared
to take this position? It seems to me the sec-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means is
subject to this objection. I hope, therefore,
tho section will not pass.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, if I under-
stand correctly the proposition it is to dis-
criminate against the public creditors of the
f!te<TTS-ates an(i subiect a11 holders of bonds
ot the United States to taxation without exemp-
tions. I trust the House of Representatives,
it it has any purpose at all to legislate in aid
ot the credit of the United States, will not adopt
an_y legislation which discriminates against the
public credit.
I desire to say farther, Mr. Chairman, that,
the past legislation, so far as I am advised,
wnicn has been made necessary by reason of
this rebellion, has discriminated all the while
m iavor of the poor and in favor of the pro-
ducers of this country. I have heard some-
thing said here about equal taxation. These
gentlemen use the term, I suppose, in its gen-
eral signification which will put a like tax upon
propexty, real, personal, or mixed, by whom-
soever held within our jurisdiction. There has
