i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1147
or encouragement to persons engaged in armed
hostility thereto." Under this clause it is in-
sisted that Mr. Thomas cannot properly take
the oath. The other clauses of the oath it is
unnecessary to read, because there is no pre-
tense that Mr. Thomas comes within any of
them; and if he cannot properly take the oath,
it is because he cannot swear that he has not
voluntarily given aid, countenance, counsel,
or encouragement to persons engaged in armed
hostility to-the United States. Whether he
has done so is a question of fact; and there
are two allegations against Mr. Thomas. One
is in regard to his course as Secretary of the
Treasury for about thirty days in the winter of
1860-61, before the rebellion had broken out
in armed hostility, before a gun had been fired,
or rather that he resigned his position as Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and resigned under
such circumstances that his resignation is
construed by some into an act giving aid and
comfort to persons engaged in armed hostility
to the United States. It perhaps would be a
sufficient reply to this allegatio® to say that at
that time no persons were engaged in armed
hostility to the United States. He resigned
early in January, 1861. I think the attack
upon Port Sumter, when the first guns were
fired, was in April of that year.
But,_ sir, the testimony before the Judiciary
Committee and the uncontradicted testimony
is that he discharged his duties as Secretary
of the Treasury faithfully to the United States.
When he took possession of the Treasury De-
partment, about the middle of December,
1860, our financial condition was very bad.
Mr. Cobb, his predecessor, had done, as I
t'hink, what he could to bring the credit of the
United States into disrepute. Mr. Thomas
came in just at the time when Congress passed
an act for the purpose of borrowing money to
pay the interest which would become due on
the 1st of January, 1861; and he took the very
earliest steps possible to advertise under the
law which was passed for a loan ; he succeeded
in making that loan, and the interest due on
the 1st of January, 1861, was paid, about which
the country at that time had great apprehen-
sion. There was great alarm in the public
mind at that time lest the Government should
fail to meet its interest, and thereby its credit
be seriously impaired. Some twelve days
afterward he resigned this position. Not hav-
ing the confidence of the moneyed men of the
country, as appears by the testimony, he ten-
dered his resignation, giving, also, as a reason
that he could not agree with'the President in
the course he was proposing to take in regard
to the collection of the revenue at Charleston—
a very unpatriotic reason, if you please ; but
was it giving aid and comfort to persons en-
gaged in armed hostility to the United States ?
1 do not see how it can be so construed; and
it was a question about which he had a right
to entertain his opinions. The course proposed
to be pursued by Mr. Buchanan, who was at
that time President of the United States, may
not have been the best. Very few of us indorse
many of the measures which were adopted by
the then Administration. I think myself that
the whole war could have been avoided if the
then President of the United States had done
his duty to the country.
So much, sir, for the first objection to Mr.
Thomas; now a few words as to the other. It
is said that he gave aid and comfort to the
rebellion by allowing his son to join the rebel
army in 1863, and particularly by giving him
S100 in money. We are to judge the case on
the testimony ; by that we are to be governed.
We had this young man .before the Judiciary
Committee ; we saw and heard him testify, and
the impression which he made upon me was
that his father was exceedingly anxious to pre-
vent his going into the rebel army. I think it
is fair to say, on the testimony of this young man
' —and I believe he told the truth, for he did not
seem to keep anything back—that his father
was anxious that he should not go and join the
rebel army, and that he tried to persuade him
not to go; gave various reasons why he ought
not to go; not such reasons, if you please, ...
the Senator from Massachusetts would have
given; not the patriotic reasons which I wish
had actuated him; but he did not think he had
a right to go, Maryland being one of the ad-
hering States; he advised him not to go.. The
young man made up his mind to go, was determ-
ined to go, and on the morning when he was
about to leave his father gave him §100. It
is said that that was voluntarily giving aid,
countenance, counsel, or encouragement to per-
sons engaged in armed hostility. He did not
give counsel that way, for he advised against
it. He did not encourage him to go, because
he tried to prevail upon him not to go. Such
is the testimony. He did not give countenance
to it, unless the giving of this $100 was giving
countenance to it; nor did he give aid, unless
the giving of the $100 was aid. Now, was it
given for any such purpose? No one can read
the testimony, and certainly no one could have
listened to the testimony, and believe for one
moment that the money was voluntarily given
as aid and countenance to the rebellion. You
contradict the whole testimony to come to any
such conclusion. The boy swears differently.
The whole transaction shows that that is not
the truth. It was the feeling of a father, the
parental feeling that drew forth that $100 from
Mr._ Thomas's pocket. Can anybody read the
testimony and believe that if this young man
had not been bound to Mr. Thomas by the
closest of ties he would have given this $100?
Did he give $100 to anybody else to join the
rebellion ? The testimony shows that he coun-
seled and advised other young men not to go
into the rebellion. Is there any evidence that
he ever gave a dollar, that he ever gave a cent
to any person who was going into it? It is too
remote and too far-fetched, in my opinion, to
say that this was giving voluntary aid and com-
fort to the rebellion because he gave his son
$100. You might as well say that if years
before he had refused to provide for that son,
refused to furnish him food and clothing, the
boy might have died of starvation and then he
never would have gone into the rebel army!
When the father fed him and clothed him from
childhood up he did it because he was his son,
because he was bound by the ties of nature and
the affections of a father to feed and clothe him;
and shall it be said that because he did this he
did it voluntarily for the purpose of aiding and
abetting a rebellion and preparing that son
to go into rebellion against the Government?
Why, sir, this $100 was all gone long before
he reached the rebel lines. He did not fur-
nish the son with any very considerable amount
of money. He did not furnish any money with
a'view of aiding him to enter the rebel lines, in
my judgment; that is the impression the testi-
mony makes upon me.
Now, a crime cannot be committed without
a joint operation of act and intention. The
intention is a necessary ingredient to constitute
the crime. With what intention was this $100
furnished? Why, sir, sitting here as we do
upon oath, sitting as a juror in the jury-box,
I could never find by my vcrdict that this §100
was voluntarily given this son for the purpose
of aiding the rebellion. Then if it was not,
how has he given aid and comfort to the re-
bellion ? That is all there is in the case. It will
not do to say that because we nurtured and sup-
ported those who afterward went into rebel-
lion we did the act with that view. You might
as well say that all of us gave aid and comfort
to the rebellion when we voted an appropria-
tion to educate at West Point young men who
afterward went into the rebellion. We did not
do it with any such purpose; we voted the
money to educate them there and prepare them
for war, and when we got them prepared some
of them joined the enemies of the country.
But it is said that the father knew that this
young man intended to join the rebels. Well,
sir, he did. He knew that that was his inten-
tion, that he meant to go; and I think the
father ought to have restrained him and used
all the means he possibly could to restrain
him. I do not approve of his not doing more
than he did to restrain him, though I think he
did try to some extent to restrain him; but we
are not competent, I think, to judge as to the
extent of patriotism which a man should be
required to exhibit under such circumstances.
A good many men all through the North did
not do what they ought to have done, in my
opinion, to jjut down this wicked rebellion;
did not contribute of their substance; did not
make all the personal effort they should have
made; did not do all they could to suppress
the rebellion. Many of them remained quiet,
as did Mr. Thomas,, and did nothing to aid the
country. I cannot commend that course ; but
does that bring him within this law. Men,
more or less, from all our States went into
rebellion. We may have known or suspected
that certain persons were going into the rebel-
lion. Mr. President, men from your State were
in the rebel armies; men from my State were
in the rebel armies; the sons of men who fought
on the Union side from my State were in
the rebel armies. This was a great civil war,
and families were even divided, some taking
the one side and some taking the other; and
the fathers who remained true to the Union
cannot be held responsible for the fact that
some of their children, against their will, may
have gone into the rebel army; nor can they
be held responsible nor charged with having
given aid and comfort to the enemy because
they nurtured and supported children who did
go into the rebel ranks.
I place this case, then, Mr. President, so far
as I am concerned—I shall not elaborate it,
because the ground has all been gone over
before—upon the fact that there is no satisfac-
tory evidence to my mind that Mr. Thomas
voluntarily gave aid and comfort to the enemy,
that he intended to do any such thing. I think
such an inference cannot fairly be drawn from
the testimony; and something is due, I think,
to the previous action of Congress in such
cases. I quite agree with the Senator from
Massachusetts that where the Senate is satis-
fied that the applicant for a seat cannot truth-
fully take the oath he ought not to be permit-
ted to take it; but what have we seen? In the
other House there sits a gentleman by, I be-
lieve, almost the unanimous vote of that body—
very few, if any, votes being cast against his
right to a seat—who wrote a letter to which I
am about to refer; and when I refer to this
letter I do not do it for the purpose of imput-
ing anything wrong or unpatriotic at the pres-
ent time to the gentleman who wrote it. I
know that after writing this letter he joined
the ranks of the Union armies and fought
through the war for the country, and was as
true to the Union as anybody; but, neverthe-
less, it is admitted that he wrote this letter, in
which he says:
"I commend Governor Harris"—
That is, Governor Harris, of Tennessee, who,
it will be remembered, was the rebel Governor
of that State and did all he could to array Ten-
nessee against the Union, and succeeded in
arraying Tennessee against the Union; but
here is a letter written by a gentleman now
sitting in the other House, in which he says :
" I commend Governor Harris for his course and
for arming the State and resisting Lincoln to the
point of the bayonet, and have enrolled my name as
a volunteer to resist his usurpation." * * *
* "I have always opposed secession, but
claim the right of revolution, and the right to resist
the oppression of the Federal Government and to
throw off their allcgiance to the same when that op-
pression becomes intolerable. That time has now
come."
This is the language of a gentleman who
now holds a seat without objection in the other
House of Congress.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Illinois a question, with his per-
mission.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask if it was not shown
in the case of Colonel Stokes that, notwith-
standing the writing of that letter, he had
been, was, and continued to be, a; loyal man
all through the war, showing his faith by his
