1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3195
reason to the country banks, they should
be permitted to hold on deposit in any of
the redemption cities, in any one of the nine-
teen named, not any one of the three great
cities of which the Senator talks so loudly
to-day, but in any one of the cities named in
the bill, in the gentleman's own city, the city
of Detroit, which is one of the redemption
centers ; that these banks should be permitted
to keep three fifths of this reserve there and
count it precisely the same as if it was lawful
money in the vaults of the bank.
Now, take a bank of ยง100,000 capital in the
interior, and suppose it has $100,000 of cir-
culation and 3800,000 of deposits, it has an
aggregate indebtedness of 8400,000. The re-
serve required by the banking act of that
count?)' bank is $00,000, while a bank simi-
larly nituated in one of the cities would be
required to keep a reserve of $100,000. It is
said that it is a hardship that these banks
should be compelled to redeem their money
at the commercial centers in the redemption
cities. Then your law turns around and pro-
vides that while this bank shall only be required
to keep $60,000 as the entire amount of its
reserve, it may take three fifths of that amount,
say $36,000, and place it on deposit in any
bank in one of the nineteen cities, and be per-
mitted to count it as a part of the reserve pre-
cisely the same as if it was within its own
vaults, where, but for this provision, it must
have been kept.
Mr, President, I do not object to that pro-
vision at all. It is a liberal one, liberal in all
its aspects to the country batiks. It is liberal
not to require of them more than fifteen per
cent, reserve, when the city banks must keep
twenty-live per cent. ; and it is liberal, liberal
in the extreme, that when these banks, from
their business relations, for the purpose of
drawing exchange and for the purpose of re-
deeming their circulating notes, are obliged
to keep in the commercial centers some of
their funds, the national banking law not only
allows them to hold it there for their own con-
venience. but absolutely permits them to count
it as a portion of their reserve, the same as if
it was held in lawful money at home.
Now, the question comes whether these
banks shall deposit this reserve in the com-
mercial cities under such circumstances as
amounts absolutely to a loan of it. They are
forbidden to use this money at home. If it
were not for this privilege of depositing in the
city banks and counting it as reserved, they
would be compelled to keep the fifteen per cent,
in their vaults, and it would be a violation of
the law if they were to loan one dollar of the
fifteen per cent, which is required for a reserve.
You insist, all honest, competent, faithful
financiers insist that that reserve is necessary,
and that you have placed the reserve as low as
is safe to the country banks at fifteen per cent.;
and yet you say that these banks may indirectly
violate this law, that while you forbid them to
loan this money to their own people in their
own neighborhoods, for whose accommodation
the batik was established, you yet admit that
they may take three fifths of the reserve which
you require, and -virtually loan it under the
name of a deposit to one of the banks in the
redemption cities at four per cent., or such
other rate of interest as may be agreed upon,
thus virtually destroying all the conservative
power of the reserve contemplated in your
bank act.
And that is not all. It is not only the fact
that the reserve is thus brought into use, but
the temptation is so strong for the country
banks to withdraw their assets from the coun-
try and place them in the commercial centers,
where beside obtaining interest upon their
balances they can draw exchange upon them
at large profits, day after day, by a charge of
one fourth or one half per cent or more on
their exchange, that they keep in the pities a
much larger sum even than the'three filths of
their required reserve. The worst feature of
the whole thing is, that instead of keeping
only the three fifths of the reserve, which
would be something like forty million dollars,
you find in the redemption cities seventy odd
million dollars of the funds of the interior
banks. More than one third of all the bank-
ing capital outside of the redemption cities is
gathered up and sent to the commercial cen-
ters, there to foster speculation, to be loaned
out on call by the day, or even by the hour, as
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron]
suggested the other day, while the people in
the interior, in the West and Southwest, are
clamoring for circulation and demanding an
increase of banking facilities.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to put the same
question to the Senator from New Jersey that
1 put to the Senator from Ohio. If the country
banks send three fifths of their money to the
cities, and loan it to the city banks at four per
cent, per annum, of course the city banks use
it or they would not pay interest on it. If you
stop that, is it, not contraction? It may be a
bad practice that you propose to stop, but will
not the stopping of it be practically contrac-
tion to that extent?
Mr. CATTELL. In my judgment the prac-
tice has no influence on expansion or contrac-
tion so far as the excess above the reserve of
which I have just been speaking is concerned.
It only takes the money out of its legitimate
channels, attracts it from where it legitimately
belongs to localities where it is not needed.
The Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessendex]
suggests that if the reserve is used, as it is
indirectly by the city banks loaning it, it pro-
duces expansion, which is undoubtedly true.
The whole truth of the matter, Mr. Presi-
dent, is that the system of paying interest upon
bank balances is a mistake from the begin-
ning. Banks are constituted to be lenders and
not borrowers of money; and whenever they
become borrowers and bidders for money they
fail to serve the purposes for which they were
established, and become institutions injurious
to the community. The object of a bank is to
cheapen the rate of interest. Banks are estab-
lished for the purpose of accommodating the
community ana of equalizing and cheapening
the rate of interest. How is this accomplished
when a bank goes out into the market as a bor-
rower of money, borrowing it at one rate and
reloaning it to somebody else at a higher rate?
Is it the legitimate business of a bank to borrow
money under any circumstances? 1 insist on it
that banks are established to lend money, notto
borrow it ; and the whole system of the pay-
ment of interest on bank balances is illegiti-
mate banking, and it has been so held by all
the eminent bankers, both of this and the old
country, for the last half century.
The Bank of England, as a matter of prin-
ciple, has always held that it was illegitimate
banking to pay interest on bank balances; and
1 believe the history of our own country will
show that the banking institutions the most
stable, those which have the greatest confi-
dence of the communities where they are lo-
cated, have resisted the pernicious practice of
paying interest on bank balances. I am sure
this is so in the city of Philadelphia, and I
believe the oldest and strongest banks in the
city of New York are of this class. The Bank
of Commerce, wieldingacapital of $10,000,000,
to this day, I understand, refuses under any
and every circumstance the payment of interest
on bank balances as a matter of principle, and,
in my judgment, they act wise!}'.
Most assuredly if there be any propriety in
establishing by law a reserve of lawful money
to be kept by the batiks, it is a grave mistake
to permit it to be used indirectly when j7ou
refuse to have it used directly.
The Senator from Michigan speaks about a
bank in the interior with $100,000 capital hav-
ing over one hundred thousand dollars on de-
posit in the city of New York.
Mr. CEIANfiLEIl. Fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. CATTELL.- The Senator said $100,000,
but I am willing he shall say $50,000, if he
prefers. We have been discussing here for
days the propriety of authorizing bankinginsti-
tutions to supply the wants of the West and
of the Southwest. Let me ask of what use a
banking institution in that section would be if
it sent its entire capital of $100,000 to New
York and placed it upon deposit there? Will
anybody tell me what advantage there is in the
establishment of a bank in a particular locality,
which is, of course, intended for the benefit
of the business, the commerce, manufactures,
and agriculture of that neighborhood, if you
take the whole amount of its capital and send
it to New York or to Philadelphia or to Bos-
ton, or even to Detroit, where it may just as
well be sent, for it will be remembered there
are nineteen of these redemption cities, and
that Detroit is one of them.
The Senator from Michigan has seen proper
to talk about this first section being for the
benefit of the three great cities. I beg to say
that this is an entire misapprehension against
the interests of every one of the three great
cities. Thegentlemen in New York would not
seek to get this amount of money for their
institutions and agree to pay a certain rate of
interest for it if they did not think there was a
gain from it; and it is quite clear if interest is
notallowedon these bank balances, the amount
kept in New York will be materially reduced.
It is against the interest of the city of Phila-
delphia, in which I am somewhat concerned.
Why? Take as a simple matterof illustration,
if you please, the little bank over which I have
the honor to preside. According to our busi-
ness now, we must maintain a reserve of about
half a million of dollars. According to the
provisions of the law as it now stands, we can
send $300,000 over to the city of New York,
loan it at four per cent, per annum, and get
$12,000 upon it. I need not tell this body
that, being anxious as everybody else to make
money in all lawful ways, we ha*e done this to
some extent, because it is allowed by the law;
but I insist upon it that it is a bad practice ; I
insist upon it that it is unwise thus to destroy
the conservative power of the reserve, and
indirectly defeat the provisions of the law iu
this particular. Iffifteen percent, is too much
reserve to require of the interior banks, we ought
to reduce the amount; we ought not to require
them to carry more than they should carry,
and then permit them indirectly to defend the
object of the law by virtually patting into use
what should be held unused as the reserve.
Beside, this practice is one of the disturbing
elements in our finance. When this money
from the interior is sent into our great com-
mercial centers it is sent at times when money
is easy, when it is plethoric in the country. It
comes to New York and meets precisely the
same condition of things there; money is
abundant. What is the result? The amount
of the bank reserve accumulates very largely,
and the bank cashier runs out into the street
to find somebody to loan it to at a low rate of
interest on call. The result is to stimulate
stock speculation. Erie and Harlem go up
one, two. three dollars a share, because all
the money from the interior is swept into the
great commercial centers. What is the next
result? By and by the crops are to be moved,
and there comes a demand from the country for
money; and the first thing you know is that
money very suddenly is getting tight in New
York ; money is worth one per cent, more this
week than it was last; the banks are beginning
to draw in their call loans; and what is the
result? The result is that stocks go down
again ; there is one, two, three, or five dollars
a share decline upon Erie and upon Harlem.
The consequence is that the men who watch
this sort of thing, your stock speculators and
gamblers in Wall street, are enabled to make
money while the legitimate business of the
country is absolutely disturbed by this state
of things.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow me
to fortify his argument in this particular by
telling him of a historical case that occurred
not very long ago ? The great commotion of
1857 was caused by just this practice. IS ess-rly
all the western banks had deposited their funds
in New York with the Ohio Life and J rust
