1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2171
thus controlled by that committee were eon- j
fined to making appropriations. But when it 1
comes to inaugurating new systems for the |
action of the different Departments of the Gov- !
ernment I think it is time that practice should
be changed. Now, this bill came from the
Committee on Appropriations, I have been in-
formed—if incorrectly, I hope I may be cor-
rected by any member of that committee—that
this subject of Indian affairs was referred to a
single member of that committee for his con-
sideration and judgment. Now, that member
may be well qualified to judge concerning im-
peachment questions and such things, as well
as very many other questions ; but 1 think he
has already too many subjects on his hands to
be enabled to give the proper consideration to
the subject of Indian affairs.
Mr. SPALDING. Allow me a moment.
Mr. WINDOM. Very well.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to say to the
gentleman that the general Indian bill has been
before the Committee on Appropriations for
some days, and they are going over it item by
item. It is a very lengthy bill, and requires a
great deal of time for its proper consideration.
The bill now under consideration makes only a
partial appropriation for the Indian service;
it is a bill reported in advance of the general
Indian bill. Now, how can the Committee on
Indian Affairs deal properly with this bill,
when they do not know at all what is in our
general bill?
Mr. WINDOM. I am very well aware that
this is but a partial appropriation bill. It is
because of the peculiar nature of this bill that
I call the attention of the House to it.
Here is a bill coming from the Committee
on Appropriations which proposed to appro- i
priate some two hundred thousand dollars to j
be expended without one single guarantee or j
safeguard to the Treasury. It was proposed j
by the Committee on Appropriations to place !
in the bands of a commission—to be composed j
of very honorable and respectable men it is true i
—over two hundred thousand dollars, to be
expended by them, without giving any bonds,
■vithout taking any voucher, without the Treas-
ury being protected in any way.
Now, if all the members of that commission
were to act together in making the payments
under this bill, 1 would not have the least ob-
jection to it, for I think that would afford the
strongest guarantee of thehoncstapplication of
this fund. Out gentlemen know very well that
will not be done. We all know that General
Sherman and Senator Henderson, and men of
that class, arc not going to make any money
out of Indian contracts, or would not improp-
erly apply this fnnd. But I do not know that
every member of that commission will be an
honest man. And I will say that if there should
be a dishonest man on that commission he
will be the very man who will have time enough
to. go out and make these payments. And
under this bill of the House he will not be
required to give any bt)nds, or to return a single
exhibit or voucher ; but he will be left free to
pay out the §2,00,000 as he pleases, or to forget
to payout any portion of it, just as he pleases.
That is the House bill. A single member of
the Com mittee on Appropriations having charge
of the preparation of it. brings it in here with-
out giving a single member of the Indian Com-
mittee the slightest notice of what it contains.
It is passed by the House and then goes to the
Senate, where very properly they strike out the
House bill and give us one with some guaran-
tees, which we do not find in the bill as it
passed the House.
ilr. BLAINE. The gentleman will allow
me a single remark. The Committee on Ap-
propriations, if this hill be referred to them,
must take it with the Senate amendment, and
when they report it back the question must
come up on that amendment. In what differ-
ent condition would it be if the Committee on
Indian Affairs should take charge of it? Are
all the customs and usages which have pre-
vailed in reference to appropriation bills during
the entire history of congressional proceedings
I to be reversed because the gentleman from
j Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom] does not like what
| the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
| ler] did in one particular instance ?
I Mr. WINDOM. It would be a little more
, polite if the gentleman would obtain consent
' before interrupting me. But I suppose he feels
justified in imposing on a modest man like me,
and I am always glad to hear him.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have made my motion,
not particularly because I am dissatisfied with
the action of this bill. For the last five years
I have heard a general murmur of dissatisfac-
| tion all over this House that the Committee
| on Appropriations absorbs all the business of
; the House, and doesmot give to other commit-
j tees a fair opportunity to consider the measures
I properly belonging to them.
j Mr. BLAINE. The Committee on Appro-
! priations has been in existence only two years.
1 Mr. WINDOM. I am aware that since the
gentleman has become a member of that com-
mittee he is disposed to think it the only com-
mittee that ever existed. But the committee
had an existence before the gentleman was
ever on it.
Mr. BLAINE. It has only existed for one
Congress.
Mr. WINDOM. Well, it was the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means before : and that com-
mittee was chargeable with the same practice
of absorbing the business of the House.
Now, I do not want to say anything dispar-
aging of the Committee on Appropriations. It
is just as careful and judicious a committee as
any in this House. But I believe there are
other committees just as well qualified to con-
sider the peculiar branches of business which
the House has confided to them as this com-
mittee is to consider every possible matter of
business relating to the affairs of the country.
I believe that if the House will to-day vote for
my motion, and thus declare in favor of giv-
ing the various committees of the House an
opportunity to examine measures which prop-
erly belong to them, wc shall establish a new
usage which will have a very beneficial effect.
I have only to refer to the form in which this
bill was introduced, with its loose and un-
guarded provisions, for the purpose of show-
ing that the Committee on Appropriations is
not infallible, that it may make mistakes as
well as other committees. The fact is that it
has too much business on its hands ; and the
other committees, if they would do themselves
justice, will demand the light to examine ques-
tions appertaining to the peculiar province
intrusted to them by the House.
I do not wish to occupy time on this ques-
tion. I think it is fully understood by mem-
bers generally. I hope that we may have an
opportunity to give a fair examination to this
bill, and that in future each committee will
have confided to it matters properly coming
within its jurisdiction.
Mr. BLAINE obtained the floor.
moneys covered tn'to the treasury.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I rise to
a privileged question, and submit a report
from the committee of conference on the joint
resolution (H. 11. No. 10) directing that cer-
tain moneys now in the lands of the United
States Treasurer, as special agent of the Treas-
ury Department, be covered by warrant into
the United States Treasury.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the joint resolution (H.
R. No. tS') directing that certain moneys now in the
hands of the United states Treasurer, ay special agent
of the Treasury Department, be covered by warrant
into the United States Treasury, having met, after
full and free eonferenec have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the Uou e of Representatives recede from
their amendment to the Senate amendments propos-
ing to strike out section three of said Senate amend-
ments, and agree to said section with the following
amendments:, to wit:
First. Strike out the words " one hundredM in the
second and third lines of said section, and insert in
lieu thereof the words " seventy-live."
Second. Add at the end of said section the words,
" andfor prosecuting suits in the United Statesfor the j
recovery of such property and for providing for the
defense of the United States against suits for or in
respect to such property in the Court of Claims."
And that the Senate agree thereto
C. C. WASHBURN,
G. W SCOMELD,
DEMAS BARNES.
Managers on tliepart of the House
Managers on the part of the'Senaie.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wiscousin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report was
agreedto ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAX ON HANUFACTUKE3.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and present a report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 900) exempting
ccrtain manufactures from internal tax.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of thetwo "Rouses on the amendments to the
bill (II. II. No. 900) to exempt ccrtain manufactures
from internal tax, having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend to their respectivo Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
i the third amendment ot the Senate and agree to the
i said Senate amendment with an amendment, as foi-
1 lows:
^ Insert in lieu of the said Senate amendment, after
the enacting clause, tho words:
That after the 1st day of June next no drawback
of internal taxes paid on manufactures shall bo al-
lowed on the exportation of any article of domestic
manufacture on which there is no internal tax at
the time of exportation : nor shall such drawback be
allowed in any case unless it shall be proved by sworn
evidence, in writing, to the satisfaction of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue that the tax had boon
paid and that such articles of manufacture were,
prior to the 1st day of April, 1868, actually purchased
or actually manufactured and contracted for, to be
delivered for such exportation: and no claim for such
drawback, or for any drawback of internal tax on
exportation* made prior to the passage of this act,
shall be paid unless presented to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue before the 1st day of October.
1808.
Arid tho Senate agree to tho same.
They recommend that the House recede from their
amendment to the fourth amendment of the Senate
and agree to thesame with an amendment, as follows:
Insert in lieu of said Senate amendment the follow-
ing:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That every per-
son, firm, or corporation who shall manufacture, by
hand orinachinery, any goods, wares, or merchandise
not otherwise specifically taxed as such, or who shall
he engaged in the manufacture or preparation for sale
of any artioles or compounds not otherwise specifically
taxed, or shall put up for sale in packages with his own
name or trade mark thereon any articles or compounds
not otherwise specifically taxed, and whose annual
sales exceed $5,000, shall pay for every additional
$1,000 in excessof$5,000 two dollars: and theamount
of sales within the year in excess of $5,000 shall be re-
turned monthly to tho assistant assessor, and the tax
on sales in excess of $5,000 shall be assessed by the
assessor and paid monthly as other monthly taxes are
assessed and paid. And the assessmentfor the month
of April, A. 1). 1868, shall be made on the excess of
sales above tho rate of $5,000 per annum, and there-
after the annual period for the assessment of such
tax shall commoncc on the 1st day of May in each
year.
Sec. 5, And be it further enacted. That every person
who shall engage in or carry on the business of a dis-
tiller with intent to defraud the United States of tho
tax on the spirits distilled by him, or any part thereof,
shall forfeit the distillery and distilling apparatus
used by him, and all distilled spirits and ail raw ma-
terials for the prodution of distilled spirits found in
the distillery and on thedistillery premises, and shall,
on conviction, be fined not less than 6500 nor more
than §5,001), and be imprisoned not less than six
months nor more than three years. If it shall at any
time come to the knowledge of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue that distilled spirits are selling,
directly or indirectly, in any collection district at a
market price less than the tax on such spirits, ho
shall forthwith institute astrict examination into the
causes of such reduced sales, and into the business and
conduct of all the revenue officers in the district in
which such sales aie being made, and in the district
in which such spirits have been manufactured, and
it such sales below theamuunt of tax shall have been
continued or shall hereafter be continued in any col-
lection district lor a period of ten days, the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue shall forthwith cause
every distillery, in which the business of distilling is
earned on in the district, to be seized and closed; ana
after such seizure no such distillery shall be permit-
ted to continue orresume business, eithsrtfnderoolKX
or under any other pretext or arrangement^ until re-
lieved by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue frojn
''sKctT^IntiieiJ/Brtfcreiwcferf.Xhatifanyofficoror
J
