3196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
Company at four or five per cent. Our Ohio
people were terribly bitten. All at once the
concern was found to be in a failing condition.
The country banks commenced drawing on the
Ohio Life and Trust Company. The company
tluew its collaterals on the market, which lecl
to the depreciation, and the whole thing ex-
ploded^ That was caused by the country banks
depositing the balances with that company in
order to get interest.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to say a word
about that. I beg leave to contradict the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, the
Senator from Ohio, in the fact he has men-
tioned. The Ohio Life and Trust Company
and the banks of Ohio did not loan, but bor-
rowed money. It was the borrowing of that
great Ohio corporation which broke up the
banks of the country at that day, and the
Senator from Ohio ought to know that his-
torical fact at least..
Mr. S1IEHMAN. I am perfectly sure that
the fact is as I have stated.
Mr. CAMERON. I remember the history
of that day. I remember that a speculative
corporation called the Ohio Life and Trust
Company borrowed money everywhere where
ever it could get it.
Mr. C1IANDLEB. Untold millions almost.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, untold millions. It
threw its securities into the city of New York
and the New York banks, and New York capi-
talists took its securities until it broke up the
whole of them. That is the history of that day.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 said that the State
banks had put their funds with the Ohio Life
and Trust Company, and that the company
loaned out the money, and that was the cause
of the difficulty.
Mr. CAT TELL. I shall bo very happy to
have these gentlemen settle their differences
at some oilier time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will not the Senator
yield to a motion to adjourn? It is plain that
wo cannot finish this bill to-night.
Mr. CAT TELL. I shall notdetain the Sen-
ate much longer. In regard to the question
which has been raised between the Senator
from Ohio and the Senator from Pennsylvania,
I have only to say that the circumstances con-
nected with that case are familiar to every-
body who was eugaged in commercial affairs
at the time. The fact is, that the Ohio Life
and Trubt Company established its principal
branch in the city of New York, and there it
learned New Yoik habits, it learned to bid
for the country bank balances and to pay
interest on them. It had in its office in New
York, which was its main office, although it
was called the Ohio Life and Trust Company,
immense sums of money borrowed from cor-
porations and individuals for which it was pay-
ing interest. It was suddenly called upon in
1857 to pay some of its debts due on demand ;
the collapse catne, and it tumbled down. I
think that is really the state of the ease in
regard to that institution.
The Senator from Michigan very kindly in
the course of his remarks exonerated the
Finance Committee from the wickedness and
atrocity of having originated this measure;
and I believe he honestly thinks to-day that
the committee themselves would not have com-
mitted .so great a swindle upon the country as
the introduction of the first section of this bill.
I believe he has great faith in their integrity,
but not so much, I apprehend, in their dis-
cernment. Now, I beg to say that the subject
has been brought to the attention of Congress
more than once by the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency and tile Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CAMERON. Who has confidence in
the Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. CATTELL. The Senator asks me a
question which I leave the Secretary's friends
to answer. There are some of them here, I
believe. The Comptroller of the Currency in his
last report, which I think one of the ablest
documents sent to Congress during the present
session, argues it at length, and I beg leave
upon this question to close my remarks by
reading the argument which the Comptroller
of the Currency made in regard to it. It con-
vinced me and I think it ought to satisfy the
Senate. For years it has been my custom to
think and to talk upon this subject and to dis-
cuss it, with eminent bankers in Philadelphia,
New York, and elsewhere ; and I have to say
that I do not know in the whole circle of my
acquaintance a banker of skill, a man cul-
tivated on the subject of finance, who does not
agree that the payment of interest by banks
on bank or individual balances is an error and
is illegitimate banking. If this reform does
not come at this Congress it will come at some
time. If it does not come through the action
of Congress preventing the national banks,over
which it has control, from paying interest on
balances it will come when the evils of the
system come to be developed, and when bank
officers themselves will be compelled in self-
defense to adopt it as a principle.
I will now read what the Comptroller of the
Currency says on this subject, and I beg the
Senator from Michigan to observe that prob-
ably the gentleman guilty of tho atrocity, to
which he has alluded, may be Mr. Hulburd
or some other of the gentlemen who have
been connected with our financial department
for the last two or three years, and therefore
the committee are somewhat sustained b,y
their opinions on the subject. Mr. Hulburd
says in his report:
"Attention is respectfully called to a practice pre-
vailing, moro or loss, in tile banks of the principal
cities, of paying interest on the balances of country
banks—a practice characterized by tho Chancellor of
the Kxchequer of England in commenting upon the
causes which led to the crisis of 1857, as one emi-
nently liable to abuse, and containing within it ele-
ments of danger. am! to which many of the evils of
the recent crisis may bo attributed.
"Country banks keep deposits with city banks for
the iHirpo.so of facilitating exchanges in carrying on
their own business"—
They do not do if to oblige the city banks, (
but to facilitate their own business—
"and ordinarily, it is to bo presumed, they find a
profit in doiie? such business, and in keeping a work-
ing balance in tho city banks. Tho funds so placed
are needed, and properly belong there, but will not
be allowed to exceed the amount actually neeessaiy
for the current demands of business. The pay in cut,
of hig'h rates ot interest on such balances attracts all
tho spare oa-pital from thecountiy to tliceommcroiai
centers, while it is [.till payable, on call. This capital
would not remain dead or unemployed, but it is j
drawn away from the countiy where it is needed,
to the business centers whore the rate of interest is
higher. The cities then come into competition with
the country, and compel borrowers in the country to
pay higher rates.''
"M. P ere ire. president of the Gmlit MnbUier, of
France, says that ' banks have been instituted only
to lower the lato of inteic.it, and they fail in their
mission when they do not fulfill that character.'
tint this is one of the minor evils of the practice. i
"Tliecity banks, by the payment of interest, offer i
apiemiuiu tor deposits, the volume of which should !
be regulated only by tho ebb and flow 'if trado. An j
artificial stimulant is applied in orderto accumulate !
funds in excess of the natural demand. So long as '
tho country banks c.ui employ their means more I
profitably at home they will do so : but when their j
own trade is dull, they will send their money to the \
busiues^ contcis; and it so happens that, the city \
banks will secure the greatest nbimdiince of means I
exactly at the, time when they have tho least use for 1
them. But as they pay intere-t. for such deposits, !
theymust be used; tliecity banker becomes a bi oker, j
a seeker after investments: he mu^t get more inter- \
est than he pa.ys or he wjll lose money; he must I
loan it on call, tor it is payable 011 demand, and it ;
will always be demanded when he wants it most. :
Deposits ar.c tho rcse.ve of the countiy, and tho
depo^itsof ihe country banks at the centers of trado :
are their reserves for all demand liabilities. Required 1
by law to keep a reserve equal to fifteen per cent, of
their deposits and circulation, three lifth  of this i:
reserve may consist of balances due from city banks. '
Forbidden to use their reserve in their own business ij
they remit it to i\ew York, where it is not hold in J
reserve, but is loaned to stock-hrokcrs and specula-
tors. Receiving interest on tho amount under the
name of a deposit, thoy really loan it 011 call to the 'i
city banks, which in their turn loan it at a higher 1,
rate of interest." jj
I submit, Mr. President, that the principle
contained in the first section of this bill is a \
correct one, and that if nothing further is done
by this Congress 011 the subject of finance, it is n
imperatively demanded, for tho safety of the ij
national-banking system, for tlie credit'and the
honor of the law upon our statute-hook requir- |l
ing a specified reserve, that you shall not per- !>
nut the national banks to do indirectly what h
you refuse to permit them to do directly ; that
you shall not make it uniawlul^ for the interior
bank to loan any part of the fifteen per cent,
reserve to the people in the neighborhood itt
which the bank is located who may need bank
accommodations for legitimate business, anu
yet permit such bank to send three filths ot its
reserve to one of the redemption cities and
virtually make a loan of it there, counting it
all the time as their reserve, the same as they
would unused lawful money in their own vaults.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President-—
Mr. BUCKALEW. I hope my colleague
will allow me to ask a question. I do not
know much about banking, and 1 desire some
information, some instruction. I do not under-
stand why a country bank, where the rate of
interest is six per cent., should refuse to accom-
modate its neighbors at that rate, and send its
funds to the city banks and deposit them there
and get four per cent. 011 them. I find a state-
ment of that sort—it seems tome incompre-
hensible—made in the paper read from the
Comptroller of the Currency, and als® insisted
upon by the Senator from New Jersey.
There is another point upon which I wish
enlightenment. If we pass this bill and forbid
the city bank from paying any interest upon
the money of the country bank which it holds,
1 desire to know whether the city bank will
actually use that fund and make profit 011 it as
before?
Mr. CATTELL. I shall be glad to answer
both of the gentleman's questions. Jn ilie
first place the country banks cannot loan this
money, which is required to be held as a re-
serve of fifteen per cent, at home at all at any
rate of interest. That is the answer to that
question.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then it must be because
there is 110 demand of business at home for it.
Mr. CAT! ELL. No; it is because they
cannot do it; by law they are compelled to
reserve fifteen per cent, in their vaults, and of
that three fifths they are allowed to send to
New York and count as their reserve, if it
were not, so sent they would have been obliged
to keep it in lawful money in their vaults.
Mr. BUCKALE W. My question was gen-
erally 111 regard to this transfer of funds.
Moneys over and above this reserve are sent to
the cities.
Mr. CAflLLL. Certainly. I will answer
that question as well as I can. In the first
place, that reserve amounts toabout forty mil-
lion dollars. That is a good deal of money to
start with. But there is something like sev-
enty million dollars kept in the cities, and the
reason for that I apprehend is to be found in
the (act that the amount of money in a country
bank is often larger than they are willing to
loan upon time paper; larger than tliev are
willing to lend to A, B. or C for sixty or ilmety
days or lour months, the earliest lime they can
get it back; but it is a, sum which they cau
.send olf to a city, and they can there get four
per cent, on the amount, subject to call when-
ever they shall want it; and as they can use
a larger amount of their funds in that" direction
with sa.ety, because it is payable on call, they
will deplete their home market of money which
is needed there for local purposes.
|lr: CAMERON, it is hardly fair that here
at half past five o clock I should he compelled
question!^ C°UeilSue  P°° this interesting
^rr" Your colleague 1
CAMERON. I say my colleague, be-
cause although he is elected from New Jersey
he lives in Philadelphia. [Laughter.] If Ihe
gentleman s ipgal colleague [Mr. Few i\-<-
urysKx] were here he would take direct'lv Hie
opposite course on this bill. I regret that hi
is not here because he lives in New,Jersey Lid
There^re——-co ®ue *-es in Philadefph^
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator yield
to a motion to adjourn^
Mr. CAMERON". CertalnW
Mr. HENDitlCKS. Ittt'ry evi<Jeat that
we cannot conclude this discussion to tiiglf
