2172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Nl
agent appointed and acting underthe authority of
any revenue law of the United States shall be guilty
of gross neglect.in the disoharge of any of the duties
ot his o'tice. or shall conspire or collude with any
other person to defraud the United States, or shall
make opportunity for any person to defraud the
United States, or shall do Or omit to do any act with
intent to enable any other person to defraud the
United' States, or shall make or sign any false cer-
tificate or'return in any case whore ho is by law or
regulation required to make a certificate or return,
or navrng knowledge or information of the violation
of any revonue law by any person, or of fraud com-
mitted by any person against the United States, under
any revenuo law of the United States, shall fail to
report in writing such knowledge or information to
his next superior oflicer and to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, he shall, on conviction, be fined
not less.than $1,000 nor more than $5,000, and shall
beimprisonednot less than six months nor more than
three years.
Anil the Senate agree to tho same.
ROBERT 0. SCIIENCK,
S. HOOPER,
"WM. 10. NIBLACK,
Managers on the part of the House.
JOHN SHERMAN,
GEORGE II. WILLIAMS,
E. D. MORGAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I am able
to say to the House, after some two or three
hours of full and free conference the managers
on the part of the House and of the Senate
concur unanimously in the report which we
have now presented. Without going loo mncli
into detail I will explain what it is we have
agreed to.
The first amendment of the Senate, it will
be remembered, related to the reduction of the
tax on oil. The House relieved the committee
of conference from anything to do on that sub-
ject by agreeing to the amendment of the Sen-
ate ; so that, not as a part of the report of the
committee of conference, but outside of that,
I have only to say we are indebted to our friend
from Pennsylvania [MivScofield] for that
reduction of the revenue which will have to
be made up hereafter by a tax on iron or some-
thing else. [Laughter.]
The second amendment of the Senate was
in relation to giving to the United States the
benefit of the relief from taxation so far as it
applied to those articles of machinery, &c.,
which have been or may hereafter be delivered
under contract for the benefit of the Govern-
ment. Such representations were made by the
managers on the part of the Senate in relation
to the very great advantage this would be to
the Government on account of the peculiar
character and extent of some contracts that
were made, and the circumstances under which
they were made, that the managers on the part
of the House agreed to let that amendment of
the Senate stand, and recede from the non-
concurrence on the part of the House.
The next amendmentis that which relates to
drawbacks. This has been settled between the
managers on one side and the other by a com-
promise, taking the first part of the Senate
amendment and the last part of the House
amendment; so that, while there is to be after
the 1st of June next no drawback allowed on
the exportation of any article that was free
from tax at the time of the exportation, ft is
provided, as proposed by the House, that there
shall be relieved from this provision those cases
where articles prior to the 1st of April, when
this law takes effect, have actually been pur-
chased or manufactured and contracted to be
sent abroad.
There is another provision contained in this
report as agreed to which was virtually agreed
to in a different shape by both Houses before,
and that is that there shall be a time limited
within which any claim for drawback from in-
ternal taxes shall be paid or settled at the
Treasury. We have fixed it on the 1st of Oc-
tober, so that both as to those things which are
relieved from tax by this bill and as to any for-
mer claim made for drawbacks it is provided
that there shall be what is equivalent to a stat-
ute of limitations, whereby every such claim
shall be brought forward and proved for settle-
ment on or before the 1st of October next, and
no claim shall be paid after that date. _ It seems
strange that there has never been a limitatio n
of this kind. In consequence of the want of
it old proofs presented in old cases, extending
back several years, are still coming forward to
the Treasury.
The fourth amendment of the Senate is that
which relates to extending the special tax on
sales to manufactures. The House so man-
aged the proposition of the Senate as to limit
that tax to all sales above $5,000 in those
cases where by this bill manufactures were
exempted.
After full consultation upon this subject the
managers to the part of the House have
agreed with the Senate in putting generally a
tax on sales above $5,000, as a part of the
special tax in all cases of manufactures where
they are not otherwise differently provided for,
as in the case of tobacco, spirits, and some few
other articles. In other words, we have agreed
to put into this bill that general provision which
would have been reported and will be reported
in the general tax bill as prepared by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
This brings me to the whisky question. It
will be remembered that by the amendment of
the House it was provided that to run a distil-
lery with intent to defraud the Government of
the tax was made a penitentiary offense, a
crime to be visited with heavy penalties. The
managers on the part of the Senate have agreed
to that part of the House amendment. The
House had inserted a provision that if any dis-
tiller should carry on business for a period of
twenty days when the market price of distilled
spirits was below the aggregate cost of produc-
tion with the tax added, it should be held
prima facie evidence that such distiller was
carrying on his distillery in violation of the
preceding por tion of the section.
It was thought by the Senate that this was
too hard a rule of evidence. It was claimed
that it was too much to make a prima facie
case by this means against a man and subject
him to punishment by imprisonment in the
penitentiary in consequence of it.
So, also, there was a provision in the House
section that in any district where spirits were
produced and sold for less than the tax, or
where they were put on sale and sold from day
to day for less than the tax, the assessor and
collector should be suspended from their offices
and their pay stopped until they should virtually
prove their innocence, clear their skirts of the
ehargeof conniving at it. In lieu of that, which
the Senate also objected to, it was finally, by a
compromise, agreed that in every case where
it shall come to the knowledge of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue that distilled spirits
are selling directly or indirectly for less than
the tax there shall be instituted a strict ex-
amination into the cause of the reduced price
and into the conduct and business of every rev-
enue oflicer in the district where spirits are
thus sold or produced, leaving, without any
new provision of law, the consequences of the
guilt of the officers to be provided for as in
other cases where officers may be guilty of
offenses against the law_, but makingno pro-
vision here in regard to it, no suspension from
office. And there is a further provision that
if it shall be found in any case that distilled
spirits are selling in a collection district for less
than the cost for a period of ten days, the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue shall have power
immediately to close every distillery in the dis-
trict, seizing it for that purpose, and that this
seizure shall not be remitted under any pretext
of putting it under bond or any other arrange-
ment, until relieved regularly from seizure by
the Commissioner.
The object of this last clause is this: it is
found that where seizures of distilleries have
taken place and they have been turned over
to the courts, in a great many cases—and we
have such proof before the Committee of Ways
and Means—the marshal of the district has
made a very pretty business by running the
distillery under bonds, or, if not the marshal,
then the keepers of the distillery whom he puts
in charge.
We therefore provide that the closing np
shall be absolute. If this be done, I may here
explain to the House, it will be perhaps one
of the most efficient means of bringing out of
bond whisky which is there now, and Wiich
ought to pay $40,000,000 of tax.
Mr. Speaker, when I was on the floor yes-
terday or the day before, this subject being
before the House, I gave a little offense, I be-
lieve, to the gentleman who represents the
Chicago district in Illinois, [Mr. Judd,] by
having read a letter telling of the infernal
condition of things, so far as distilled spirits
are concerned, and all the officers engaged in
■watching or pretending to watch the revenue
in that particular- city. I am sorry if I left any
wrong impression, for if I had not been cut
off, as the Speaker will recollect I was, by the
necessary enforcement of the rule prohibiting
me from going further, I should have added
that, bad as it is at Chicago, it is, if possible,
a little worse in New York and very much
worse in Philadelphia. [Laughter.] I hope
this is making the amende to Chicago.
Mr. BRQOKS. I suppose the object of this
bill, then, is to stop distillation in the great
cities of the country, and send it back to the
rural districts altogether?
Mr. SCHEN CK. No, sir ; the rule is gen-
eral. It applies to all—to rural districts as well
as city districts.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me remark that, so far
as my city is concerned, I think the great ma-
jority of frauds are perpetrated by persons from
the rural districts.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is very likely. Men
born away up in the New England States who
wander down to the cities are very apt to get
into bad practices when they get there; they
are demoralized by becoming citizens of those
large cities. [Laughter.]
This provision applies to the districts every-
where. If there is not so much fraud commit-
ted in the rural districts as in the cities, 1 do
not myself suppose it is owing so much to the
superior morality of the rural districts as to
the fact that they are more open to observation.
Being compelled to suspend business when
they have committed any offenses, that business
has gone lurking in the purlieus of the cities,
where it is less liable to observation and detec-
tion.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, before the
vote is taken on this conference report I de-
sire to make a brief explanation in relation to
this last section upon the subject of -whisky
and distilleries. As a member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means I was opposed,
in tiie first instance, to bringing this matter
of whisky and whisky frauds into this bill in
any shape. As to these I preferred to wait
until the regular tax bill was reported. On
yesterday, however, on the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] repre-
senting a majority of the Ways and Means
Committee, the House, by a very large and de-
cided vote, attached to this bill a very stringent
and very remarkable section by way of amend-
ment, changing very njaterially existing laws
in regard to distilleries and internal revenue
officers. It became, therefore, imperative on
the committee of conference to meet the ques-
tion and dispose of it in someway. The Treas-
ury Department, too, we were informed, de-
sired some additional and very prompt legisla-
tion, placing distilleries more completely under
the control of tho Commissioner of Internal
Revenue than they now are, and to enable the
Department to enforce more rigidly the collec-
tion of the whisky tax and the laws governing
the manufacture and sale of whisky. After
a very full and free conference it was ascer-
tained that the substitute reported by the com-
mittee of conference for the amendment adopted
by the House was the very best that could be
obtained or agreed upon under existing cir-
cumstances. As this substitute is, in my judg-
ment, a very great improvement on the House
amendment, and as I do not want to seem to
stand in the way of any reasonable measure
looking to a more efficient collection of inter-
nal taxes, I agreed to the report of the commit-
tee of conference embracing this last section.
