1148
THE CONGJBESSIONAL GLOBE.
works, and if that history of Colonel Stokes
£ m wstmguish his case utterly from that
ox Mr. inomas?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If..the Senator from
Indiana had listened to my remarks he would:
'\°\ f I? , <laest">n. I had, already
stated thatthegentleman who wrote this letter
afterward joined the Union, Army and fought
through the war and was as loyal as anybody;
but did not that letter give aid and comfort
to men engapd in arnied hostility to the Uni-
ted states when. tt was published? ■ When an
individual published over his own signature a
letter in which he said that he claimed the
right °f resolution against tiie oppressions of
the federal Government, and that that time
ad come when he- would resist, was it giving
no aid, comfort,, countenance, or encourage-
ment to the rebellion?-
Mr. WILLIAMS. How could be take the
oath? .
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. That I am not propos-
ing to discus. I refer to this merely for the
purpose of showing the action of Congress in
regard to these cases.
Mr. .FERRY.^ I should like to ask the Sen-
ator a question if he will allow me to do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly. '
Mr. PERRY. For my own information on
a point of law, as the Senator is chairman of
the Judiciary Committee, I would ask first,
what it is that constitutes the essence of the
criminality of the concealment and non-dis-
closure of a treason? and in the second place,
whether such concealment and non-disclosure
is an aid to the public enemy? and in the third
place, if it makes any difference what is the
intent of such concealment and non-disclosure?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I imagine that it is
hardly necessary for me to give a definition to
crim§, In regard to the last query put by the
Senator from Connecticut, I think it does make
all the difl'erence in the world as to the intent.
I think that the essence of the crime is in the
intent, and that there must be an intent to
commit it to constitute crime. Criminal neg-
ligence may subject a party to punishment;
but it is the design to commit the offense that
commits a crime. "Thou shalt not kill" is
the language, not only of human tribunals, but
of the Almighty, and yet killing may take place
without the commission of any crime.
Mn FERRY. But there are crimes of
omission as well as crimes of commission.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There must be a crimi-
nal intent in the omission as well as the com-
mission, or a culpable negligence amounting
to criminality. In my judgment, the intent ia
everything.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
my friend from Connecticut a question, with
the permission of my friend from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose the son of one
of us—the son of the honorable Senator from
Illinois for example—had behaved in precisely
like manner, the father omitting to give him
$100, and the father had not given information
of the facts to the President of the United
States—had omitted to do so—would the Sen-
ator from Connecticut in such a ease, if the
gentleman had been elected by the Legislature
of Illinois on his character and standing as a
member of this body, have held that that was
sufficient to exclude him from a right to take
a seat, because he had been guilty, technically,
of what is called misprision of treason? Would
you apply it to him?
Mr. FERRY. I do not say that I should;
neither do I say that I should apply it in the
present case. I put the question for the pur-
pose of having the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee meet the objection raised by the
Senator from Massachusetts upon the statute
in regard to misprision of treason, which stat-
ute, it seems to me, is the one that applies
most formidably to the ease of the Senator-
elect.
Mr. SUMNER. And in that conncction let
me add also the language of the common law,
merely to complete the case as stated by the
February 13^
Senator from Connecticut. I give the con-
densation of Mr. Bishop:
■fck'Pu-V^19I>®treas<)n or fefons', arid he stands by
wnito it ts uone withoiit using the weans in his powor
to prevent it, though his :wiil concurs cot in it, or
wtien ho jinows of its having been in his absence
comuuUoci, but neither makes' disclosure of itto the
autuontiosnor does anything,to bring the offender
+ FiUnlj ' 'ar* holds him guilty of a breach
or tijo duty due from every man to the community
who rem he dwells and the Government which pro-
tects him." •
^ Mi\ IRUMBULL. Mr. President, in liken-
ing this to the crime of an individual, we lose
sight of the (great war in which we have been
engaged. It that testis to be applied every-
body is guilty. What is the condition" of the
Judiciary Committee of the Senate? I do not.
know but, that the Senator from Massachusetts
will have us all arrested. This boy oame be-
fore us, and he confesse'd before us that he
went into this rebellion. I am not sure but
that the Senator from Massachusetts has seen
walking in the streets of Boston many men
who were in this rebellion, and I never heard
ot his going before the courts or the officers of.
the law and informing them "there is a man
who has been engaged in the rebellion." I
do not know but that he is guilty of concealing
that fact from the officers by not making it
known to them. [Laughter.] I do not know
but that the Judiciary Committee, when the
boy came before us and testified that he did
go into the rebel army and join it, are all guilty
of misprision, of treason in this sense. We did
not arrest him, and, so far as I know, no steps
were taken by the committee to arrest him.
The Senator from Massachusetts sat in this
body along with myself some seven years ago,
when on the other side of the Chamber men
rose and said that they were going home to
their States to defy the Union, proclaimed it
here that that was their purpose; that the
Union was then dissolved; that they had no
respect for your laws and would pay no obe-
dience to your statutes, but were going home
for the very purpose of joining their Slates to
overthrow and disrupt this Union. Who of us
went before the courts and complained of them
for that?
Mr. DRAKE. We could not complain of
mere talk.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was with that talk
coupled the act; they did go. But, if the Sen-
ator is right, how could Mr. Thomas complain
of the talk of this boy when lie said he was
going?
Mr. DRAKE. There was no war when those
persons went out of this Hall, I would suggest
to the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When did the war begin?
Mr. DRAKE. It began long before this boy
left his father's house.
Mr. TRUMBULL. John C. Breckinridge
sat here when the battle of Bull Run was
fought. Was there no war then?
Mr. DRAKE. But he did not say he was
going.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that he
said that, but he said a great deal worse.
Mr. DRAKE. What he said was publicly
said; everybody knew it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But where, then, was
the Senator from Missouri that he did not com-
plain of it?
Mr. DRAKE. I was a thousand miles away.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I happen to know that
in the goodly city of St. Louis, where my friend
resided, there were some rebels that I think he
knew of, and he did not have them arrested.
Mr. DRAKE. Excuse me: you are very
much mistaken about that. You were in Wash-
ington ; I was in St. Louis, and should better
understand the position of things there than
you did here; and if my son had told me that
he was going into the rebel army he would
have got no §100 from me under any pretense
whatever, I can assure the Senator lrom Illi
11018.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think he would not.
I think the Senator from Missouri would not
have given him any $100, and that he would
have restrained him from going. I think Mr.
Thomas should have resorted to other means
than he did to restrain his son from going. It
was his duty to do it.
Mr. HOWARD. His duty in what respect?
Mr. TRUMBULL. His duty as- a patriotic
citizen devoted to the U.nian, I think, should
have required him to do more than he^ did;
but because lie did not do it I do not under-
stand that he was guilty of voluntarily giving
aid and comfort to the enemies of the country.
And when you undertake to liken this to a pri-
vate' case, to make misprision of treason out"
of it because he knew that men were engaged
in rebellion and did not go and complain to
the judicial authorities, I say you make every '
man in the land guilty. Sot a member of this
body could escape, if it was necessary, when
sufficient facts came to our knowledge to war-
rant us in the belief that a man was engaged
in treasonable proceedings, to make complaint
of him. If that is to be construed into con-
cealing treason, we were all guilty. We were
trying to do our duty. I am sure those of us
who were in, y s Chamber-were doing what
lay in our power to put down this rebellion;
but it was a great war. It was- not. to be put
down by complaints before magistrates, but
by the valor of the American people, assem-
bled together in armies of hundreds of thou-
sands, whose footsteps shook the verv conti-
nent as they marched over it. The idea that
individuals are guilty of crime in the midst of
such a great war because they do not go before
constables and magistrates as informers has
no application to the great facts that were
transpiring at that time in the country.
But, sir, I was drawn away from what I was
, about to say, and I should have concluded my
remarks before this but for the interruption. I
was commenting on the letter from which I
read, written by a member of the House of
Representatives, who, as I said, turned out to
be a very loyal and patriotic man during the
war, but who nevertheless wrote this letter;
and yet by, I believe, almost a unanimous vote
of the House of Representatives he was per-
mitted to take his seat on taking the oath. It
is not for me to say how he could take it, for
at the time it was written it looked very much
like giving encouragement or countenance to
the rebellion. You cannot make "fish of one
and flesh of another." Because he afterward
turned out to be a loyal man cannot wipe away
that act. If it gave countenance and encour-
agement to the rebellion when it was done, it is
within the terms of your act of Congress. And
it would not change the case of Mr, Thomas
it it were m proof here that he also, when his
son went to the rebel lines, marched with a
musket into the Union lines. That would not
alter the law of this case; and yet I question
veiy much if that nad been the fact whether
any question would have been raised against
him here. The House of Representatives, in
a report which I believe has been brought to
the notice of this body by some of the Sena-
tors who have discussed this question, lay down
this rule, that to come within the statute the
party giving the aid and comfort must have
designed it as aid and comfort; and I think that
would be the fair meaning of the word "vol-
untarily. He must voluntarily have given aid
designed if t0 ^ enemy" must W
su^°NNESS. Must not have been per-
Must not have beenper-
? ni l°°, P!ease to use the word "per-
suaded. It depends upon the sense in which
v n California would use the
• I ou cannot, as a mere cover for an
act, say that you were persuaded; but it must
lave been with the design of effecting that
purpose. IN obody can read this testimony, I
Mr Ttaimas ^ ^ WaS 1116 C'esigU of
■\V e have had a case in this body where a
.Senator who held a positiou in the State of
lennessee, after that State went into the rebel-
ion, was admitted to take his seat on taking the
oath prescribed by law. I did not vote mfself
