1808.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
sm
This is upon a very important question, and
the discussion 1ms but recently come down to
the real question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] has
the floor.
Mr. CAMERON, I yield to the motion to
adjourn.
Air. CATTELL. I beg the courtesy of the
Senator from Indiana to make one correction.
The Senator from Pennsylvania does not desire
to do me injustice 
Mr. CAMERON. Oh, no ; I want to do
you honor.
Mr. CATTELL. If there were no New
Jersey, I should be glad to live in Philadel-
phia; but there being such a State as New
Jersey, and my residence being there, I claim
that gentlemen shall not misrepresent me by
saying that I live in Philadelphia. Besides,
Mr. President, I discovered when I was a little
disposed to take some hand in the appoint-
ments in Philadelphia that my friend, the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, gave me to understand
that i resided in New Jersey and represented
Mew Jersey. [Laughter.] I do not want this
thing to apply one way one day and another
way the next.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say that I
intended to do honor to the Senator who rep-
resents New Jersey, because I think it is a
great honor toherthatherrepresentative should
live in the city of Philadelphia. Now, he talks
about my having objected to his interfering in
the appointments in Philadelphia. I did object;
but 1 was new in the Senate then, and the Sen-
ate listened to him, and he put upon me and
upon the people of my State several very bad
men because ho did represent the eiiy of Phila-
delphia m place of representing New Jersey.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now does the Senator
yield to a motion to adjourn?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
ilr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
r.ays. I want to pass this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 13 ; as follows :
Y HAS — Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Cameron,
Chandler, Conkiing, Corbett, Cragin, Harlan, Hend-
i K.i;-, Howe, McCreery, Patterson of New llaiup-
ire, Spra^ue, Stewart, Vickers, Wade, Wiiley, Wil-
son, and Yates—lit
• js'Alri—Messrs. Cattell, Cole, Davis, Henderson,
Mouill of Aiame, Moriill oi Vermont, Koss, Slier-
man, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and
William:-—13.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Dixon, Doo-
littio, Drake, iktmunds, Ferry, Ft ssenden, Fowler,
Frclinghuysen, Grimes, Howard, Johnson, Morgan,
Morton, Norton, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee, Pom-
eroy, Ramsey, Saulsbury, and Sumner—22.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June Id, 1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, llev. C. B. Boy.yton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
reciprocity treaty.
Mr. COVODE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a remonstrance against the renewal of
that pait of the reciprocity treaty which would
reduce the duty on bituminous coal for the
benefit of Nova Scotia interests, signed by
representatives of sixteen collieries in Penn-
sylvania ; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
EXTRA PAY OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES.
Mr. BINGHAM. IaskconsentoftheHouse
that a request be sent to the Senate for the
return of the House joint resolution No. 291,
giving additional pay to certain employes in
the civil service of the Government at Wash-
ington, in order that action may be taken here
upon the motion 1 entered yesterday to recon-
sider the vote by which that joint resolution
passed this House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I object.
RODERICK It. BCTLEIl.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege, and call up the amendment of the Senate
to the bill of the House No. 870, to remove
political disabilities from Roderick 11. Butler,
of Tennessee.
The question was upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, to strike out all of
the bill after the enacting clause, and also to
strike out the preamble, and in lieu of the por-
tion stricken out to insert after the enacting
clause of the bill the following words :
That all legal and political disabilities imposed by
the United States upon Rodeiiclc It. Butler, ol Ten-
nessee, in consequence of participation in the leeent
rebel.ion, be, and the same are hereby, removed.
And the said Butler, on entering upon the discharge
of the duties ot any office to which he lias been or
may be elected or appointed, instead of the oath
prescribed by the act ol July 2, 18f>2, shall take and
subscribe the following oath : 1, Roderick R.Butler,
do solemnly swear (or alhnn) that I will support and
defend the Constitution of the United States against
all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear
true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take
this obligation fieely, without any mental leseiva-
tion or purpose of evasion, and that 1 will faithfully
discharge the duties of the office on which I am
about to enter, so help mo God.
Mr. MULLINS. 1 wish to know the posi-
tion in which this now stands, and the char-
acter of the amendment now under considera-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I will explain this amend-
ment in a few words. It does not differ, except
in form, from the bills sent to the Senate from
this House. The House, as it will be remem-
bered, passed two bills, one generally providing
that when political disabilities were, by act of
Congress, removed from any individual, then
he shall be required simply to take the oath
prescribed in that bill: an oath to support the
Constitution of the .United States, and not the
oath prescribed by the present law, requiring
him to siv6ar 'hat he has not participated in
the rebellion. The House also parsed another
bill removing political disabilities from Rod-
erick li. Butler. The Senate have amended
the bill by incorporating in it the principle of
the other bill, leavinglhe general billstill pend-
ing in the Senate. The House passed both
these bills by very large majorities, and the
Senate have indorsed them by putting both in
the same bill by an almost unanimous vote, all
but five voting in the affirmative, I believe.
Mr. MULLINS. How many Senators did
not vote?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know.
Mr. MULLINS. I understand that there
were twenty-six Senators who did not vote at
all upon the question.
Mr. PRICE. Does not this bill propose to
modify the test-oath so as to permit Mr. Butler
to take his seat here without taking the test-
oath ?
Mr. DAWES. This prescribes just the oath
prescribed by the bill which passed this House
by a majority of three fourths or more. Of
course as to this gentleman it does modify the
test-oath ; otherwise therewould be no occasion
for passing it.
Mr. PRICE. Is not this the very action we
refused to take in the ease of Senator Patter-
son', of Tennessee?
Mr. MULLINS. And of Mr. Brown, of
Kentucky?
Mr. DAWKS. The same, and has already
been fully discussed.
Mr. BAKER. Does this bill dispense with
the test-oath ?
Mr. DAWES. So far as this gentleman is
concerned it dispenses with all that part of the
test-oath which calls upon him to swear that
he did not render aid and comfort to the enemy
in any respect, because in point of fact he was
a member of the rebel Legislature of Tennessee.
Having been such member of the rebel Legis-
lature, it is necessary for him, as an honest
man, coming here as he does, not to take the
oath at all and not take his seat here or tohavQ
the oath modified.
Mi". SHBLLABARGBR. If this matter
came from the Committed of Elections I was
not present in the committee when it was con-
sidered, and know nothing about the action of
the committee. I rise now simply for tlie pur-
pose of inquiring of my friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. I) awes J whel her i his proposed action
does not relate to a matter which, if the pend-
ing constitutional amendment had become a
part of the Constitution of the United St.ites,
would require a vote of two thirds of cacli
House of Congress?
And I desire to say this in addition, that if
that amendment be not now in fact a part of
the Constitution of the United States, we deem
it to bo virtually so. And I should regret,
especially at this time, just when we are upon
the threslieid of entering upon the policy of
progress which that constitutional amendment
is to inaugurate and make perpetual, I would
regret to see a letting down, on the part of the
law-making power, lti regard to the singularly
important matter covered by that constitutional
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I reply to my colleague that
he does recognize the very question in the mind
of my colleague. It passed the House by a
two-thirds majority recoguizingthe clement of
that constitutional amendment. It came back
from, the Senate with a two-thirds majority
there, and unless the House concurs in the
amendment by -a two-thirds majoiity it will
not have the legal effect which we ex..eet it to
have. I acquiesce iti all that my colleague on
the committee says, and it is for that reason I
hope this amendment will he concurred in by
a two-thirds majority. I will therefore call for
a division.
I will say that the whole matter was dis-
cussed with reference to its application to the
constitutional amendment, it goes upon the
broad plan that the constitutional amendment
contemplates there will be cases which will
meet the judgment of two thirds ot both
branches that will require the remission of
that in part, and that such cases must addiess
themselves to the sound discretion and judg-
ment of two thirds of both branches. The
Committee of Elections, when this ease was
before them, were of the unanimous opinion
this of all others was one of these cases, k
went to the other branch and anew committee,
having no connection with this Committee ot
Elections, examined the casecJe rtoro, and emtio
to the same conclusion in the light ot this con-
stitutional amendment; and it passed the Sen-
ate with only five dissenting votes.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hope my col-
league will have a call of the yeas and nays,
and that he wiil also favor the House and
country with the reasons which operate in ex-
empting this individual.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose a division will
answer as well as the yeas and nays.
Mr. MULLINS. Let us have the yeas and
nays by all means.
Mr. DA WES. On the question of the reasons
which induced the committee to report this
resolution, they have been already given when
my colleague on the committee, as the House
as well as the committee regret, was absent
on account of ill-health. When this matter
was before the House it was spread upon the
record in the Globe at great length. I have
no hesitation in rehearsing it before the House,
but I apprehend the House, who heard me then,
are satisfied with the reasons then given.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I did not know
that my colleague had explained it before.
Mr. DAWES. As to inj own position in
this matter 
Mr. MULLINS. Allow me.
Mr. DAWES. In a moment.
Mr. Speaker, I would not ask the House to
vote upon such a proposition unless 1 had my-
self a good reason that I was willing to put
upon the record and stand by: and I so stated
at that time and put the reasons that actuated
the committee upon the record, and more than
three fourths of the House pronounced them
satisfactory. I hope, therefore, there will be
no occasion for consuming further time. 1 will
now call for the previous question.
Mr. MULLINS. _ I thought you were going
to give me a few minutes?
