1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I was willing, at all events, to report it with the
other amendments recommended by us for the
consideration of the House. I regard this sec-
tion, however, as exceptional and experimental,
and as an independent proposition! would not
vote for it. As the vote, however, on the
amendment on yesterday was so decidedly in
favor of something more stringent on this sub-
ject of the manufacture and sale of whisky, I
felt it my duty as a member of this committee
of conference to defer so far as I possibly could
to what seemed to be the sentiment of the
House. In agreeing to this report, therefore,
I have endeavored to execute rather what
might be called the order of the House, instead
of insisting on my own views regarding the sec-
tion to which I have referred.
Mr. SCHENCK resumed the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. My question is this.: whether
under this provision, if distilled spirits shipped
from the rural districts, say from Ohio, are
sold in New York for less than the tax imposed
by law, the distilleries in New York, as well as
in the rural districts where the spirits so sold
were manufactured, are all liable to be seized
and closed ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The provision relates to
the collection district where for a period of ten
days whisky is sold for less than the amount
of the tax. When that is the ease it is to he
considered a reason for closing all the distil-
leries in the district.
Mr. HOLMAN. The distilleries in the col-
lection district wdiere those sales are made?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, thai is all.
Mr. HOLMAN. It does not affect the dis-
trict where the whisky so sold was made?
Mr. SCHENCK. Only the collection dis-
trict where the sales are made. I have not
intended any attack or reflection upon any
particular part of the country, nor have I in-
tended to draw any invidious distinction between
the cities and the rural districts. This pro-
vision is general in its application; it applies
to every district, wherever it may be, in which
there are distilleries, and where whisky is thus
sold.
I might perhaps adopt the idea of an old
friend of mine, that the only true way to keep
the country pure, so far as the morality and
virtue of cities and rural districts are con-
cerned, was'.to burn down every city as soon as
it had attained a j>opulation of one hundred
thousand and start afresh. But I am not pre-
pared to go that far yet.
Mr. EGGLESTON. Will my colleague
[Mr. Schexck] allow me to make a single sug-
gestion ?
Mr. SCHENCIL Certainly.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I want to have my col-
league, who has had this matter under consid-
eration for so long a time, tell the House how
these distilleries are to be opened again, after
they have been closed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, under this provision. And ,
then I want to ask him what is to prevent an
evil-disposed person causing the distilleries in
a particular district to be closed at any time.
For instance, a gentleman owns a distillery in
a certain district; the whisky dealers con-
clude they will stop that distillery, and there-
upon they commence selling a little whisky
every day and continue to sell for ten days for
a less price than the amount of the tax. Un-
der this provision the Commissioner would be
required to pounce down upon that distillery
and all the other distilleries in the district and
close them. Then the whisky speculators would
put up the price and make money on their
whisky. Now, I want to know what there is
to prevent that.
Mr. SCHENCK. If I understand this cate-
chism of my colleague, it is double-barreled.
{Laughter.] The first question is how the
distilleries shall be started again. Well, it is
provided that they shall be closed until the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall per-
mit them to resume operations, and that, of
course, depends upon the removal to his satis-
faction of the cause. That is specially pro-
vided for in this bill.
In the next place, my colleague desires to
know how we shall prevent collusion between
the whisky dealers to shut up the distillers.
My first reply is that this whisky " ring" gen-
erally includes distillers, dealers, and all; but
if rogues should fall out—if the dealers should
go to work against the distillers and the dis-
tillers against the dealers, instead of working,
as heretofore, into each other's hands—then I
think honest men would be more likely to get
their rights. But, sir, I do not think a proceed-
ing of the kind described would be very practi-
cable. It is not very easy for one or two persons
in any district to control the selling price, the
market value, of an article ; and if they could
do so the worst consequence that could pos-
sibly follow would be that the distilleries there
would be closed; and I do not think there need
be any very great number of tears shed on that
account. [Laughter.]
Mr. EGGLESTON. I would like to ask my
colleague one other question. How does he
reconcile the provisions of this bill with jus-
tice, when an honest man, (if there is such a one
in the whisky business,) a man manufacturing
spirits without violating any law, may have his
establishment closed up because a few rascals,
for the purpose of speculation, combine to-
gether and put, down the price of whisky?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will answer the gentle-
man in this way: it costs, upon an average,
thirty cents to produce a gallon of whisky.
The tax upon it is two dollars. Under the
most favorable circumstances, then, whisky
ought to bring about two dollars and thirty
cents or more per gallon. Now, sir, when we
find in any part of the country distilleries run-
ning while whisky is selling around them at
less than two dollars a gallon, i would not be
afraid to adopt the rule of evidence which met
the approval of the House the other day and
take this circumstance as proof in itself of the
existence of fraud which ought to be stopped.
The Senate, though not willing to go so far as
that, have gone so far as to say that, if under
those circumstances distilleries are being run,
it is sufficient to justify the Government in re-
quiring its officers to close up the distilleries
until the thing has been investigated. It may
be that some innocent, pious distiller [laugh-
ter] might be injured by such a proceeding;
but that will be a very exceptional case. And
my impression is that where there will be one
instance of wrong done to an innocent, God-
fearing distiller there will be some measure of
justice visited upon a dozen rogues.
Mr. VAN WYCIC. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question with reference to the
practical operation of this bill apart from the
consideration of the guilt or innocence of the
distillers. If a person for any reason desires
to do injustice to the distillers in a particular
.collection district, to make them the victims
of his spite, can he not take one barrel of
whisky into that district and sell five gallons
per day for ten successive days at §1 75 per
gallon? And docs it not follow under this
bill that every distillery in that district must
be closed up? If this be so, is it just?
Mr. SCHENCK. I did no.t expect to elicit
this defense of the distillers, especially from
that quarter. [Laughter.] But still the gen-
tleman mistakes very much both the language
and the spirit of the bill when he puts that
construction upon it. It is not the mere fact
of a sale of distilled spirits that is to have the
effect referred to. The provision in question
is to take effect when in any district spirits shall
be "selling" (using the participle to indicate
the sale as a continuous thing) at a market
price below a certain standard. And I have
no apprehension that the sale of a gallon, or
even of a barrel, would by any proper construc-
tion bring the distiller within this law. Be-
sides, it is to be continuous selling.
Mr. VAN WYCK._ I ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether this language is not liable
to the construction I have put on it? Is not
that a construction which could be nut upon
this bill ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I think not.
Mr. VAN WYCK. If that construction can
be put upon it then it ought to be corrected
right here.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think there is
any doubt about it. I do not think any man
could so misunderstand it.
There are two other words: if they shall be
found selling "directly or indirectly." The
reason for that will be manifest to any one who
knows how these frauds are conducted. Whisky
is selling to-day in Philadelphia at less than a
dollar. It has been openly advertised at from
ninety to ninety-five cents; and it is advertised
to-day, I believe, at less than a dollar, because
of the enormous amount of fraud being com-
mitted in that city. Well, sir, notwithstanding
that, it is not probable there has been a large
amount of whisky at any time which upon its
face did not appear to be from $2 25, $2 30,
and $2 40 per gallon so as to look fair. Why?
Because apart of the mode of committing these
frauds is to have a false bill of sale; ana while
they sell directly or indirectly for less than
one dollar, they have by indirection furnished
whisky on a false bill of sale innrder to deceive
any one who may inspect the whisky that it
has sold for more than the cost and tax.
So far as the market value is concerned, I will
remark again to the gentleman that the market
price in a locality is not ever fixed by a single
sale. What is called the market price is the
aggregate of sales which happen at that place.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a question.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. ITUNTER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether there is a provision in the bill as
now reported to prevent distillers from com-
bining not to sell liquor in the district where
it is manufactured, but to take it abroad for
sale? Is there anything to prevent that?
Mr. SCHENCK. There is no such provision
in this proposition. It is not a general law in
regard to the sale of whisky. If they combine
to sell it somewhere else at a less price a com-
bination would have to be necessary to com-
plete it with some officer of the Government,
and I will show the gentleman what is provided
for in the next section.
Mr. HUNTER. I will ask the gentleman
another question with his permission.
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly, when I get
through with my answer to the ono you have
already asked.
It is suggested to me if there were distillers
at the place where the sale was to take place
under a combination there would be no one so
much interested in preventing the combination
as the distillers who were imposed upon by the
distillers of another district. If we bring about
a condition of things in setting distillers to
watch distillers and dealers to watch dealers I
apprehend there is a great deal gained for the
benefit of the Government by such a provision
of law.
Mr. HUNTER. The other question is
whether there is any provision in reference to
whisky manufactured and upon which the tax
has been paid ?
Mr. SCHENCK. This is not a general
whisky law. It is not a law generally in regard
to distilled spirits, as the House well under-
stands. If there be whisky with the tax paid
or unpaid on the market it will, of course, affect
that condition of things this bill is intended to
reaca.
Gentlemen are very much afraid these dis-
tillers, who by law ought to be paying two
dollars a gallon on whisky, will have some
great wrong done to them. All that we ask
is that they shall be held to a rigid application
of the law. Sir, whisky is selling at from one
dollar to one dollar and a half per gallon,
when the tax is two dollars per gallon. _ Now,
how can a distiller, satisfactorily to his own
conscience, carry on business when he knows
he must pay two dollars a gallon tax ana yet
sell it for one dollar? I ask how can he carry
