116
SUPPLEMENT TO
to offer these forms in evidence, but I will not
read them unless you desire.
Mr. STANBERY. You will allow us to
ask some questions first, I suppose.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Certainly.
Cross-examined by Mr. Stanbery :
Question. Mr. Chew, as I understand you,
the old form contained this clause, "said
officer to hold and exercise the office during
the pleasure of the President of the United
States for the time being." That was the old
form ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. A.nd I understand you that the
■words "during the pleasure of the President
of the United States for the time being" are
now left out, and the words " subject to the
conditions prescribed by law" are inserted?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Have you ever changed one of
your plates or forms so as to introduce in place
of what was there before these words, "to
hold until removed by the President, with the
consent of the Senate?"
Answer. No, sir.
Question. You never have?
Answer. We never have.
Question. Let me ask you if any commission
lias been issued to a head of Department differ-
ent from those that you issued before the ten-
ure-of-office act ? Has any commission since
that act been issued to a head of Department ?
Aiiswer. I am not aware of any. I brought
no forms of commission to a head of Depart-
ment, and did not examine that question.
Question. Have you a separate plate for the
commission of a head of Department?
Answer. I cannot answer that question.
Question. But you recollect no instance in
which any change has been made there ?
Answer. I do not.
By Mr. Manager Butleb :
Question. Has there been any commission
issued to a head of Department since March 2,
18U7?
Answer. I do not recollect at this moment.
Mi-. Manager BUTLER. Then, of course,
there is no change.
Mr. STANBEIIY. Of course not; that is
what we have proved.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Hand to the Clerk all the forms you have
brought with you. We offer them in evidence.
The forms offered in evidence are as follows:
Temporary Commission of Deputy Postmaster—Old
Form. In the form now used, the words in brackets
are omitted, and thexcords " subject to the conditions
proscribed by law" inserted.
the said •
■sfor theterm of-
-, subj ect to
President of the United States of America:
To all who shall see these presents* greeting:
Know ye, that, reposing special trust and confi-
dence in the integrity, ability, and punctuality of
   I do appoint deputy postmaster
 , and do authorize and empower him to execute
and fulfill the duties of that olfice according to law;
and to have and to hold the said office, with all tho
powers, privileges, and emoluments to the same of
right appertaining unto himthesaid  [dur-
ing the pleasure of the President of the United States
for the time being, and] until the end of the next
session of the Senate of the United States, and no
longer.
In testimony whereof I have caused these letter.*
to be made patent, and the seal of the United States
to be hereunto affixed.
Given under my hand, at tho city of Washington,
the — day of , in the year of our Lord
one thousand eight hundred and  , and
of the independence of the United States of
America the   .
By the President:
Lh. 8.1
Secretary of State.
Nan Form Permanent Poitmaste)—No Form of old
Commission in the Uepicrtment.
Ptesident of the United Statea of America :
To <dl who <shall see these presents, greeting :
Know ye, that, reposing special trust and confi-
dence m the integrity, ability, and punctuality of
   I have nominated, and by and with the
udviee and consent of the Senate do appoint, —-
deputy postmaster , and do authorize and em-
power him to execute and fulfill the duties of thai
office according to law; and to have and to hold the
said office, wiili all the powers, privileges, and emol-
uments to the same of right appertaining unto iiim
the conditions prescribed by law.
In testimony whereof I nave caused these letters
to be made patent, and the seal of the United States
hereunto affixed.
Given under my hand, at the city of Washington,
the — day of , in the year of our Lord
one thousand eight hundred and , and of
the independence of the United States of
America the .
By the President:
[l. s.]
Secretcu-y of State.
[Postmasters are appointed for four years.
The words " unless the President of the United
States for the time being should be pleased
sooner to revoke and determine this commis-
sion," are now omitted, and the words "sub-
ject to the conditions prescribed by law"
inserted.]
iWto Form Temporary Commission of Marshal and At-
torney. In Commissions of Marshal " diligence" is
used instead of " learning."
President of the United States of America:
To all who shall see these presents, greeting:
Know ye, that reposing special trust and confidence
in the integrity, ability, and learning of ,
I do appoint him to be Attorney of the United States
tor the , and do authorize'and empower him to
execute and fulfill the duties of that office according
to law; and to have and to hold the said office, with
all the powers, privileges, and emoluments thereunto
legally appertaining unto him. the said ,
[until the end of the next session of the Senate of the
United States, and no longer;] subject to the condi-
tions prescribed by law.
In testimony whereof I have caused these letters
to be made patent, and the seal of the United States
to be hereunto affixed.
Given under my hand, at the city of Washington,
the — day of ——, in the year of our Lord
fj „ i ono thousand eight hundred and , and of
L the independence of tho United States of
America the .
By the President:
Secretary of State.
[Old form; " During the pleasure of the
President of the United States for the time
being, and until the end of the next session of
the Senate of the United States and no longer,"
instead of the words in brackets irt the a bove
form.]
Neto Form—Permanent Marshals and Attorneys.
President of the United States of America:
To all who shall see these presents, greeting:
Know ye, that, reposing special trust.and confi-
dencein the integrity, ability, and , I have
nominated, and, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, do appoint him of the
United States m and for the , and do au-
thorize and empower him to execute and fulfill the
duties of that office accoiding to law; and to have
and to hold the said office, with all the powers, priv-
ileges, and emoluments to the same, of right apper-
taining unto him, the said for the term
of , subject to tho conditions prescribed
by law.
In testimony whereof I have caused these letters
to be mnd« patent, and the seal of the United States
to be hereunto affixed.
Given under my hand, at the city of Washington,
the —day of , in the year of our Lord
r i one thousand eight hundred and . and of
L ' &'J the independence of the United States of
America the  
By the President:
Secretary of State.
[This commission is used for attorneys and
marshals. The term of service is four years.
The words "unless the President of the Uni-
ted States for the time being should be pleased
to revoke and determine this commission " are
now stricken out, and the words "subject to
the conditions prescribed by law " are in-
serted.]
Form of Commission for Judges. Answers for per-
manent or temporary.
President of theUnited States of America:
To <ill who shall see these presents, greeting:
Know ye, thatreposingspecial trust and confidence
in tho wisdom, uprightness, and learning of
I do authorize^ and empower him to exe-
cute and fulfill the duties of that office according to
tue Constitution and laws of the United States, and
to have and to hold the said office with all the powers,
privileges, and emoluments to the same of right ap-
pertaining unto him the said —.
Jn testimony whereof I have caused these letters
to be made patent, and the seal of the United States
to be hereunto affixed.
Given under my hand, at the city of Washington,
the — day of , in the year of our Lord
[l. s.]  , and of the independence of theUnited
States of America the .
By the President:
Secretary of State,
[In case of judges of Territories the words
" subject to the conditions prescribed bylaw,"
are inserted. This commission is used for
judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States, judges of district courts and Territo-
ries, and is temporary or permanent, as the
case may be.]
Form of New Commission of Secretaries of Legation
used either %n the recess or session of the Senate.
President of the United States of America:
greeting :
To 
Reposing special trust and confidence in your in-
tegrity, prudence, and ability, I do appoint (or nomi-
nate) —■ secretary of the legation of the
United States of America  , authorizing you,
hereby, to do and perform all such matters and things
as to the said place or office doth appertain, or as may
be duly given you in charge hereafter, and the same
to hold and exercise, subject to the conditions pre-
scribed by law.
In testimony whereof I have caused the seal of
the United States to be hereunto affixed.
Given under my hand, at the city of Washington,
the — day of , in the year of our Lord one
C i thousand eight hundred and , and of the
ll. s.j independence of the United States of America
the .
By the President:
Secretary of State.
[The "words during the pleasure of the
President of the United States for the time
being" were formerly used.]
Old Temporary Consular Commission.
The President of the United States of America :
To all who shall see these presents, greeting:
Know ye, that reposing special trust and confi-
dence in the abilities and integrity of , I do
appoint him consul of the United States of America
 and such other parts asshall benearer thereto
than to the residence of any other consul or vice consul
jf theUnited States, within the same allegiance; and
do authorize and empower him to have and to hold
the said office, and to exercise arid enjoy all the rights,
preeminences, privileges, and authorities to the same
of right appertaining, [during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident of the United States for the time being, and]
until the end of the next session of the Senate of tho
United States, and no longer, he demanding and re-
ceiving no fees or perquisites of office whatever which
shall not be expressly established by some law of the
United States, And I do hereby enjoin all captains,
masters, and commanders of ships and other vessels,
armed or unarmed, sailing under tho flag of tho said
States, as well as al 1 other of their citizens, to acknowl-
edge and consider him, the said , accord-
ingly. And 1 do hereby pray and request , gov-
ernors and officers, to permit the said fully
and peaceably to enjoy and exercise the said office
without giving, or suffering to be given unto him, any
molestation or trouble; but, on the contrary, to afford
him all proper countenance and assistance; I offer-
ing to do the same for all those who shall, in like
manner, be recommended to mo by .
In testimony whereof I have caused these letters to
bo made patent, and the seal of the United States to
be hereunto affixed.
Given under my hand, at the city of Washington,
the — day of , in the year of our Lord one
r thousand eight hundred and , and of tho
1 fc,J indcpendenceoftheUnited States of America
the .
By the President:
Secretary of State.
[The words in brackets have been omitted
since the passage of the tenure-of-office acts.]
New Permanent Consular Commissions.
The President of the United States of America:
To all who shall see these presents, greeting :
Know ye, that reposing special trust and confi-
dence in the abilities and integrity of , I
have nominated, and by and with the advice and
con,sent of the Senate do appoint him, . of
tho United States of America  and such other
parts as shall be nearer thereto than to the residence
of, any other consul or vice consul of the United
States within the same allegiancc ; and do authorize
and empower him to have and to hold the said
olfice, and to exercise and enjoy all the rights, pre-
eminences, privileges, and authorities to tho same of
right appertaining, subject to the conditions pre-
scribed by law; the said    demanding
and receiving no fees or perquisites of office what-
ever which shall not be expressly established by
some law of the United States. And 1 do hereby
enjoin all captains, masters, and commanders of
ships and other vessels, armed or unarmed, sailing
under the flag of the said States, as well as all other
