1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
tion—that this is such a case; and that brings
me to the real question. There is no constitu-
tional difficulty; there is no legal difficulty.
We are the first, last, and sole judges of the
question; and that question is, whether it is
plain, as my friend from Maine says, that this
man possesses the disqualification which we
have a right to judge of, under the Constitu-
tion and the laws, of having given any aid,
counsel, or encouragement to the enemies of
his country. That is the question, sir.
This statute, Mr. President—for I must say
a word upon that—was not intended to be a
mere mummery, a solemn kind of a-sham, by
which we had tied ourselves up to sit here in
patient silence and disgust at seeing a man, who
clearly was committing perjury when he took
that oath, walk up to your desk and take it.
It would be disgraceful to our common sense
to suppose that this body and the other body
and the President had enacted a law which
was to leave the first, last, and exclusive test
of itself to the decision of the party to whom
it was to apply. It is true in the case of most
official oaths, I confess, that we cannot judge
in advance whether the oath is to be violated
or not; and the reason is obvious enough to
every intelligent man that most official oaths
are merely promissory; they are only the
pledge of fidelity of future good faith on the
part of the persons who take them. What is
this oath? This contains a recitation of the
liistory of a man—a matter of fact, of which
others can judge quite as well and often much
better than himself, as to the true nature and
effect of the facts that he professes to recite.
Therefore, when Senators remember that in
this oath there is contained not merely the
promise of fidelity in the performance of his
duty, but also the solemn denial of his having
committed certain crimes against the United
States, is it to be said that we are to sit here,
knowing that he has committed those crimes
upon his own confession before a committee,
upon proof of his accomplices, patient and
dumb, waiting to see him swear that he has
not? Sir, it would be monstrous.
Then the question is, what has he done?
We may take it to be now confessed or proved
that if he has given aid, counsel, or encourage-
ment to persons engaged in armed hostility to
the United States he has denounced upon
himself the penalties of this law and the just
exercise of our high constitutional powers of
exclusion, and does not become entitled to
admission here. About the middle of Decem-
ber, X8C0, he became the Secretary of the
Treasury, and he took then, as I suppose, the
oath that the Constitution requires such officers
to take, that he would faithfully maintain that
Constitution and perform his duties as an
adviser of the President. He promised then
fidelity to it and fidelity in the performance of
his official duties. What was the condition of
the country at that time when he went into the
Department? .It will repay the patience of the
Senate to recall, after these six or seven years,
the events that were going on at that time, and
especiaHy those that were taking place in im-
mediate connection with the fact of this man's
conduct prior to and his resignation of that
office on tho 11th of January, 1861. On the
2d of December, 18C0, which was a little before
this gentleman went into th« Treasury Depart-
ment, the secession ordinance passed the con-
vention of South Carolina by a unanimous vote,
and this is the account that the Rebellion Rec-
ord, made up from the papers of the time,
gives of it:
" In the midst of a crowd of over three thousand
peopio collected in Secession Hall at Charleston this
evening the ordinance of secession was duly signed
and sealed by the members of the convention, in©
occasion was one of the greatest solemnity at somo
of its periods, and of the 'wildest excitement at
others."
Under date of December 22,1860,1 find the
following :
"The Charleston Mercury insists that the Presi-
dent will notree'nforcothe garrison at Fort Moultrie.
* The reehforeement of theforts at this time and under
present circumstances,' says that paper, 'means co-
ercion—war. When tho forts are demanded and
refused-to bo delivered up to those in whom is vested
.the title of eminont domain, and for whoso protection
and defense alone they were ceded and built up; and
when, the Federal (government showing a hostile
purpose, it shall become necessary and proper for us
to obtain possession, then it will bo right for the world
and black Republicanism to expect that the State, by
her authorities, will move in the premises. The peo-
ple will obey the call for war and take the forts.'"
I should say here—and I hope the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
is not out of the Chamber, for I have some-
thing to say to him—that on the 21st of De-
cember, after what I have now read had trans-
pired, Mr. Edwin M. Stanton became a mem-
ber of the Cabinet in place of Attorney Gen-
eral Black, who had been .transferred to the
State Department to succeed General Cass,
who before that time was Secretary of State.
Under date of the 24th of December, 1860,
there appears this paragraph, and it has rela-
tion to the conduct of the Cabinet:
"Excitement at Pittsburg-, Pennsylvania, in con-
sequence of a report that the artillery at tho Alle-
ghany arsenal was to bo transferred to new forts in
the Southwest. A call is in circulation, addressed to
the mayor, to convene a meeting of tho citizens to
take action in tho matter. The call is signed by
prominent men of all parties. Tho feeling against
allowing a guu to bo removed South is almost unan-
imous."
The papers of the time—and I wish my
friend from Wisconsin, if he is in the Cham-
ber, to know it—show that that meeting was
called and that that action was taken with the
knowledge—I will not say at the instigation,
but with the assent—of Mr. Stanton, who, it
is said or insinuated by the honorable Senator,
was at that time in treasonable complicity with
a gentleman named Brown, a Senator, who was
about going out. On the 2Gth of December,
18G0, .Fort Moultrie was evacuated j and this
has some bearing also upon what my friend
from Illinois said on the subjcct of whether war
existed at the time when Mr. Thomas resigned
his position as Secretary of the Treasury.
"December 2G.-—Port Moultrie was evacuated to-
night. Previous to the evacuation the guns wore
spiked and the carriages destroyed by hre. The
troops have all been con\ eytd to Fort Sumter."
It was done, as you all know, in the night
time. On the 28th of December, 18G0, it is
stated:
" Early this afternoon tho palmetto flag was raised
over the custom-house and post oiftce at Charleston;
and to-night Castle Pincicney and Fort Moultrie
have been taken possession of by the South Carolina
military. These forts are held under instructions
from Governor Pickens, who authorizes their peace-
able possession, for the protection of the Govern-
ment property. Castlo Pmckney and Port Moultrie
were held by a very small force, which surrendered
without collision."
Under date of December 29, 18G0, it is here
stated—it was a little earlier than that; 1 think
on the 27th of December—
" John B. Floyd resigned his position as Secretary
of War, owing to the refusal of the President to
withdraw tho Federal troops from the forts at
Charleston."
Under date of December 31 it is stated:
"The South Carolina troops took possession of the
aiscnal at Charleston. The arsenal contains many
thousand arms and military stores. Military prep-
arations are actively and zealously progressing."
In another place, just about this date, it is
stated;
"It is now well known that military companies
have been organized and drilled for months past in
Maryland and Virginia—some oi them under the eye
of an officer of the regular Army—and that the dis-
tinct object of their organization is to aid in the seiz-
ure of "Washington city, in tho interests of the dis-
unionists, or the pievcntlon by force of Lincoln's
inauguration/'
Under date of the 2d of January, 18G1, ap-
pears this paragraph:
"The steam frigate Brooklyn and another vessel
at'NoYtolk. are ordered to be in readiness for imme-
diate departure to Charleston. The secession lead-
ers discovered the intention to start these vessels,
and notified their sympathizers at Norfolk to havej.
minute-men ready to seize them if they attempted
to go to sea. lho Administration is on the watch to
prevent it."
Again:
"A letter received in Washington from Alabama
states the secession sentiment to be utterly uncon-
trollable, and says that, in the event of tho firing of
a single gun in opposition to disunion 4 Mr. Lineoiu's
life will not bo worth a week's purchase.'"
Under the same date is the following:
" Intelligence is reeoived in Washington that Fort
Sumter is besieged; that all Major Anderson's com-
munications are cutoff; that Fort Moultrie has been
completely repaired and the guns remounted"—
That is, by the South Carolina military—
" and that everything is in readiness to open a fire
on Major Anderson. New batteries are being erected
around him by the secessionists/'
tinder date of the 7th of January, 1861, there
is this paragraph:
"Steamship Star of the West,*Uaptain McGowanr
cleaied at New York for Havana and New Orleans.
Two hundred and fifty artillerists and marines, with
stores and ammunition, were put on board in the
lower bay by steam-tug, and in the night the ship
went to sea, supposed to be destined for Charleston."
Under date of January 9, 1861, *two days
before Mr. Philip F. Thomas resigned his
position in the Treasury, I find the following:
" At half-past seven a.m. the steamship Star of the
West was signaled at the entrance of Charleston
harbor. As she made her way toward Port Sumter
a shot was sent across her bow from a battery on
Morris' island, when she-displayed the United States
flag, and was repeatedly firod into from the Morris'
island battery and from Fort Moultrie. Her course
was then altered, and she again put to sea. Chms
were run out at Fort Sumter, but none were fired,
Ateleven o'clock Major Anderson sent a flag,with a
communication, to Governor Pickens, to inquire if
this act had the sanction of the State government;
was informed that it had, and thereupon sent aspeciar
messenger to Washington with dispatches/'
" January 10.~~An intense excitement at Charleston
on account of a rumor that the sloop-of-war Brook-
lyn was dispatched for that place. Great prepara-
tions are made to receive her. The buoys in the
harbor are removed and threats are made to fire on
the ship."
On the 11th of January Mr. Thomas appears
on the scene in a public way:
Washington, D. C., January 11,1861.
My Dear Sir: It has not been in my power, as
you are aware, to agree with you and with a major-
ity of your constitutional advisers in the measures
which have been adopted in reference to the present
condition of things in South Carolina; nordolthink
it at all probable that I shall be able to concurin the
views whieh you entertain, so far as I understand
them, touching the authority under existing laws to
enforce the collection of the customs at the port of
Charleston*
. Under such circumstances, after mature considera-
tion, I have concluded that I cannot longer continue
in your Cabinet without embarrassment to you and
an exposure of myself to the just criticism of those
who are acquainted with my opinions upon the sub-
ject. I thercioro deem it proper to tender my resig-
nation of the commission I now hold as Secretary of
the Treasury, to take effect when my successor shall
bo appointed and qualified. In doing so I avail my-
seli of the occasion to offer you the assurance of the
high respect and regard which, personally, I enter-
tain for you, and with which,
I have the honor to be your friend and obedient
servant,
_ PHILIP F. THOMAS.
The PBESIDE2?*.
^ The Cabinet at that time was composed of
six members. General Dix at that time had
not yet entered the Treasury Department, and.
there was one vacancy. Mr. Holt was perform-
ing the double duty of Postmaster General and
Secretary of War, I think, at that time. Mr.
Floyd went out on the '28th of December.
There were Mr. Toucey, Mr. Black, Mr. Holt,
Mr. Thomas, Mr. Thompson, and Mr. Stanton.
Anybody who will look at the newspapers of
that day, the daily papers of this city, will see
that during that week of excitement and of
crisis, when the greatquestion was whetherthe
Government should fall to pieces or be turned
over to the rebels before President Lincoln
could be inaugurated, the daily papers of that
time here in Washington will show you just
now and where every member of that Cabinet
stood upon that great and important question.
Upon one side there were Mr. Stanton, Mr.
Holt, and Mr. Black, devoting all the energy
that they had to induce the President the
United States to defend the flag of his country
the symbol of its sovereign law. Upon the
other side were Mr. Thomas, Mr. Thompson,
and about half-way Mr. Toucey, doing all that
vent his lifting a finger in any manner to main-
tain thojawsof the United States, when already
a rebellion had broken out in South Carolina,
the forts of the Government, its arsenals, its
treasure, and Its public stores had been seized,
