4222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
And provided further, That this shall bp in full for
ail income taxes arising out of said public securities.
The CHAIKMAN. Debate is exhausted
upon the amendments now pending.
Mr. PIKE. Then I move to strike out the
last word of my substitute for the purpose of
making some remarks. The question now
before the committee is practically between
the proposition of the Committee of Ways and
Means, as explained by the chairman, [Mr.
Sciienck,] and the substitute therefor which I
have submitted. The difference is in relation
to the taxation of foreigners. The proposition
I submit makes no distinction between resi-
dents and foreigners, so far as this tax is con-
cerned. The proposition of the Committee
of Ways and Means makes a distinction; it
proposes to tax residents, but not to tax for-
eigners. Upon that subject I have this to say :
1 have examined with great cure Sir Robert
Peel's law of 1842; and I have examined with
equal care Mr. Gladstone's law of 1858. I
have here a resume of both those income laws,
and from end to end of either of those laws
there is no exemption of foreigners. There
are five exemptions in the English law. But
the only foreigner exempted from the tax is
the minister resident of a foreign Power. If
he owns any British bonds he is exempted from
taxation. But everybody else is liable to tax-
ation under that law. I have in this substitute
followed the English law in that particular, and
also in another particular; and that is this:
the English rule is to collect the tax at the
bank of everybody when the coupon or the
interest is paid. 3f anybody comes within the
exemption he is refunded the amount; but the
collection is first made, and then refunded.
Now, I have provided that the Secretary of
the Treasury may make regulations for that
purpose. The object of the proposition is ap-
parent that wo shall not for the payment of the
tax trust simply to the consciences of persons
holding these bonds, but that the payment shall
be made first, and then any man coming within
the exemption may show it by some simple
means and have the amount of the tax repaid
to him.
Mr. MA.YNARD. I desire, to ask the gen-
tleman whether during the entire war it was
not the constant policy of the Government to
avoid negotiating a foreign loan ; whether it is
not a fact that we did not negotiate any such
loan, and wheLher all bonds held by foreigners
are not now in second hands, the present hold-
ers having taken them subject to the same bur-
dens aud responsibilities to which they were
subject in the hands of the orignal holders.
Mr. PIKE. That is quite true, and 1 will
state another fact, that the proposition was
repeatedly submitted to this House to make
our bonds payable in London and Frankfort,
and the House always refused to assent to any
such proposition.
Mr. MAYNARD. The point of my inquiry
is this: whether the foreign holder of our bonds
stands in any better attitude, is protected by
any higher equity than any of our own citizens
who may hold these bonds 1
Mr. PIKE. Not a particle. The House
will bear in mind, also, that more than one half
the bonded debt, of this country has been taken
since Lee surrendered at Appomatox (Jourt-
Iiouse; and nine tenths of that debt—yes, more
than nine tenths of it—lias been taken since the
rebellion was virtually overcome at Gettysburg
and at Yicksburg.
Mr. LOGAN. I like very much the substi-
tute of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,]
but 1 would suggest to him that its language
may be made more explicit by inserting after
the word "person'' the words "whatever,
either citizen, alien, or foreigner."
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Bctleb] aud myself, in drawing
this language originally, followed the phrase-
ology o!' the English law.
Mr. LOGAN. The words I suggest will not
do any harm, and will make the provision more
explicit, so that the people of the country may
have no difficulty ill understanding its object.
Mr. ALLISON. I suggest to the gentleman
from Maine the propriety of striking out " se-
curities" and inserting " obligations," making
the phrase read "interest-bearing obligations
of the United States."
Mr. PIKE. I have no objection to that. I
modify my amendment by striking out the
word "securities" and inserting in its place
the word "obligations."
I Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENTON. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Pike] maintains that, so far as this ques-
tion is concerned, there should be no distinc-
tion between our own citizen and the foreign
bondholder. Now, sir, as regards myself, if
honorably and without exceeding our legal
authority we can tax the foreigner I should be
glad to make him assist in paying off our debt.
But, sir, to my mind there appears to be a
wide distinction between the position of our
own citizen, who is in duty bound to contribute
to the maintenance and support of this Gov-
ernment, and the position of the foreigner who
merely holds the evidence of the indebtedness
of the Government. I think there is a wide
distinction between the taxation imposed on
railroad corporations, steamboat companies,
&c., whose property is within the limits of the
United States, and the taxation of the mere
naked obligations of the Government. The
Government has issued its obligations to pay
a certain amount of money and a certain rate
of interest; and now it is maintained by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dotler]
and other gentlemen, that we can turn round
aud say to tlie foreign creditor, (this is the plain
English of it,) " We will pay you a portion of
the interest, but another portion we will deduct
and call it taxes." Gentlemen think they are
going to make a good deal of popularity out
of such propositions; but if I am not greatly
mistaken, the high sense of honor which has
always distinguished the American nation will
never countenance any such picayune repudia-
tion. If Ibelieved that we have the right to tax
the foreign creditor I would vote to tax him;
but 1 do not believe any such thing. 1 believe
it is true now, as it was when it was first de-
clared in thein'ancyof this nation, that tax-
ation and representation should ever be re-
garded as inseparable. Some gentlemen may
attempt to make capital out of propositions
such as that now betore us; but 1 would not,
for the sake of saving to the Government tens
or hundreds or thousands of millions, saciilice
the honor, the integrity, the high standing of
this Government before the nations of the
world. 1 believe every single cent we gain
by sacrificing our national honor we lose im-
mensely, immeasurably. I do not believe in
any demagogical scheme. I believe in equal,
just, and impartial taxation as far as we
can. I do not believe in any repudiating
schemes.
Mr. LOGAN. I have heard this charge of
repudiation very often in this House by gen-
tlemen who perhaps understand it, and per-
haps they do not. Does the gentleman con-
sider taxation repudiation?
Mr. BENTON. Not at all. Now, let me
ask the gentleman a question. What right
has the gentleman to tax foreigners to support
our Government?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCIIEN OK. 1 ask the House to agree
to stop the debate on this section. If I cannot
get unanimous consent 1 will move that the
committee rise.
Mr. INGEIISOLL. I object.
Mr. SGHENCK. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Pome-
bo i' reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the special order under considera-
tion, being Senate bill No. 207, for funding the
national debt, and for the conversion of the
notes of the United States, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
GKEAT AND LITTLE OSAGE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a message from the
President of the United States in answer to a
resolution of the House, transmitting docu-
ments in reference to the treaty with the Great
and Little Osage Indians; which were referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
Experience has fully demonstrated the wis-
dom of the framers of the Federal Constitu-
tion. Under all circumstances the result of
their labors was as near an approximation to
perfection as was compatible with the fallibil-
ity of man. Such being the estimation in
which the Constitution is and has ever been
held by our countrymen, it is not surprising
that any proposition for its alteration or amend-
ment should be received with reluctance and
distrust. While this sentiment deserves com-
mendation and encouragement as a useful pre-
ventive of unnecessary attempt to change its
provisions, it must be conceded that time has
developed imperfections and omissions in the
Constitution the reformation of which has
been demanded by the best interests of the
country. Some of these have been remedied
in the manner provided in the Constitution
itself. There are others which, although here-
tofore brought to the attention of the people,
have never been so presented as to enable the
popular judgment to determine whether they
should be corrccted by means of additional
amendments. My object in this communica-
tion is to suggest certain defects in the Con-
stitution which seem to me to require correc-
tion, and to recommend that the judgment of
the people be taken on the amendments pro-
posed.
The first of the defects to which I desire tOj
direct attention is in that clause of the Consti-
tution which provides for the election of Pres-
ident and Vice President through the inter-
vention of electors, and not by an immediate
vote of the people. The importance of so
amending this clause as to secure to the people
the election of President and Vice President
by their direct votes was urged with great ear-
nestness and ability by President Jackson in
his first annual message, and the recommenda-
tion was repeated in five of his subsequent com-
munications to Congress, extending through
the eight years of his administration. In his
message of 1829 he said :
" TcUhe people belongs the right ot electing their
Chief Magistrate; it was never designed that their
choice should in any ease be defeated, either by the
intervention of Electoral Colleges or by the agency
confided, under certain contingencies, to the House
of Representatives."
He then proceeded to state the objections to
an election of President by the House of Rep-
resentatives^ the most important of which was
that the choice of a clear majority of the peo-
ple might be easily defeated.' He then closed
the argument with the following communi-
cation :
"Iwould therefore recommend such an amend-
ment to the Constitution as may lemuve all interme-
diate agency in the election of President and Vice
1 resident. The mode may be so regulated us to pre-
serve to each State its present relative weight in the
election; and a failure in the first attempt may be
provided iur by contains the second to a choice
between the two highest candidates. In connection
with such an amendment it would seem adv isable to
limit the service ot the Chief Magistrate to a single
term of either four or year*. If, however, it
should not be adopted it is worthy of consideration
whether a provision disqualifying for office the Rep-
resentatives in Uongtessfc on whom such an election
may nave devolved would not be proper."
Although this recommendation was repeated
with undiminished earnestness in several of his
succeeding messages, yet the proposed amend-
ment was never adopted and submitted to the
people hy Congress. The danger of a defeat
of the people s choice in an election bv the
House of Kepresentatives remains unprovided
