1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. Mr. SCHENCK. Very well.
Mr. BENTON. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman how this provision in relation
to closing distilleries can have any effect in
preventing fraud, and if it would not be more
likely to lead to the illicit manufacture ot
■whisky in those districts where the distilleries
have been thus closed ?
■ Mr. SCHENCK. I have already said that
one, perhaps the most important, result of
the application of that rule, would be to
bring out of your bonded warehouses the im-
mense amount of whisky that is now shut up
•there, and which will not be removed while
the article can be supplied from other quarters.
In that way the Government will probably be
put in possession of many millions of revenue
in a very short time.
So far as regards the suggestion that this
provision may tend to foster illicit distillation,
let me say that a very earnest and I think
thorough,^at any rate a very protracted, investi-
gation has convinced me, has convinced others,
has convinced, perhaps, all the members of the
Committee of Ways and Means, that the
amount of whisky produced by illicit distilla-
tion—although there is plenty of it, compara-
tively speaking—is not that which appreciably
affects the market price of the article. But it
is the whisky produced by known distilleries
in different parts of the country which are
permitted to run, and whose product, by the
connivance of rascals in the revenue depart-
ment, is allowed to be put on the market.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mi'. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I desire to inquire if
this is the best thing which can be done at this
time? My impression is that it will have the
effect to transfer the manufacture of distilled
spirits from the districts where it is sold to dis-
tricts where it is not sold ; that the unlawful
distillation will go 011 to precisely the same
extent as heretofore; that this provision for
closing the distilleries in the district where the
distilled spirits are sold for less than a certain
price will simply cause whisky manufactured
m one district without paying the tax to be sold
in another.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the objec-
tion of the gentleman, and I make this answer
to it. In the first place, it is not conceivable
that in any district where whisky is or may be
produced it will not have a price, a market
value; and if it be driven from certain districts
to others, distilleries being set up there, the
moment it ha3 a price, the moment it has a
market value by the sales made there, it will
become subject to the provisions of this bill.
Let me further say—and this may have es-
caped the gentleman's thought—that as things
are now regulated by law the whisky must
have a price, for the tax has to be paid before
it can be removed from the distillery warehouse
for the purpose of sale or consumption; and,
of course, it is not removed from the distillery
warehouse until some provision is made for
disposing of it. The gentleman will recollect
■that by the act of 11th January last no whisky
can be removed from any warehouse, including
a distillery warehouse, for any purpose of con-
sumption or sale without the tax being first
paid on it. Hence there must be something
equivalent to a market value or price in any
place where there may be a distillery and dis-
tillery warehouse containing the whisky as it
first comes from the still, and upon which the
tax must be paid before it can be removed for
sale or consumption.
I hope, Mr. Speaker, that I have now an-
swered all the inquiries and objections which
gentlemen desire to present, and 1 call the
previous question on agreeing to the report of
the committee of conference.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the report of the committee
of conference was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to : and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
business during impeachment trial.
Mr. BOUTWE"LL. On behalf of the board
of managers of the impeachment of the Pres-
ident, I submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That after Monday next this Ilousowill
postpone action upon all matters except questions
relating to the impeachment of the President of the
United States until the conclusion of the trial now
pending before the Senate.
Mr. WASHBUltNE, of Illinois. Thatisright.
Mr. BOUTWELL. This resolution is not
offered upon the original suggestion of the
managers, nor have they any" particular wish
in regard to the matter. They have thought
it proper, in accordance with the suggestion
of many gentlemen, to submit the proposition
to the judgment of the House. I demand
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
weli.] that although the managers of the im-
peachment have the right to report at any time,
yet, under the usage of the House, that is
construed to mean when no other business is
pending. There is now pending a question in
regard to the reference of the Senate amend-
ment to a bill making certain appropriations
for the Indian department, and on that question
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] is
entitled to the floor, his remarks having been
suspended by the presentation of a conference
report, a matter so highly privileged that it can
be received even while other business is pend-
ing, and while a member is on the floor. The
resolution of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts can be received at the present time only
by unanimous consent.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to the intro-
duction of the resolution at this time.
appropriations for indian department.
Mr. BLAINE. I merely want to state what
the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. "Wisdom]
proposes to do. A regular appropriation bill,
making appropriations for the Indian depart-
ment, was reported by the Committee on Ap-
propriations, passed by the House, and sent to
the Senate. That body has returned the bill
with a certain amendment. Now, the gentle-
man proposes that the bill, as amended, shall
be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs
instead of the Committee on Appropriations.
If it is to be referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs I would like the gentleman from
Minnesota to tell me when it will come back.
The Committee on Appropriations are, by the
rules, authorized to report appropriation bills
at any time, but the Committee on Indian
Affairs have no such privilege ; and if this bill,
which the gentleman is anxious to get through,
should be sent to the latter committee there is
no telling when it can be reported, for a single
objection can prevent the report being made
till the committee shall be regularly called. I
hope that, upon such a matter as this, we are
not going to reverse what has been the uniform
practice of the House from the foundation of
the Government. I call the previous question.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. BLAINE. Certainly.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman has asked
me, if this is referred to the Indian Committee,
when it can come back again. I presume it can
come when the committee is called. I am not
anxious this House bill shall pass.
Mr. BLAINE. Are you anxious the Senate
bill shall pass?
Mr. WINDOM. There is ampl<i time for
the Senate amendment to pass.
Mr. BLAINE. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. Wixdom's amendment was agreed to;
and the motion, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was accordingly referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
BUSINESS DURING IMPHACIIJ1ENT TRIAL.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That after Monday next this House will
postpone action upon all matters, except questions
relating to the impeachment of the President of the
United States, until the conclusion of the trial now
pending before tho senate.
Mr. PIKE. I make the point that the board
of managers have no right, without unanimous
consent, to report any resolution which does
not relate to impeachment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. But as this resolution changes
the order of business it requires under the rules
a two-thirds vote.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I would like to inquire
whether this resolution is reported from the
board of managers collectively?
The SPEAKER. So the Chair understands.
Mr. ROSS. I move that it be laid on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is upon the floor.
Mr. MILLER. Suppose the trial should be
delayed and not go on on Monday next?
Mr. BOUTWELL. This order can be re-
voked by the House at any time.
Mr. SPALDING. Is it not in order for the
managers to move to suspend the rules at any
time?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DAWES. There are four unfinished
eases from the Committee of Elections that will
take up a great deal of time at one time during
the session. It has been the fortune of that
committee to have its business crowded into
the last portion of the session, when the busi-
ness of the House is such that no full consid-
eration can be given to questions of contested
elections. I suggest to the House, therefore,
whether it would not be entirely consistent
with the dignity of the House, during the trial
of the President, to dispose of two or three of
those cases from the Committee of Elections?
Mr. PIKE. I ask leave to make a sugges-
tion. After the trial begins we may still have
a morning hour for three mornings during the
week, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, for
general business. Business of importance has
accumulated in the committees, and they ought
to have an opportunity to report it. It would
be well, therefore, to have a morning hour for
that purpose. I am quite sure the House would
come here and attend to that business. If
this resolution passes it will leave the House
without a quorum. Members will either go
home or attend to anything else than the busi-
ness of Congress.
Mr. SCOEIELD. I only want to say that I
believe if we hold sessions at all during the
time the impeachment trial is going on all
matters which ought to be defeated will be
passed, and all matters which ought to pass
will be defeated. There will be but few mem-
bers here, and they will have an interest in
some particular project. I am opposed to any
session unless it is understood all the members
shall be present. We know how wrong meas-
ures have succeeded in passing this House.
They always come in when the House is thin,
just as we are adjourning, or something of that
kind, and when the attention of but few mem-
bers is called to them. I am sure there will
be more of this thing in these morning sessions
than at anv other time.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have no interest in
this matter. I believe it expresses tho opinion
of the managers. I understand the Chair to
say it will require a two-thirds vote.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to inquire whether the managers have author-
ized this?
_ Mr. BOUTWELL. There was a consulta-
tion on the part of the majority of the_ man-
agers, to whom I submitted the resolution at
tho request of several members.
Mr. PIKE. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw it.
The SPEAKER. If there is any question
as to whether this resolution was agreed to by
