1868.
THE COMxllESSiOxNAL (iLOBE
sim
Lafiin, Lincoln, Loughridge, Lynch, Mall ory, Marvin,
Maynartf, McCarthy, jMcC'iurg, Mercur, Moore, Mor-
reii, Myure, Newcomb. Niblack, Niciiolson, O'Neill,
1 trine, Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants, PoJsiey, Momeioy,
Kjuidall, iiaaiti. Sawyer, Selienek. Seolielci, Stark-
JSiihu L. Wtwliburne, Henry I). Washburn, Wihiam
15. Washburn, Welker. William Williams, James Jb\
Wilson. John T. Wilson, and Woodward—9U.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Burr.Cary.Cbanler.Sidney
Claike, Cobb, Uullotn, Eldridge, Goiladay, Grover,
Kalsey.IIarding. Johnson, Julian, Knott, McCorinick,
McCui lough, Miiler, Mulling, Price,Pruyn,Spalding,
Stone, Taber, LawrenceS. Trimble, Van Trump, Van
W>ck, and Ward—28.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin, Barnum, Beck,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Brooks. Butler, Coburn, Covode,
Bonneliy, Finney, Kox, Getz, Uriswold, llaight,
Holoian, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard
1). Hub£ardv Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter. Inger-
soll, Jones, Kelley, Kerr, Ketoham, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Marshall,
Moot head, Morribsey, Mungen, Nunn, Orth, Per ham,
Phelps, Poland, Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Selye,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Aaron h\
Stevens, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn. Thomas Williams,Stephen F.Wilson, Windom,
Wood, and Woodbrulge—t>2.
So the amendment was concurred in.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. AIDERS said: I desire to announce that
my colleague, Mr. Kelley, is still detained at
home by illness.
Mr. DA.WES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXTRA. PAY Of GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now move that a mes-
sage be sent to the Senate asking for the return
of House joint resolution No. 291, giving ad-
ditional pay to certain employes in the civil
service of the Government at Washington.
Mr. HANDALL, Is that a piivileged ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. A motion is pending to
reconsider the vote by which that joint resolu-
tion was passed^ but it cannot be acted upon
while the joint resolution is pending in the
Senate. A motion to request the Senate
to return the resolution fo'' the purpose of
enabling the House to dispose of the motion
to reconsider is privileged like the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order, as the motion to recousider is not now
before the House.
Air. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move to
lay on the table the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio,'[Mr. Bixgiiam,] to request the Sen-
ate to return to this House the joint resolution
referred to.
Mr. RANDALL. That will do just as well.
Mr. VVASHBURNE, of Illinois, is not
such a request as this always conceded as a
matter of course?
The SPEAKER. Not always, necessarily.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
never known it to be refused.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule upon the subject.
The Clerk read as follows :
"A motion to reconsider, if made in time, may be
entertained, notwithstanding- the papers connected
with the onginal proposition have gone out of the
pos&tSMon of the House, And pending a motion to
reconsider the vote on the passage of a bill, the
Speakershoulddeclmctosign thesaid bill ifreported
by the Committee on Eniolled Bills. _ ["When the
papers have been sent to the Senate, it is usual, in
case of a motion to reconsider, send a message to
that body lequcstmg their return.]"
The SPEAKER. The Digest says it is usual
to send such a message; but no order can be
adopted by the House except by a majority
vote.
Mr. MAYNARD. I -desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair, the answer to which may
control my vote. If the joint, resolution
remains in the Senate, can we ever reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution passed
this House?
The SPEAKER. No action can ever be
taken upon the motion to reconsider while the
joint resolution is not in the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. The motion to reconsider
being made and now standing upon the record,
could the joint resolution ever become a law
without our acting upon the motion to recon-
sider ?
The SPEAKER. That question is not now
before the House, and the Chair declines to
rule upon it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I want to know whether
I am right in my view. If I am I will vote to
lay the motion upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not de-
cide questions of order in advance. The pend-
ing question is privileged, as the question out
of which it grew is privileged. The motion to
reconsider cannot be considered until the bill
is before the House.
Mr. RANDALL. It seems to me that the
rule does not bear the Chair out in the con-
struction he has given to it. It says in case
of reconsideration. Now, there has been no
reconsideration. The motion to reconsider
has only been entered.
The rule was again read.
Mr. RANDALL. I am wrong, sir, and you
are right.
Mr. BLAINE. Has not the usage been for
the Clerk to retain any bill or joint resolution
withiu the period when a motion to l-econsider
can be made?
The SPEAKER. It has not. The usage
has been the reverse. As soon as bills and
resolutions are passed they are sent to the
Senate. If they, were retained it would delay
important business of the session.
The question now is on the motion to lay on
the table.
Mr. SPALDING. If that succeeds it dis-
poses of the whole matter?
The SPEAKER. It disposes of this motion
unquestionably.
Mr. WARD. I demand the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. What is the effect of the
motion?
The SPEAKER. To lay the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio on the table.
Mr. BUTLER. Is it possible to get back
the resolution in any other way?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot antici-
pate the action of the House subsequently.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 52, nays 77, not voting
60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer, Delos
R. Ashley, Axtell, Barnes, Royer, Burr, Cake, Cary,
Chanler, Cobb, Donnelly, Driggs, Eukley.Kldridgc,
Glossbrenner, Golladay, Gravely, Hotchkiss. John-
son, Kitchen, Lincoln, Mallory, McCormk-k, Mc-
Culloch, Moore, Morrell, Myers, Niblack. Nichol-
son,O'Seill, Paine, Phelps Plants,Pomeroy, Pruyn,
Randall, Robinson. Spalding, Starkweather, Thad-
deus Stevens. Stokes, Stone, Taber, John Trimble,
Xwiehell, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Cud-
waladcr C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, and
Wood ward—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison. Bailey, Baker, Beaman,
Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine,
Boutwelt. Broomall, Uuekland, Butler, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom,
Dawes, Delano, Dixon, Eggiestoh, Ela, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Fields tinisey, Harding, Higby, llill,
Chester 1). Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd,
Julian, Kelsey, Knott, Koontz, Laflin, Loan, Lough-
ridge, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, MeUlurg, Mer-
cur. Miller, Mullins, Newcomb, Peters, Pike, Pile,
Polsley, Price, Raum, Sawyer, Scotield, Selye,
Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens, Taylor, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Van
Wyck. Ward. Klihu B. Wstshbume, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams. William Wil-
Uams, James F. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—77,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin. Banks, Barnum, Blair, Bromwell,
Brooks, Sidney Clarke, Cornell, Dodae, Perry, Fin-
ney, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Griswold, Grover, llaight,
Hawkins, Uolman, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel S\.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Jones,Kelley, Kerr, Keteham,George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Logan, Lynch,
.Marshall, Moorhead, Morrissey, Mungen. Nunn,
Orth, Perharn, Poland, Robertson, Ross, Schenck,
Shellabarffer, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stewart, TafFe,
Thomas, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Stephen i\
Wilson, Windorn, Wood, and Woodbridge,—t>U.
So the House refused to lay the motion on
the table.
Mr. Bingham's motion was then agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined, and forund truly enrolled, Senate bill No.
534, relating to contested elections in the city
of Washington, District of Columbia; when
the Speaker signed the same.
JOSEPH POWELL.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce the following resolution in
connection with the resolution passed a few
minutes since:
Jiezolved, That there be paid out of the contin-
gent fund of the House to Joseph Powell, contesting
the seat of lion. R. R. Butler, Representative from
the first congressional district of Tennessee, in full
for his expenses in taking testimony under direction
of the Committee of Elections and prosecuting the
contest, $2,000.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. How many votes did
that man get?
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand he only
received sixteen votes.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I call for the regular
order of business.
NEW YOKK POST OFFICE.
Mr. PERRY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1214) to provide for the erection
of a building for a post office and the United
States courts in the city of New York; which
was ordered to be printed, and recommitted to
the committee.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALE OF DAMAGED ARMS, ETC.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee oil Military
Affairs for present action a joint resolution
(H. R. No. '292) directing the Secretary of War
to sell damaged or unserviceable arms, ord-
nance, and ordnance stores.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
there is very great objection to this." I object.
LOYAL CIIOCTAWS AND CHICKASAW'S.
Mr. CLARICE, of Kansas, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 300) for the relief of loyal Choctaw and
Chickasaw Indians; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to -the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill-was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALEXANDRIA CANAL.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced. The regular order is the
call of the committees for reports, and the
House resumes the consideration of the bill
reported from the Committee for the District
of Columbia (H. R. No. 892) relating to the
Alexandria canal, which was pending at the
expiration of the morning hour on Thursday
last.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If I can have the atten-
tion of the House a few minutes, I think I can
explain this bill in a satisfactory manner. In
1830 Congress chartered the Alexandria Canal
Company. The House will remember that at
that time the county of Alexandria formed a
part of the District of Columbia, so that no
other legislative authority couid have created
the canal company. In pursuance of the
authority contained in that charter the com-
pany went on and built a canal and an aque-
duct across the Potomac river at Georgetown.
In 1846 Congress retroceded to the State of
Virginia the county of Alexandria, thereby, as
it was supposed, conferring jurisdiction upon
the State of Virginia over this corporation that
had been created by act of Congress sixteen
