1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4223
for iu the Constitution, and would be greatly
increased if the House of Representatives
should assume the power arbitrarily to reject
the votes of a State which might not be cast
in conformity with the wishes of the majority
'n that body.
But if President Jackson failed to secure
the amendment to the Constitution which lie
urged so persistently, his arguments contrib-
uted largely to the formation of party organi-
zations, which have effectually avoided the con-
tingency of an election by the House of Rep-
resentatives. These organizations, first by a
resort to thecaucus system of nominating can-
didates, and afterward to State and national
conventions, have been successful in so limiting
the number of candidates as to escape the
danger of an election by the House of Repre-
sentatives.
It is clear, however, that in thus limiting the
number of candidates the true object and spirit
of the Constitution have been evaded and de-
feated. It is an essential feature ill our repub-
lican system of government that every citizen
possessing the constitutional qualifications has
a right to become a candidate for the office of
President or Vice President, and that every
qualified elector has a right to cast his vote for
any citizen whom he may regard as worthy of
these officers. But under the party organiza-
tions which have prevailed for years, these
asserted rights of the people have been as
effectually cut off and destroyed as if the Con-
stitution itself had inhibited their exercise.
The danger of a defeat of the popular choice
in an election by the House of Representatives
is no greater than in an election made nomin-
ally by the people themselves, when by the
laws of party organizations and by the consti-
tutional provisions requiring the people to vote
for electors instead of for the President or Vice
President, it is made impracticable for any
citizen to be a candidate except through the
process of a party nomination, and for any
voter to cast his suffrage for any other person
than one thus brought forward through the
manipulations of a nominating convention. It
is thus apparent that by means of party organ-
izations that provision of the Constitution
which requires the election of President and
Vice President to be made through the Electoral
Colleges has been made instrumental and po-
tent i:-il in defeating the great object of confer-
ring the choice of these officers upon the people.
It may be conceded that party organizations
are inseparable from republican government,
and that, when formed and managed m subor-
dination to the Constitution, they may be valu-
able safeguards of popular liberty ; but when
they are perverted to purposes of bad ambition
they are liable to become the dangerous instru-
ments of overthrowing the Constitution itself.
Strongly impressed with the truth of these
views, I feel called upon by an imperative sense
of duty to revive substantially the recommend-
ation so often and so earnestly made by Pres-
ident Jackson, and to urge that the amendment
to the Constitution herewith presented, or
some similar proposition, may be submitted to
the people for their ratification or rejection.
Recent events have shown the necessity of
an amendment to the Constitution distinctly
defining the persons who shall discharge the
duties of President of the United States in the
event of a vacancy in that office by the death,
resignation, or removal of both the President
and Vice President. It is clear that this should
be fixed by the Constitution, and not be left
to repealable enactments of doubtful constitu-
tionality. It occurs to me that in the event of
a vacancy in the office of President, by the
death, resignation, disability, or removal of
both the President and Vice President, the
duties of the office^ should devolve upon an
officer of the executive department of the Gov-
ernment, rather than one connected with the
legislative or judicial departments. The objec-
tions to designating either the President pro
tempore of the Senate or the Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court, especially in the event of
a vacancy produced by removal, are so obvious
and so unanswerable that they need not be
stated in detail. It is enough to state that they
are both interested in producing a vacancy,
and, according to the provisions of the Con-
stitution, are members of the tribunal by whose
decree a vacancy may be produced.
Under such circumstances the impropriety
of designating either of these officers to suc-
ceed the President so removed is palpable.
The framers of the Constitution, when they
referred to Congress the settlement of the suc-
cession to the office of President, in the event
of a vacancy in the offices of both President
and Vice President, did not, in my opinion,
contemplate the designation of any other than
an officer of the executive department on whom,
in such a contingency, the powers and duties
of the President should devolve. Until recently
the contingency has been remote, and serious
attention has not been called to the manifest
incongruity between the provisions of the Con-
stitution on this subject and the actof Congress
of 1792. Having, however, been brought almost
face to face with this important question, it
seems an eminently proper time for us to make
the legislation conform to the language, intent,
and theory of the Constitution, and thus place
the executive department beyond the reach of
usurpation, and remove from the legislative
and judicial departments every temptation to
combine for the absorption of all the powers
of Government.
It has occurred to me that in the event of
such a vacancy the duties of President would
devolve most appropriately upon some one of
the heads ofthe several Executive Departments;
and, under this conviction, I present for your
consideration an amendment to the Constitu-
tion on this subject, with the recommendation
that it be submitted to the people for their
action.
Experience seems to have established the
necessity of an amendment of that clause of
the Constitution which provides for the election
of Senators to Congress by the Legislatures of
the several States. It would be more consist-
ent with the genius of our form of government
if the Senators were chosen directly by the
people of the several States. The objections
to the election of Senators by the Legislatures
are so palpable that I deem it unnecessary to
do more than submit the proposition for such
an amendment, with the recommendation that
it be opened to the people for their judgment.
It is strongly impressed on my _ mind that
the tenure of office by the judiciary of the
United States during good behavior for life
is incompatible with the spirit of republican
government, and in this opinion I am fully sus-
tained by the evidence of popular judgment
upon this subject in the different States of the
Union.
I therefore deem it my duty to recommend
an amendment to the Constitution by which
the terms of the judicial officers would be lim-
ited to a period of years, and I herewith pre-
sent it in the hope that Congress will submit it
to the people for their decision.
The foregoing views have long been enter-
tained by me. In 1845, in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and afterward, in 1800, in the
Senate of the United States, I submitted sub-
stantially the same propositions as those to
which the attention of Congress is herein invited.
Time, observation, and experience have con-
firmed these convictions; and, as a matter of
public duty and a deep sense of my constitu-
tional obligation, ''to recommend to the con-
sideration of Congress such measures as I deem
necessary and expedient,'' I submit the accom-
panying propositions, and urge their adoption
and submission to the judgment of the people.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., July 18, 1868.
Joint resolution proposing amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Whereas the fifth article of tbe Constitution of the
United States provides for amendments thereto, m
the manner following, nameiy:
1. Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments
to the Constitution, or on the application of the Legis-
latures of two thirds of tho several States, shall call
a convention for proposing amendments, which, in
either ease shall be valid to all intents and purposes
as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Le-
gislatures of three fourths of the several States, or by
convention in three fourths thereof, as the one or the
other mode of ratification may bo proposed by Con-
gress: Provided, That no amendment which may be
made prior to the year 1808 shall in any manner affect
the first a,nd fourth clauses in the ninth section of the
first article; and that no State, without its consent,
shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Sente:
Therefore,
Be it resohedby the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, (two thirds of both Ilouses concurring,) That the
following amendments to the Constitution of tho
United States be proposed to the Legislatures of tho
several States, which when ratified by the Legisla-
tures of three fourths of the States shall be valid to
all intents and purposes as part ofthe Constitution;
that hereafter the President and Vice President
of the United States shall be chosen lor the term of
six years by the people of the respective States, in
the manner following: Each State shall be divided
by the Legislatures thereofin districts equal in num-
ber to the whole number of Senators and Represent-
atives to which such State may be entitled in thee
Congress of the United States; the said districts to
bo composed of contiguous territory, and to contain,
as nearly as may be, an equal number of persons
entitled to be represented under the Constitution,
and to be laid oif, for the first time, immediately
after the ratification of this amendment; that, on
the first Thursday in August, in the year 18—, and;
on the same day, every sixth year thereafter, the cit-
izens of each State who possess the qualifications
requisite for electors of the most numerous branch
of the State Legislatures shall meet within their
respective districts and vote fora Presidentand Vice
President of the United States; and the person re-
ceiving the greatest number of votes for President,
and the one receiving the greatest number of votes
for Vice President in each district, shall be holden to
have received one vote; which fact shall be immedi-
ately certified by tho Governor of the State to each
of the Senators in Congress from such State, and to
the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the
Ilouso of Representatives. The Congress oftheUni-
ted States shall be in session on tho second Monday
in October, m the year 18—, and on the same day on
every sixth year thereafter; and the President of the
Senate, in the preseneeof the Senate and House of
Representatives, shall open all the certificates and
the votes shall then be counted. The person having
the greatest number of votes for President shall be
President, if such number be equal to a majority of
the whole number of votes given; but if no person
have such majority, then a second election shall be
held on tho first Thursday in themonth of Depeinber
then next ensuing, between the persons having the
two highest numbers lor the office ot President, which
second election shall be conducted, the result certi-
fied. and tho votes counted, in the same manner as
in the first, and the person having tho greatest num-
ber of votes for President shall bePresident. But if
two or more persons shall havereceivedthegreatest,
and an equal number of votes, at the second elec-
tion, then the person who shall have received the
gieatest number of votes in the greatest number of ■
States shall be President. The person having the
greatest number of votes for Vice President at the
tilst election, shall be Vice President, if such num-
ber be equal to a majority of the whole number of
votes given; and if no person have such a majority,
then a second election shall take place between the
persons having the two highest numbers, oil tho
same day that tho second election is held lor Presi-
dent; and tho person having the highest number of
votes lor Vice President shall bo Vice President-
But if there should happen to be an equality of
votes between the persons so voted for at the second
election, then the person having the greatest num-
ber of {States shall be Vice Piesident. But when a.
second election shall bo necessary in the case ot Vice
President, and not necessary in the case of Presi-
dent, then the Senate shall choose a Vice President
from the persons having the two highest numbers m
the first election, as is now prescribed by the Con-
stitution: Provided, That after the ratification of
this amendment to thy Constitution, the 1 resident
and Vice President shall hold their offices, respect-
ively, for the term of six years, and that no Presi-
dent or Vice President shall be eligible for reelection
to a second term.
And be it further resolved. That artiele two, section
one, paragraph six, of the Constitution of the United
States shall be amended so as to read as follows: In
case of the removal of the President from office, or
of his death, or lesignation, or inability to discharge
the powers and duties of said office, the same shall
devolve on the Vice President, and ill case ofthe
removal, death, resignation, or inability both of the
President and Vice President, thepowers and duties
of said office shall devolve upon the Secretary oi
State for the time being, and alter this officer, m ease
of vacancy in that or in other Departments, and m
the order in which they are named, ©n the Secretary
of the Treasury, on the Secretary of War, on the,
Secretary of the Navy, on tho Secretary of the In-
terior, on the Postmaster General, and on the Attor-,
ncy General; and such officer on whom the■P^ere
and duties of President shall devolve, maeooi^
with tho foregoing provision^shall tben act Jis p
ident until the disability shall be remov ed. or|J^r
ident shall be elected, as is or maybe pronaeamr
3. itfurtherreM
a0^SslnXrf Urn shall be composed
