4224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
of two Senators from each State, elioscn by the per- 1
sons qualified to vote tor the mcmbeis of the most
numerous branch of the Legislature thereof, for six
years, and each Senator shall have one rote.
Sec. 4. And be itfurther revolved, That article three,
section one, be amended to read as follows :
Abticle III.
Section 1. The judicial power of the United
States shall bo vested in ono Supremo Court, and
in such inferior courts as the Congress from time to
time may ordain and establish. The judges of the
Supreme and inferior courts shall hold their offices
during the terms of twelve years, and shall, at stated
times, receive for their services a compensation
which shall not be diminished during their contin-
uance in office. And it shall be the duty of the
President of the United States, within twelvemonths
alter the ratification of this amendment by three
fourths of all the States, as provided by the Consti-
tution ot the United States, to divide the whole num-
ber of judges, as near as may be practicable, into
three classes. The seats of the judges ot the first
class shall bo vacated at the expiration of the fourth j
year from such classification, of the second class at j
the expiration of the sixth year, and of the third >
class at the expiratitfn of the twelfth year, so that
one third may be chosen every fourth year there-
after.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
message be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
qoauteiimastek's department contracts.
The SPEAKKR also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a statement of contracts made
by the quartermaster's department during the
month of June, 1808; which were refeired to
the Committee on Military Affairs, andordeied
to be printed.
funding tii13 national debt.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
now suspended, and that tlie House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union upon the special order,
fending that motion, I move that all further
debate in committee be closed in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were then accordingly suspended ;
and the House resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Pomeroy in the chair.)
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, the prop-
osition now pending is one of the most serious
that has even been considered by this House
since I have been a member. It is a proposi-
tion to change the long established policy of
the Government in regard to its securities and
the scope of its taxation. So far as I can learn
it was never before proposed to tax securities
of the United States when held in the hands
of foreigners. I do not say that we have no
right to impose such a tax, especially in case
of bonds that were not negotiated abroad with
interest payable abroad. I recognize a great
difference between the legal constitutional
status of a bond sold here, and its interest
payable here, which may be purchased from a
citizen by a foreigner, and a bond issued for a
foreign loan bought from the Government by
foreigners and the principal and interest made
payable abroad. In the latter ease it is evi-
dent that we would have no legal or equitable
right to tax the foreign holder. In the former
case I cannot speak with the same certainty,
and I will not now go further into the question
of our right to tax them than to say I seriously
doubt it. I will consider only the policy of
gucli a course. Two debtor nations have under-
taken to do this thing, or something quite
similar to this within the last few months.
They are the kingdoms of Austria and Italy.
Both have levied exceptional taxes on the
interest of their bonds. The consequence is
that the leading exchange boards of Europe
are threatening to throw their bonds out of
their markets, and both Austria and Italy have
suffered measureless injury in their credit and
honor.
Within the last two weeks the Prime Minister
of Austria has published letters of explanation
and apology for the remarkable conduct of the
Reiehsrath. and that apology is a confession
that Austria, humbled by adverse war, over-
whelmed by a rapidly increasing deficit, had
reached the verge of bankruptcy, and inexor-
able necessity has compelled lier to adopt a
measure which she could only lament but could
not defend. The history of the Italian law is
of the same character. "When the proposition
was first offered in the Legislature in March
last, the leading members left the Chamber
and broke up a quorum, declaring that the dis-
cussion of such a measure was dishonor. But
necessity has at last compelled the Govern-
ment to adopt it. 1 am aware that the pending
section is unlike the measures to which I have
just referred in this, that it does not levy an
exceptional tax on the interest of ourbonds, but
only subjects the foreigner to the operation of
our income tax law. But just at this point I
desire to offer this thought for the consideration
of the House. Suppose the proposition of the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. PikeJ should be
adopted, will all the provisions of the income
law apply to the foreign holder of our bonds ?
Will the $1,000 exemption apply? An Ameri-
can citizen, if he holds bonds, will be entitled
to repayment of all the interest withheld from
his coupons by the Treasury Department pro-
vided his income from all sources does not
amount to $1,000. I want to know how it will
be with the foreign holder. Will the $1,000
exemption apply to him also ? If so, to what
part of his income will the exemption apply ?
To all his income from all sources ; to iliat
arising in England, in France, in Germany, or
anywhere? Or will the exemption apply only
to that part of his income arising in the United
States? If the exemption does not apply to
the foreign holder the tax is not an income
tax in his ease, but is an exceptional tax on
the interest of the bonds. If the exemption
does apply to him you are involved in many
intricate questions as to the mode of adminis-
tering the law. I ask the House to consider
that it'this should become a law it will involve
us in very many and very great difficulties.
Now, m the moment which is left me I desire
to call attention to another consideration : can
this country, which has now $600,000,000 of its
bonds abroad, at the very moment its Congress
is attempting by law to provide for funding
82,100,000,000 more—one of the propositions
now pending is that a large share of these bonds
shall be made into a foreign loan, and nego-
tiated and paid abroad—can this country afford,
as a debtor nation, to place itself even by re-
mote analogy alongside of two bankrupt king-
doms of the Old World, whose honor has been
stained and whose credit has been ruined by
legislation to which this bears a close resem-
blance? I grant that their tax is exceptional
and exorbitant, as this is not; but yet this is
a step in that direction ; it is a new measure
in our history; a measure not recommended
by any committee of this House, not recom-
mended in the bill that came from the Sen-
ate, a measure which has never been delib-
erated upon, but which is sprung upon us in
the heat of debate, in the closing hours of a
heated term, and will be judged by the light or
darkness of several other measures which have
been agitated in this House. I hope the House
will think carefully and act deliberately. For
myself, I desire to say before closing that I do
not now wish to commit my judgment on all
the aspects of this ease, but that I may be
free hereafter to adopt whatever opinions a
careful consideration of it may lead me to
entertain. I cannot vote for this amendment,
and I hope the House will reject it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
The first question is on the amendment of the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] to the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Pike.]
The amendment of Mr. Paine was disagreed
to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Pike : and being put, there were—ayes 17,
noes G:i.
Mr. ROSS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pike and
Garfield were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 3S, noes 73.^
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
to add the'section ; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following as
an additional section :
gEC _ And, be it farther enacted, That from and
after the' passage of this act no association author-
ized and organized for banking purposes under the
provisions of the act to provide a national cur-
ency, secured by the pledge of United States bond.-,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, approved June 3,1801, or any act amenda-
tory thereto, deposit, transfer, or deliver to the
Treasurer of the United States as security to entitle
any such association to engage m the business ot
banking any other bond ot the United hiates than
such as arc authorized to be issued under the first
section of this act.
The question was put, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. SMITH. I offer the following as an
additional section:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and required to oner
for sale the bonds herein authorized only through
the proper officers of his Department, and at a rate
not less than par. And the proceeds of the sales oi.
all such bonds shall be reserved for and applied to
tlie purchase and extinguishment of the present coin
interest-bearing debt of the United States.
The question was put, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I offer the following as an
additional section :
Sec.—• And be if further enacted, That on and after
the passage of this act all authority under anyexist-
ing law to issue bonds or interest-bearing Treasury
notes or obligations of the United State-* shall cease
and determine: Provided, Nothing herein shall pre-
vent tlie conversion of Treasury notes known as
seven-thirties into live-twenties; nor the issue of the
three per cent certificates of temporary loans ; nor
the exchange of registered bonds tor coupon bonds;
nor the issue as subsidies to railroad companies as
provided by law.
The question was put, and the amendment
was agieed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following as
an additional section:
Sec. —. That after the passage of this act no n=?^-
ciation which shall bo authorized and organized i r
banking purposes under the provisions of the act
to provide a national currency secured by the pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the circu-
lation and redemption thereof, approved June 3,
1801, or any act amendatory thereto, deposit, trans-
fer, or deliver to the Treasurer of the United States
as security to entitle any such association to engage
in the business of banking any other bonds ot the
United States than such as arc authorized to be issued
under the first section of this act.
Mr BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer as
a substitute for that amendment two sections,
which I send to the Clerk's desk, providing for
the same thing and for free banking hereafter
so that the West can have some currency.
The Clerk read the substitute as follows:
Sec—. jBc it further enacted, That on or before the 1st
of January, 1869, all banking associations organized
under the act approved June3.1SG4.andtheact<j sup-
plemental thereto or amendatory thereof, shall ex-
change, as by this act provided, all the registered
United Statesbonds by them now deposited with the
Treasurer of theUnited States, as in the aforenamed
acts required, tor the bonds authorized by this act;
and thereafter all deposits of United States bonds
now by law required to be made by banking associ-
ations with the Treasurer ot the United States, shall
be of the bonds authorized by this act and n ne
other, and if any banking association shall fail to
make the exchaugc above specified bv the date men-
tioned, the Comptroller of the currency shall forth-
withprocecd to wind up the affairs of such associa-
tion in the manner now by law pro\ uled.
Sec—. J}(i\t further nwrted, That from and after the
lstday^ot January, ail restriction on the amount
of national bank note currency to be issued shall
cease, and any association eomplvlng with the re-
quirements ot said act of June 8, iSGi, and the acts
amendatory thereof and supplemental thereto, shall
be entitled to receive the certificate of the Comp-
troller qt the Currency and commence the business
ot ban king, and shall be subject to the same laws and
have the same rights and franchises as the banking
associations now organized under said acts.
Mr. RANDALL, imake the poiutoforder
that that amendment is not germane to the
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. It is not germane to the bill.
The question now recurs upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck.]
