217-6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March
the managers the Chair must pat the question
of reception to the House.
_ Mr. BOUTWELL. I am not disposed to
ltisist on this resolution. It was prepared and
submitted to the majority of the managers, and
they desired I should report it to the House
fat action; but rather than occupy the equivo-
cal position indicated by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] I will withdraw it.
■ M®. WASHB0RNE, of Illinois. I renew it.
Mr. DAWIiS.^ I raise the question of order,
that none but the managers can present the
resolution at this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
appropriations for indian department.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Imoveto
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
of the Senate to the Indian appropriation bill
was referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
1 now move that the House adjourn. I will
state that very many gentlemen about me ask
in relation to the business of the House to-
rn orrow.
Mr. WINDOM. I object to the gentleman's
speaking after making a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the motion to reconsider will probably not
come up till Tuesday or some other day next
week.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to know if there will
be a session for business to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. There will be.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What will be the
first business to-morrow V
The SPEAKER. The first business will be
the consideration of private bills in the morn-
ing hour. If that order should be set aside,
then the motion to reconsider by the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] will come
up; afterward the bill for the admission of Ala-
bama.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. That is the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rules, aud referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of T. C.
Hubbell, postmaster of Orangeburg, South
Carolina, for relief.
By Mr. DAWES: The petition of John
Hamilton & Son and others, citizens of Hamp-
den county, Massachusetts, for the removal of
the oppressive tax on petroleum.
Also, the petition of Betsey Burt and 16
others, for pensions for soldiers of the war of
1812.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of W. J.
Buckley, president Detroit Board of Trade ;
Moore, Foote & Co., and 100 merchants, ship-
owners, and others, praying Congress to con-
tinue the appropriation for the harbor at Mar-
quette, Michigan.
By Mr. IIALSEY: A memorial of Mrs.
Phcebe S. Taylor, widow of Surgeon George
Taylor, United States Army, asking Congress
for additional pension.
By Mr. TCELSEY: A remonstrance of 53
soldiers of the late war against the passage of
the act to equalize bounties at $8 3;)J per
month for each month of actual service, with
all Government, State, and local bounties
deducted.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition for the estab-
lishment of a post route from Montgomery's
station, on the Philadelphia and Erie railroad,
byway of Mount Zion, to. Elimsport, in the
county of Lycoming, and State of Pennsylvania.
By Mr. MOOliHEAD : Two petitions from
citizens of Venango county, Pennsylvania,
asking that the tax upon refined petroleum be
removed.
By Mr. PAINE : A memorial of H. Tas-
tow, J. Kretlow, A. Boehm, W. G. Hoekstein,
and others, manufacturers of cigars, remon-
strating against the bill for stamping cigars.
By Mr. RAUM : The petition of Thomas
Maddox and others, of Tippah county, Missis-
sippi, for an act relieving from disabilities
Judge Alexander M. Clayton, of Mississippi.
IN SENATE..
Saturday, March 28, 1808.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Ohio, in relation to the allegiance of naturalized
citizens and the rights of American citizens in
foreign countries; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Wisconsin, for the estab-
lishment of a daily mail route from Evansville,
in the county of Rock, via Albany, to Monti-
cello, in the county of Green, in that State ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of Christiana
Abercrombie, of Hoboken, New Jersey, pray-
ing to be allowed the pay due her husband, T.
B. Abercrombie, a lieutenant in the war of
1812; which was referied to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. HOWE presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of Mil-
waukee, praying that that city may be reim-
bursed for outlay incurred in the improvement
of the harbor entrance to the same ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
William F. Schwilk and others, asking for the
adoption of measures to secure for citizens of
this country in Palestine the rights and privi-
leges which the " International Association for
colonizing the Orient" have asked from the
Sublime Porte; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
Harry Risk, of Staunton, Virginia, praying the
removal of the political disabilities imposed
upon him by acts of Congress ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Nebraska, praying that a treaty be made
with the Sac and Fox and Iowa Indians, so
that their lands may be sold for railroad pur-
poses ; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of Messrs.
Sweeny & Baugh, proprietors of the Merchants'
Exchange, San Francisco, California, praying
to be remunerated for expenses incurred in
erecting a light-house and maintaining the light
on PointLobos, near the Golden Gate entrance
to the bay of San Francisco ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 480) in relation to the
pay of grand and petit jurors in the District of
Columbia, and the bill (II. R. No. 50G) to
incorporate the Grueth-Verein of Washington,
District of Columbia, were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
reports of committees.
Mr, COLE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Ben-
jamin Tilley, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the memorial
of the Council and House of Representatives
of Colorado Territory, in favor of granting to
the Denver branch mint the privilege to coin
silver, asked to bedischarged from its further
consideration : which was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Petjlic
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of
Moses F. Sbiun, reported a bill (S. No. 467) to
confirm an entry of land by Moses F. Shinn;
which was read,-and passed toasecond reading,
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire, from
the Committee on the District of Columbia, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 209) to in-
corporate the Evening Star Newspaper Com-
pany, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 286) toincorporate
the National Life .Insurance Company of the
United States of America, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
437) for the relief of Isaac Rutishouser, of
Chicago, Illinois, reported adversely thereon.
captured and abandoned property.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I send to the Chair a
report from a conference committee, which I
ask to have read.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the joint resolution (H.
It. No. 19) directing that certain moneys now in the
hands of the United States Treasurer, as special agent
of the Treasury Department, bo covered by warrant
into the United States Treasury, having met, after
full and free eonfercnce have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows, namely:
That the House of Representatives recede from
their amendment to the Senate amendments pro-
posing to strike out section three of said Senate
amendments, and agree to said section with the fol-
lowing amendments, to wit:
1. Strike out the words "one hundred" in the pec-
ond and third lines of said section and insert in lieu
thereof the wolds "seventy-live."
'2. Add at the end of said section the words : " and
for prosecuting suits in the United States for the
recovery ot such property and for providing for the
defense of the United States against suits for or in
respect to such property in the Court of Claims."
And that the Senate afrree thereto.
GEORGE ]?. EDMUNDS,
W. P. FESSENDEN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
C. C. WASHBURN,
G. \V. SUOFIISLD,
DEMAS BARNES,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. JOIINSON. I inquire of the honorable
member what the change is.
Mr. EDM CJNDS. The change made reduces
the appropriation from $100,000 to $75,000,
and provides not merely for defending suits
that are pending against the Secretary, but for
prosecuting in this country some that the com-
mittee, from communication with the Secre-
tary, thought it was necessary to the public
interests should be prosecuted.
The report was concurred in.
buoys op new york harbor.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and hereby is, requested to communicate to the Sen-
ate the report of Commodore Case, United States
light-house inspector, third district, dated the 13th
ot February, 18SS, on the buoys of the harbor of New
York.
military departments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I offer a resolution, and
ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate whether
ho has established, or ordered the establishment of.
any new military department since the 1st day of
August, 1S67; and, if so, what department or depart-
ments, and under what statute or other authority.
Mr. DAVIS. If that resolution leads to no
debate I have no objection to its being consid-
ered ; but if it is to be debated I must object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; no debate.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
dnited states bonds.
Mr. DAVIS. I submit the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury re-
port to the Senate the amount outstanding of each
class of the bonds of the United States, with the rate
°f interest which they bear; and what each class of
said bonds were worth in gold at the times they
respectively bear date.
