THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
nomination of a successor must be sent to the Senato
as soon as they sit.
"With esteem, I am, sir, your most obedient and
humble servant, JOHN ADAMS.
To T. Pickering, Secretary of State.
T. Pickering, Secretary of State, to John Adams.
Department of State,
Philadelphia, 12 May, 1800.
Sis: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter, dated last Saturday, stating that, "as you
perceive a necessity of introducing a change in the
administration of the office of State, you tlnnk it
proper to make this communication of it to the pres-
ent Secretary of State, that he may have an oppor-
tunity of resigning if he chooses;" and that "you
would wish the day on which his resignation is to
take place to be named by himself."^
Several matters of importanece in the office, in
which my agency will bo useful, will require my dili-
gent attention until about the close ot the present
quarter. I had, indeed, contemplated a continuance
in offico until the 4th of March next, when, if Mr.
Jefferson was elected President, (an event which, in
your conversation with mo lastweck, you considered
as certain,) I expected to go out, of course. An ap-
piehension of that event first led mo to determine
not to remove my family this year to the city of
Washington; because to establish them there would
oblige ine to incur ail extraordinary expense which
I had not the means ot defraying; whereas, by sep-
arating myself from my family, and living there eight
or nine months with strict economy, I hoped to save
enough to meet that expense, should tho occasion
occur. Or, if I then went out of otllce, that saving
would enable me to subsist my family a few months
longer, and perhaps aid mein transporting them into
the woods,where I had land, though aliwildand un-
moductive, and where, like my first ancestor in New
England, X expected to commence a settlement oil
bare creation. I am happy that I now have this re-
source, and that those inostdcar tome havefortitude
enough to look at thosconowitliout dismay, and even
without regret. Nevertheless, alter deliberately re-
flecting on tho ovcrturo you have been pleased to
make to uie, I do not feel it to bo my duty to resign.
I have tho honor to be, ire.,
TIMOTHY PICKERINGS.
Philadelphia, 12 May, 1800.
Sill: Divers causes and considerations, essential to
tho administration of the Government, in my judg-
ment, requiring a change in the Department of State,
you are hereby disehaiged from any further service
as Secretary of State ? JOIIN ADAMS,
President of the United Statex.
To Timothy Picki.iiinc.
Now, will the Senate allow tlie Executive
Journal of tho Senate, of May 12, 1800, to be
brought up, by which we propose to show that
at the same hour, on tho same day, Mr. Adams,
the President, sent a nomination to the Senate?
Mr. STANBERY. Do I understand the
Manager to say, " the same hour?" Do you
expect to prove it?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I should think,
when we come to look at the correspondence,
that I am wrong; I think the sending to the
Senate was a little previous. [Laughter.]
Mr. STANBERY. You do?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do.
Mr. STANBERY. And you expect to prove
that ?
Mr. Manage# BUTLER,. I do. [After a
pause.] I have not yet heard a decision upon
the question whether I am to have the Jour-
nal.
Mr. STANBERY. Certainly ; we have no
objection.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. It is the Executive
Journal, and I suppose it cannot be brought
in unless tho Senate directs it. I will say it is
not printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I move
that the J ournal be furnished for that purpose.
1 suppose there will be no objection.
The motion was agreed to.
Ciiawi.es E. Ciieucy re-called.
By Mr. Manager Buti.kii ;
Question. You have been sworn once in this
case ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question, (handing a paper to tho witness.)
You have told us that you were appointment
clerk in tho Treasury. Are you familiar with
the handwriting of Andrew Johnson.
Answer. I am.
Question. Is that his handwriting?
Answer. It is.
Question. Did you produce this letter from
the archives of the Treasury to-day in obe-
dience to a summons?
Answer. I did.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President and
Senators, it will be remembered that the answer
of the President to the first article says, in
words:
" And this has ever since remained, and was the
opinion of this respondent at tho time when he was
forced as aforesaid to consider and decide what act
or acts should and might lawfully be dono by this
respondent, as President of the United States, to
cause tho said Stanton to surrender tho said office."
"This respondent was also awaro that tliis act"—
The tenure-of-civil-oflice act—
" was understood and intended to bo an expression
of tho opinion of the Congress by which that act was
passed, that tho power to remove executive officers
for cause might, by law, bo taken from tho President
and vested in him and tho Senato jointly; and
although this respondent had arrived at and still
retained tho opinion above expressed and verily
believed, as he still believes, that tho said first sec-
tion of the last-mentioned act wits and is wholly
inoperative aiul void by reason of its conflict with
the Constitution of the United States."
4- !-],••• * i- *
"And this respondent, further answering,_ says,
that it is provided in and by the second section of
'An act to regulate the tenure of certain civil offices/
that the Pi evident may suspend an officer from the
perforinnnuii of the duties of the olhco held by him,
for ceitam causes therein designated, until tho next
meeting of tho Senate and until tho case shall be
acted on by tho Senate; that this respondent, as
President of the United States, was advised, and he
verily believed and still believes, that tho executive
power of removal from office confided to him by tho
Constitution as aforesaid includes tho power of sus-
pension from oilico at the pleasure of the President;
and this respondent, by tho order aforesaid, did sus-
pend tho said Stanton from ofliee, not until the next
meeting of tho Senate, or until the Senate should
have acted upon tho case, but by torco of the power
and authority vested in him by the Constitution and
laws of the United States, indefinitely and at the
pleasure of the President."
Now, the second section of the net regulat-
ing the tenure of ccrtaiu civil offices provides:
"That when any officer appointed as aforesaid,
excepting judges of the United States courts, shall,
during a recess of the Senate, bo shown by evidence
satisfactory to tho President to be guilty of miscon-
duct in otlicc or crime, or lor any reason shall be-
come incapable or legally disqualified to perform its
duties, in sueli case, and in no other, tho President
may suspend such officer and dcsignatosomc suitable
person to perform temporarily the duties of such
office until the next meeting of tho Senate, and
until tho case shall bo acted upon by the Senate."
The eighth section provides :
"That whenever the President shall, without tho
advice and conscnt of the Senate, designate, author-
ize, or employ any person to perforin the duties of
any office, he phali forthwith notify the Secretary of
the Treasury thereof."
It will be seen, therefore, Mr. President
and Senators, that the President of the United
States says in his answer that he suspended
Mr. Stanton, under the Constitution, indefi-
nitely and at his pleasure. I propose, now,
unless it be objected to, to show that that is
false under his own hand, and I have his letter
to that etlect, which, if there is no objection, I
will read, the signature of which was identified
by C. 15. Creecy.
[The letter was handed to the counsel for
the respondent.]
Mr. STANBERY. We see no inconsistency
with that part of the act-, certainly.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That was a ques-
tion 1 did not put to you. I asked you if you
had any objection.
Mr. STANBERY. I tell you we see no
inconsistency, much less falsehood, in that
letter.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. To that I answer
the falsehood is not in the letter, but it is in
the answer.
Mr. Manager Butler thereupon read the
letter, as follows:
Executive Mansion,^
Washington, 1). 0., Augmt 1-1,18(57.
Sill: In compliance with the requirements of the
eighth section of tho act of Congress of March 2,
1S67, entitled "An act regulating the tenure of cer-
tain cmlollicev'you are hereby notified that on the
12th instant Hon. Edwin M. Stanton was suspended
from ofliee as Secretary of War and General UIys?es
S. Grant authorized and empowered to act as Secre-
tary of War ad interim.
I am, sir, very wMUJfojgggfr
To Hon, Hugh McCulloch.
Secretary of the Ireaianj.
I wish to call attention again, because it
may have escaped the attention of some Sen-
ator:. 
Mr. CURTIS. We object to the gentleman
arguing the question.
Mr. STANBERY. It is time certainly we
should know what all this discussion means.
What question is now before the Senate ?. What
is your question ? Let us know whether we
have any objection; how it is that this state-
ment is made.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am endeavor-
ing to show, sir, that while the President says
he did not suspend Mr. Stanton under the
tenure-of-office act, and that he had come to
the conclusion that he had the right to suspend
him before August 12, 1867, without leave of
the tenure-of-office act, and without leave of
the Senate, yet, acting under the eighth section
of the act to which he refers in his letter, he
expressly says in that letter that he did suspend
him under this act.
Mr. STANBERY. We understand all
that.
Mr. CURTIS. He does not say any such
thing. We do not object to the honorable
Manager offering his evidence; we object to
his arguing upon the effect of the evidence at
this stage.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I have argued
nothing, sir, except to read the law.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Gentlemen Man-
agers, theExecutive Journal is now here.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I now produce
the Executive Journal of the Senate.
Mr. J OHNSON. Of what date ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Monday, May 12,
1800. May 9 is the last previous date of execu-
tive session:
" Monday, May 12,1800.
"The following written messages were received
from the President of the United States by Mr.
Shaw, his Secretary:
"Gentlemen of the Senate:
" 1 nominate tho Honorable John Marshall, Esq.,
of Virginia, to bo Secretary of State, in place of the
Honorable Timothy Pickering, Esq., removed.
"Tho Honorable Samuel Dexter, Esq., ot Massa-
chusetts, to be Secretary of the Department of War,
in tho place of tho Honorable John Marshall, nomi-
nated for promotion to the oflico of State.
JOHN ADAMS.
" United States, May 12,1800."
" Gentlemen of the Senate:
"I nominate William II. Harrison, of the North-
western Territory, to bo Governor of the Indiana
Territory. J0ifADAMS.
" United States, May 12,1800."
" Gentlemen of the Senate :
" I nominate Israel Ludlow, of the Northwestern
Territory, to be Register of tho Land Office at Cin-
cinnati.
" James Fisdlay," &e.
Then follows a long list of nominations :
" Gentlemen of the Senate :
" I nominate Seth Lewis, Esq., of Tennessee, to be
Chief Justice of the Mississippi Territory, in tho
place of William MeGuiro,
"United States, May 12, 1800."
" Tho messages were read.
" Ordered, That they lio for consideration."
" Tuesday, May 13,1800.
" Tho Senato proceeded to consider the message
of the President of the United States ot the 12th
instant, and tho nominations contained therein, ot
John Marshall and Samuel Dexter, to office, where-
UP°jic8olved, That theydo advise and consent to the
appointments agreeably to the nomination.
"Ordered, That the Secretary lay this resolution
before the President of the United States."
Mr. STANBERY. Will you please to read
where it appears there, at what hour, what
time of day, that was done ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I have not under-
taken to state the hour. I stated directly to
the Senate, in answer to you, thai I thought that
the letter went to the Senate with the nomi-
nation, and I believed it would appear from
an examination of the whole case that the
nomination of a successor went to the Senate
prior to the letter going to Mr. Pickering.
Mr. STANBERY. The honorable Manager
will allow me to say he said he expected to
prove it. ,
Mr. Manager BU TLER. The Senate heard
what I said. I said I expected it would appear
from the whole matter, exactly using that
phrase. I am quite sure I know what I said.
