1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4225
Mr. BAND ALL. I make the same point
of order upon that amendment that I did upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butleb,] that it is not germane
to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that the point of order is made too
late.
Mr. RANDALL. I had no opportunity to
make the point of order sooner, tor the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butlgk] took
the floor immediately after the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio was read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My amend-
ment is in the same line with the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio,_ [Mr. Sciiexck,]
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. RANDALL. It proposes to amend the
national banking law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio is
germane to the bill, then why is not mine ger-
mane ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] that 110 one raised the point of order on
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] at the time it was offered. _
Mr. RANDALL. I would have raised it if
I had had the opportunity, but the gentleman
from Massachusetts immediately took the
floor.
The CHAIRMAN. It is always in order to
interrupt for the purpose of raising a point of
order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexok] shall be adopted, then will not the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] be germane to the bill as
so amended ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule
upon that question when it shall be raised.
The question was then taken upon the
amen Inient of Mr. Schexck ; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. LYNCII. I move to further amend
thi« bill by adding the following section :
Sfic. — And be it further enacted, That any gold coin
now or hereafter in the Treasury of the United States
shall not bo, sold or otherwise disposed of save as
authorized by this section, as follows: Every sale of
gold shall be advertised ten days in advance in the
city of New York, and sealed proposals shall be
invited, the same to be opened at the officc ot the
Assistant Treasurer in that city. The time when
those proposals shall bo opened, and the day of sale
and delivery, which shall be the same day or the day
following that of opening the proposals, and the
sum of gold to be sold shall be stated in the adver-
tisement, as shall also be the terms of payment, which
shall be made in lawful currency on. delivery. At
tho time advertised the proposals shall^be opened
and read in public, and the highest bid shall be
accepted for the whole sum^to be sold, or so much
thereof as shall be included in said highest bid. In
case the highest bid does not call for the whole sum,
the next highest bids shall be accepted for the sums
respectively included therein, until thc_ whole sum
shall be sold. Persons offering equal prices shall be
entitled to share thesum open to their bid, in propor-
tion to the respective sums callcd for by each bid:
Provided. That this section shall not prohibit the
exchange ot coin for bullion at the mints of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is not germane to the
bill.
Mr. LYNCH. I understood the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to say that there is
such a provision in the bill already.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is such a provision
in the bill, except the details.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out
ot'order.
Tim Committee of the Whole here rose in-
formally, and the Speaker resumed the chair
for the purpose of receiving a
mkssacje fltom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its Clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (S. No. G10) in relation to
corporations created by laws of the United
Stales ; in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
40TII CONG. 2D SES^.—No. 265.
enrolled bills, etc., signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and joint res-
olutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 48-5) to aid the improve-
ment of the D es Moines and Rock Island rapids
in the Mississippi river;
An act (H. R. No. 1081) for the relief of
John A. Neustaedter;
An act (H. R. No. 1284) imposing taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 326) for the
relief of Henry B. Ste. Marie ;
Joint resolution (H. Ii. No. 331) to grant
American register to Hawaiian brig Victoria;
Jointresolution (H. R. No. 338) exonerating
certain vessels of the United States from the
payment of tonnage fees to consular agents in
Canada; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 341) for the
relief of Z. M. Hall.
The Committee of the Whole then resumed
the consideration of the bill providing for the
funding op tiie national debt.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
bill by adding to it the following :
Sec. —. Be it further enacted, &c., That on and after
the 1st day of January. 1869, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall provide for the redemption in coin of
all United States notes which maybe presented at
the Treasury or to any Assistant Treasurer for that
purpose. And to enable him to do so, he is author-
ized to sell, or negotiate, or exchange, in the Uuited
States, or elsewhere, as many as may be necessary of
the bonds provided to be issued by the first section
of this act. But this shall not bo held to prevent the
Secretary from reissuing such notes so redeemed, to
an amount not exceeding $100,000,000.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word " nego-
tiate" the words " at not less than par so
that the context will read: "and to enable
him to do so he is authorized to sell, negotiate
at not less than par, or exchange, in the United
States, or elsewhere," &c.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a question of
order—that the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] is not ger-
mane to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
it is in order. It relates directly to a funding
system.
The amendment to the amendment was
adopted, there being—ayes sixty-four, noes
not counted.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Matkat.d, as amended.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentleman who
offers the amendment to explain what is the
practical effect of it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to debate.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The amendment as amended was not agreed
to, there being—ayes eleven, noes not counted.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend by adding the
following as a new section :
And be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury shall, as soon as practicable, withdraw
from circulation tho national currency furnished to
banks, and supply its place by the issue ot legal-
tender United States Treasury notes, known as
" greenbacks." under such rules and regulations as
may be established by the Treasury Department.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to a point of order,
that that amendment is not germane to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend by
adding the following as a new section:
Andbr it further enacted. That section three of this
act shall be construed to apply only to the bonds
and securities of the Uuited States which arc ex-
pre^sly payable in thclawtal money of the United
States.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. Last evening three
amendments were by unanimous consent re-
served, and they will now be acted oni Iho
firbt amendment, offered by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] will be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
In lines twenty-one and twenty-two of section ono
strike out the words " and the proceeds thereof;"
strike out line twenty-three and insert in lieu thereof
the words "of or in;" so that the, clause will read:
And the said bonds shall be exclusively used for
the redemption of, or in exchange for, an equal
amount ot any of the present interest-bearing debt
of the United States, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN". The next amendment
on which a vote was reserved was that of the
gentlemanfromIndiana, [Mr. Niblack:,] which
will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend section one by striking out these words:
Which said bonds shall be exempt from taxation
in any form by or under State, municipal, or local
authority, and the same and the interest thereon.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Which said obligations shall be liable to taxation
by or under State, municipal, or local authority to
the same extent as money is taxed under such State,
municipal, or local authority, and no greater.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee of Ways
and Means propose that these low interest
bonds shall be free from taxation ; but as the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] pro-
poses to tax them, will he not modify his
amendment so as to provide that the tax shall
not exceed three and sixty-five hundredths per
cent? [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. No, sir; I cannot make
that modification.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 21, noes 65; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Kelsey and Mr.
Niblack.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 30, noes 77.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, would it
be in order to put it on the Journal that the
count just made by the tellers showed a strict
party vote? [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN, it would not be. The
next amendment on which a vote was reserved
was offered by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Broomall.] It will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all of the lirst section after the enacting
clause, and insert the following: .
That tho Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thored to issue coupon or registered bonds of tho
United States in such form and of such denomina-
tions not less than $100 as he may prescribe, redeem-
able in coin at the end of twenty, thirty, and iorty
years respectively, and bearing the following rates
of yearly interest, payable semi-annually, in com,
that is to say: the issue of bondsfalling due m twenty
years shall bearinterest at five percent.; bonds tail-
ing due in thirty years shall bear interest at lour and
a half per cent.; and bonds lallingduc in forty years
shall bear interest at four per cent.; which said
bonds shall be exempt from taxation in any lorm by
or under State, municipal, or local authority, and
the same and the interest thereon, and the income
thereirom, shall be exempt irom the payment ot ail
taxes or duties to the United States; and thesaid
bonds and the proceeds thereol shall be exclusively
used for the redemption of or in exchange tor an
equal amount ot any of the present interest-bearing
debt of the United States other than the three per
cent, certificates and debts past due or maturing
before the end of the present iiscal year, and may be
.issued to an amount, in the aggregate, sufficient to
cover tho principal ot allf outstanding or existing
obligations us limited herein, and no more; but not
cxceecing $700,000,000 shall bo redeemable at any
one time.
The question was taken ; and the amendment
was rejected, only twenty-one voting in the
affirmative.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question next
recurred on the substitute proposed by Mr.
Boutwell.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
hereby is, authorized to issue coupon or registered
bonds of the United States in such form as ho may
prescribe of tho denomination of ilOO, or of any mul-
tiple of SI00, redeemable in coin of the presentstand-
aid value ot tlie United States, and upon tho follow-
ing terms and conditions, that is to say:
Firxt. The Secretary of the freasM0
bonds as aforesaid to the amount m all ot
redeemable at the pleasure ot the
tiuio atter the 1st day of July. A. D., 1«W. and &ew
ing interest yearly at the rateofhveper cent.
payable semi-annual y. And suoh bondi
income therefrom shall b? ghaii bo liable to
cipal, or local taxation, butUnited
sueli income tax as may be> 1'eeding, however,
States upon other moome, no feon(js. ailti
^Suntofthrtax^MI £ deducted from the
