1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3201
for the driver of such vehicle; for
othor live creature, one cent.
any hog, sheep, or
I agree to that araend-
Mr. INGERSOLL
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. "We ought
to have the certificate of some officer that it
has been built before toll is collected.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the amendment will be considered as adopted.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. After the
word " cent," in the twelfth line, section five,
I move to insert the following :
Whieli said certificate shall be published for three
weeks in two daily papers in the city of Washington
at the expense of this company.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I agree to that.
There being no objection the amendment
was considered as adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
another amendment which I hope the gentle-
man will agree to, and it is this: it is required
that it shall be lawful for said lessees to com-
mute those rates to persons requiring yearly
passes. Of course it would be lawful without
any legislation by Congress. I want to make
it obligatory. This may be a great thorough-
fare across which the people from Virginia will
brintr their market products, and it is of great
importance that they should be permitted to
commute. I want to amend the section so it
will read as follows :
Provided, however. That it shall ho oblisatory on
saidlessees to coramutc those rates to persons requir-
ing yearly passes at a reduction of the rates herein
specified of at least twenty-five per cent.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to that. Every-
body permanently located on each side ot the
bridge would of course come and demand their
commutation passes, and the result might be a
great loss to the company. There is no obliga-
tion which compels the people to go over this
bridge. It is a private enterprise. These parties
have already expended §2.'50,000 on this canal
and aqueduct. They do not ask any aid from
the Government. The gentleman asks some-
thing unreasonable, and I think unfair.
Mr. MULLINS. Inform me how much the
Government paid toward this aqueduct i We
now propose to give it to this company.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Nothing that I know of.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to offer some amend-
ments.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will hear them.
Mr. PAINE. I move to strike out in sec-
tion four these words:
And they may have such other rights and powers,
and under such restrictions as at present are pro-
vided in the general railroad laws 01 the otato ol
Vnsmia. _
Inasmuch as this road comes into the Dis-
trict of Columbia it seems to me absurd that
we should allow the State ol Virginia, even it
Virginia were admitted into the Union, to
make laws fcrr the road; and I, for one, cannot
vote for a bill which allows Virginia to inter-
fere in this District in this way. I hope the
gentleman from Illinois will allow me to move
the amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I agree to that.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. PAINE. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Strike out the following words in reference to the
connections of this railroad: .
Or with any other railroad running to said city,
or with any railroad runnin® to Georgetown, in tho
District of Columbia.
The reason of *fcat amendment, is that in
passing this section as it now stands it will
confer rights without any limit in the future.
We should know what rights and powers we
confer upon this company.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I agree to that.
There being no objection, the amendment
was considered agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I should like to inquire
whether this is a report from a committee.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is. .
Mr. BUTLER. Is the gentleman authorized
to accept these amendments?
40xh Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 201.
The SPEAKER. Hehas not done so. They
were severally agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to ask this ques-
tion : whether or not the piers and superstruc- j
ture on which this railroad and bridge are to j
rest have not already cost the Government
two million dollars nearly? j
Mr. INGERSOLL. They have not.
Mr. BUi'LER. How much?
Mr. INGERSOLL. AU there is about that
is this: duriug the progress of the work, some
thirty years ago or more, the canal company
threw a quantity of debris into the river, to
some extent injuring the channel of the Poto-
mac. A large amount of broken stone, earth,
&c., accumulated, and there was complaint
made with regard to it. Thereupon Congress
appropriated $300,000 to the company upon
condition that all that dibris should be removed
by the company, and that in future no more
should be deposited there. At the time that
appropriation was made the entire county of
Alexandria, through which this canal was in-
tended to and now does run, was within the
limits of the District of Columbia, forming
the territory over which Congress exercised
exclusive legislation.
Mr. BU I'LER. Who built these stone piers
upon which the aqueduct rests mentioned in
the second section ? Did not Congress do
that ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir. Tho original
canal company chartered by Congi ess received
from Congress an appropriation of $o00,000
upon the condition 1 have named ; but, sir, if
the Government should pay a reasonable com-
pensation for the aqueduct which it used during
the live years of the war, which it had exclusive
control of, and in the use ot it destroyed the
canal and its franchise altogether, so that at
the close of the war that property, which had
cost a great many hundreds of thousands ol
dollars, was almost worthless, it would amount
to far more than three hundred thousand dol-
lars. The Government has almost destroyed
this property without paying oue dollar ot' com-
pensation to the old company, and none is pro-
posed to be paid now.
Mr. Bb I'LER. Why should the Govern-
ment pay tor damages done 111 the State oi
Virginia, which was disloyal, any more than
in the rest of tho rebel States?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Nobody proposes to
pay for damages in that or any other disloyal
part of the country.
Mr. BU I'LER- That is tho proposition.
Mr. INGERSOLL, No,sir; that is not the
proposition before the House. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. RAUM. I ask the gentleman to allow
the following amendment to come in at the end
of the bill:
And provided further, That Congress hereby rc-
servos the right to regulate the toils oil said bridge.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not think that
Congress should reserve the right to regulate a
private enterprise because it happens to be a
bridge across the Potomac at Georgetown any
more than the right to regulate the price ot
calico in Massachusetts. I do not allow the
amendment to be offered. . T ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman will admit the usual provision in
bills of this sort. I presume he does not intend
to have it passed without such a proviso as this,
which I ask to be allowed to move as an addi-
tional section:
gj.c _ And be it further enacted, That the right is
hereby reserved to Congress to amend, alter, or repeal
this act.
Mr. INGERSOLL. All right.
The amendment of Mr. Washburse, of Illi-
nois, was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. A single
question. Is it understood that the amend-
ment in regard to tolls and commutation is
pending and to be voted upon t
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is not; Mr. Speaker,
my time is rapidly running away, and I cannot
admit that amendment. I have yielded very
1 liberally, but I cannot yield any further. I
demand the previous question on the bill and
amendments.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 49, noes 23 ; no quoium voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Chair appointed
Messrs. Ingersoll and Humphrey.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes sixty-four, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays on ordering the preamble to
the bill to be engrossed.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The preamble was ordered to be engrossed—
ayes C7, noes 40.
Tho bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL SAl'13 DHl'OStT COMPANY.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
the recommendation that it do pass, the bill
(II. R. No. 579) supplemental to an act to
incorporate the National Safe Deposit Com-
pany of Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, approved January 2'2, 1807.
Tiie bill was read. The first section empow
ers the National Sale Deposit Company to
receive on deposit from time to time such sums
of money, not less than ten cents, as may bo
offered by tradesmen, clerks, mechanics, labor-
ers, servants, minors, married women, and
others, and to invest the same in stocks of the
United Slates, or sneli oilier security or securi-
ties as may from lime to time be authorized by
the board of directors of said corporation. The
corporation shall receive all sums of current
money offered as aforesaid, and iuvestUie same
in the manner aforesaid, and as soon as practi-
cable they shall allow to the depositors interest
on their deposits, to bo regulated by the board
of directors, and they shall pay the amounts
deposited, with the interest thereon, or any
part thereof, not less than ten cents, to the
depositors at the place of business of said cor-
poration at any time during business hours, on
demand. ,
The second section provides that the board
of directors shall regulate the rate of interest
upon deposits and publish the same annually ;
that interest shall not be allowed to any
depositor until his deposit amounts to five dol-
lars, the interest to be calculated by calendar
months only, and no interest to be allowed for
tho fraction of a month; that deposits made
by minors or married women may be repaid
to them and their receipt shall discharge the
said corporation from any further claims for
sums so repaid.
The third section authorizes the company to
receive and hold on deposit and in trust,
estate, real and personal, including the notes,
bonds, obligations, and accounts of estates and
individuals and of companies and of corpora-
tions, and the same to purchase, eollect, adjust,
and settle, and also to sell and dispose ot the
same in any market in the United States or
elsewhere without proceeding in law and equity,
and for such price and at such times as may be
agreed upon between them and parties con-
tracting with them; that the company shall
also possess and have the power to make insur-
ance for the fidelity of persons holding places
of responsibility and trust.
The fourth section authorizes the company to
increase their capital stock to $500,000.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Certainly..
Mr. GARFIELD. If this bill is merely to
provide for safe deposit, it seems to m p
fectly proper ; but as I caught the readmg of
the bill, it authorizes them to do a lw?l£e:«
business and insurance business. I did no
