1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1153
ant, and that such matters were unfit for the inauiry
of the jury; and that it was sufficient to bring the
defendant within the provisions of the law, if, hav-
ing notice, either by the verbal declaration of those
who had the fugitive in custody or were attempting
to seize him, or by circumstances brought home to
the defendant, that the person was a fugitive or was
arrested as such."
Ignorance of the law, an honest belief that
the person whom you are harboring, whom
you are endeavoring to save from the clutch
of the slave-hunter, does not owe the service
that is named, is no excuse at all. Why ?
Because the fugitive slave law says that if any
man "voluntarily resists this hunter, if any man
voluntarily harbors or conceals the fugitive,
he is denounced with the penalties that the law
provides. Where the law undertakes to con-
trol his voluntary actions instead of his mali-
cious mptivcs, as in the case of murder, the
law does does not allow a man to judge of the
fitness of the law itself, and to screen himself
behind a barrier, be it ever so fine or affection-
ate or sympathetic of motives, in testing the
character of his act. Therefore, sir, it is
entirely immaterial, in any legal or just sense
whatever, whether this man's motive really
was affection for his son or whether it was
something more, because the act which the law
says he shall not do is voluntary; it is an act
of the will, not of the heart, if I correctly un-
derstand language. He has voluntarily given
aid, counsel, countenance, or encouragement
to persons of the description that his son was.
He knew his son was a rebel. He knew that
his heart was full of hostility to the country.
He knew that the comrades and friends of his
§on were in organized hostility to the country
only a few miles away; and in the face of all
that, the son comfortably at home under his
control, he advances to this son, as he substan-
tially characterizes it himself, the means to go
and join his comrades in the rebel lines.
As I said in the beginning, Mr. President,
this is a case of more importance than Sena-
tors seem to suppose. If a man standing as
this man does is to be admitted into this coun-
cil Chamber of the States, where all the States
have interests as deep as those of Maryland, and
where they under the Constitution have just as
good a right to say what sort of a man shall
come here as she has to say what sort of a man
she will send, and indeed, a paramount right
and duty, I say it is of the greatest moment
that, in this first case—a man who, if there is
any truth in testimony, or any truth in the
history of his conduct, is as much a rebel as
any man who raised his arms in hostility to
the Government—we should stand behind the
strong barrier of the Constitution and the law
and resist this perilous encroachment upon the
national safety. It is useless, as things are
going on in this country, for us to be raising
our voices month after month and year after
year against the enactment of this same scene
over and over again if the Senate is ready to
take up the position that it will readmit into
the Government of the country—not into the
protection of its laws; they have that now—
the men who undertook to overthrow it and
those who counseled and aided them in that
work. If they are the counselors that the
States and the people wish to rule over them
and to make laws for them, say so ; here is an
.excellent opportunity; if they do not, let us
say so now and forever.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, at the begin-
ning of this debate I certainly had 110 intention
to take part in it. I was almost entirely unac-
quainted with the facts.' After I listened to
the eloquent speech of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts I was still not satisfied. I was only
satisfied when I heard the argument of my
colleague. I hesitate to speak now, after the
very able speech of the Senator from Vermont,
but"I wish to make a few points in reply to the
argument of my colleague.
As has been well remarked, this is a question
of more importance than at the first glance we
are disposed to suppose. By the Constitution
■ of the United States each House of Congress is
made the judge of the qualifications of its own
40th Gong. 2d Sess.—No. 73.
members; and, sir, if a duty devolves upon us
which is higher than any other, more sacred
than any other, it is that we shall preserve these
bodies, which represent the sovereignty of the
American people, pure and undefiled from the
stain of disloyalty. s
Mr. President, we have had the sad expe-
rience of a long, fearful, destructive war, wast-
ing the blood and treasure of the nation, all
because there were a few revolutionary spirits
seeking the establishment of a new empire and
the extension of an odious institution, the
institution of slavery, that they might estab-
lish a government in which they would have
complete power. This was the cause of the war;
and now if the Congress of the United States
shall admit, one by.one, disloyal Senators and
Representatives upon the floors of the two
Houses, what can we expect but a repetition
of this bloody and cruel war ? What can wc
expect but a new rebellion? This country
cannot stand another rebellion. Anarchy, to
result in military despotism, must be the result
of another such war. I have not, however,
risen to enter at length into any argument of
this case. Tt is only upon the testimony as
detailed by my colleague that I venture to make
any remarks.
The question is, did the applicant for admis-
sion as a Senator upon the floor of the Senate
render assistance or give aid or countenance
to the rebellion ? Can he take the oath that
he did not do so ?
I agree -with the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts that if we suffer an applicant
for admission to this floor to go and take the
oath administered by the Presiding Officer, in
which he swears that he has not given assist-
ance, when we know that he has given assist-
ance, to rebellion; we compromise ourselves,
we are jparticeps criminis; we commit the same
offense that he does; because we suffer him
knowingly and voluntarily to take an oath
which we know ourselves to be false. I was
one who voted against the admission of the
Senator from Tennessee. While we had a test-
oath which required a man to swear that he
had never held an office under the rebellion,
when he rose in his seat and admitted that he
had held such an office, and when Senators
permitted him to go to the stand, and, he ap-
pealing to Almighty God to witness the truth
of what he said, to swear that he had never
held an office under the rebellion, I think that
we, knowing that he had, must have partici-
pated in the crime, if crime it be, which he
himself committed.
The question is did Mr. Thomas render assist-
ance, did he give aid and comfort to the rebel-
lion? This is a question of fact. I will always
yield to my colleague upon a question of law.
His opinions upon law are convincing with me;
they are conclusive with me; but in this case
I act as a juror; the Senate is a jury ; and it
is a question of fact which we are called upon
to decide. The question now is did the appli-
cant give aid or countenance to this rebel-
lion? What is the testimony as detailed by
my colleague? Suppose this was a case before
a jury, and a witness testified in behalf of Mr.
Thomas before a jury that he advised this son
not to go in aid of the rebellion; he said he
was no secessionist; the son had better stay
at home; "but then, if you do go. I will fur-
nish you with the money to go." Was not
that aid ; was not that countenance, given to
(lie rebellion? How would a jury decide such
a question—a mere question of fact, on this
testimony as detailed by my colleague himself?
But, says my colleague, it was a father ; it
was a parental feeling that prompted him to
give the son that money. 0 heavens; it
was a parental feeling which prompted him to
give money to his son to go out and stab at
the life of the nation! That was a beautiful
specimen of the warm parental feeling which
animated the man! I confess that there is no
tie stronger than that which binds the father
to the child. I confess, moreover, that when-
ever my child is in distress to the utmost
extent of my ability he shall have all my
means and my assistance ; but if my child
comes to me and says "I am going out to fight
against my country, I am going to stab the
life of the mother who bore me," then I will
say, "Sir, you shall starve, you shall go naked
the rest of your life, you shall die in my sight,
before you shall have one dime of money with
which to prosecute your unholy purpose."
Sir, no man would say that sooner than my
colleague. He would say to his sbn in such a
case that he would not furnish him with one
cent, that being his treasonable, unholy, wicked,
and damnable purpose.
Sir, the facts are admitted. There is no
question as to the facts. There is no law about
it. The question is did he give aid and counte-
nance to the rebellion. Suppose, Mr. President,
that my son had come to me in the State of
Illinois and told me that he had joined a con-
spiracy to take the life of President Lincoln,
to assassinate President Lincoln, and I had
said to him, " You ought not to do any such
thing; it is wrong, it is a wicked purpose ; but
if you must go I am a father, my son must not
starve on the way to do this deed ; I have pater-
nal feeling; he must not go naked and I fur-
nish money, and with that money he buys the
dagger which he plunges into the heart of
the greatest statesman of the age! Would I
be held guiltless in such an event? Money,
sir, is the sinew of war, as we know from the
vast amounts, millions upon millions, which
we have expended in the prosecution of this
war. Money is also the sinew of the soldier.
Without money this young man could not have
carried out his purpose in opposition to Ilia
country.
The truth is that he was one of the Hotspurs
of the South—one of the pinks of southern
chivalry—one of those who believed that one
southern man could whip five northern men in
a fair and equal fight; he was one of the slave-
bred oligarchs; and too many young men not
only in the South but in the North thought it
a peculiar glory and took peculiar credit in
declaring themselves the chivalrous sons of the
South. This young Hotspurof the South goes
to the applicant for a seat on this floor, who
says to him, " You know I am no secessionist;
I do not want the rebellion to succeed; but
yon are my son, and here are $100." That is
the whole state of the case. I, sir, would have
said to him, "Starve before you raise your
hand against the mother who bore you and who
has protected you." The facts are admitted ;
and now shall the American Senate upon such
a case as this—upon a case as plain as this—
commence the work of readmitting the men
who compassed the life of the nation—who
sought the murder of this glorious nation of
ours, and by giving them seats upon this floor
allow them again to plant the seeds of a new
rebellion and of another disastrous civil war ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I will not
detain the Senate long by the few observations
I desire to make on this case. Until the last
hour I have not designed to say anything about
it but to cast a silent vote. I will ask the Sec-
retary to read the pending amendment offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
Strike out all after the word "resolved" and
insert:
That Philip F. Thomas, Senator-elect from Mapr-
land, cannot be admitted to take the oaths of othce
required by the Constitution and laws, inasmuch as
ho allowed his minor son to leave the paternal house
and serve asarebel soldier, and gave him at the time
$100 in money, all of which was aid, countenance, or
encouragement to the rebellion, which he was tor-
bidden to give; and further, inasmuch as m forbear-
ing to disclose and make known the treason ot ins
son to the President or other proper authorities, ac-
cording to the requirement of the statute in such
eases, lie was guilty of misprision of treason as defined
by existing law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have concluded that it
is my duty to vote against the admission of
Mr. Thomas, but I cannot vote against him for
the reasons stated by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and I shall, therefore, vote against
his amendment. It is always a bad thing to
attempt to give reasons when there is no neces-
