4226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
interest upon such bonds when the interest thereon
is paid.
Second. The Secretary of the Treasury may also
issue bonds as atoresaid to tho further amount of
$400,000,000, redeemable at the pleasure of the Gov-
ernment at any time altei tho 1st day of July, A.D.,
18S8, and bearing interest yearly at the rate of four
and a half of one per cent, in coin, payable semi-
annually. And such bonds and the income there-
Jiom shall be exempt from State, local, and muni-
cipal taxation, but they shall be liable to such income
ux as may be levied bythe United States upon other
incomes, not exceeding, however, three per cent, of
tho interest upon such bonds, and the amount of the
tax shall be deducted from the interest upon such
bonds when the interest thoreon is paid.
Third. That the Secretary of th© Treasury may also
issue bonds as aforesaid to the further amount of
$400,000,00#, redeemable at the pleasure of the Gov-
ernment at any time after the 1st day of July, A. D.,
1893, and bearing interest yearly at the rate of three
sixty-five hundredths of one per cent, payable semi-
annually in com. The interest and principal of such
bonds shall be made payablo in the United States, or
at London, Paris, or Frankfort, at the option of the
taker, and shall bo exempt iroui all taxation in or
by the United States, and the principal and interest
thereof shall be paid asal'oresaid without any abate-
ment or deduction whatever.
Holders of bonds known as live-twenty bonds may
exchange such bonds lor the bonds in this suction
specified, applicant*? for an exchange of bonds may,
withiu the limits prescribed by this act, designate
the tunc when and the place where the new bonds
issued to them shall be made payable, and nothing
iu this act contained shall be construed to authorize
tiie Secretary of the Treasury to issue bonds except
in exchange fur five-twenty bonds.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That from and
alter the passage of this act no percentage, deduc-
tion, commission, or compensation of any amount
or kind shall be allowed to any person for tho sale,
negotiation, or exchange of any bonds or securities
of the United States, or of any coin or bullion dis-
posed of at the Treasury Department or elsewhere
ou account of the United States; and all acts and
parts of acts authorizing or permitting, by construc-
tion or otherwise, the Secretary of the Treasury to
appoint any agent other than some proper officer of
his .Department to make such sale or negotiation of
bonds and securities are hereby repealed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized
and directed to use the sum of $25,000,000 of coin in
the Treasury, and not otherwise appropriated, in the
purchase of five-twenty bonds at the market price,
as hereinafter provided, the samo to be held by tho
Treasurer of the United States as a sinking fund, in
accordancc with the provisions of £hc fifth section
of an act passed February 'Z\ 1862, entitled "An act
to authorize the issue of United States notes, and
lor the redemption or funding thereof, and for fund-
ing the floating debt of the United States."
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, the Treasurer of tho United
States, and the Attorney General, be, and they hereby
are, constituted a commission for the purchase of
bonds as required in the preceding section. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall, from time to time, give
public notice lor proposals tor the sale of said bonds
to the United States, and said commissioners may
accept such proposals as they deem advantageous to
the p.tblic interests. The bonds so purchased shall
bo legibly and indelibly marked 44 The property of
the loan sinking fund of the United States." Tho
Treasurer shall cause tho interest to be paid upon
such bonds, and the amount thereof shall in like
manner be invested in the bonds of the United
States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the purchases
of bonds herein authorized shall be made during the
fiscal year commencing July 1,18G8.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, required
to give public noiice whenever the amount of coin
in the Treasury, belonging to the United States,
exceeds $20,000,000 in addition to the amount appro-
priated by tho third section^ of this act, that ho will
anticipate the payment of interest then first to be-
come due upon the bonds of the United States to an
amount as near as may be of the excess over said
$20,000,000; such payments to be subject to a rebate
of interest at the rato specified in the bonds.
SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and ho is hereby, prohibited
from making sales of gold for any purpose whatso-
ever.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Is the question debat-
able?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. CULLOM. Cannot the gentleman be
allowed to go on by unanimous consent?
The CHAIRMAN. He cannot, as the
committee is acting under the order of the
House.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move the
following amendment to the substitute;
Add to the end of section one:
Provided, That in all cases where the individual
ownei and holder in good faith of any ofsuoh bonds
bemg a resident of the United States shall make it
appear under oath, in such form as the Secretary of
the Treasuiy may prescribe, that tho net income of
such individual from all sources, for the year pre-
ceding one month prior to the time when such inter-
est may be payable, did not exceed two hundred
dollars—then and in all such cases the interest on
such bonds so owned and held shall bo paid without
any deduction whatever.
The amendment "was disagreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the com-
mittee rise, so as to allow debate on the sub-
stitute.
The committee1 divided ; and there were—
ayes 51, noes 59.
Mr. BOUTWELL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Boutwell
and Mr. Logan were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 55, noes 68.
So the substitute was rejected.
Mr. KELSEY]*- I move the following sub-
stitute.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
in lieu thereof tho following:
That the Secretary of tho Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to issue registered or coupon bonds of the
United States in such form and of such denomina-
tions as he may prescribe, not less than fifty dollars,
or some multiple of that sum, payablo, principal
and interest, in coin, at such places in Europe or the
United States as he shall designate and bearing
interest at five per cent, per annum, payable semi-
annually, and boaring date so as to require the pay-
ment of an equal amount of the interest quarterly;
such bonds to be payablo in lifty years from date, and
to be redeemable in coin at the pleasure of the Uni-
ted States alter twenty-five years from date; to be
issued to an amount sufficient to cover all outstand-
ing or existing interest-bearing obligations of the
United States, and to be exchanged for such obliga-
tions or disposed of in such manner and on such
terms, not less than par, as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may deem most conducivc to the interests of the
Government; and the said bonds and tho proceeds
thereof shall bo exclusively used for tho redemption
of, or in exchango for, the existing interest-bearing
securities of tho United States.
Sec. 2, And be it further enacted, That tho bonds
issued under the first section of this act «hall be
known as tho 44 consolidated debt of tho United
States," and the sameshall be exempt from taxation
in any form, by or under State, municipal, or local
authority, and the same and the interest thereon,
and tho income therefrom, shall bo exemptfrom the
payment of all taxes or duties to the United States,
except that there shall be deducted from the inter-
est or coupons of said bands, at the time of paying
such interest or coupons, one half of one per cent,
on said bonds semi-annually, as taxes, which taxes
shall be somi-annually invested in the bonds hereby
authorized to be issued, and shall, together with the
interest that shall accrue upon the bonds so pur-
chased, form a sinking fund for tho payment of tho
national debt; and the sinking fund hereby created
shall be in lieu of the sinking fund contemplated
by the fifth section of the act entitled 44 An act to
authorize tho issue of United States notes, and for
the redemption or funding thereof, and for funding
the floating debt of the United States," approved
February 25,1802.
Sec. 3 .And be it further enactcd, That the several
interest-bearing bonds of the United States that are
redeemable at the pleasure of the United States after
a certcin number of years from their date, shall, at
tho option of tho holder thereof, be exchanged for
th© bonds authorized by this act: Provided, That
such bonds as aro now redeemable shall be present-
ed for exchange within six months after this act
takes effect, and such bonds as hereafter become re-
deemable shall be presented for exchange within six
monthsal'ter the same shall become redeemable, and
such oxchange shall bo made at such places and
under such regulations as tho Secretary of tho Treas-
ury may prescribe.
Sec. 4. And be it further cnacted, That the bonds
issued pursuant to the provisions of this act may be
deposited with the Treasurer of the United States as
security for the redemption of national bank notes
pursuant to the provisions of an act entitled 4,An
act to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States stocks, and to provide for
the circulation and redemption thereof," appioved
February 25,1863, and from and after one year from
the passage of this act the bonds herein authorized
to bo issued shall be the only bonds deposited with
the Treasurer of theUnited States as security for the
redemption of national bank notes pursuant to said
act, and all bonds now deposited with tho Treasurer
as security for the redemption of national bank
notes shall be withdrawn and the bonds authorized
by this act to be issued shall be substituted therefor.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr, KELSEY. Is this amendment debat-
able?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not; debate is
closed.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment.of Mr. Kelsey, it was disagreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I offer an amendment in
the nature of a substitute which I send to the
Chair.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to issue coupon or registered bonds of the
United States in such form and of such denomina-
tions notless than filty dollars as he may prescribe,
redeemable in coin at the pleasure oi the United
States after forty years, and bearing interest, pay-
able semi-annually in coin, at the rate of three and
sixty-five hundreths per cent, per aunum, which
said bonds shall bo exempt from taxation in any
form by or under State, municipal, or local authority,
and the same and the interest thereon, and the in-
come therefrom, shall be exemptfrom the payment
of all taxes or duties to the United States, other than
such income tax as may be assessed upon other in-
comes ; such bond to be issued to an amount, m the
aggregate, sufficient to cover the principal of aH out-
standing or existing obligations of the United States
and no more. _
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That immediately
after the taking effect of this act the Secretary of the
Treasury of the United States shall give notice to
all persons holding obligations against the United
States, except the holders of Treasury notes, to pre-
sent tho same at maturity at the Treasury of tho
United States for payment. That all bonds of the
United States, payable at the pleasure of tho Gov-
ernment after five years from their date, commonly
known as the five-twenties, and all such as are pay-
able at the pleasure of tho Government alter three
years from their date, known as seven-thirties, shall
each be regarded as due and payable after five and
three years from their dates respectively; and such
Secretary of the Treasury shall pay all such obliga-
tions and bonds in the lawful currency of the United
States, except as hereinafter provided; or such per-
son or persons holding such bonds or obligations may
exchange such bonds and obligations, in amounts of
fifty dollars or multiples of that sum, for an equal
amount of the bonds as provided for in tho first sec-
tion of this act, under such rules and regulations as
the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe. That
all bonds issued prior to the 25th day of February.
1862, and all bonds known as the ten-forties, and all
other obligations where the United States expiessly
stipulated to pay the same in coin, shall be so paid
in coiu, or the same may, at the pleasure of the
holder or holders, except the interest payable iu
com on bonds, bo converted in equal amounts into
the bonds provided for in the first section of this act,
at any timo within two years after the passage of
tuis act, under such rules and regulations as may bo
prescribed by such Secretary of the Treasury.
Sue. o. And bait further enacted, That in order to
enable the Secretary of the Treasury to make the
payments as provided for in the second section of
this act, he shall be required from time to time to
issue and pay out upon such indebtedness sueu
amount of Treasury notes, commonly known as
greenbacks, as may be required to pay off suuli
bonds and obligations of the United States, not pay-
able in coin, as fast as the same may be presented
for payment, as provided for in said second section
ot this act, where the person or persons presenting
tho same shall prefer payment in the Treasury notes
Of the United States to the exchange of his or their
bonds or obligations for the bonds forming the funded
debt, as provided for in the first section of this act ;
and such Treasury notes so issued and paid out as
provided in this section shall have and possess all
the legal qualities and bo in every respect as bind-
ing upon the United States as its Treasury notes
heretofore issued and known as greenbacks.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it any person
or persons holding bonds or other obligations against
the United States which shall be drawing interest,
and such person or persons shall not present tho
same at such Treasury or such other place as such
Secretary shall prescribe for payment or exchange
as provided in the third section of this act, within
six months after such notice when the same are
due, or within six months after the same shall be-
come due, after such notice as provided in said third
section, then tho interest on such bond or obligation
shall cease from the date of six months after such
notice, or within six months after such bond or obli-
gation shall become due after such notice as afore-
said; and such Secretary of the Treasury shall,
when such bond or obligation, so drawing interest'
is presented for payment or exchange, only allow
interest on suehbondforsixmonths after such notice
or tor six months after the same becomes due after
such notice as atoresaid, as provided in this act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all bonds or
other obligations of the United States received in
exchange lur bonds authorized to be issued by the
first section of tins act, and all such as shall be paid
lor by such Secretary m the lawful currenev oi rbo
united btates, shall be canceled by cutting wnh
canceling hammer or punch when the same are
taken up. And such Secretary shall keep an accu-
rate account of all such bonds and obligations so
taken up and cancelcd and the amount of such ^
were paid for in Treasury notes, and the amounts
i£5i r-eceivJecim ^hange for the bonds author-
ii! ft e 1S3?cd ®?y the trst section of this ac.', and
P,umber' date. und amount of each bond i>o
^\vcn out m exchange, as aforesaid, and
Tirhiiiw^hft0! pier6£F-t0 whom the same was issued,
wnich bonds and obligations so canceled, and tho
? f01 J30 lssned and amount of money so
paiu out shall be by such Secretary presented to the
hWcss United States upon the first day of its
regular session, alter the same shall have been ?>o re-
anA c?n?®*ed as aforesaid, so that Oongif&s
shall see that all such bonds and obligations so can-
celed are properly destroyed, and the accounts kept
«y such becietary of such cancellation, and of thw
