2178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marclr2B=,
the indorsement and the certificate of the Gov-
ernment officers that my business is legitimately
conducted; but for the crime and offense of
this foreigner who has forced hisgoods into my
district, and is selling them unknown to me for
a period of ten days of time, I am to be pre-
sumed to'be guilty, and to be subject to have
nay establishment seized and held under that
Seizure, Until the Commissioner of Internal
. lleventte is entirely satisfied that my business
is correct. Who is to prove that?
Sir, I repeat, I am presumed to be in the
legitimate pursuit of my business until those
whose duty it is to watch shall be able to prove
to the contrary, and 1 should be exempt from
seizure and its consequences until that is shown.
I submit that it would be a high-handed out-
rage, and entirely changing every principle by
which trade has heretofore been governed, to
allow the fraud of one man to rest with its
stigma upon me and its financial consequences
upon my business. Distilling is just as legiti-
mate a business pursuit, when carried on in
accordance with law, as the manufacture of
leather. It is a known fact that in the manu-
facture of leather, a process that used to take
months and years to do, producing at the end
a very superior article, is supplanted now by
chemical processes that make leather the same
day the bullock is butchered. That leather,
of course, cannot be as good as that produced
in the old way, but is that a reason why a man
who is pursuing that business legitimately should
be seized and stopped'/
I think that the whole series of our laws in
regard to distilleries have rested upon this
hypothesis, which I believe to be wrong, that
every man who pursues the business of distill-
ing is a rascal prima facie. There are some
people who believe that; I do not. And my
friend from Ohio will find as to the consump-
tion of this article that it is not alone used to
gratify the appetites of men, but to minister to
their necessities in a thousand ways that i shall
not take time to describe, which make its man-
ufacture as legitimate a business as any other.
To carry it on to any considerable extent
requires a large outlay of means. There are
difstilleriesin thecitiesof Philadelphia and New
York in which two or three hundred thousand
dollars do not cover the cost ncccssarily in-
curred to enable them to commence to manu-
facture. That property belongs to those who
own it, and, on the theory of our law, is ex-
empt from any interference by any authority
until the fact affirmatively appears that the
owner has broken some law of the country and
thus incurred a forfeiture and become subject
to a penalty. I insist upon it that it is not fair
to change the onus of proof in this respect.
Here a man's establishment is seized without
any pretense of knowledge that he is guilty. It
rests upon the dishonesty of another man with
whom he is not connected, while he is as hon-
est .in his'business as any man can be. Now,
if I am engaged in this business, I am pre-
sumed by this provision to be guilty of a fraud,
and the strong arm of the law and edict of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue shut up my
place and destroy my business. What is the
consequence? Ruin, utter ruin, before the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue will be able
to reach my case, as they tell me in all these
Departments, " in the ordinary course of busi-
ness." That means interminably ; there is no
telling the time when this Commissioner, indus-
trious as he is, will be able to reach a conclusion
whether I am guilty or not.
In addition to that I am subjected to the
scrutiny of these public officials. Make your
law upon them as stringent as you please, but
1 deny the right of Congress to stop me in a
legitimate business that I am pursuing, a busi-
ness recognized by the laws of the country,
until they can show that I have worked a for-
feiture of my right to pursue it. Such a law
would not stand the scrutiny of our legal tri bu-
nals for oue minute. It is at war with the
policy of trade entirely, and the whole theory
of our legislation in regard to the whisky trade
pats it under a system of espionage that makes
every man who pursues it hang his head as he
walks the street.
Now, Mr. President, it? seems to me that this
committee of conference, with due respect to
them, have attempted to do a thing here that
was entirely foreign from the bill upon which
they went out to confer.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 beg to inform my friend
that this very amendment was referred to the
committee of conference.
Mr. NYE. By whom ?
Mr. SHERMAN. By the Senate and House
of Representatives. It was put on in the
House after debate, came to us here as an
amendment to our amendments. I never would
myself allow any new matter to be reported
from a conference committee. I never hav^,
and never will consent to it. But the amencP
ment came to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives, and was sent by the House and
Senate to the committee.
Mr. NYE. The Senate did not concur in
the action of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. The committee have
modified it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ I ask my friend from
Ohio whether the fact is not that it came here
as new matter from the House of Representa-
tives?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes.
Mr. FKSSENDEN. Itwas never discussed
in the Senate ; but a motion was made, which
was agreed to, that wo appoint a committee of
conference without its being made known to
the Senate that such an amendment had been
incorporated in the House. So that, instead
of its being discussed here in the first plane
and then referred to a committee of confer-
ence, the committee took it up without the
knowledge of the Senate that there was any
such thing referred to them. Although it has
been done before, and 1 do not wish to impute
anything to anybody, for I do not feel that any
one ought to be blamed for it, yet the effect of
it is-that the Senate does not come to the
knowledge and discussion of very important
amendments. I think it is better in such
cases, when new matter entirely is put on a
bill in this way, instead of referring it at once
to a committee of conference, to have it read
to the Senate and discussed, so that we may
know what we are referring to the committee
of conference before such a reference is made.
That was not done in this case.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am aware that the
Senate did not know what the amendment was
when the matter was referred to the committee
of conference, because the amendment was not
read to the Senate, and had not been printed ;
but it was referred. The Senator from Maine
well knows, because heandl have alwaysacted
together on these matters, that we have never
allowed, except for special reasons, clear and
definite, the House of Representatives to intro-
duce new matter in the third stage of a bill
in the nature of an amendment to an amend-
ment: and I say now I wouldnot have allowed
this (nor did we allow the amendment as they
passed it) unless for strong and cogent reasons.
Therefore, I do not urge any Senator, unless
his mind is clear on the subject, to vote fortius
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I desire to ask
the chairman of the committee whether it was
the intention of this bill to close up every dis-
tilleiyin the country as soon as the bill passes?
I understand that it will have that effect. The
bill says:
And if such sales below the amount of tlic tax
shall have been continued or shall hereafter be con-
tinued in any collection district for a period of ten
days the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
forthwith causo every distillery in which the busi-
ness of distilling is carried on in the district to be
seized and closed.
I suppose the fact is that in every collection
district in the United States whisky, for ten
days, has been selling for less than the tax. If
that is the purpose of the bill would it not be
better for us directly to pass a law closing the
distilleries?
Mr.' SHERMAN. I have no doubt this
measure would enable the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to close every distillery iti
the great cities of the United States,.but not
in the country districts, because in the coun-
try, and especially at the smaller distilleries,
the price of whisky is higher than the tax, es-
pecially certain classes of whisky, such as old
Bourbon and others, that now command there
and everywhere in the market a higher price-
two and a half or three dollars. This proposi-
tion would enable the Commissioner of Internal
Revenne to close every distillery now running
in the cities. I avow that. Its purpose and
object and design is to enable him to do that in
order to stop, if possible, these frauds.
Mr. FREIjINGHUYSEN. I do not know
that I object to it. I only want to under-
stand it.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, it seems to me
that this bill as it now stands has two objects
in view: first, to stop the collection of any rev-
enue from whisky; and next, to fill up the pen-
itentiaries with Government officials. I do not
know but that, as suggested by my friend in
front of me, [Mr. Howe,] the last would be a
worthy object; but, sir, the result of it is going
to be to stop all revenue whatever derived from
this distillation.
Mr. SHERMAN. We only get three quar-
ters of a million a month now.
Mr. NYE. Well, sir, if it is not collected
the fault does .not lie in this body. If this
Congress would stop legislating upon this sub-
ject with one single enactment to tax the dis-
tilleries of this country upon their capacity,
and get rid of this horde of Government offi-
cials, it would collect, millions where it now
collects thousands, and it would have the sat-
isfaction of knowing that it was not corrupting
all of its own officials at least. .
Now, Mr. President, I say that the powers
conferred by this section are dangerous in every
aspect in which they are viewed, and at war
with the whole theory and policy of trade. If
Congress assumes to establish this system cf
espionage upon this article of distilled spirits
it will be a precedent for doing it upon ail the
pursuits of business in this country; and I de-
sire here to enter my protest against it. The
business men of this country should not have it
undeistood, and Congress should not give them
the power to have it so understood, that they
are pursued by a series of detectives as though
they were assumed to be criminals before they
started in their business. It is derogatory to
us as a nation; and if the theory is adopted
here as a principle we shall stand alone in the
catalogue of nations pursuing great and varied
businesses as having first adopted that system
of espial. Sir, the remedy—and I beg to call
the attention of the chairman of this confer-
ence committee to the fact—lies in another
direction; and I submit, whether upon this bill
it was necessary to have any such provision.
I understand that a bill is now in course of
preparation covering this whole subject, a re-
view of the whole system of laws now extant
in regard to it; and I suggest that it would be
more likely to be harmonious as a whole if we
should leave off this section from this bill, and
let us discuss thoroughly what law is best to
enable the-country to collect this revenue.
I do not desire to take up the time of the
Senate on this question. I have no friend in
the world that 1 know of that runs a distillery.
I never saw one in my life, though 1 have seen
some of the commodities after they were run
out. [Laughter.] I do not know whether
they were manufactured in the district where
I purchased or not ; and I do not suppose it
is in the power of the Senator from Ohio to
determine whether what he drinks was maiiu-
faclured in the district in which he purchased
it or not, or what it costs all the time. If you
establish this principle you at once sap the
i very foundation upon which trade is carried
| on. It is sufficient for me, as 1 have said, to
! be understood as entering my protest against
; putting it in the power of any man on earth to
| .stop me or my friend or any citizen of this
i nation pursuing a legitimate business, unless
