1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4227
bonds and money so paid out aud exchanged, as
aforesaid, are correct.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the committee
rise. The bill, as amended, ought to be printed;
it is so long that we cannotwell understand it.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 32,
noes 74.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Htinter, it was disagreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill and amendments
to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Pome-
rot reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the special order under considera-
tion, being Senate bill No. 207, for funding the
national debt, and for the conversion ot the
notes of the United States, had made sundry
amendments thereto, and had directed him to
report the bill and amendments to the House.
Mr. SCIiENCK. I demand the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
Mr. BOUT WELL. 1 ask the gentleman if
it is his intention to have a vote to-night on the
bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would like to. I do
not know that it will be possible, but I will try
as far as I can. If the yeas and nays are to
be called on the various amendments it is not
likely we can get through with it to-night.
• Mr. BOUTWELL. The vote was so large
on iny proposition in the committee that I feel
bound under a sense of duty to press it in the
House. I would like to have the matter go
over till Monday, so that members may see
the bill in print, as there will be no opportunity
to discuss it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I must ask for a vote on
the previous question.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes (15, noes GO.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; aud the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Boutwell and Schenck.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes GO, noes 73.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I now
move as an amendment the proposition that
I submitted in Committee of the Whole. I
will say that I shall want about ten or twelve
minutes to explain it. Whether I shall do
it to-night, whether it will please the House
better that it should go over till Monday,
is a matter for the judgment of the House.
[Cries of "Go on now!" and "No, no!"
"Let us adjourn 1"] I think in a few minutes
we can get rid of this business ; at any rate I
can so state my views as to be willing to ac-
cept the judgment of the House upon the sub-
stitute which 1 have proposed. 1 think m ten
or twelve minutes I can relieve the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. Do I understand that if
permitted to go on now for ten or twelve min-
utes he then proposes to have a vote on the
substitute, or to have it go over until Monday
morning? I ask this question from the fact
that the substitute is in manuscript. It is not
the printed bill which the gentleman presented,
but is different from it, and if it is to go over
until Monday it had better be printed.
Mr. BOUTWELL. At the suggestion of
several gentlemen, and especially of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
1 will move that the proposed substitute be
printed; and perhaps it would be better that
the bill, with the amendments reported by the
Committee of the Whole, should be printed
wilh it, and then I will yield for a motion to
adjourn.
The motion to print the bill with the amend-
ments and the substitute was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to ascertain the
wish of the House in regard to meeting to-night;
and I wish, with the permission of the House,
to say a word in regard to the situation of
business and the prospect of an adjournment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Isnotmy
motion to adjourn in order? %
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not recog-
nize the gentleman to make that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell]
yielded to me.
The SPEAKER. He yielded also to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Suhexck.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
object to anything but the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the funding bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I cannot say any-
thing as to the prospect of adjournment or the
condition of business?
Mr. UPSON. If the House adjourns now
will there be a night session ?
The SPEAKER. There is an order for an
evening session for general debate, and the
Chair was about to state that he is not in-
formed that any gentlemen desire to speak this
evening, and therefore an adjournment now,
without dispensing with the evening session,
would cause the Hall to be lit up when there
would be no members here to speak.
Mr. SCHENCK. My object was to propose
to go to the business on the Speaker's table
to-night.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Before moving to ad-
journ I move that the evening session be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask to be permitted to
make an inquiry of the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. Can I ask a parliamentary
question in regard to the effect of an adjourn-
ment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state what
the effect of an adjournment would be. _ If the
House dispenses with the evening session and
then adjourns, it will be an adjournment until
Monday at twelve o'clock, and the considera-
tion of this bih will be resumed after the morn-
ing hour. If the evening session is not dis-
pensed with, and the House adjourns now,
there will be an evening session for general
debate.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the Chair
a question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
questions.
Mr. ALLTSON. It is a parliamentary ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The motion to dispense with the evening
session was then agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
84, noes 39.
Mr. ALLISON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 33,
not voting 83 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adam.s, Ames, Anderson, Archer,
Arnell, Ax tell, Bailey, Baker, Banks, Beck, Benton,
Blair, Boutwell, Borden, Boyer, Brooks, Broomali,
Benjamin E.Butler,Cary.SidneyClarke.Oobb.Cobnrn,
Oovode, Cullom, Delano, Dixon, Dockery, Lldridge,
F.unsworth, Femss, Fields, Fox faarhehl, bretz,
Giu^breaner, G-olladay, Grovcr, llaight, Hamilton,
Higby, llooper, Hopkins, Ilunter, Jenckes, John-
son. Thomas L. Jones, Judd, lvelley, kerr, Knott,
Lallin, George V. Lawrence William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Lou?hridgc, Marshall, McCarthy, McKee,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Xiblack, jSieholson, Orth,
Fame, Phelps, Pile, Polsley, Randall, Sawyer, feco-
field, Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Stone,
Taber, Thomas, Lawrence S. Irnnble, Trowbridge
Twichell, Upson, Van Asmara, Van Auken Burt
Tan Horn, Vidal, Ward, Elihu B. VVashburne,
llenry D. Washburn, Thomas W lUiams, vv llliaui
Williams*, James F. Wilson,and Woodward—9*^.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Delos 11. Ashley, Lcatty,
Benjamin, Bingham, Buckland, Lake. Churchill,
Donnelly, Feiry, French. Hill, Chester D. Hubbard,
Ingersoll, Kelsey, Koonlz, Logan, Lynch, Mallory,
Maynard, MeClurg, Moorliead, Mullins, Myers,
O'Neill, Perham, Pomeroy, Raum, Boss, Schenck,
Spalding, Taylor, and William B. Washburn—33.
NOT V OTING—Messrs. James M. Ashl ey.Baldwin,
Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Blackburn. Blaine, Boles,
Bromwell, Burr, ^Roderick R. Butler, Ghanler,
Header W. Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Dawes, Deweesc,
Dodge, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston. Ela. Eiiof, Finney,
Goss, Gravely, Grisvvold, Halsey, Harding, Hawkins,
Heaton, Hinds, Holman, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Alexander H. .Tones, Julian, Ketcham, Kitchen,
Loan, Mann, Marvin, McCormick, MeCullough,
Morrell. Morrissey, Mungen, Newcomb, Newsham,
Nunn, Peters, Pike, Plants, Poland. Price, Pruyn,
Robertson, Robinson, Roots, Selye, Shellabarger, Sit-
greaves, Smith, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens.
Stokes, Sypher, Taffe, John Trimble, Robert T. Van
Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Cadwalflder C.
Washburn, Wclker, Whittemore, John T. Wilson,
Stephen E. Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Wood-
bridge—83.
So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at five o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. CAKE: The petition of William
Wagner, a disabled and honorably discharged
Union soldier, asking an increase of pension.
Also, the petition of Captain Jacob T. Fuhr-
man, a disabled and honorably discharged
Union soldier, asking Congress to order the
payment of his claim for property destroyed.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of
Captain A. M. Brown, Dr. A. A. Yeomans
and others, officers of the Army, asking for
passage of bill to fix and equalize pay of
officers of the Army, and for other purposes.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Colonel
Chandler Crane and 10 others, officers of the
Army, asking a continuance of the increased
pay voted last year.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of officers
of the Army, asking Congress to pass General
Schenck's bill to fix and equalize the pay of
officers and to establish the pay of enlisted
soldiers of the Army.
By Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: The
petition for restoration of William Pollard, of
Mobile, Alabama, late second assistant engin-
eer United States Navy.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 20, 18G8.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday last was dispensed with.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Hendricks to fill the vacancy in the
Committee on Printing, occasioned by the
resignation of Mr. Johnson.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, respecting the assembling of large
bodies of Indians at Fort Larned, Kansas, and
the necessity of providing them with rations.
The letter was read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs';
and I hope, from the importance of it, the
committee will take immediate notice of it.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore presented a
petition of citizens of New York, praying the
adoption of measures for the better treatment
of the Indians ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Lewis P. Olds, of North Carolina, praying for
the removal of disabilities imposed on nun y
acts of Congress ; which was referred to
Committee on the Judiciary. _ nf
He also presented a memorial of c
the United States, Pro'est^a«^of any con-
cation or confirmation by Congress ot any con
