1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
Not at all. No such pretense is made. Why
did he dissuade his son from going into the
rebel army? His son gives the answer:
" "When the raid was made into Maryland after the
battle of Gettysburg I was then anxious to leave and
join the rebel army; and he told me that I ought not
to do it, and as a citizen of the State of Maryland, and
that State in the Union, I had no right whatever to
do it."
But take the other ease. Suppose the State
of Maryland had seceded, who doubts that Mr.
Thomas would have been in the rebel congress,
if he could have got there ? Who doubts where
Mr. Thomas would have been if Maryland had
seceded? Does any Senator here doubt? Does
my honorable friend, [Mr. Johnson,] whose
life is a distinguished example of loyalty, doubt
where, if Maryland had seceded, if the seces-
sionists of Maryland had been able to carry out
their original view and seize on the power of
that State, Thomas would have been? His
advice to his son shows that the only reason he
urged against his joining the rebel army was
first a feeling of natural affection ; and second,
the fact that Maryland had not seceded. This
was an only son, and he desired to retain him
at home; but, if the State of Maryland had
gone out of the Union, it is apparent that he
would have advised his son to join the rebel
army; and no man can read this whole testi-
mony without thinking so. The animus was
there, the spirit of hostility and rebellion to
this Government was there, as shown by the
whole testimony.
But, sir, there is another small shred of tes-
timony produced by the Committee on the
Judiciary which, although it is not conclusive
against Mr. Thomas, yet, as an indication in
harmony with all that has gone before, is a
very strong item. I allude to the speech made
by him when he was elected a Senator of the
United States. I would excuse a good deal to
the hilarity and joy of such an occasion as
that, when Mr. Thomas probably attained the
desire of his cherished ambition. But the tes-
timony of the two correspondents who reported
what was said then shows very clearly, I think,
that Mr. Thomas, in the very acceptance of
the office for which he now seeks to take the
oath, charges you, who he supposed were to be
his associates here, with being traitors to the
country.
I know it is said that the reporter of the
Baltimore American wrote out his report after
the event, but he has given the original notes
from which he wrote it out, and in those notes,
written at the time, with every opportunity, he
has Mr. Thomas saying:
" Now bent on establishment of military despotism.
Goes thereto face these men who are now and always
■were traitors to Union."
These are the words in the original, abbre-
viated notes; and in the expanded notes he
represents Mr. Thomas thus:
"He said they were now bent upon the establish-
ment of a military despotism. He would go to the
Senate to face these men, who are now and always
were traitors to the Union."
ffhere is another report which agrees with
this up to this point, and then there is a flourish
of trumpets instead of what is here stated,
looking very much like a different style, and no
doubt inserted by the correspondent. If this
matter stood alone by itself I would not placc
much weight upon it, because there is the
chance of being misreported, there is the natural
hilarity of such an occasion, and much might
be forgiven to it; but as a straw, to show that
this man's mind was always in the same direc-
tion after he commenced, after the first gun was
fired in hostility to this country, that he con-
tinued from that hour to this, that he no doubt
regards us as traitors to the country, it seems
to^me to show that he is in his heart a disloyal
man, who has done all he could, occupying his
position, to resist the authority of the Govern-
ment of the United States and to overthrow it.
Now, sir, the onlv question left for me is
this: shall the Senate of the United States
break down the barrier by^which vre have
excluded these men from office, by which all
the guilty agents and leaders in this rebellion
have been excluded from the honors of high
position? I would not forgive myself if I
thought the vote I cast against Mr. Thomas
were cast against him because he differs with
me in politics. I would not as cheerfully, to
be sure, but as a matter of duty, admit a man
who disagreed with me in political opinion if
he was elected by the Legislature of a State, as
soon as I would a man of my own political
views. This is a question higher than and
above party polities. Here is the case of a
man who two days after an act of war had been
committed upon our flag deserts his post as
Secretary of the Treasury, deserts it because
there is no power in this Government, in his
opinion, to enforce even the custom-house
laws; who then goes home, retires to his farm,
and there gives all the moral sympathy and all
the moral aid to this rebellion that a man can
in his sphere at home; who only awaits the
secession of Maryland to cast his active physi-
cal force into the scale; who only dissuades his
son from going into the rebel army because
Maryland has not seceded; who is not excited
by the fact that Maryland was invaded, that
the Union was endangered, but only assigned
the fact that Maryland had not seceded as
a reason why his son should not go into the
rebel service; and who, when- elected to high
office and sworn to maintain the Constitution
of the United States, declares that these men,
who have been engaged in defending it, by
whose wisdom and councils the country has
been saved through a terrible war, are traitors
to the Union! I say, with the evidence thus
presented to me, my mind is irresistibly drawn
to the conclusion that we ought not to throw
down the barriers to admit Mr. Thomas; and
if we do I can know no distinction hereafter.
If Mr. Thomas is a loyal man in the true sense,
if he has not aided the rebellion, I do not know
who has. If we admit him and break down
the barrier, then, one after one, all those red-
handed rebels who plotted treason in these
Halls may come back to their former places.
Sir, it is a remarkable spectacle that at the
end of a war like that which we have gone
through, after four hundred thousand men have
laid down their lives in our service, after we
have spent $-1,000,000,000 to maintain the
authority of this Government, a State in the
Union should send here to the Senate Chamber
from amongall her citizens, nearly one million,
a man who, during this whole war, if he did
anything, always did it against his country. It
is one of the saddest spectacles of the time that
a State which has been defended by the blood
of heroes, which has on its soil many of the bat-
tie-fields and some of the most glorious battle-
fields of this war, where thousands and tens of
thousands of patiiotic dead are now buried,
when they, for the first time after the war is
over, have the power to send representatives
here to the Senate Chamber, should send a man
who, two days after the Star of the West was
fired upon deserted his post, and said that the
Government had no power to enforce its laws,
and then went home to his farm in Maryland
to brood over " the lost cause.'' to give his son
to "the lost cause," and who denounces us
here as traitors when lie is elevated to a seat
in this high council Chamber.
Sir, I have no feeling in regard to this mat-
ter ; I did not intend to take part in this debate ;
but I shall feel it my duty to vote against Mr.
Thomas, and I have no doubt that in doing
that I do what is right.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I deem it
my duty to express my views, as other gentle-
men have expressed theirs, upon the question
of the admission of Mr. Thomas. I have tried
to relieve my mind from the conviction that
Mr. Thomas" was one of the original conspira-
tors in this rebellion ; but I have,been unable
to do so. The evidence presented, I think,
clearly shows that ho was one of the original
conspirators in Washington who attempted to
overthrow the Government of the United States.
The facts are that Mr. Thomas withdrew him-
self from the service of the Government at the
time of its greatest peril, when it was threatened
by six or seven States which had already
assumed to withdraw from the Union, and had
confederated themselves together for the over-
throw of the Government. It was at a time
when, in consequence of that secession and
confederation, South Carolina had taken pos-
session of the custom-houses and all the arma-
mentsof theGovernmentwithinherlimits. In
view of all these facts, which were well known,
when Mr. Thomas was applied to" in Cabinet
council to decide whether the revenue laws
should be enforced in the collection district of
South Carolina, I think the evidence plainly
shows that all his influence was to defeat the
laws there. I cannot divest my mind of the
opinion that if Mr. Thomas be admitted upon
this floor as one of the Senators of the United
States he will vote hereafter for the admission
of those men who acted and cooperated with
him in endeavoring to overthrow the Govern-
ment of the United States at that time in case
they should come here for admission. I cannot
but believe that he must consider those with
whom he acted as being as little responsible
as himself and as being also loyal and true
men!
Sir, we have a solemn duty to perform as
loyal Senators of the United States. Wo are
supposed to be the representatives of the loyal
States who fought for this Government, main-
tained the Union, and put down this great
rebellion. The people look to us to guard
most sacredly the interests of the loyal States
and loyal people who have fought for the Union,
who have put down the rebellion, who have cre-
ated a national debt which we most protect.
Now, who doubts that if Mr. Thomas is ad-
mitted, with the views he entertains of the ille-
gality of our efforts to put down the rebellion,
that he will vote against paying the debt of the
nation which was contracted for enforcing the
laws and putting down the rebellion?
I have no doubt that his political education
taught him to believe that the States had a
right to secede; but is there any reason why
the loyal States should concede that right, or
place themselves in the hands of those who
entertain such opinions ? Is there anything in
the past history of the Government, or in the
history of its formation, which gives any one a
right to claim that a State can withdraw from
the Union at any time it may see proper? On
the contrary, from the first formation of any
union between the States the idea of its indis-
solubility has always been maintained. In the
first confederation which was entered into by
the several States, South Carolina being one,
it was declared in the most solemn manner
that the Union should be perpetual. To refresh
the minds of Senators upon that point I will
read from the Articles of Confederation. Their
title is "Articles of Confederation and Perpet-
ual Union." Article thirteen provides that
"the Union shall be perpetual;" and the
attesting clause reads:
" And whereas it hath pleased the great Governor
of the world to incline the hearts of the Legislatures
we respectively represent in Congress to_ approve of
and to authorize us to ratify the said Articles of Con-
federation and Perpetual Union, know ye that we,
the undersigned delegates, by virtue of the power
and authontj to us given for that purpose, do by
these presents, in the name and inbehalf of our
respective constituents, fully and entirely ratify and
confirm each and every of the said Articles of Con-
federation and Perpetual Union, and all and singular
the matters and things therein contained. And we
do further solemnly plight and engage the faith of
our respective constituents that they shall abide by
tile determinations of the United States in Congress
assembled on all questions which by the said eon-
federation are submitted to them; and that the ar-
ticles thereof shall be inviolably observed by the
States we respectively represent, and that the Union
shall be perpetual."
This was the condition of things under the
confederation. Then, when the Constitution
was formed, its preamble declared:
"We, the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide lor tho common de-
fense, promote the general welfare, and sccure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do
ordain and establish this Constitution tor tho United
States of America."
Here it is expressly declared that one of the
objects of the Constitution was to form a more
perfect Union, a stronger Union, one that
