1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have the bill read item by item under the fivc-
miimtes tule.
The SPI5AKER. The gentleman will have
five minutes on every clause of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that several of
the items be read, and then that the gentleman
make a five-minutes speech; then several more
of the items and another five-minutes speech.
Mr. ELIOT. It is hard to cut up a speech
into five-minutes sections. [Laughter.]
Mr. CULLOM. 1 would inquire if the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] is not will-
ing to allow the gentleman from Massachusetts
half an hour.
Mr. SPALDING. Not six minutes, Mr.
Speaker. I will give him five. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I certainly will
not, under the leave which has been granted
me, take advantage of the courtesy of the House,
but I will try to confine myself within the thirty
minutes.
A Member. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spalding] refuses to withdraw his objection.
Mr. ELIOT. I beg pardon. I will then
come under the five-minutes rule.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to inquire whether
any portion of the bill has been read ?
The SPEAKER. It has been supposed to
be read in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Can the gentleman from
Massachusetts speak before any portion is read?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman insists,
the Chair will have the first clause read.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I insist on following the
rule, because the Chair always insists upon it
when I am out of order. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is rarely
out of order; whenever he is the Chair will
rule so. The Clerk will report the bill until
some member proposes an amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Be it enacted bit the Senate and JJou.se of Jlcnresenta-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the following sums of money be, and are
hereby, appropriated, to bo paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to bo ex-
pended under the direction and superintendence of
the Secretary of "War, for tlie repair, preservation,
and completion of the following works heretofore
commenced under tlio authority of law, and for tho
other purposes hereinafter named: That is to say.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a point of order.
The bill is not reported in accordance with the
rules for reporting appropriation bills. It does
not state the aggregate amount of money
appropriated at the end of the bill.
Mr. BLAINE. That applies to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations only.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. If the
gentleman will refer to my substitute he will
see that I have conformed to the rule.
Mr. ELIOT. The objection comes too late.
The SPEAKER. The rule to which the
gentleman from New York alludes refers ex-
clusively to the Committee on Appropriations,
which did not report this bill.
Mr. ELIOT. It is to bo reported by para-
graphs, and no paragraph has vet been passed.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
bill by paragraphs.
The Clerk read the first two items of appro-
priation, as follows :
For improvement of Superior City harbor, in the
State of Wisconsin. $30,000.
For improvement of Wisconsin river, $40,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Imoveto
strike out that paragraph.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman from Illinois
does not propose to defend his motion, and I
rise for the purpose of opposing it.
The SPEAKER. He waives his right by
resuming his seat. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts can now have an opportunity to be
heard.
Mr. ELIOT. The appropriation which is now
the subject of consideiation is for the improve-
ment of Wisconsin river, in the State ot Wis-
consin. It rests, Mr. Speaker—and the com-
mittee have directed the report to be made—
upon the recommendation of tho War Depart-
ment, and upon arguments which have been
submitted to the committee through the Legis-
lature of'Wisconsin, by a memorial which has
been printed and laid before the members of
the House, stating very fully the objects of
the appropriation and the great importance of
the appropriation to the internal commerce of
the country. I have in my hand the memo-
rial from the Legislature which states the char-
acter of the improvement itself, the import-
ance of it to the States in that section of the
Union, the growing commerce of that region,
and the plan of improvement which the Gov-
ernment, under the authority of surveys made
by order of the House, has determined upon.
I had a long interview with the distinguished
engineer who has had the examination of this
work in charge, at the instance of the chair-
man of the committee and of my friend from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Wasuborx,] who is more
particularly interested in this locality, and I
learned from him the arguments upon which
the propriety of this appropriation rests. The
work itself is one which has to be done if the
Governmeut of the United States proposes to
continue the policy which has been laid down
for the last three or four years iu regard to
internal improvements. It is not an excep-
tional ease. It rests upon the same general
grounds upon which all the appropriations which
are asked for in this bill rest. I do not know
whether the gentleman proposes to question
the propriety of the policy. In former times,
you know very well, sir, when the southern
platforms ignored the power under the Con-
stitution of making these appropriations, it was
very difficult for the House, under the two-
thirds rule, to get before the House a bill of
this description. Do you not remember, Mr.
Speaker, some eight years ago how earnestly
the gentleman from Illinois [Sir. Washi5i:r.xh]
tried to get out of the Committee of the Whole
a river and harbor bill for the purpose of
bringing it to the attention of the House?
There are not a great many of those now pres-
ent who were in the House. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] and yourself, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,]
my colleague upon my right, [Mr. Dawes,]
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
WOIITII.] the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Moorhead,] and my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Washbuuxe,] were here. We all wit-
nessed the earnestness with which the gentle-
man from Illinois, who was then on tlie Com-
mittee on Commerce, struggled to get the bill,
which I now hold in my hand, out from the
Committee of the Whole. It was opposed
upon the ground that the whole matter was
outside the range of our action, and although
upon that question there was a very large
majority in favor of the measure, yet by a vote
of 105 to 01 it was defeated.
Now, sir, since 1865, there have been two
bills reported from the Committee on Com-
merce, with the assent of the whole committee
—not of gentlemen of one political character,
but of all political shades—for the purpose of
improving the rivers and harbors of the coun-
try. The bills met the approval of the gentle-
man from Illinois. And yet at that time we
had just come out of the war and were some
hundreds of millions of dollars more in debt
than we are now. But the representatives of
the people in Congress recognized the duty
which their constituents imposed upon them,
to see that the internal improvements of the
country were so made as that the cereal pro-
ducts of the West could find, in some cheap
mode, transportation to the East, It is in the
line of that policy that this appropriation bill
is offered.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the paragraph by striking out " forty"
and inserting " twenty." This is an appropri-
ation which I would be glad to see made if I
thought the work practicable. It is an appro-
priation in which my own constituents are
interested, and I may say deeply interested,
and if I could see that there was anything prac-
tical in it I would be willing to vote for the
appropriation. But Ithink I know something
about this Wisconsin river. I have lived in the
neighborhood of it for more than twenty-eight
years, and I know that it has always been con-
sidered by the people there that the Wisconsin
river is not practicable for steamboat naviga-
tion. Such is the treacherous character of
the channel, sand bars being formed, and there
being sudden rises and falls of the river, that
before any railroad bridges were built, and in
the face of every effort to navigate that river in
order to bring its commerce down the Mis-
sissippi to Dubuque and Galena, we found it
necessary to abandon all attempts.
At the last session of Congress an appropri-
ation of $40,000 was made for this purpose.
'Thegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
says that I assented to that river and harbor
bill. I do not know but that I may have given
it a sort of assent. I had very little to do with
it. I was sick, and I believe when the bill
passed I was notpresent. ButI find that there
is an appropriation here of $40,000 for the
improvement of the Wisconsin river.
Well, sir, I am sorry to say that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] did not
read the report of General Warren on this
subject. According to that report this improve-
ment which we are now asked to initiate will
cost, before it can ever amount to anything,
from two million three hundred and sixty thou-
sand to three million five hundred and forty
thousand dollars. And let me say here that I
do not believe there is money enough, and
will scarcely be money enough to spare in the
Treasury for the next ten years, to make that
river navigable, unless you construct a canal
from its mouth, where it empties into the Mis-
sissippi river, up as far as the portage. And
yet it is here proposed, in the present condition
of the public Treasury, to commence this im-
provement which, according to the lowest esti-
mate of General Warren, will cost the Govern-
ment some three hundred and sixty thousand
dollars. 1 say that we cannot afford to under-
take works of this kind, which do not promise
us more and greater results.
The idea has been practically abandoned of
making this a navigable river. If gentlemen
will be good enough to read the report of Gen-
eral Warren, they will see that a great deal of
it refers to bridges that have been' built over
the river, and to the cost of dredging away the
obstructions which those bridges have made.
And then in addition to that he says it will
require an annual appropriation of from twenty
to thirty thousand dollars.
I have no time, in five minutes, to refer much
to the general subject of river and harbor im-
provements. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Eliot] says I was at a certain time
in favor of river and harbor improvements. I
was; but it was at a time when we had money
in the Treasury, at a time when the people were
not loaded down with debt. I was then willing
to make liberal and proper appropriations.
But times have changed, and 1 confess that
my notions upon the subject have changed to
some extent. I do not believe, to the extent
I formerly did, in making appropriations for
every object of the kind in the country; §20,000
for a harbor here, $40,000 for a harbor in some
other place, and $50,000 for some other harbor,
and so on. I do not now believe in making
these appropriations for local objects, where
they have no public interest.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say but a word
or two in reply to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Washburne.] I am surprised that lie
should be found opposing this particular appro- .
priation in this bill. There is no proposition
contained in this bill for the improvement of
any harbor, or for any purpose whatever, that
affects the interests of so many people as this
very appropriation for the improvement of the
\Yisconsin river. In the brief spacc of five
minutes allotted to me I cannot enter upon an
argument upon this subject, but can only urge
upon members the general statement of its'
importance to the grain growing region of toe
West, to every farmer who cultivates the soil
of four States adjacent to this improvement.
