THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121:
assessor of internal revenue for the first dis-
trict of Georgia, and of John B. Lowry, post-
master at Danville, Virginia.]
Air. Manager BINGHAM. I also offer in
evidence, Mr. President and Senators, the
communication of the Secretary of State ac-
companying one of the messages just presented,
in which, under date ofDecember 19,1867,he
thus addresses the President of the United
States:
" Str : In eomplianoewith the provisions of section
two of tlie act regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices, passed March 2, 1867, 1 have tlie honor to
report that Chn.rlcs Lee Moses, United States con-
sul at Brunai, Borneo, was, during the rccess of the
Senate, suspended from the functions of his office,
and that Oliver B. Bradford, consular clerk atShang-
hae, was appointed to fill the place temporarily."
I suppose I need not read all the details.
We offer in evidence all these messages, with
the accompanying papers, as received by the
Senate from the President.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I believe now,
sir, that I may inform the Senate that the ease
on the part of the House of Representatives is
substantially closed. There may be a witness
or two, who are on their way here, which we
shall ask on Monday morning leave to put in.
Their testimony is substantially cumulative, not
very material; and it is possible that we may
have left out a piece or two of documentary
evidence in the nature of public documents.
Until we can examine carefully all the testi-
mony to see that we have omitted nothing
wc should not like to preclude ourselves from
offering that. But with these immaterial ex-
ceptions, and I trust they will turn out to be
110 exceptions at all, we have closed the case
on the part of the House of Representatives.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chief Justice, the coun-
sel for the President take no exception to what
is now proposed by the honorable Managers.
It seems to" us quite reasonable that they should
have opportunity to look over the ground and
ascertain whether anything lias been omitted,
and also if tliey find that witnesses conic here
before the next session, whose testimony will
be in the nature of cumulative evidence, we
shall take no exception to that.
I now desire to submit, Mr. Chief Justice,
to the Senate a motion on behalf of tlie Presi-
dent's counsel, that when this court adjourns
it adjourn until Thursday next, to allow to
the counsel of the President three working
days to enable them to collect, collate, and
arrange t.heir proofs so as to present the de-
fense to the Senate with as little delay as prac-
ticable, and so as to make that consecutive and
proper impression which really belongs to it.
We have been wholly unable to do this during
the progress of the trial, and before the trial
was begun we had no time whatever to apply
to this purpose. We think we can assure the
Senate that it will very little, if at all, protract
the trial, because certainly those gentlemen
of the Senate who have been in the habit of
practicing law are quite aware of the fact that
more time is frequently consumed in the in-
troduction of evidence for the want of having
it properly arranged and presented than would
have been consumed if the proper efforts had
been made outside before the trial was begun.
We think, therefore, that we can assure the
Senate that a large part, and perhaps all, of
this time will be saved if this indulgence can
be granted to the President's counsel.
We do not expectto adduce alarge amount of
oral testimony or a great number of witnesses,
but we have a very considerable amount of
documentary evidence which we have thus far
not been able to collate and arrange, and some
portions which we have reason to suppose
exist we have not yet been able to search out
or find. We request, therefore, that this post-
ponement may take place.
Mr. CONNESS. The rules forbid Senators
to make any explanations in the nature of de-
bate. I therefore submit a motion, which is
that when the Senate adjourn, or rather that
the Senate sitting as a court of impeachment,
shall adjourn until Wednesday next at twelve
o'clock, which is the time that, in my judg-
ment, should meet the wants of the counsel for
the respondent.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, if it is
in order, I move to amend the motion made by
the honorable member from California by in-
serting "Thursday" instead of " Wednesday."
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Is that motion
debatable by the Managers?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is not.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, may I in-
quire what is the question ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
California moves that the Senate sitting as a
court of impeachment adjourn until Wednes-
day next. The Senator from Maryland moves
to amend by substituting "Thursday" for
" Wednesday." Senators, you who are in favor
of agreeing to that motion will say " aythose
of the contrary opinion "no." [The ques-
tion being taken.] The ayes have it.
Mr. CAMERON. I call for the yeas and
nays. [No, no.]
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I understood, Mr.
Chief Justice, and 1 desire to 
The CHIEF J USTICE. The questionrecurs
upon the motion of tlie Senatorfrom California
as amended by the motion of the Senator from
Maryland, that the Senate adjourn until Thurs-
day next, and upon this question no debate is
in order.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That question is
not debatable by the Managers?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks not.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise for information.
I wish to inquire whether tlie Managers want
to submit some remarks upon this motion for
delay ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is
upon the. motion t'o adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir. My purpose
is to find out, as influencing my vote, whether
they wish the motion disposed of, to the end
that they may make some remarks, or not. 1
presume the Senator from California does not
intend to cut tliem off.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I had, Mr. Presi-
dent, desired to make a remark or two, and
understood it was in order.
Mr. ANTHONY. • I understand that the
motion is not that the Senate shall now ad-
journ, but that when the Senate does adjourn
it shall adjourn to meet on Thursday.
Sevcral'se.vator.s. That is it.
Mr. CONKLING. That is certainly de-
batable.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Will the Seriaior
from California be good enough to state his
motion?
Mr. CONNESS. If the Chair will allow me
to state it I will do so. The Chair submitted
the question on the amendment before I was
aware of it; else I desired to accept the sugges-
tion of Senators around me to make it Thurs-
day in place of Wednesday. What I desired,
in other words, was to meet the concurrence
of the Senate generally.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Will the Senator
from California allow the Chief Justice to ask
if his motion is a motion that the Senate, when
it adjourns 
Mr. CONNESS. That was not the form of
the motion. 1 began to make it in that way,
but subsequently gave it the other form.
Mr. CAMERON. Now I desire 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. No debate is in
order on tlie motion to adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I am not going to debate
it. I want to ask the gentlemen Managers
} whether they will not be prepared to go on
■ with this case on Monday ? I can see no reason
i why the other side should not be as well pre-
pared.
Messrs. Managers BINGHAM and BUT-
LER. We are ready.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Order.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, my ques-
i tion is——
The CHIEF JUSTICE. No debate is in
order. The Senator from Pennsylvania is out
of order.
Mr. CAMERON. I think if you will allow
rae 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. No debate is in
order on a motion to adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I am notgoing to debate
it, your Honor; but I have risen to ask the
question whether the Managers will be ready
to go on with this case on Monday?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM and other Man-
agers. We will be.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to ask a question,
also. I wish to know if the honorable Man-
agers have any views to present to the Senate
sitting now on the trial of this impeachment
to aid the Senate in determining this question
of time ? On that I wish to know the views of
the honorable Managers.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
is of opinion that, pending the question of
adjournment, no debate is in order from any
quarter. It is a question exclusively for the
Senate. Senators, you who are in favor of t.he
adjournment of the Senate sitting as a court
of impeachment until Thursday next will, as
your names are called, answer "yea;" those
of the contrary opinion "nay." The Secre-
tary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 37, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buekalew, Cat-
toll, Conness, Corbett, Oragm, Davis, Dixon, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Fowler. Frelinghuyscn. Grimes, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Howard, Howe. Johnson, Mc-
Croery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
ton, Nvo, Patterson of Now Hampshire, Patterson of
Tennessee, Ramsey, lloss, Kaulshury. Sherman.
Hprague, Tipton. Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers,
Willoy, and Williams—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Colo, Conk-
ling, Drake, Morgan, Pomeroy, Stewart, Sumner,
and Thayer—10.
NOTVOTING—Messrs. Doolittle. Fessenden, Har-
lan, Morton, Wade, Wilson, and Yates—7.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. On thisquestion the
yeas are 37 and the nays are 10. So the Senate,
sitting as a court of impeachment, stands ad-
journed until Thursday next at twelve o'clock.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I should like to
give notice that all the witnesses may be dis-
charged who have been summoned here on the
part of the House of Representatives.
Thursday, April 0, 1868.
The Chief Justice of the United States entered
the Senate Chamber at twelve o' clock and took
the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
'The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives appeared
and took the seats assigned thera.
The counsel for the respondent also ap-
peared and took their seats.
The presence of the House of Represent-
atives was next announced, and the members
of the House, as in the Committee of the Whole
headed by Mr. E. B. Washbuiwe, the chair-
man of that committee, and accompanied by
the Speaker and Clerk, entered the Senate
Chamber, and were conducted to the seats pro-
vided for them.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read tlie minutes of the last day's proceedings.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of the proceedings of the Senate, sitting for the
! trial of the impeachment, on Saturday, April
i 4 18fi8, but was interrupted by
| Mr. J OHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, I move
I that the further reading of the Journal be dis-
i pensed with.
Tlie CHIEF JUSTICE. If there be no
| objection the further reading of the Journal
i will be dispensed with. The Chair hears no
! objection.
j Gentlemen Managers on the part of the
; House of Representatives, have you any further
I evidence to introduce ?
I Mr. Manager BUTLER. We have a single
[ witness, I believe.
I The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Managers will
1 proceed with their evidence.
