1159
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Should be more enduring; and yet
whose representatives had signed, agreed to,
and indorsed this declaration have since at-
tempted to withdraw from the Union of the
United States, under pretext of the right of
sovereignty in the States to withdraw from
the Union. Their people have been taught
that false doctrine for which the Constitution
gives no warrant; and it seems to me that a
man possessing these views is not entitled to
a seat here. He must be disloyal if he pos-
sesses such views. He cannot maintain them
it he be a loyal man. I regard Mr. Thomas as
one or these, and therefore I cannot vote to
admit him to a seat.
Sir, we are about to reconstruct the rebel
btates, and we are about to reconstruct the
feenate of the United States. Shall we recon-
struct by conferring power on-rebels who have
given aid and comfort to the rebellion, and
who have attempted by every means in their
power to overthrow this Government?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the honorable
Senator allow me to ask whether I understand
him correctly as saying that any person who
entertains the opinion that the States possess
sovereignty is a disloyal man ?
Mr. COKBETT. Any one who entertains
the opinion that the States have a right to
withdraw from the Union.
Mr. SAULSBURY. That is another ques-
tion. I thought the Senator spoke of persons
entertaining the opinion that the States possess
sovereignty.
Mr. _ CORBETT. That they have such
sovereignty as to entitle them to withdraw
from the Union.
Mr. SAULSBURY. That is a wholly dif-
ferent question; but supposing that I under-
stood the Senator aright, I was going to ask
him whether Mr. Madison and Mr. Hamilton
were loyal men.
Mr. CORBETT. We have a loyal Senator
here from the State of Maryland, [Mr. John-
son'.] When war came did he refuse to rep-
resent that State? Did he refuse to take part
in the legislation necessary to put down this
rebellion and to use every means in his power
to overthrow the gigantic effort that was being
made to overthrow the Government? When
the young men were gathering from portions
of his State to overthrow it and to establish a
southern confederacy did he give them aid
and comfort? Did he say that he would not
retain his seat in the United States Senate for
the reason that the young men of his State
were joining the southern confederacy? No;
he stood forth here like a giant to maintain
the rights of the Union. Contrast the con-
duet of Mr. Thomas as compared with his,
and what a marked difference is manifest.
Mr. Thomas abandons his position in the Gov-
ernment at the time of its greatest peril. I do
not place so much stress as others do upon
the fact of his having furnished aid to his son
to join the rebel army; but I think that the
position he occupied in the earlier history of
the rebellion is the true starting-point to ena-
ble us to ascertain how and in what manner
he identified himself with those men who were
confederated together and formed a conspiracy
here to overthrow the Government.
Maryland had her part to perform, and it
was assigned to her. Virginia had her part to
perform, and it was assigned to her. The
loyal men of the Union flew to arms, and men
from Massachusetts at once started for the
national capital. Massachusetts did all she
could to equip her men and send them forth
for the protection of the capital ; and when
those troops passed through Maryland the
scenes there enacted showed very plainly the
feeling of at least many of the people of Mary-
land, and I think no one here can doubt that
if there had not been a large number of loyal
troops within the borders of Maryland she
would have attempted to withdraw, following
the example of the other southern States. It
Virginia had had time to march her troops to
the national capital before the men of the
loyal States who rushed to its rescue had been
able to reach here, so that she could obtain
possession of the seat of Government, I think
very likely Maryland also would have joined
the rebelliou.
Mr. President, my duty to the nation at
large compels me to guard sacredly the inter-
ests of those who united in putting down this
rebellion, to guard their property and the debt
which has been contracted and which they
hold. I think that we cannot with safety admit
to this Chamber men who were conspirators
in this rebellion. I believe that Mr. Thomas
was one of them, and I shall, therefore, vote
against admitting him to his seat.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. Mr. President—-
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose my friend
hardly wishes to address the Senate at this
hour. Will he give way to a motion to ad-
journ or for an executive session?
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator wishes
to move an adjournment I will give way for
that purpose ; but I am indifferent about it.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think we had better ad-
journ, and I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 13, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
shipping interest.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, submitted
resolutions of the Legislature of Maine, relative
to the shipping interest; which were referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
AMOS ARMSTRONG.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 721) to increase
the pension of Amos Armstrong, who was
wounded in the battle of Qucenstown during
the war of 1812; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and of the War of 1812.
order op business.
Mr. DAWES. The Kentucky contested-elec-
tion case was postponed till after the morning
hour at my suggestion. I am pressed very hard
by the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations to allow the legislative appropriation
bill to be resumed. I therefore suggest that it
may be taken up at this time, so as to give the
Committee on Appropriations move time.
The SPEAKER. The regular order in the
morning hour is the bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs relative to the rights
of American citizens abroad, on which the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Jexck.es] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I make the suggestion in the
interest of the business of the House. I have
no choice myself.
Mr. JENCKKS. The morning hour has
been taken up so long with the business of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs that I feel that
I should be doing injustice to other committees
if 1 consented to any postponement of the
pending subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the House having refused to second the pre-
vious question yesterday, and there being vari-
ous amendments pending and others to be pro-
posed, the bill will probably take all the morn-
ing hours of next week unless an arrangement
is made for a night session.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest to the
gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Jknckes]
to give way to a motion to refer the bill and
pending amendments to the Committee of the
Whole. That will ta-ke it out of the morning
hour.
Mr. JENCKES. After some remarks which
I propose to make 1 will yield for that purpose.
tenure of civil office.
On motion of Mr. JENCKES, by unani-
mous consent, Senate bill No. 2U9, in addition
to an act entitled ''An act to regulate the
tenure of certain civil offices," was taken from
the Speaker's table, ordered to be printed, and
returned to the Speaker's table.
ventilation of the hall.
The SPEAKER. Before the gentleman
from Rhode Island proceeds the Chair desires
to lay before the House, at the request of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
a statement in regard to the ventilation of this
Hall. The committee have made some exper-
iments during the last two days and nights,
and they ask the attention of members to the
subject, that the House may see whether the
ventilation is improved.
The Clerk read the statement, as follows :
The Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
who were "directed to examiuc and report by what
means a sufficient supply of pure air might be ob-
tained lor the Hall of Representatives, and a.lso
empowered to use the present means of ventilation
to the best advantage," wish to state this moramg
that as a temporary expedient they have, at the re-
quest of Mr. Leeds, had the steam kept up last night
until twelvo o'clock, and heated the Hall up to about
eighty-seven degrees, so as to thoroughly warm the
walls, and this morning at half past seven had most
of the external windows opened ior two hours. It is
thought by thus having the walls and floors well
wanned thata muehcooier, fresher, and more invig-
orating air may be supplied to the Hall and corri-
dors, the balanceofthe heat being made up by direct
radiation Irom the warni walls. They desire mem-
bers to observe whether the building is more com-
fortable or nut.
The SPEAKER. Members can confer upon
the subject with the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. [Mr. CovoDE, j
kigiits of american citizens abroad.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 584) concerning the
rights of American citizens in foreign States,
upon which Mr. Jenckes was entitled to the
floor.
Air. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, I desire to sub-
mittheremarkswhich I have to make on the sub-
ject now before the House at the present time
because the character which was attempted to
be given by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] to the bill which I offered here-
tofore has gone to the country without the ex-
planation and contradiction which was given
by me vesteiday morning. It is asserted here
that there is an attempt being made to incor-
porate into our laws declarations borrowed
irom the laws of England on the subject of
expatriation. Now, if I understand the prop-
osition which I have submitted to the House,
and the laws of England on the same subject,
the main proposition in this bill is diametrically
opposed to those laws.
Mr. Speaker, the importance of this subject
seemed to me to demand that it should not be
disposed ot after a brief discussion under the
control of the committee which reported it. in
a few morning hours, but should be opened to
general discussion in this House. It is one
ol the most important subjects upon which we
can act. It is one upon which this nation must
act at some time, and declare and preserve a
settled policy. 2hat action has been studi-
ously avoided ever since the organization of
the Government. Whatever we may do upon
this subject we do it not merely in the presence
of our own citizens, and for their guidance,
but we do it in the presence, in the hearing,
and before the eyes ot all the world, and what-
ever we do or say will be criticised more
severely than any act which relates only to our
internal aflaira and the government of our citi-
zens at home.
. Ih® occasion for this action is the complica-
tion that has arisen in our diplomatic corre-
spondence and negotiations with other coun-
tries concerning the status of citizens of this
country while abroad who did not have their
birth ill this country. I do not admit that th-re
is any difference in the quality of citizensh>o
once acquired, whether it be by birth within
the jurisdiction of the United States or by the
