2180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
understand that there is no personal danger
attending the commission of these frauds?
The remedy is simple ; it lies right on the
surface. Take away the power to compromise
these cases; require the criminal prosecutions
to go forward. If there is no sufficient induce-
ment now to the officers of the law to pros-
ecute the cases criminally give them larger
fees. Why, sir, how does the matter stand ?
If a man is indicted for a punishable offense
in a whisky fraud the prosecuting attorney will
get fifty dollars if he is convicted; but if he
will settle and confess judgment in a civil
action on the bond or in any other way for
$10,000, §20,000, or $50,000, the prosecuting
attorney will get two per cent, on the amount.
You thus place temptation in the way of the
officers. You tempt them not to do their duty.
You place temptation all around them; and
what has been the result? Less than a dozen
convictions and sentences to imprisonment as
yet. You talk about establishing spirit meters,
andj'ou make provisions this way and that way;
but until you make it a matter of personal
danger by imprisonment to the man that com-
mits these frauds you will never stop them.
'Now, Mr. President, look at the provisions
of this bill. It provides that if liquor shall be
sold in any district for more than ten days
below the amount of the tax, then the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue is required per-
emptorily—not in his discretion, but peremp-
torily—to seize every distillery in that district.
What is the effect of this? We all know it
would be unjust to the honest men, if there
are any there. The effect of it is simply to
make more compromises. Here is the city of
New York, if you please, where it is said there
are one hundred and fourteen distilleries.
"Whisky is sold below the tax there; the one
hundred and fourteen distilleries are stopped,
the honest alike with the dishonest, and the
distillers all rush pell-mell to Washington.
They all say they are innocent, and they com-
plain loudly that it is a great hardship that they
shall be stopped because somebody is selling
whisky at less than two dollars a gallon. The
Commissioner of Internal Revenue would feel
that it was a great hardship. He would recog-
nize the injustice of the law ; and in this way
there would be more compromises. The whole
thing is a continuous compromise; and tho very
evil that we complain of would be vastly in-
creased by the proposition we now have before
us. While there have been great frauds com-
mitted upon the Government, and will con-
tinue to be, let the Government itself not be
unjust. Some there are who pay taxes. Shall
they be suspended alike with the guilty? Why,
sir, there would be a universal cry against the
justice of the law on that subject. It has been
said it would have the effect to suspend, per-
haps, every distiller in the United States for a
short time; and here they will come rushing
for a compromise, each man proclaiming his
innocence. A, B, C, and D will get liberty to
go on ; and in this general rush and this vast
multitude the guilty will get permission to go
on alike with the innocent.
Sir, I cannot conceive of a provision better
calculated to defeat the very purpose we desire
to attain than tho one that is now under con-
sideration. Let me call the attention of the
chairman of the committee to this provision :
If it shall at any time come to the knowledge of
tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue that distilled
spirits are selling, directly or indirectly, in any col-'
lection district, at a market priceless than the tax on
guch spirits, he shall forthwith institute a strict ex-
amination into the causes of such reduced sales and
into the business and conduct of all the revenue offi-
cers in the districtin which such sales are being made
and in the district in which such spirits have been
manufactured.
Do we not all know that that will be a mere
nullity? What will that " strict examination "
to be made by Commissioner Rollins amount
to in New York or in the Peoria district in re-
gard to the conduct of revenue officers or the
conduct of distillers as is provided for in that
section? It will amount to nothing. That part
of your law will be a mere nullity.
iiut when you come down to the other part
of the same section, where you require him pos-
itively and peremptorily to suspend the distil-
leries in case of sales of whisky made for more
than ten days under the price of two dollars,
what is the result? It falls upon the just as
well as it does upon the unjust, and, what is
more, it results simply in more compromises,
and tho compromise business goes on.
Mr. President, I do not wish to be under-
stood in talking about this compromise busi-
ness as imputing corruption to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue or to the Secretary
of the Treasury. I do not. They are far away
from the scene of action. They only hear one
side. They are called upon from day to day
to take action, and they do, and these com-
promises are made from day to day; and while
probably they are acting in the very best faith
on their part,, yet the guilty are escaping ; the
criminal punishment is waived; the law is not
administered, and tho Government is defrauded
almost out of its entire revenue.
Sir, let us provide for enforcing the penalties
already existing in the law, and notcreate more
of them. If, as I said before, one hundred of
these men could be tried and convicted it would
virtually stop these frauds, and nothing but that
will do it. You cannot disgrace these men by
detection. You cannot disgrace them by ex-
posure. They care nothing about that. But
they have just as much objection to going to
the penitentiary as anybody else ; and nothing
but the fear of that will prevent the commission
of these frauds. Therefore, adopt legislation
by which the compromise of these transactions
will be taken away and the law will be required
to be enforced.
On the Cth of January last I introduced
a joint resolution on this subject, which was
referred to the Finance Committee, of which I
believe tho committee did not take any notice.
I will read the preamble to that resolution as
containing all the argument which I wish to
make on this subject:
" Whereas it is believed that not moro than a dozen
persons have been convicted and punished by impris-
onment for tho perpetration of tho many thousand
frauds that havo been committed upon tho internal
revenue in the collection oft he tax upon whisky, and
that criminal prosecutions have in some way been
abandoned, compromised, or suffered to fail; and
whereas this policy has relieved the perpetrators of
theso frauds from criminal responsibility and per-
sonal danger, and has offered a premium for swind-
ling the Government, by making a, compromise the
only penalty for detection in frauds, in which the
criminal generally j^ets off by the payment of lar less
than tke amount of tax he honestly owes the Govern-
ment, whereby it is made cheaper to bo detected and
to compromise than honestly to pay tho tax"—
And I say, as the matter now stands, that it
is cheaper for these distillers all over the land
to be detected and to compromise than it is to
pay the tax. If they can succeed in their fraud
of course it is all clear profit. If they can
make a thousand barrels of whisky and sell
them without paying the tax it is all clear gain ;
but if they are detected they get off by a com-
promise that is much cheaper than to pay the
tax on the thousand barrels:
"And whereas the practice of this policy affords a
reasonable explanation for the general prevalence
of successful fraud and tho loss of more than two
thirds of the revenue which should bo collected from
the tax on whisky: Therefoie,
Remlved, /!>., That from and after tho passage of
this joint resolution neither the Secretary of tho
Treasury, Commissioner of Internal Itevenuc, col-
lectors of internal revenue, district attorneys, or any
other judicial or Xicasury officer or agent, shall havo
power to compromise or arrange any criminal pro-
ceeding or piuseeution against any person for frauds
committed upon the revenuo;and that it shall be the
duty of all such officers and agents to prosecute dili-
gently and bring to punishment all ofienders of that
class without reference to any compromise that may
be made in regard to damages or forfeited property."
If there shall be compromises made in re-
gard to the matter civilly as to damages or to
forfeited property, still provide that the crim-
inal prosecution shall go forward ; and when
you provide that you cut off tho civil compro-
mise, because these men will never compro-
mise civilly except on the understanding that
they are to escape criminally. I have for some
time, with all the attention that I havo been
able to give to the subject, been satisfied that
the root of the great evil, the chief cause, was
the utter failure to administer the law crim-
inally, the utter absence of all personal dan-
geriix the commission of these immense frauds.
If a man swindles this Government by forging a
ten-dollar Treasury note he goes to tho peni-
tentiary, but he may swindle this Government
out of §100,000 in a whisky fraud and it can
be compromised, and he _ goes acquitted, ex-
cept, perhaps, by confessing a judgment civ-
illy, or by paying a certain amount that may
be agreed upon between him and the officers
of the law. So far as this provision is con-
cerned in this bill I regard it as_ unjust, un-
necessary, and, so far from stopping the evil,
it is to increase and continue the compromise
business.
Mr. FESSENDEN obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from Maine allow me to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Finance a question, and
that is, whether this tax on sales will not in-
clude flour 
Mr. FESSENDEN.. That is exactly what I
was going to suggest.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And lumber,
marble, butter, and cheese. I think it clearly
would, and those articles we have exempted.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator has the
definition of the word "manufactures'' in the
revenue law before him, he can answer his own
question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In the very
first revenue law that we passed we thought it
proper to make those exemptions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I agree with what has
been said in opposition to this particular sec-
tion with regard to liquor, very generally ; and
I particularly agree, because I have thought
of it more than once, with the idea suggested
by the honorable Senator from Indiana in his
resolution that what lies, perhaps, as much at
the foundation of all the difficulty we have as
anything else, is the facility that we give to
persons who commit crimes to escape by com-
promising for money. Whether it would do to
entirely take away that power, I do not know ;
but, perhaps, nothing short of that will accom-
plish the purpose.
But with regard to this particular provision
I am of opinion that it will be entirely inopera-
tive. The Commissioner of Internal Revenue
cinnot, with the force he litis, or by any means
that he has at his command, without taking up
his whole time and giving him more officers
than he has got, accomplish this purpose of
shutting up all the distilleries of the country at
once. Consequently, it will not be tried to any
very considerable extent; and that considera-
tion is outside of what has been argued with
regard to the possible injustice it may work
upon innocent persons; for 1 agree with the
Senator from Vermont upon that particular
point, that now, when it is perfectly manifest
all over the country that whisky is sold every-
where at about one half the tax or very little
exceeding half the tax, and especially in our
large cities, the man who carries on the busi-
ness in the cities, with that knowledge of what
has been and what is, may fairly be presumed
to intend to carry it on in fraud of the law. It
is so not only in the cities, but probably else-
where also ; for it certainly cannot be for the
interest of the distillers in country places to
manufacture their liquor with facts staring
them so notoriously in the face with regard to
the price at which it sells, without intending to
violate the law themselves. Therefore I do not
feel any very particular sympathy for any men
engaged in this business at the present time,
carrying it_ou largely; for I cannot understand
that in doing it they have any view except to
avail themselves of some of the loop-holes
through which the law may be evaded.
I know, sir, that it is a very difficult thing to
frame a law that will accomplish the purpose.
The committees of the Senate and House of
Representatives have been trying, ever since
the first tax law was enacted early in the war,
to provide some machinery by which to guard
against fraud. They did their best. They failed
to a certain extent, and it was supposed that
