4228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
veyatice of any part of the Yosemite valley by
the State of California to individuals; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
lie also presented two petitions of officersof
the United States Army, praying an increase
of compensation ; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CONNESS presented a petition of citi-
zens of New York, praying the adoption of
measures for the better treatment of Indians ;
which was referred to the Committeeon Indian
Affairs.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial, signed
by President Barnard, of Columbia College,
New York, and all the officers of the college,
protesting against the ratification or confirma-
tion by Congress of any conveyance of any
part of the Yosemite valley by the State of
California to individuals ; which was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
RHPOItTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PERRY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to put a bill on its passage. It
has passed the House, and it is necessary to
pass it in order to settle some accounts. It
will take no time.
Mr. POMEROY. We have reports from
committees to present.
Mr. PERRY. Very well; if the gentleman
insists on the order I shall not press it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
from committees are in order.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. K. No. 907) to provide for the sale of
certain lands and lots on the sea islands of
Beaufort district, South Carolina, and for other
purposes, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition
of United States officers, merchants, and resi-
dents of Key West, Florida, praying that sur-
veys may be made of the northwest channel
leading from the harbor of Key West to the
Gulf of Mexico, and that an appropriation may
be made for removing obstructions and deep-
ening the channel thereat, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 23th of March
last, information in relation to the buoys of
New York harbor, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
296) giving the assent of the United States to
the construction of certain wharves in the har-
bor of Oswego, New York, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 250) for the relief of Martha E.
King, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Nancy Smith, sub-
mitted a report thereon, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 633) granting a pension to Nancy
Smith. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Videt Henry, sub-
mitted a report thereon, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 634) granting a pension to Videt
Henry. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
CONSIDERATION OF INDIAN TREATIES.
Mr. DRAKE. I submit the following reso-
.ution :
Resolved, That Kule 38 be amended by adding
thereto tho following: treaties with Indian tribes
or parts ot tribes shall bo considered and passed upan
in open sessieu.
Of course I do not suppose any action can
be taken upon the resolution now under the
rules. I merely wish to have it lie on the
table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will lie on the table.
• PENSION LAWS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I ask the Senate to
take up for consideration House bill No. 1010,
relating to pensions. It is important that the
bill should be passed as soon as possible.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at this
time. Is there any objection? The Chair
hears none.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (Ii. R. No.
1010) relating to pensions.
The bill had been reported by the Committee
on Pensions with amendments. The first
amendment was in line five of section one to
strike out the word "or" and insert "nor;"
and to strike out "pension" and insert "pen-
sions."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight of
section one, after the word "sisters," to insert
" under sixteen years of age."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve, to
strike out "him" and insert "them;" and
in line seventeen to insert the word "such"
before "pension."
The amendment was agreed to.
The firstsection of the bill, as amended, is as
follows :
Th at tile laws granting pensions to the hereinafter-
mentioned dependent relatives of deceased persons
leaving neither widow nor child entitled to pensions
under existing laws shall be so construed as to give
precedence to such relatives in the following order,
namely: first, mothers; secondly, fathers; thirdly,
orphan brothers and sisters under sixteen years of
aso, who shall be pensioned jointly if there be moro
than one: Provided, That if. in any case, the said
persons shall have left both father and mother who
were dependent upon them, then on the death of the
mother the father shall become entitled to a pension
commencing from and after the death of the mother;
and upon the death of the mother and father the
dependent brothers and sisters under sixteen years
of a^e shall jointly become entitled to such pension
until they attain the age of sixteen years, respec-
tively, commencing from and :ifter the death of the
party who, preceding them, would have been enti-
tled to the same: And provided further, That no
pension heretofore awarded shall be affected by any-
thing herein contained.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I inquire whether this
bill does not propose a revision of the pension
laws, and if so whether it is not a piece of
legislation that ought to be considered at some
other time than during the morning hour. I
endeavored to attend to the bill as it was read ;
but it refers to so many antecedent acts, and
appears to he so complicated in its references
and provisions, that it will be impossible for
any Senators to understand the bill or know its
meaning and effect if it is pushed through at
this time, except those Senators who happen
to be upon the committee that reported the
bill. I should like to know if there is any
absolute necessity for its passage at this time.
Why can it not go over until the nextsession V
I would rather it should lie over until it can
be examined.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. This bill was re-
ported from the committee on the 13th of June,
and has been before the Senate consequently
for more than a month, and it appears to me
not to be of a different character from the bills
that are usually taken up and disposed of in
the morning hour. The gentleman's objection
to the bill arises from the faqt that the sections
are not dependent upon each other. The whole
object of the bill is to correct certain miscon-
structions in the law, supply some omissions in
the law, and make other similar corrections
which can very readily and very easily and tt
very briefly be explained, in order to prevent ij
such a flood of pension bills being thrown upon ji
Congress as has been at this session. There ;i
have been misconstructions of the law at the ij
Pension Office. The law in some cases is defect- j
ive, perhaps, in a single word or two, which il
is now to be supplied, or some case of parallel
nature to that mentioned in the law has not
been mentioned. I think I am not at all out of
order in asking for the consideration of the bill
now, and I assure Senators that I do not thiDk
it will take a very long time. The amendments, I
think, will be very generally concurred in with-
out any difficulty, with one exception, perhaps.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to make a motion to
reconsider a bill that was passed on Saturday
last for the restoration of Commander Aaron
K. Hughes from the retired list of the Navy
to the active list. I understand the bill has
gone to the House of Representatives, and I
move that a request be sent to the House of
Representatives requesting its return to the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
will be entertained if there be no objection.
Mr. NYE. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is one
of those motions that ought to be granted at
once if it is to be granted at all.
Mr. DRAKE. I presume it cannot be taken
over by a solitary objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection ?
Mr. NYE. I object to it until I can have a
chance to inquire into it. I reported that bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not understand that a
single objection will prevent the consideration
of a motion of this kind.
Mr. NYE. I think it will in the morning
hour.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 make the motion that the
House of Representatives be requested to
return the designated bill to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot find that that is a privileged motion.
If it was it could be considered ; but it is not
laid down as such.
Mr. NYE. I object to its consideration.
The PRESIDEN £ pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the bill before the Senate, and the
Clerk will proceed with the amendments.
Mr. DRAKE. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that this motion cannot be enter-
tained because of a single objection ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir;
because there is a bill pending, and it is not
a privileged motion, and if it is objected to it
cannot be made, although it is one that ought
to be among the privileged motions.
Mr. MORTON. The pending bill was taken
up before the business of the morning hour
was through—taken up out of order. There
is no pressure and there is no necessity for its
consideration. It is not a bill of that character
which demands consideration before the end
of the session. It is a very important bill pro-
posing to revise the laws of Congress which
have been enacted on the subject of pensions
tor the last three or four years, and it occurs
to me that there is a decided impropriety in
taking it up at this time and consuming the
morning hour with it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot guard against the effect of the rules,
but can only enforce them. The Chair put it
to the Senate distinctly to know if they would
take up this bill, whether there was no objec-
tion to it. No objection was made, and there-
fore it was taken up, and of course it is before
the Senate until the Senate overrules that
motion. T he bill will be proceeded with.
Ilie Chief Clerk read the next amendment
or the Committee on Pensions, which was to
Strike out the second sectiou'of the bill, in
the following words :
"An°aci f^,hcUt^uH}":r That an act enii tied
inTl th! pensions, approved July H,
thereof -h,?i su;jt>1(!l"entary thereto or amendatory
nino ? f e eoustrued to authorize the aiWw -
reason r,f?erSl(l'!rfr-to cullfei' 11 right thereto by
after^h* bitity ineurred or disease contracted
JesoUiiM a?y ol,Ja«;'«y, A. 1>. 18*8, or dc.ith
said i1?1', thte iaw*mforce to the
of lions.'rn ?| ' ' 6haU' CXL'ept the rjte
ehS S.i fDC govern m the adjudication of all
claims which hare been or shall heieafter be ramie
i rca™ ot'11 disease coutraeted, a dis-
«oi<l w 5l'urrf r ur a ensuuicy occurring on or ui'u-r tb e
sorvt™ 18bb-m tlie military or naval
therefrom fctates, or death restating-
