1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2181
they failed on account of the very high rate of
taxation that was placed upon the article. Un-
doubtedly that had a very considerable effect,
because the profits to be made when the tax is
so high, if it can be evaded, are so very large
that the inducement to violate the law and to
run all the hazards which the law provides in
such cases is proportionately large. There will
be an inducement in all cases; but in propor-
tion as you increase the tax on spirits precisely
in that proportion you increase the temptation.
It is so in regard to frauds upon the customs
revenue, and is so in regard to frauds upon the
internal revenue. Therefore, I believe the mat-
ter might be mitigated in some degree if the
tax should be reduced, although it would not
be wholly relieved.
But, leaving that out of the question, I was
stating what the committees of the two Houses
had done. In the last bill that was passed upon
the subject, the project that was then conceived
and the changes then made were made at the
suggestion of the Special Commissioner of Rev-
enue in connection with the Commissioner of
Internal Kevenue. They did their best to pro-
vide some way in which this difficulty might be
avoided, if possible, and the men who violated
the law brought to justice, and the revenue
collected. It seems, however, that it has been
worse since than it was before, although the
penalties were made more severe. Now, this
measure proposes an additional penalty touch-
ing everybody, and I really believe in addition
to the matter which I have spoken of, but
which has very little influence on my mind,
namely, that it is possible that in some cases
you may injure an innocent person, it will be
impracticable to carry this into effect, and it
will equally fail with the other.
I know it has been said—I think by the
honorable chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means of the other House—that that com-
mittee were preparing a bill on the general
subject, and that it was found necessary, on
account of the numerous discrepancies and
mistakes and errors and blunders in all pre-
vious bills, that the new committee should
draw a new bill which would avoid all these
things. I can do no otherwise than wish them
a happy deliverance. I trust they will be able
to do it j and I shall unite with theui most cor-
dially in accomplishing their purpose of amend-
ing the errors of all previous generations, and
producing some wise scheme that will effect
the beneficial purpose they have in view. I
trust they will be able to accomplish it, as they
think they may; but I think this first effort is
not a very promising specimen of what they
will be likely to do from any effect it will have.
Now, sir, with regard to this report, I have
an objection more especially to the proposed
fourth section, which has been suggested to
me by my friend from Vermont; but without
reference to the suggestion made by him I do
not exactly see how it is to be executed. I
wish to call the attention of the chairman to
the twelfth line of section four on the third
page:
And tile amount of sales within the year in ox-
cess of $5,000 shall bo returned monthly to the assist-
ant assessor.
How is that to be ascertained?
Mr. SHERMAN. The law points out the
mode.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What law; the law as
it stands now ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The previous law.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. What particular pro-
vision is there?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot turn to it at
this moment; but taking the amount of sales
annually, they divide it into months. The last
clause of this section provides for it in April,
and afterward the annual assessment is to be
on the 1st of' May.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I see that the provis-
ion as to the assessment for the month of
April is specific. I noticed that.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a provision in
an existing law that where monthly assess-
ment is made to raise a tax fixed by an annual
amount, the annual amount shall be divided by
twelve, and this section as it now stands pre-
cisely in this shape, was prepared by the Special
Commissioner of Revenue, with the sanction
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, so
that there is no doubt of the practical ability
to execute it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have very great
respect for both of those gentlemen : but I do
not think this provides specifically, either by
any reference to any former law or from any-
thing you can find in the section itself, how it
is to be executed. I know what is meant un-
doubtedly; but by any designation there, you
cannot tell precisely how it is to be done.
"The amount of sales within the year in excess
of S5.000 shall be returned monthly to the
assistant assessor." If you provided that the
amount of sales in every month should be re-
turned, and that the excess should be carried
to the amount of sales within the year, you
might do it; but the language is very different.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator would
have no difficulty, if he was construing this
law, to know what it meant. 1 'And the amount
of sales within the year in excess of $5,000
shall be returned monthly to the assistant
assessor." As a matter of course the manu:
facturcr determines his sales for the month
according to the ratio which the month bears
to the year, §5,000 being the yearly sales on
which he has no tax to pay; and if he sells
above the rate of $410 a month he knows he
must return the excess for taxation.
Mr. HOWARD. Now, that the Senator
from Ohio is up, I wish to ask him a question,
by permission of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish an explanation
from him whether it is the intention of the
committee of conference to impose a tax on
the manufacture of flour or lumber?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the very ques-
tion the Senator from Vermont put.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish an explanation on
that point. Perhaps I do not understand it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Since that question is put
to me, I will say that as a matter of course the
proposition is to insert this language in place
of section ninetv-four.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I had better
be allowed to close my remarks, because I find
that what I designed to say is picked out by
other gentlemen as I go along and before I get
through.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg pardon of the Sen-
ator for interposing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; I give up
altogether.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I should like an ex-
planation of the Senator from Ohio as respects
this fourth section. As it stands now, I under-
stand that it imposes a tax upon lumber and
upon flour which are not now subject to any
internal tax. The very terms of this section,
if I understand it, impose a tax upon these
manufactures.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It imposes a tax
upon everything that was formerly exempted
under previous laws, no matter what it is,
whether flour or meat or bread or anything
else that never has been taxed heretofore,
where the sales amount to over §5,000 a year.
Here is a tax put on; there is no question
about that. The language is broad enough to
cover everything.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am inclined to think
that it covers all manufactures except butter
and cheese; and there is no reason why it
should not cover every manufacture. The
great complaint now is the discrimination be-
tween various classes of manufactures. There
is no reason why butter and cheese, wheu man-
ufactured to the extent of more than §5.000 a
year, should not be taxed. It is a very small
tax. All exemptions, all exceptions of every
nature, it seems to me, are unjust unless there
be a clear reason for them ; and there is no
reason in the -world why the manufacturer of
lumber or of flour should not bo taxed as
much as any other manufacturer. It is a very
small tax, only amounting to two dollars in a
thousand. I am inclined to think the criti-
cism, if his a criticism, of the Senator from
Michigan is correct, that flour would be con-
sidered as a manufacture under the definition
of the word " manufacture," contained in the
internal revenue law. There the meaning of
"manufactures" is defined; and, of course,
when we use the word "manufactures" in
this law, we refer to the definition of the word
in the internal revenue law. I think it would
include the manufacture of flour, but I am
not sure. The existing law reads:
"Any person, firm, or corporation who shall man-
ufacture by hand or machinery any goods, wares, or
merchandise not otherwise provided for, exceeding
annually the sum of £1,000, orwhoshn.il be engaged
in the manufacture or preparation for sale of any
articles or compounds, orshall put up for sale in pack-
ages with his own name or trademark thereon any
articles, the contents thereof shall be regarded as
manufactures."
I think that would include flour.
Mr. JOHNSON. And lumber, too.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know certainly;
it is a question depending on the internal rev-
enue laws. The language there is defined.
This does not change the old language.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I agree,
and with some knowledge of the practical
operation of the law as it now stands in rela-
tion to.the tax on whisky, that the best way to
prevent the frauds which are certainly being
perpetrated is the one suggested by the hon-
orable member from Indiana. The tempta-
tion to which the officers of the revenue and
the district attorneys are subjected has, I regret
to say, been found too great, as I think. These
parlies are making, if they are successful,
enormous profits. That is proved by the fact
of the quantity of whisky which is manufac-
tured and the very small amount of revenue
that is received from it. I do not think the
Government gets one third of the revenue, and
one third is some forty million dollars. There
is, therefore. §80,000,000 in the hands of these
people to use with a view to corrupt the officers
of the revenue. Their property is seized, they
themselves are arrested, and the first thing
they do is to apply to the collector of the dis-
trict, and ho becomes satisfied that they did not
intend to do any wrong upon the Government,
and he compromises. He very rarely goes to
the district attorney for the purpose of having
an indictment found; but when an indictment
is found, in nine cases out of ten, it is not
prosecuted, bat the district attorney becomes
a convert to the idea that no fraud was con-
templated; and yet we all know that fraud is
perpetrated to an enormous extent, if not to a
larger amount than that which I have stated.
Wo are. placing, therefore, practically in the
hands of these men—I do not mean all of them,
but those engaged in the frauds—a fund of at
least eighty million dollars with which they
can corrupt officers of the revenue.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator say the
collectors of internal revenue have power to
compromise?
Mr. JOHNSON. By the concurrence of the
Commissioner here. They recommend it, and
their recommendation becomes practically eon-
elusive. The Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue here requires the recommendation of the
collector, and ho cannot but act, if he believes
in the honesty of the collector, upon the recom-
mendation of the collector ; and in nine cases
out of ten that recommendation proves to be
conclusive. It is not to be wondered at, be-
cause the compensation we give to these offi-
cers is comparatively trifling. The district
attorney gets his thousand or his twelve hun-
dred dollars a year ; the collector gets his two
or three or four thousand dollars or more, and
he has before him the prospect of getting ten,
fifteen, or twenty thousand dollars a year, and
his virtue falls before the temptation.
It is idle to disguise the fact; the Senate
must, I am sure, be cognizant of the faet that
in that way frauds are being perpetrated; for
it is idle to imagine that the perpetration ot
the frauds can be successfully concealed, x
think, therefore, with the honorable member
