1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
any feeling of that kind. I shall vote on this i
question according to my judgment,- and^ if, I
when the appropriation for the harbor of Erie |
coines up, that appropriation, if it is honest i
and just, and shall be defeated because I have i
fought against other measures, then my con- j
stituents will suffer. I
Mr. HOPKINS. I quite agree with the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] that this
appropriation is, for its amount, more import-
ant in its character than any other one appro-
priation in the bill. I have not the statistics at
hand, and if I had I should not have time to
use them ; but the territory tributary to this
river raises to-day of wheat alone one hundred
million bushels ; and that amount of grain,
which is mainly transported to the East, and
from there to Europe, passes over the States
of Wisconsin and Illinois upon railroads at an
average cost of fifteen cents per bushel. This
improvement, if completed, even at the cost
estimated by the engineer department, of
$3,1)00,000, will save that amount of trans-
portation of grain, not only to the people of
Iowa and Wisconsin and Illinois and Minne-
sota, but will save it to the consumers. The
people of the East are as much interested in
this improvement as we are in the West. The
great want of the West is cheaper transporta-
tion of our surplus products. That country has
already become the granary of this continent,
and is destined to become ere long the granary
of the world. The man who puts his linger
or his foot on these works of internal improve-
ment, which are so necessary to the develop-
ment of that country, does an act of injustice
to himself and his constituents and to the
nation at large. This river is susceptible of
being made navigable. It has a volume of
water to-day that, if properly controlled, would
float any boat that now runs on the Mississippi
above Galena, and between that point and St.
Paul. I have lived near this river forten years,
and nearer to it than my friend from Galena,
and I assert that it is capable of being made
navigable at a less expense than any other
water navigation we shall ever have betweeu
the Mississippi river and the lakes.
Mr. MILLEli. I understood the gentle-
man's colleague to say that this appropria-
tion of $40,000 was merely to test an experi-
ment.
Mr. HOPKINS. This appropriation of
$40,000 is asked for at the suggestion of the
engineer department for the purpose of build-
ing some wing-dams to control the current of
the river, and see if that is the best way of
improving it. It is undoubtedly the cheapest
way, and if you will permit them to test it, we
shall get an improvement which the gentleman
from Penns) lvania, with all his ideas of econ-
omy, for which I honor him, and the gentle-
mail from Illinois, will be proud of as citizens
of the United States.
Mr. FARNSWOHTH. _ I understand the
gentleman to say that this is the most feasible
project for water communication between the
Mississippi river and the lakes. I want to
inquire if Rock river, which runs through the
States of Wisconsin and Illinois, is not more
feasible?
Mr. HOPKINS. I will say to my friend
from Illinois that I am myself and my con-
stituents are more directly interested in the
Rock river than in the Wisconsin river. I
should be glad to see Rook river improved,
and I expect to live to see the day, if I live
to the common age of man, when not only
the Wisconsin river will be made navigable,
but Rock river and the Illinois river also;
and with those three great navigable rivers
running through that territory which produces
so much, we shall have what the West wants
and needs.
("Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I withdraw my amend-
Mr. DELANO. I move to reduce the amount
to $5,000, not for the purpose of occupying the
time of the House in reference to this partic-
ular item of the bill, but to direct the attention
of the House to some general views and ideas
connected with the bill.
This bill appropriates for lake harbors,
$811,000; for close harbor, $318,000 ; for the
improvement of rivers, $2,741,000 ; for the
purchase of certain localities, and a certain
appropriation for the Portland and Louisville
canal, $2,017,000, and for the continuation of
surveys, $200,000 ; in all, $0,141,000. It will
be observed by those who analyze this hill
that there are thirty two lake harbors appro-
priated for; twenty-seven rivers appropriated
for, and ten close harbors appropriated _ for.
It is so arranged as to reach perhaps the indi-
vidual interests of some seventy members of
this House. It may be setdown, to begin with,
as an omnibus that a great many people can
ride in.
Now, sir, if we were in a condition finan-
cially to commence this scheme of improve-
ments, I am not prepared to say that I should
be among those who would oppose it. But we
have just crushed out a rebellion without re-
gard to cost; we have nearly got through the
work of restoration and reorganization; and
if there is anything left for the Republican
party now to do, which in point of importance is
higher and above all other things, it is a proper
and economical administration of this Govern-
ment. We might part with this $0,000,000for
the purposes contemplated by this bill, ^without
laying a burden upon the people which they
could notendure; but we would he inaugurating
a scheme which would lead to the expenditure
of untold millions in the future.
In reference to the particular item immedi-
ately under consideration, the friends of the
appropriation say that it is only an experiment
to test the manner and practicability of carry-
ing out the project of connecting the waters of
the Mississippi river and the great lakes.
There is another project of connecting the
waters of the Mississippi and the lakes bj an
improvement extending through the State of
Illinois. And the people of Ohio desire to
improve the connection they have made of the
waters of Lake Erie and the Ohio river. But
are we prepared to enter upon this scheme at
this time? Is it just to the constituencies whose
interests it is our duty to protect for us to pass
such a bill as this at this time? In almost all
cases covered by this bill the appropriations
here proposed are but entering wedges to
secure a way into the Treasury._ The time
may come when these appropriations will be
required, but I deny that now is the fit and
proper time to enter upon this policy of public
improvements. At the proper time, when it
is in order, I will offer an amendment to this
bill, proposing a certain amount of limited
appropriations for the preservation of such
works as we have now in hand but which need
a little more assistance, and leave this entire
policy for action at some future day when our
constituencies will be better prepared to bear
the burden.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELIOT. We might as well meet this
question now as at any time. And perhaps
the particular appropriation now under con-
sideration furnishes as good an occasion for
the contest which it is evident^ this bill must
meet as any item will afford. Sir, itis because
these improvements are demanded by the peo-
ple ; itis because these improvements, although
they cost money, are among the expenditures
which are productive, or while they costmoney
return into the Treasury more money overand
over again than they cost.; it is because of
those things that the Committee on Commerce
instructed the reporting of this bill. Some of
these measures are to a certain extent experi-
mental. How can it be otherwise? Ihere is
no question that the improvementisdemanded ;
there is no question that the interests of the
country require it, and that a large amount of
revenue will be produced to the country if the
improvement shall be made. An appropria-
tion is made at the beginning for the purpose
of seeing how it shall best, be done.
And upon this the question comes up whether,
considering the present condition of the Treas-
ury, it is or is not best for us to stop where we
are. If it is, then let this bill be laid on
the table. If the members of this Congress
are prepared to g<f back to their constituents
and say that because of the fact that we have
just passed through along and expensive war,
and because we have a large debt to pay, there-
fore we have concluded upon the whole to let
the whole system of internal improvements
rest where it now is, be it so. But I predict
that it would be the most disastrous policy we
could pursue. This is no mere party question.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delano] has
analyzed this bill and found so many lake
appropriations, so many river appropriations,
so many appropriations upon the coast, and so
many inland.
The object of the bill, sir, is to furnish ways
and means by which the industries of the coun-
try can be made operative, by which they can
work so as to make the opportunities which
God in his providence gave to us effective and
available.
Mr. Speaker, of what value is it to us because
in one season at the West an amount of grain
can he raised which puts to shame the accu-
mulations of Pharaoh in the days when the
brethren of Joseph went down into Egypt to
save their father from starvation ? Of what
avail is it, sir, if the constituents of the gentle-
man from Illinois have got to burn their corn
for fuel, because they cannot convey it to mar-
ket? •
If we are to be told because the Treasury is
in the condition in which it is we are to wait
year after year until the time shall come, as
the gentleman says in his report, when labor is
lower, when money is more plenty, why, sir,
let me say before that time has come, if these
appropriations are made and these improve-
ments carried on, the amount of money put
into the Treasury by reason of these improve-
ments will over and over again pay the expenses
to which we ave now subject.
Sir, we have got to appropriate four or five
million dollars annually as one of the natural,
fair, ordinary expenses of this Government if
we do our duty as the legislators of this coun-
try, in which God has permitted us to live ; and
it is in vain to single out this item or that item
for the purpose of raising on it a general argu-
ment against appropriations of this kind, unless,
indeed, gentlemen propose to stop where we
are.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in regard to this special
appropriation. The Wisconsin river, as you
know very well, enters into the Mississippi.
The Fox river enters into Green bay. The
object of the appropriation is to make such
communication between Green bay and the
Mississippi river as that the whole production
there can be carried down to the_ Mississippi
river, so along down to St. Louis and New
Orleans and out to the ocean ; or the other way,
as my friend from Wisconsin says. This is the
early part of the improvement.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON withdrew his amendment.
Mr. PILE. I move to make it $50,000 in-
stead of $40,000.
Mr. Speaker, the wealth of this country, as
of all others, arises from production, and pro-
duction can only be stimulated and kept up
by rapid and cheap means of interchanging
commodities for the transportation of the
productions of one locality to another, for the
transportation of productions in excess to
where they are wanted. These great avenues
of industry have received from all wise gov-
ernments careful consideration and encourage-
ment. Until a very short period river and
occan and wagon transportation have been the'
principal medium of interchange of commod-
ities from one locality to another. Recently
the era of railroads commenced. Ihey have
been built in this country as well as m all otber
civilized countries; but it has been demon-
strated that the railroad transportation is usea
for the interchange of light commodities, ana
that we must at last fall back and rely upon
