1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1137
naturalization of persons born, in any other
part of the earth. Our laws admit all to citi-
zenship equally by complying with certain re-
quisitions of laws passed under the Constitu-
tion ; and when once a person born in any other
part of the earth is touched by those laws he
assumes the quality of a citizen, of which he
cannot be deprived except by his own act.
These complications have arisen principally in
our negotiations with Great Britain and Prus-
sia, not from the same cause or the same claim,
on the part of each of those nations, but from
very different and, in some respects, opposite
reasons. The laws of Prussia admit of expa-
triation, and a declaration to that effect is
incorporated in the fundamental law of that
nation. A qualification is also annexed to the
declaration that the person who seeks to expa-
triate himself shall not leave his country for
the purpose of avoiding military service within
certain ages and after certain orders have been
given under laws passed for conscripting that
class of persons into the army of that nation.
The law of England does not admit of expa-
triation un<ler any circumstances. ''Once a
subject always a subject" is the doctrine of
the English law. u Nemo potest extiere pa-
triam'' is a maxim of that law. And hence,
although a subject, natural bom or naturalized,
under the British Crown, may become natural-
ized in the United States, or perhaps in two or
three other foreign countries, and may possess
and exercise all the rights and privileges of
those countries, yet still hisallcgiance is claimed
for the Crown of Great Britain, and there is
no principle in the English law or the English
constitution which will enable him to absolve
himself from that allegiance. It seems to me
astonishing that the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Baxks] should
state, as he did yesterday, that the declaration
in the bill I proposed was to introduce into the
law of our country the English law of expatri-
ation, when from the earliest history of the law
of that country, from its feudal origin down to
the present time, they have always denied to
their subjects the right of expatriation. In
respect to naturalization they have always been
most liberal. I find a good exposition of that
practice made two hundred and fifty years
ago, by Lord Bacon in his great argument for
the post nati, and which is as applicable to the
law of England now, as it was then. I will read
a passage of that argument. After explaining
how a person was to become a subject, he says:
"For it is not much to make a subject naturalized
by the law of England: it should suffice either place
or parents. If he be boin in England, it is no matter
though his parents be Spaniards, or what you will;
on the other side, if he be born of English parents.it
skilleth not though he be born in Spain or in any
other place of the world. In such sort doth the law
of England open her lap to receive in people to be
naturalized, which, indeed, showeth the wisdom and
excellent composition of our law, and that it is the
law of a warlike and a magnanimous nation fit for
empire; for look and you shall find that such kind
of estates have been ever liberal in point of natural-
ization, whereas merchant-liko and envious estates
have been otherwise."
From the time when England became a mari-
time nation- she has yielded protection to her
subjects, whether natural born or naturalized,
whenever they have suffered injury in any part
of the world. One of the most instructive cases
in our own time is to be found in the conduct
of the English Government toward the Gov-
ernment of Greece, in the case of Finlay and
of Pacifico, during Lord Palmerston's admin-
istration of foreign affairs, about the year 1850.
In that case, although one of the parties had
been bora in Portugal, was a Jew of mean
estate, with nothing to recommend him to the
protection of the Government of Great Brit-
ain except the fact that he was a naturalized
subject of Great Britain, Lord Palmerston
threatened war with Greece unless justice was
done him. by the authorities of that country
according to the ideas of the English nation,
and even sent a fleet which anchored in the
port of Athens to enforce his demands.
On the other hand, while admitting the right
of naturalization and all its consequences to
the fullest extent ever claimed by us or as
established by the Roman law, they go to the
utmost extreme in denying the right of the
subject to change his nationality; nor is that
law of recent declaration. I find also a most
excellent exposition of it in the argument, to
which I have already referred, of the same
celebrated lawyer and author. He describes
the allegiance due by the subject to the British
Crown as being in fact perpetual, as relating
not only to one generation but to all the de-
scendants of the natural-born subject. He
goes on to put a case in which a subject owing
allegiance to the Crown of Great Britain went
to Spain, and there his descendants remained
for many generations; yet it was held that they
were still subject to the English Crown. And
he then adds:
"So of reward, privilege, or benefit we need seek
no other instance than the instance in question; for
I will put to you a case that no man shall deny where
the law of England doth work and confer the benefit
of naturalization upon a birth neither within the
dominions of the kingdom nor king of England. By
the statute of 3-3 E. Ill, which, if you will believe
Hussey, is but a declaration of the common law, ail
children born in any part of the world, if they be of
English parents, continuing at that time as liege sub-
jects to the king, and having done no act to forfeit the
benefit of their allegiance, are ipto facto naturalized.
Kay, if a man look narrowly into the law on this
point he shall find a consequence that may seem at
the first strange, but yet cannot be well avoided,
which is that if divers families of English men and
women plant themselves at Middlesborough or at
Rouen or at Lisbon, and have issue, and their descend-
ants do intermarry among themselves, without any
admixture of foreign blood, such descendants are
naturalized to all generations; for every generation
is still of liege parents, and therefore naturalized, so
as you may have whole tribes and lineages of English
in foreign countries."
Nor, Mr. Speaker, have the-Committee on
Foreign Affairs in their report exaggerated the
extent to which this allegiance may be claimed
among American citizens. Estimating, as they
do, that six million persons have emigrated
from the dominions of Great Britain to this
country since the peace of 1783, their descend-
ants would amount to the relative proportion,
as stated in that report, to the rest of the whole
population. The laws which have been passed
in England since Lord Bacon:s time, espe-
cially those in the reign of George 11 and
George III—the latter about the year 1773—
do not merely declare the extent to which this
allegiance may be demanded of descendants
of subjects of Great Britain abroad, but they
make that alliance obligatory upon those
descendants ; and a recent English writer puts
the case strongly, but not too strongly, when
he says that the General-in-Chief of the Amer-
ican armies, if his ancestors had emigrated
from any of the dominions of Great Britain
since the peace of 1783, might, if he came
within the territory of the British Crown, have
no defense to the suit of a common informer
for penalties under the foreign enlistment acts
for fighting the battles of Vieksburg, Chatta-
nooga, and Petersburg. To such an extent
may the Crown of England, under the British
laws, demand allegiance of the descendants of
its subjects abroad.
But it may be said that Great Britain does
not and will not make this demand. It is true.
The very magnitude of the claim makes it pre-
posterous. Such a claim would be entirely
ineffectual and so monstrous as to become
ridiculous. But let me state where we meet
the difficulty. Great Britain not recognizing
the right of expatriation in her subjects, they
are, when they return to England, held to
reassume all the duties and obligations of nat-
ural-born subjects, as if they had never quitted
the realm, and are made subject to the muni-
cipal laws of England exa^Jy as if they had
remained all their lives upon its soil. Well,
for some purposes, in the exercise of the mu-
nicipal authority of England or of any other
nation, it matters not whether the person who
has become subject to those laws was born
within the realm or out of it. Whoever is
within the power of the law of any nation must,
be subject to that law according to its provis-
ions. The person who commits crime in Eng-
land, whether ho be native born or foreign
born, cannot claim the protection of any other
nation, although he may claim that he has
absolved himself from his nationality and his
allegiance to England and assumed allegiance
to another country. He must exhaust the
relief to which he is entitled in the courts of
England before he can appeal to his Govern-
ment for protection. But there are cases fre-
quently arising in which the subjects of other
nations aye entitled to different treatment from
that to which subjects of the British Crown may
be obliged to submit. Hence arise complaints,
bickerings, and in some cases acts of vio-
lence, which create differences that sometimes
threaten to become too great for settlement
by the ordinary methods of diplomacy.
Mr. Speaker, it is for the purpose of clear-
ing up this difficulty in our diplomacy, to meet
these _ questions which constantly arise and
must increase in number as this country in-
creases in growth and population, that this bill
is introduced. It declares not only that sub-
jects of Great Britain or any other nation may
expatriate themselves, renounce their allegi-
ance to the Crown under which they were born
and assume a national character in this coun-
try, but also that citizens born or naturalized
in this country may lose that nationality by
the performance of certain acts.
It is said, and for this we have the high au-
thority of the President of the United States,
that when we attempt to negotiate or interfere
in regard to the rights of American citizens
abroad, we are met by the authoritative expo-
sitions of our own law by the courts of this
country to the effect that we have adopted in
this respect the law of England; and that until
by some authentic declaration by law or solemn
adjudication we have proclaimed that such is
not the'law of this country w^have no right to
demand from foreign nations the recognition of
the principle for which we contend. And every
one must see the force of this suggestion. It
is alleged, however, that this is not quite true.
I was surprised to hear this asserted by the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and by his associate [Mr. OitTHjwhoaddressed
the House on the day before yesterday. What
is the law upon that subject as proclaimed by
the courts? It is the plain declaration which
they make in all other cases arising under the
common law of this country. When we sepa-
rated from Great Britain, we took with us as a
part of our heritage the common law of Eng-
land ; and until that common law is altered
by statute it remains in force iu the several
States of this country which have adopted it;
some by the declaration of their Legislatures
and some by their constitutions. And how
else can the courts decide the question of alle-
giance cxcept by declaring, unless they find a
statute, fundamental or legislative, which alters
the law of England, that that law in this respect
still remains in force?
Such I understand was the point of the argu-
ment of the learned gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Woodward] who sits before me;
and I find produced in the report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs no single case in
any single court where the contrary doctrine
is held. Well, therefore, may the President
of the United States, in the performance of his
high duties, call the attention of Congress of
the United States to this deficiency in our
laws.
The state of the American law on this sub-
ject of expatriation is summed up as follows:
" But the Supreme Court have not admitted the
distinct right of expatriation, independently of an
act of Congress to authorize it. On this point, Chan-
cellor Kent remarks: * From an historical review of
the principal discussions in the Federal courts too
bettor opinion would seem to be, that a citizen can-
not renounce his allegiance to the Lmted States with-
out the permission of Government, to be declared
bylaw; and that there is no existing legislation in
the case; the rule of the English law remains unal-
tered"' * * * * In all countries where
the English common law does not prevail the pre-
sumption, in accordance with the uniform doctrine
of the publicists, is in favor of the right of expatria-
tion."—Lawrence's Wheaton, p. 919, note on Natural-
ization and Expatriation.
It is not strange, sir, this deficiency Has ex-
isted, This Government was commenced as
