THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
Answer. Yes, fir.
Qaesliuyi. Have you that here?
Answer. Yes, sir. [Producing it.]
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the counsel
for the respondent, handing them the first
commission.) Gentlemen, here is the appoint-
ment of Mr. Blodgett from the President in the
recess of the Senate. [To the witness.] Is
this your other commission?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. After you were confirmed by the
Senate ?
Ansvier. Yes, sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. "To haveand to
hold for the term of four years from the day
of the date hereof unless the President of the
United States for the time being shall be
pleased sooner to revoke, to determine the
commission." This was on the 27th day of
July, 18GG, issued by the President.
[The commission was handed to the coun-
sel for the President.]
Question. Were you suspended from office?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Have you a copy of the letter of
suspension?
Answer. No, sir; I have not a copy of it.
It is down with the Committee on Post Offices.
Question. Among the records of the Senate?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. When was that ?
Answer. On the 3d of January, 1868.
Question. Have you examined to see whether
your suspension and the reasons therefor have
been sent to the Senate?
Answer. It has been reported to me by the
chairman of the Post Office Committee that it
had not been sent in.
Question. Can you learn that it has been
sent in ?
Answer. I have learned that it has not been
sent in.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I suppose Sena-
tors can make this certain from their own
records, to which we have not access.
Mr. STANBERY. Of course, we know all
about it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I supposed, sir,
you did know all about it. [To the witness.]
Has any action been taken on your suspension,
except simply that you were suspended ?
Answer. None that I know of.
No cross-examination.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I ask counsel for
the President if they desire to be served with
notice to produce the original of that letter ?
[Handing to the counsel a copy of a letter.]
Mr. SI'ANliERY, (having examined tho
papers.) I see no objection to that. We do
not wa.nt to put you to the necessity of mere
formal proof. Read it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER read as follows :
war department,
Adjutant Ukneraj/s Okfice,
Washington, February 21,186S.
Sin : 1 have the honor to report that I have deliv-
ered the communication addressed by you to Hon.
Edwin M. Stanton, removing him from office of Sec-
retary of tho War Department, and also to acknowl-
edge the receipt of your letter of this* date authoiiz-
incr and empowering me to act as Secretary of War
ad interim. 1 accept this appointment with gratitude
for the coniideneo reposed in me, and will endeavor
to discharge the duties to the best of my ability.
I have the honor to bo, your obedient servant,
L. THOMAS,
Adjutant General.
To his Excellency Andrew Johnson,
President of the Viitied tStatei.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am instructed,
Mr. President, by the Managers to give notice
that we will ask of the Senate to allow to be
put in this case proper certificates from the
records of the Senate to show that no report
of the reasons for the suspension of Mr. Blod-
gett has ever been sent to the Senate in con-
formity with the law.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Those can be put
in at any time.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Yes, sir. We close
here.
Mr. STANBERY. I will ask the honorable
Manager under what article this case of Mr.
Blodgett comes?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. In the final dis-
cussion I have no doubt the gentlemen who
close the case will answer that question to the
entire satisfaction of tho learned gentleman.
Mr. STANBERY. I have no doubt of that
myself, but the question is whether we are to
be put to the trouble of answering it. That
is the point I want to understand.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel for
the President must know that when the Sen-
ate has made an order for furnishing to the
Managers the certificates which they desire,
and they are presented, the introduction of
them can then be objected to. At present there
is no question before the court.
Mr. STANBERY. My question is to the
gentleman under what article this case of Mr.
Blodgett comes.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, The Managers of
the House of Representatives state that the
evidence on their part, with the exception first
indicated, is closed. Gentlemen of counsel
for the President, you will proceed with the
defense.
Mr. CURTIS, of counsel for the respondent,
rose and said: Mr. Chief Justice, I am here
to speak to the Senate of the United States
sitting in its judicial capacity as a.court of
impeachment, presided over by the Chief Jus-
tice of the United States, for the trial of the
President of the United States. This state-
ment sufficiently characterizes what 1 have to
say. Here party spirit, political schemes, fore-
gone conclusions, outrageous biases can have
no fit operation. The Constitution requires
that here should be a " trial," and as in that
trial the oath which each one of you has taken
is to administer "impartial justice according
to the Constitution and the laws," the only
appeal which I can make in behalf of the Pres-
ident is an appeal to the conscienco and the
reason of each judge who sits before me. Upon
the law and the facts, upon the judicial merits
of the case, upon the duties incumbent ou that
high officer by virtue of his office, and his
honest endeavor to discharge those duties, the
President rests his defense. And I pray each
one of you to listen to me with that patience
which belongs to a judge for his own sake,
which I cannot expect to command by any
efforts of mine, while I open to you what that
defense is.
The honorable Managers, through their asso-
ciate who has addressed you, [Mr. Butleii,]
has informed you that this is not a court, and
that, whatever may be the character of this
body, it is bound by no law. Upon those sub-
jects I shall have something hereafter to say.
The honorable Manager did not tell you, in
terms at least, that here are no articles before
you, because a statement of that fact would
be in substance to say that here are no honor-
able Managers before you ; inasmuch as the
only authority with which the honorable Man-
agers are clothed by the House of Represent-
atives is an authority to present here at your
bar certain articles, and, within their limits,
conduct this prosecution; and, therefore, I
shall make no apology, Senators, for asking
your close attention to these articles, one after
the other, in manner and form as they are here
presented, to ascertain, in the first place,what
are the substantial allegations in each of them,
what is the legal operation and effect of those
allegations, and what proof is necessary to be
adduced in order to sustain them ; and I shall
begin with the first, not merely because the
House of Representatives, in arranging these
articles, have placed that first in order, but
because the subject-matter of that article is of
such a character that it forms the foundation
of the first eight articles in the series, and
enters materially into two of the remaining
three.
What, then, is the substance of this first
article ? What, as the lawyers say, are the
gravamenina contained in it? There is a great
deal of verbiage—I do not mean by that un-
necessary verbiage—in the description of the
substantive matters set down in this article.
Stripped of that verbiage it amounts exactly
to these things: first, that the order set out in
the article for the removal of Mr. Stanton, if
executed, would be a violation of the tenure-
of-office act; second, that it was a violation
of the tenure-of-office act; third, that it was
an intentional violation of the tenure-of-office
act; fourth, that it was a violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States; and fifth, was
by the President intended to be so. Or, to
draw all this into one sentence which yet may
be intelligible and clear enough, I suppose tho
substance of this first article is that the order
for the removal of Mr. Stanton was and was
intended to be a violation of the tenure-of-
office act, and was intended to be a violation
of the Constitution of the United States. These
are the allegations which it is necessary for the
honorable Managers to make out in proof to
support that article.
Now, there is a question involved here which
enters deeply, as Iliave already intimated, into
the first eight articles in this scries, and mate-
rially touches two of the others ; and to that
question I desire in tho first place to invite the
attention of the court. That question is, whether
.Mr. Stanton's case comes under the tenure-of-
office act. If it docs not, if the true construc-
tion and effect of the tenure-of-office act when
applied to the facts of his case excludes it, then
it will bo found by honorable Senators when
they come to examine this and the other arti-
cles that a mortal wound has been inflicted
upon them by that decision. I must, there-
fore, ask your attention to the construction and
application of tho first section of the tenure-of-
office act. It is, as Senators know, but dry
work; it requires close, careful attention and
reflection ; no doubt it will receive them. Al-
low me, in the first place, to read that section :
"That every person holding any official office to
which ho has boon appointed by apd with the advieo
and consent of the Senate, and every person who
shall hereafter be appointed to any such office, and
shall become duly qualified to act therein, is and
shall be entitled to hold such office until a suecessor
shall have been in like manner appointed and duly
qualified, except as herein otherwise provided."
Then comes what is " otherwise provided
"Provided, That the Secretaries of State, of tho
TreoPury, of War, of tho Navy, and of tlio Interior,
the Postmaster General, and the Attorney General,
shall hold their offices respectively for and during
the term of the Pi esident by whom they may have
been appointed, and for one month thereafter, sub-
ject to removal by and with the advice and consent
of tho Senate."
Here is a section, then, the body of which
applies to all civil officers, as well to those then
in office as to those who should thereafter be
appointed. The body of that section contains
a declaration that every such officer "is," that
is, if he is now in office, " and shall be," that
is, if he shall hereafter be appointed to office,
entitled to hold until a successor is appointed
and qualified in his place. That is the body
of the section. But out of this body of the
section it is explicitly declared that there is to
be excepted a particular class of officers " ex-
pect as herein otherwise provided." There is
to be excepted out of this general description
of all civil officers a particular class of offi-
cers as to whom something is "otherwise pro-
vided;" that is, a different rule is to be an-
nounced for them.
The Senate will perceive that in the body of
the section all officers, as well those then hold-
ing office as those thereafter to be appointed,
are included. The language is :
"Eyery person holding any civil office to which he
lias been appointed," * r " * "and
every person who shall hereafter bo appointed."
" * "is and shall bo ontitled," &e.
It affects the present; it sweeps over all who
are in office, and come within the body of the
section; it includes by its terms as well all
those now in office as those who may be here-
after appointed. But when you come to the
proviso the first noticeable thing is that tins
language is changed; it is not. that "every
Secretary who now is, and hereafter may be, in
office shall be entitled to hold that office" by
a certain rule which is here prescribed ; but the
proviso, while it fixes a rule for the future only,
makes no deelaiation of tho present right of
one of this clar.i ol officers, and the question
