2182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28-
from Indiana, that the best mode is to take
away from the Commissioner, or, if not, to
subject it to still stronger limitations than now
exist, the power to compromise. But, as far
asthe proposition recommended by the com-
mittee of conference on the subject is con-
cerned, 1 have but a word to say.
The first provision which they recommend
will be' found practically useless, because it
will not be in the power of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue to make the discovery
which the section contemplates as within his
power. Then as to the second clause, that is ob-
jectionable, in my view, upon several grounds :
in the first place, it seems to me to be grossly
unjust; it visits upon the innocent the crimes
of the guilty ; it goes upon the assumption that
there may be innocent distillers. I have no
doubt there are; and, notwithstanding it as-
sumes the innocence of the distiller, it strikes
at his trade and may rain him, because the
Government is unable to distinguish between
the innocent and the criminal distiller.
_ But again, Mr. President, I think it objec-
tionable, bccause it is entirely futile, or will be
found so in practice. A continuous sale for
ten days of liquor at a price less than the tax,
is to cause the Commissioner to close all the
distilleries within the district. What will they
do ? They will sell for eight or for nine days
and then slop, and thus avoid the penalty and
laugh at your law. It would not be the duty
or the right of the Commissioner acting under
that provision to close the distillery unless the
sales had gone on for ten continuous dt-ys ; and
if he attempted to execute it because the sales
had continued for a number of days less than
ten, he would be exceeding his authority and
would render himself liable to damages.
But it is, as 1 think, objectionable in part
on a constitutional ground. It not only pro-
vides that in the future a continuous sale for
ten days is to be punished by the closing of all
the distilleries, but if there shall have been in
the past such sales for ten days, the distilleries
are to be stopped. That is ex post facto. It
is a penalty which we are about to impose upon
an alleged offense. The offense is the selling
for less than the tax for a period of ten days.
That we may do in the future, if it be advis-
able to do so at all ; but as the law now stands
a man might sell for ten days or twenty days
without being liable on account of the sales or
without the distilleries in his district being re-
sponsible to the punishment imposed by this
bill ; and yet the bill provides that in a case of
that description ihe distilleries are to be closed.
Now, what is the effect of closing them all?
How does that benefit the revenue ? It pre-
vents the manufacture out of which the'revenue
is to arise. It says in so many woids that no
whisky shall be distilled in the future until we
think proper to open the distilleries. Then
every day that the distilleries are closed is the
object upon which the tax is to be levied
defeated.
Now, I do not know whether I am right in
what I am about to say, but I have so heard ;
my friend from Ohio will set me right if I am
wrong ; what is done with the whisky that is
seized as forfeited to the Government under
the law? It is carried, I understand, into the
bonded warehouses. It belongs to the Gov-
ernment. It is forfeited property. What is
done with it? Is it sold for an amount not
less than the tax ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is held in the custody
of the Government; but if we can stop the
manufacture of whisky so that it will rise
above two dollars a gallon, we can then sell it
and realize the tax.
Mr. JOHNSON. It may or may not; but I
have had some reason to believe that in the
past—I do not know how it has been lately—-
either after or before it gets into the bonded
warehouse, it is sold for less than the amount
of the tax. I do not know that the law author-
izes it, but I have supposed that it did, because I
do know professionally that an offer was made
to bay some of this whisky which the Govern-
ment had seized, and the party agreed to give, or
proposed to give; some forty or fifty cents for it,
tie meaning to ship it to Mexico, where he could
have sold it, as he thought, for three or four
dollars; and he was told if he would give fifty
cents he might have it. If the Commissioner
was the party with whom the negotiation was
held I have so much confidence in his integrity
that I have no doubt he supposed that he was
authorized to sell it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will refer the Senator
to^the law if he wishes. Section twenty-seven
or t'
or the act of March 2, 18G7, provides "that no
distilled spirits which have been forfeited to the
Government in accordance with law shall be
sold for a price loss than the amount of the tax
required thereon by law at the time of such sale.''
Mr. JOHNSON. The case to which I re-
ferred was before that. That was not the law
before 1807. They were willing to sell for less
than the tax before that. I was about to con-
clude by saying that I have no doubtthe sugges-
tion of the honorable member from Indiana
would go very far to arrest these frauds ; and
if, in addition to that, the tax were reduced to
a dollar a gallon I do not believe there would
be any fraud of any consequence, and that the
Government would derive twice as much rev-
enue as it is now receiving.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do notknow. Mr. Presi-
dent, that it is at all necessary to undertake to
defend this report; but it may be proper to
make a few suggestions in reference to the sub-
ject that has been so elaborately discussed.
Senators on this floor, whenever any discussion
has arisen about the whisky tax, have denounced
the persons who are engaged in the business
as thieves and robbers, men who plunder the
public Treasury ; but when a law is brought in
here that strikes an effective blow at these
men, then their hearts suddenly expand with
sympathy for these poor, persecuted, honest
distillers.
The argument, of the distinguished Senator
from Indiana, if I understood it, was remark-
able, as it appeared to me, for its inconsistency.
Commencing with the declaration that this
measure was unnecessary because there were
already sufficient enactments upon the subject,
he then proceeded to say that it was so defect-
ive that there was no way of preventing fraud
upou our present system of internal revenue,
because there was a power under existing laws
by which compromises bet ween collectors or
prosecuting attorneys and persons arrested
might be made. It may be true that it would
be of advantage to amend the existing law in
that respect; but I conceive that the honor-
able Senator attaches altogether too much
importance to the effect of the compromises
which are made between those who prosecute
on the part of the Government and those who
are charged with the violation of the law of
the land. These compromises are either hon-
est or they are corrupt. Assuming that they
are honest, then, of course, no objection can be
made to them ; but if they are corrupt they are
corrupt because the men upon whom the
enforcement of the law is devolved are dis-
honest and corrupt men ; and if they are so
they can prevent the effective prosecution of
these criminals as well without power to com-
promise as with that power. Suppose a prose-
cuting attorney is corrupt and purchasable, it
is possible that he may advise a compromise ;
but could he not bo hired to abandon the pros-
ecution, hired not to call his witnesses, hired
to defeat the prosecution in many ways?
But if you take away the power of compro-
mising the case must go to judgment and the
United States must pay the costs and recover
nothing. Witnesses may be suborned. If
there is that wide-spread corruption connected
with the revenue from whisky which is alleged,
I undertake to say that it is in vain for you to
depend upon criminal prosecutions for the
enforcement of your law; for if prosecuting
attorneys and witnesses and judges and col-
lectors and all concerned are corrupt, what
advantage is it to have a law that deprives
those persons of any power to compromise?
Now, sir, it appears to me that the only
effective mode which can be adopted in order
to prevent these frauds is to provide for a
proceeding in rem, and not to provide for the
prosecution of any particular individual or in-
dividuals. When a distillery is engaged in the
violation of the law speak and strike, and
strike before you speak, and then you may
accomplish something in the way of '.suppress-
ing these frauds. It appears to me that the
defects of the system arise, perhaps, not so
much from the imperfections of the law, for
our most distinguished men in both branches
of Congress have been bnsyfor years in devis-
ing legislation to meet these cases, but our
legislation has been inoperative because the
men who have had to execute the law have
been unfaithful, dishonest men; and so the
law has proved an abortion. Now, this bill
proposes to proceed at once, without any cir-
cumlocution, without calling upon prosecuting
attorneys, collectors, or witnesses to swear to
one thing and another, but it proposes to pro-
ceed at once against the distillery.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Will mv friend allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
I want to know if whisky is distilled in one
district and carried to an adjoining district
where there is no distillery and sold, how he
will reach the case?
Mr. WILLIAMS. If sales of whisky are
made in a district where there is no distillery,
of course there is no distillery there to close;
but if the distillery which is engaged in manu-
facturing sells whisky at a less price than the
tax that distillery can be closed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Do you in that case shut np any distillery?
Would not all the whisky be sold in districts
where there were no distilleries?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think not, Mr. Presi-
dent. Is it possible that there would be no
whisky sold in the city of New York, or in
New Orleans, or Philadelphia, or any of those
large cities? According to the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] and I think he is
quite right on that subject, the great frauds
upon the public revenue are not committed in
the country among the rural distilleries so
much as in the great cities, where there are
hundreds of distilleries engaged in the illicit
manufacture of whisky. It is to empower the
Commissioner to proceed against those distill-
eries that this measure has been reported.
It is quite singular to notice the different
objections that are made to this report. One
Senator objects to it bccause it is entirely in-
operative.
If that be so, of course it can produce no
harm. But another Senator objects to it be-
cause it is too severe and too oppressive in its
operation; and its penalties, it is urged, may
(all equally, like the rain from heaven, upon the
just and the unjust. These objections are en-
tirely inconsistent wilh each other; but there
seems to be a disposition to tnke a running
jump at this report on all hand*, and to whis"
tie it down the wind without very much con-
sideration, because it is something that, as has
been suggested, has no precedent in our legis-
lation upon the subject of whisky.
W ill this proposed law operate upon honest
men to their great detriment and harm? I
assume what is frequently assumed in this Sen-
ate, and is general!}" conceded here to-day, that
men who are now engaged in the distillation
oi ardent spirits are not honest men: and they
cannot in the nature of things be so, with a
possible exception, so long as spirits sell in the
immediate neighborhood where they manufac-
ture them, for less than the tax. How can an
honest man make whisky and pay a tax of two
dollars upon it, add it to the cost of produc-
tion, and then sell that whisky for one dollar
| a gallon in the market?
j Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
j answer liim oil that point?
| Mr. WILLIAMS. I prefer to conclude what
| I have to say, and then the Senator can answer
1 as he deems proper.
