1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
an experiment. Its citizens were composed
of emigrants from foreign nations or the de-
scendants of those emigrants. The peace of
1783 severed the allegiance of all persons within
the territory of the United States to the Brit-
ish Crown. From that time the question began
to arise, as well with other countries as with
Great Britain, and Congress began cautiously to
exercise the powers the Constitution conferred
upon it in this respect. It was not until 1802
that a uniform rule of naturalization was
adopted by law. Since that time we have had
a uniform naturalization law throughout the
country, while before the adoption of the Con-
stitution each State naturalized citizens for
itself. We made that rule more strict from
time to time. In 1813, I think, a law was
passed refusing naturalization to any foreigner
who did not remain five years consecutively in
this country. That was repealed in 1848, and
the rule of naturalization now is, as it was
in 1802, requiring five years' residence in the
country, a declaration of intention within two
years and renunciation of allegiance by oath
in order to entitle the subject of a foreign coun-
try to citizenship in this.
We have carried this right of expatriation as
regards other countries and the right of protec-
tion to which a foreigner may be entitled when
domiciled here almost to the extieme. The
case of Martin Ivozsta I hold to be an extreme
one, which was well decided on the facts, but
those facts can hardly ever arise again. It was
found that Kozsta had been made an outlaw
by decree of the emperor of Austria. He was
among the Hungarians exempted from pardon
and amnesty, and to whom even the promise
of amnesty in future was refused. He was
found in a neutsal port and seized by Austrian
authority, and the representatives of the Hin-
ted States on the spot interfered in his behalf.
They were sustained by this Government after-
ward on the ground that being an outlaw from
his own native country, and not having become
a citizen of another, he had acquired domi-
cile in this country, which entitled him to the
protection of this Government—not that he was
a citizen, or that his declaration to become a
citizen was sufficient'to entitle him to that pro-
tection ; but that that declaration, accompa-
nied by proof of the fact of his domicile in this
country, was sufficient to make him a citizen ol
the United States for the purpose of being pro-
tected abroad.
And in that decision of our Government I
find a phrase used in the commencement of
the second section of the bill offered by me
"the national character" of citizens—which,
perhaps, is not a legal and technical phrase;
but it was on that explicit ground, declared by
Mr. Marcy in his report and adopted by the
Government in sanctioning that report, that lie
had acquired by obtaining a domicile here in
this country "-the national character,'' equiv-
alent to that of citizen to entitle him to protee-
ticra.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in view of this state ot
things, I wish to call attention to the bill re-
ported by the Committee- on Foreign Affairs
and see whether it meets the classes of cases
■which arise before us. I find on the face ot
it, in the first place, no declaration of the two
great rights which are involved in this act of
legislation; no recognition of the right of ex-
patriation in any form : and I find, too, it makes
a distinction never made by any nation wmcii
protected its citizens, and which should never
be made by this nation in the presence of the
world, a distinction between native-born citi-
zens and those who were born abroad but had
acquired citizenship by natui-alization. Citi-
zenship, 351 claim, is indivisible. It is a i ght
when once acquired to be protected, and tl at
protection is to be given irrespective ot the
character of the person, irrespective ot uie
place of his birth, irrespective of the nation to
which he belonged, if be has once become n
integral part of the Republic of the t mted
States of America.
Let us pass to the clause which promises
protection. It seema to me illusory and nuga-
tory. The President is empowered "to employ
all the resources of the Government" in just
efforts to secure the recognition by other Gov-
ernments of the principles of public law an-
nounced in the bill. Passing by the uncertain
declaration of these principles, what are all
the resources which the President can use?
What but diplomacy ? Nothing more. What
right has he to make threats in the name of the
American nation when he has no authority of
law behind him to support those threats by
deed ? What authority has he to send a ship
of the Republic that carries cannon into the
ports of neutral nations' to enforce the rights
of citizens of the United States unless he is
backed up by the law of the Republic? If it
means anything if is that, the President may
indulge in vaporing and idle threats, or else
continue to use the same kind of diplomacy
which has prevailed heretofore, producing no
result. Or does it mean that this clause ot the
first section shall incorporate into itself _the
clause of the second section which authorizes
reprisals ? That is a resort to the remediesof
a barbarous people, unworthy of the legislation
of a civilized nation in this era of the nine-
teenth century, it is one that has been abro-
gated by all civilized nations years ago.
Who does not remember the indignation that
fell upon the first emperor of the French for
detaining the subjects of Great Britain within
his territories traveling on business or pleas-
ure upon the rupture of the peace of Amiens,
detaining them without the means of support
in poveity and misery until the peace of 1814?
It was a stain upon his administration. It was
contrary to tiff' spirit of his own laws. Tt never
met the approval ot any of his historians or
biographers. It goes down in history as ablot
upon his name and fame.
Mr. Speaker, if the Committee on Foreign
Affairs will turn to the celebrated treaty nego-
tiated by Jay in I7!ll, they will find that the
twenty-sixth article of that treaty especially
provides against reprisals. It says in plain
terms that in ease of a rupture between the
two nations the citizens or subjects of each
shall have one year in which to depart from
the territory where they might happen to be
and take their effects with them or to remain
in peace so long as they commit no offense
against the laws. That, was the true, just, and
Christian principle introduced into that treaty
and made a part of the law between the two
nations. It should be, and to some extent is,
the recognized doctrine of other nations, and
should be incorporated in the law of nations
if war is to continue to be their last resort.
But look further at our treaties with semi-
civilized nations, and you will find in the pro-
tection secured to American citizens in those
nations the principle 1 have already enun-
ciated. Where a citizen or subject of one nation
finds himself aggrieved by the courts of law or
by the conduct of executive officers in another
nation his first course is to resort to the laws
of the nation in which he may be and to ex-
haust the remedies .of the courts; and if he
does not obtain justice there, which it is to be
presumed he will in every civilized nation,
then he may appeal to his Government for the
aid to which he is entitled, and it is bound to
come to his relief. Such was the course in the
English case to which I have already referred.
And in order that justice may be done to our
citizens in these semi-civilized nations it will
be found that we have incorporated into every
one of these treaties a provision that disputes
between American citizens in those countries
shall bo adjudicsfcd by our consuls] that our
consuls and ministers shall be associated with
the courts in cases wheie the rights of person
or property of our citizens are called in ques-
tion; and that the laws of those nations, bar-
barous to us, though wise to them, shall not
be enforced to the injury, even in the course
of the trial, of the citizens of this country.
Look at both our treaties with the Ottoman
empire, and you will find that those rights are
carefully guarded; also, in the treaties with
China and every other nation of that grade of
civilization with which we have made compacts.
Therefore, it seems to mb that this bill, it it
affords any relief at all, is a relief to be given
in a manner which we should not incorporate
in our laws, thereby setting a pernicious exam-
ple to other nations to incorporate it in theirs.
Nor, Mr. Speaker, do I view with any more
favor the propositions made by the gentlemen
from Ohio and from Massachusetts amenda-
tory of this bill. The one proposes to declare
that the detention and unjnst treatment of our
citizens abroad would at once be casus
and that the President should take measures
to act in behalf of the citizens as if war existed
between the two nations. The other proposes
that the President, as the head of the nation,
shall at once declare non-intercourse with such
nation. Why, Mr. Speaker, both of these
remedies have dropped out of the list of rem-
edies to be resorted to in the first instance by
civilized nations for wrongs done by other
nations. They have not been known in history
for a long time. They never have been known
in this country. The Constitution of the Lm-
ted States does not, under any circumstances,
contemplate giving to the President of the
United States the power to declare war _ or
even to proclaim that an act of a foreign nation
is an act of war. The great issues of war and
peace by that Constitution must be decided in
these Halls and by the Representatives of the
people; and to no executive_ officer, however
exalted, and to no representative of this nation
abroad, however wise and intelligent, is that
power in any degree intrusted. They must
be met, determined, and decided here. In the
substitute which I propose to ofler it is required
that the lixecutive shall at once transmit to
Congress the details of any case which can-
not be mastered by negotiation, with the evi-
dence, so that action maybe taken at once here,
and, a3 the phrase of the proposed bill is,
" with effect."
Nor, Mr. Speaker, do I favor the proposition
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] of non-intercourse. The time has
passed for this great nation to he attitudinizing
in the presence of other nations for wrong
done to one of its citizens. 1 f it be flagrant
wrong, deserving of redress, it is time to act,
not to take merely the position of acting. The
deed should be prompt upon tlie word if nego-
tiation shall fail. Nor do 1 find, Mr. Speaker,
in the qualifications of the bill of the commit-
tee that clearness and explicitness of statement
which seems to me to be required in a law-
declaring the duties and rights of citizens. In
that which I have proposed, after declaring the
rights of citizens and the protection to which
they are entitled, it goes on to state clearly
how that right of citizenship may be lost.
When we require other nations to admit the
right of expatriation it is but just to ourselves
and due to them that we should at the same
time proclaim how we consider expatriation
can be made, and what terms we are willing to
incorporate into our law in order tbat#ve may
meet other nations on the same ground.
These qualifications which are included in
this section are taken word for word from the
Code Napoleon, the law framed after two
thousand years' experience of the nations of
the Latin race, incorporating into the funda-
mental law of France and adopted into that of
almost every nation of Europe, the provisions
under which Rome became great and power-
ful. For the Roman law, as I have stated it,
was not exclusively the law of the empire; it
was the law also of the republic. That great,
wise, and magnanimous republic admitted
citizens born in whatever city or State. It
permitted even some of the wisest and best of
its own citizens, disaffected at home, ruined
by faction, or disgusted by the politics of the
city, to seek some other State in which to grow
great and prosper. It never interfered with
the right of expatriation. These qualifications
had their origin in the Roman law; they are
clearly and definitely expressed in the French
law; and they are proposed here because they
have been adopted into the codes of all Euro-
