3206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
the river and ocean for the transportation of
heavy commodities and the large agricultural
products of the country. What the Mississippi
valley needs, that wonderful region of the
country, unequaled by any upou the globe,
what it needs to stimulate its production is
cheap transportation; and for that there must
be competing lines of water communication.
The Mississippi river must be improved, and
its mouth and channels and outlets opened and
deepened, affording constant and ready com-
munication with the ocean. It is equally
necessary we should provide for communica-
tion northward to the lakes, so that in the sum-
mer months it may be a perfect line of water
navigation. Then the productions of the Mis-
sissippi valley will be transported either way
cheaply and readily.
In the light of this fact, which bears directly
upon this specific improvement that is now
before the House, 1 think an appropriation of
$40,000 as an experiment to test whether the
plan submitted by General Warren, the engi-
neer, is practicable, should be made without
hesitation. It is true that if this river can be
improved its ultimate improvement will require
an expenditure of two million or two million
live hundred thousand dollars; but if the experi-
ment proves that it cannot be so improved as
to render it navigable then the expenditure of
§*10,000 does not necessarily entail an expend-
iture of the larger sum.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Does not
the gentleman know that we appropriated
$40,000 last year ?
Mr. WOODWARD. I rise to express a few
thoughts on the general subject before the
House. I am opposed to all these appropria-
tions. The rivers of the country are provided
by nature undoubtedly lor the transportation
of the products of our country; and no more
legitimate work can be proposed than to im-
prove their na\ igation so as to enable people
to get the products of their labor to market.
I agree to that, and 1 agree with those western
gentlemen who magnify the importance of
i hat garden of the world in which they live ;
for such I believe it will come to be realized
by the world, and that before many years. I
look forward to the time when people abroad
will depend upon the great West for the bread
they eat; and I wish the people of this country
generally would turn their attention to farming
more than they are doing. I wish some poli-
ticians would turn farmers. It is undoubtedly
true that the products of these fertile lands are
to be carried to marketprinci pally by water, for
they will not bear transportation by any more
artificial communications. These things are
all true, and the argument so far as these facts
are concerned is with the gentlemen who sup-
port this appropriation.
But here is what I want to say : the Wiscon-
sin river, if I understand it, rises, ilows, and
empties iu the State of Wisconsin. Is not that
the fact?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That is so.
Mr. WOODWARD. Now, sir, upon what
principle does that State come to the Congress
of the United States and ask us to vote the
money of the people of the United States in
an abortive attempt to make that river navi-
gable by steamboats? If the descending navi-
gation of the Wisconsin be not sufficient for
the people who live along its banks they should
do what we have done in Pennsylvania who
live along the Susquehanna—take our own
funds and improve our own navigation for the
purpose of carrying to market the products of
our own industry. That is what they ought to
do. The Susquehanna rises in New York, runs
into Pennsylvania, runs back into New York,
and then again into and through Pennsylvania,
and empties into Chesapeake bay, in the State
of Maryland. And yet you do not find the
people along that river coming to Congress
and asking an appropriation of money to im-
prove it. On the contrary, we have got a
canal, if not more than one, along the river,
constructed by State taxes, out of State funds,
under State authority. There it is. and the
people have derived those advantages from it
which gentlemen truly depict as likely to result
from the improvement of the Wisconsin river.
I agree that that river should be improved, but
I maintain it should be improved^ by the peo-
ple who are interested in it, as in the older
parts of the United States they have improved
the rivers upon which they depended. In a cer-
tain sense, it is true, everybody is interested.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The gen-
tleman insists that it should be improved by
the State of Wisconsin. Would he also insist
that when it is improved by that State and
made a thoroughfare from the Mississippi to
Lake Michigan the public should have the ben-
efit of it?
Mr. WOODWARD. Most assuredly.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Thopub-
lic outside of Wisconsin?
Mr. WOODWARD. The State of Wiscon-
sin cannot shutthc people of the United States
off from communication through that river.
Mr. VANT1UJMP. If my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania will allow me, I can add an
important fact to the argument lie is now mak-
ing fn regard to the State improvement of the
Susquehanna river. Some forty years ago the
State of Ohio, then in her infancy, projected
and completed, without any appeal to the Fed-
eral Treasury for aid, a magnificent canal, run-
ning from Lake Brie to the Ohio river, a dis-
tance of more than three hundred miles, at a
cost of several million dollars. And yet it to-
day accommodates the commerce not only of
Ohio, but of New York, Pennsylvania, and the
New England States on the northeast, as well
as of Kentucky, Tennessee, and other south-
ern States on the southwest. Let other States,
in regard to improvements confined within
their own borders, go and do likewise, and
then they will have some semblance of claim
to ask Uhio, through her Representatives in
Congress, to appropriate the money of the
people at large to new local improvements.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The State
of Ohio taxes the public well, too, for the
acco mmodation.
Mr. ELDltlDGE. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] allow me to
ask him a question? It is rare that we get an
opportunity thus to do it. While I am with
him in the proposition 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE obtaiued the floor.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I hope, by unanimous
consent, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
will be allowed five minutes to complete his
remarks.
Mr. WOODWARD. I have never yet had
time to get an entire idea before the House
under the five-minutes rule. [Laughter.]
Mr. PAINE. So far as I am concerned, I
am perfectly willing that the gentleman shall
proceed.
No objection was made.
Mr. ELDllIDGE. Then I will finish the
question I was propounding to the gentleman.
The gentleman says that this Wisconsin river
ought to be improved. He admits all that
gentlemen claim for it, except the source from
which they should derive the means to improve
the river, and he tells us about the Susque-
hanna as being of great importance to the
States of New York and Pennsylvania. Now,
1 ask the gentleman if there is not in this very
hill an appropriation for the improvement of
the Susquehanna, and is the gentleman going
to oppose it?
Mr. WOODWARD. I am. Idid not know
there was such an appropriation in the bill.
But I tell the gentleman that I am going to
vote against that very appropriation, and I will
vote against it as heartily as I will vote against
the appropriation for the Wisconsin river. I
am in earnest about this matter. The gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburxe,] who first
rose to oppose this bill, touched the real core
of this question. This country is in no condi-
tion to waste money on these abortive attempts
to improve rivers that their Maker made innav-
igable, and which man never can make more
than navigable for descending navigation- 1 hat
is all you can do unless you make a canal, and
if you want a canal let the State of
make it. But the gentleman
touched the real sensitive nerve of this whoe
subject when he told us that m the
financial condition of the country-andIRelieve
he said to which the Republican p< y. -•
brought the country—we were m no condition
to appropriate riioney for this purpose.
Now, 1 wish to respond with all ray heau to
that sentiment. Look at what has been pass-
ing here before us for the last few daVs- A
bill was brought in by the Committee of W ays
and Means to raise revenue to csrry on tins
Government; a bill which shows that t.ie
whole ingenuity of that committee was ex-
hausted to find objects of taxation; a bill
which will bring the Government down upon
the industries of the people as it never was
brought down upon them before, and win grind
the poor of this country into deeper dust than
they have ever been ground down to before,
and that for the main purpose of Payln= tlle
interest on our bonds to the bondholders.
While the genius, the wit, of this House is
being employed necessarily to devise measures
to screw money out of the people of this
country to pay to the bondholders, many of
whom are foreigners, I protest against a waste
of these funds in an abortive attempt to im-
prove western rivers that the western States
ought to improve without coming to the Gen-
eral Government.
Mr. DELANO. The gentleman either mis-
represents or misunderstood me. If I under-
stood him correctly he said Just now, alluding
to my remarks, that I said the Republican
party had brought the country into its present
financial condition. I said no such thing.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman speaks
of misrepresentation. I have another matter,
as you well know, Mr. Speaker, which I would
like to have an opportunity to explain, and if
I had misrepresented the gentleman he would
not have been the first member on this floor
who has borne gross misrepresentation ; but I
did not allude to the gentleman. I intend no
misrepresentation of any gentleman, and least
of all of the gentleman from Ohio. I maintain
that it is due to the people of this country that
we should gather up all our energies and con-
centrate all our forces upon providing means
for reducing and removing this national debt.
Let me tell gentlemen that that debt has grown
$10,000,000 in the last month.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PILE. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I renew it. Mr. Speaker, it
is a mistake on the part of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, who has just taken his seat,
[Mr. Woodward,] as it was a mistake of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
who sits near me, to say that this is merely a
Wisconsin measure, that it a local object which
is to be promoted by this appropriation.
Sir, it is indeed true that this river lies wholly
within the territorial limits of the State of
Wisconsin. But the object of the improve-
ment is to connect the head-waters of the Mis-
sissippi river with the chain of great lakes on
our northern frontier, and although the State
of Wisconsin, as I freely admit, has probably
more direct interest in this improvement than
any other single. State, it is not true that the
benefits of this appropriation will be confined
to the State of Wisconsin alone. The State of
Iowa has little less interest in this improvement
than has the State of Wisconsin. I am not sure,
sir, that the State of Iowa has not an equal or'
even a greater interest in it than Wisconsin. The
State of Illinois is certainly very greatly inter-
ested in this appropriation. The agricultural
exports and bulky imports of the western por-
tion of that State will undoubtedly seek this
channel, if successfully opened, as their outlet
to and inlet from sea-board and foreign mar-
kets. I he same will be true to some extent
ot the exports and imports of the State of Min-
Sfeb^'lr11^ a'S° ®ta'es Missouri and
