1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
320?
More than that, sir, every manufacturing and
commercial State between the Alleghanies and
the Penobscot having an interest in the reduc-
tion of the cost of bread or the expansion of
northwestern trade will see her own prosperity
promptly and sensibly stimulated by this or any
successful development of a water transit for
agricultural products from the Northwest to
the sea. It is not, then, a petty, local project.
It will be no more a local improvement than
is that of the Falls of St. Anthony, which is
idtogether within the State of Michigan, or
the improvement of the St. flair river, which
touches only a single State. Why, sir, like the
Niagara ship-canal, like the canal around the
falls of the Ohio, this channel of trade, while
situated in a single State, will bear back and
forth the commerce of many States, will form
a link in a great chain reachingfrom New York
through the valley of the great lakes and the
valley of the Mississippi to New Orleans. The
great and rapidly growing agriculture of the
Northwest must have a water outlet for its pro-
ducts to the sea. As the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] admitted, they will
not bear the necessary cost of transportation
by railway ; they must be transported by water.
This is not less vital to the consumer than to
the producer of bread.
Look, for an illustration, at the State of the
gentleman who opposes this appropriation so
strenuously, the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburne. J In the year 1865 his State pro-
duced over one hundred and seventy-seven mil-
lion bushels of corn alone. The precisc amount
was one hundred and seventy-seven million
ninety-five thousand eight hundred and fifty-
two bushels. That corn was worth in his State,
on an average, only twenty-nine and a quarter
cents per bushel, while in the six New Eng-
land States, at the same time, it was worth on
tin average SI 19 cents per bushel, and in New
York it was worth ninety cents per bushel.
The difference between the aggregate value of
this corn crop of 18G5 on the soil of Illinois
and its value m the market of New York was
^110,883,202 32.
Jt would have cost the constituents of the
gentleman from Illinois, and the other gentle-
men representing that State on this floor,
more to transport that corn crop alone to the
New York market than the entire agricultural
products of that State for 18(55 were worth on
the soil of the State. It would have cost more
than the home value of the entire crop of
Illinois, including wheat, corn, oats, potatoes,
hay, and everything else raised thai year by
the people of that State. The entire crop of
corn, wheat, rye, oats, barley, buckwheat, po-
tatoes, tobacco, and hay, was worth at home
only $110,274,321, and the difference between
the home market and New York market of the
corn alone was, as 1 said, $110,83,262 32.
And why? Because the cost of railway
transportation renders it utterly impossible
for his constituents and for the people of Illi-
nois generally to transport their heavy products
to the markets of the East by rail. The North-
west must have improved means of water
transportation to the sea. And nature has
indicated to us the great routes which we must
take. A thousand miles from the Atlantic and
the Mexican Gulf, the wonderful valleys of the
lakes and Mississippi intersect. About their
intersection l'C the grain-growing States which
are able to feed not only the people of this
Republic, but the people of other nations also.
In the first place, we must have through the
northern valley water routes around Niagara
falls and from Lake Erie or the St. Lawrence
or both to New York. And we must have
the waters of the northern Mississippi con-
nected with the waters of the great lakes by
means of this improvement, or by means of
the Rock river improvement, or by means of
the Illinois river improvement, or in some
other way which careful surveys and experi-
ments shall show to be cheapest and best.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I agree
thoroughly with every word that has been said
upon the question of the ultimate necessity of
water transportation for the agricultural prod-
ucts of this country. I agree, also, that under
other circumstances it would be the duty of the
General Government to aid in the improvement
of that water transportation. I take no excep-
tion to anything that has been said by the gen-
tleman from. Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] or the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Pike] upon that
subject. But I except to a statement that has
be<*n made by the gentleman from. Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Woodvvard.] If I heard him aright,
he said that this is the condition of things to
which the country lias been brought by the
Republican party. I pray to differ with the
geutleman in that judgment. It is a condition
of things to which the Democratic party has
brought this country.
And that is the foundation of my argument
now. Because of what has gone before, be-
cause of the war just closed, we are now as a
people so burdened with taxes, so troubled
with exactions, that I think it is our duty to wait
before we add to those taxes for the purpose
of making improvements, however good in
theory and however necessary in fact.
Wisconsin, Illinois, Iowa, have all grown to
their present gigantic proportions without these
improvements. They cau wait one year longer
without them, for their present growth is
enormous. I agree to all that. I ask, then,
which is best; whether we should go forward
and attempt these improvements now or wait
until we have got into a condition where we
can be just before we are generous ?
Sir, if we upon this side of the House are to
stand upon anything as to the policy upon which
we propose to go into the next campaign it is
upon economy of administration. Wc have
only this floor to show that desire. The Exec-
utive Departments of the Government, which
substantially control the administration of the
finances, are not within our reach or within
our control; and the people must look here
upon this lloor as the only place where we, as
a party, can exhibit the principles upon which
we stand. If, then, we vote away at this time
six or eight million dollars let me say to you
that the people will say, l: With our taxes we
cannot afford to make the experiment;" and
for this reason: without arguing the question
as to whether these expenses are necessary or
are promising great results or not, I say we are
in no condition to meet these expenditures.
You might as well ask one of the mill-owners
of my State, who is so far in debt that his mill
is mortgaged and he cannot get production to
meet his expenditures, to go into great expend-
iture to improve his property and render it
more productive at this moment. Wait until
we are able, until we are able as a people,
then I will vote for this and other expenditures
of a like character.
I ask my friends from the Northwest which
would they rather do—have these rivers im-
proved this year, and upon the charge of
extravagance which will be made against us in
the country, have power pass out of our hands
and so prevent future improvements 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELIOT. I move that all further debate
be closed on the pending paragraph in five
minutes.
The motion was agreed to. ,
Mr. ELIOT. I now yield to my colleague.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish
to engage in the discussion of the general sub-
ject; but I will say, in my opinion, this coun-
try is to be changed and improved before it
will be able to pay the interest on its public
debt. There must be something done, sir, for
the industry of the country.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to know, Mr.
Speaker, what question the gentleman from
Massachusetts is authorized to discuss. Is
there any amendment now pending?
The SPEAKER. There is no amendment
pending.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BANKS. I renew it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. How can the gentleman
speak when the House has closed debate ?
The SPEAKER. It was ordered to be closed
in five minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desired an opportunity
to speak myself.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts was to close debate
in five minutes and it was adopted.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I do not regard
the proposition to improve the Wisconsin
river as an experiment. I do not think it will
prove an abortive affair, as suggested by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward.]
I believe the plan of the Government engineer,
General Warren, will be entirely successful and
entirely satisfactory. I have seen this tried
myself, and I cannot by any possibility doubt
the result. I have seen, Mr. Speaker, large
steamers embedded from five to six feet in the
sand with the river bed apparently dry leaving
a single little stream of water and then by the
aid of wing-dams I ha§?e seen those steamers
lifted up by the power of water alone and
floated into the river. I have seen that done ;
and I am just as confident that this proposed
plan of the engineer will make this river navi-
gable as that I can go from my place outside of
this Hall, and at a cost of less than §40,000.
The effect will be marvelous. The principle
is perfectly simple. It is this: where the water
is spread over a large surface it leaves no
depth and allows no navigation; but if you
collect that water by means of these wing-dams
into a single channel just wide enough to admit
a steamer, you may increase the depth of the
water from five or six inches, or even where
there is apparently none at all, to the depth
required for steamboat navigation. I would
not have believed it had I not seen it tried ; but
having seen it, I know that the result of this
experiment will be an entire success. There-
fore I shall vote for the proposition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire,
in the remaining time of the gentleman, to call
the attention of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Eliot] to the report of General
Warren in regard to the expense. The gentle-
man says it can be done for $-10,000. What
does General Warren tell us in this official
document will be the expense of the improve-
ment which my friend undertakes to inaugu-
rate to-day? It is twenty to thirty thousand
dollars a mile! That amount of money is to
be taken out of the Treasury in order to at-
tempt the experiment of making this river
navigable.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to say that I do not
represent the views of Massachusetts upon
this question, but rather the views of the West
in spite of the opposition of the chairman of
the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
yield to my friend to interrupt me in this way.
Mr. ELIOT. I think I am entitled to the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts is entitled to the remainder of
the time, if he claims it.
Mr.WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Whose
time is it now ?
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Illinois
has no right to speak in my time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
I have spoken in the gentleman's time. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw the amendment.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois, to strike out the para-
graph. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to make a suggestion to facilitate our action on
this bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to make a suggestion to close debate. It is m
relation to voting. Will the gentleman hear it/
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir. . .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise
