THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
a compromise was made by which a further amend-
ment is added to this portion of the bill, so that the
term of oflicc of the heads of Departments shall ex-
pire with the terra of the President who appointed
them, allowing those heads of Departments one
month longer, in which, in case of death orothcrwise,
other heads of Departments can be named. This is
the whole etieet of the proposition reported by the
committee of conference; it is, in fa.cf, anaeceptunce
by the Senate of thoposition takenby the House."—
Conoi'Ganoaal Globe, Thirty-Ninth Congress, second
session, p. 1340.
Then a question was asked, whether it would
be necessary that the Senate should concur in
all other appointments, &c.j in reply to which
Mr. Schexck said;
" That is the case. But their terms of office"-—
That is, the Secretaries' terras of office—
"are limited, as they are not now limited by law,
so that they expire with the term of service of the
President who appoints them, and one month after,
in case of death or other accident, until others can be
substituted for them by the incoming President."—
Ibid..
Allow me to repeat that sentence:
" They expire with the term of service of the Pres-
ident who appoints them, und one month after, in
case of death or other accident."
In this body, on the report being made, the
chairman, Hon. Mr. Williams, made an ex-
planation. That explanation was in substance
the.same as that made by Mr. Sciiexck in the
House, and thereupon a considerable debate
sprang up, which was not the case in the
House, for this explanation of Mr. SSciienck
was accepted by the House as correct, and un-
questionably was acted upon by the House as
giving the true sense, meaning, and effect of
this bill. In this body, as I have said, a con-
siderable debate sprang up. It would take too
much of your time and too much of py strength
to undertake to read this debate, and there is
not a great deal of it which I can select bo as
to present it fairly and intelligibly without
reading the accompanying parts; but I think
the whole of it may fairly be summed up in
this statement: that it was charged by Olie of
the honorable Senators from Wiscpnsin that
it was the intention of those who favored this
bill to keep in office Mr. Stanton and certain
other Secretaries. That was directly met by
the honorable Senator from Ohio, one of the
members of the committee of conference, by
this statement:
" I do not understand the logic of the Senator from
Wisconsin, lie first attributes a purpose to the com-
mittee of conference which I ?-ay is not true. 1 say
that the Senato have not legislated with a view to
any persons or any President, and therefore lie com-
mences by asserting what is not true. We do not
legihlate m order to keep in tho Secretary of War,
the Set-rotary of the Navy, or the Secretary of
State."—Hid., p. 15it3.
Then a conversation arose between the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio and another honor-
able Senator, and the honorable Senator from
Ohio continued thus;
"That the Senate had no such purpose is shown by
its vote twice to make this exception. That this pro-
vision does not apply to the presentcase is shown by
the tact that its language is so framed as not to apply
to tho present President. The Senator shows that
himself, and argues truly that it would not prevent
the present President from removing the Secretary of
War, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of
State. And if I supposed that either of these gen-
tlemen was so wanting in .manhood, in honor, as to
hold his place alter the politest intimation by the
President of the United States that his services were
no longer needed, I certainly, as a Senator, would
consent to his removal at any time, and so would we
all.'5—Ibtd., p. 1516.
I read this, Senators, not as expressing the
opinion of an individual Senator concerning
the meaning of a law which was under dis-
cussion and was about to pass into legislation.
I read it as the report; for it is that iu effect—
tho explanation, rather, of the report of the
committee of conference appointed by this
body to see whether this body could agree with
the House of Representatives in the frame of
this bill, which committee came back here
with a report that a certain alteration had been
made and agreed upon by the committee of
conference, and that its effect was what is
above stated. And now I ask tho Senate,
looking at the language of this law, looking at
its puipose, lookingatthe circumstances under
which it was passed, the meaning thus attached
to it by each of the bodies which consented to
it, whether it is possible to liold that Mr. Stan-
ton'scase is within the scope of thattenure-of-
offiee act? I submit it is not possible.
I now return to the allegations in this first
article ; and the first allegation, as Senators
will remember, is that tho issuing of the order
which is set out in the article was a violation
of thetemire-of-office act. It isperfectly clear
that that is not true. The tenure-of-office act
in its sixth section enacts "that every removal,
appointment, or employment, made, had, or
exercised, contrary to the provisions of this
act," &c., shall be deemed a high misdemeanor.
"Kvcry removal contrary to the provisions of
this act.'' In the first place no removal has
taken place. They set out au order. If Mr.
Slauton had obeyed that order there would
have been a removal; but, inasmuch as Mr.
Stanton disobeyed that order, there was no
removal. So it i3 quite clear that, looking to
this sixth section of the act, they have made
out no case of a removal within its terms ; and,
therefore, no case of violation of the act by a
removal. But it must not only be a removal,
it must be " contrary to the provisions of this
act;'' and, therefore, if yoa could hold the
order to be in effect a removal, unless Mr.
Stanton's case was within this act, unless this
act gave Mr. Stanton a tenure of office and pro-
tected it, of course the removal, even if it had
been actual instead of attempted merely, would
not have been "contrary to the provisions of
the act," for the act had nothing to do with it.
But this article, as Senators will perceive 011
looking at it, does not. allege simply that the
order for the removal of Mr. Stanton was a
violation of the tenure-of-office act. The hon-
orable House of Representatives have not, by
this article, attempted to erect a mistake into
a crime. I have been arguing to you at con-
siderable length, no doubt trying your patience
thereby, the construction of that tenure-of-
office law. I have a clear idea of what its
construction ought to be.* Senators, more or
less of them who have listened to me, may have a
different view of its construction, but I think
they will in all candor admit that there is a
question of construction; there is a question
what the meaning of this law was; a question
whether it was applicable to Mr. Stanton's
case; a very honest and solid question which
any man could entertain, and therefore I re-
peat it is important to observe that the honor-
able House of Uepresentatives have not, by
this article, endeavored to charge the Presi-
dent with a high misdemeanor because he had
been honestly mistaken in construing that law.
They go further and take the necessary step.
They charge him with intentionally miscon-
struing it; they say. "Which order was un-
lawfully issued with intention then and there
to violate said act." So that, in order to
maintain the substance of this article, without
which it was not designed by the House of
Representatives to stand and cannot stand, it
is necessary for them ,to show that the Presi-
dent willfully misconstrued this law ; that hav-
ing reason to believe and actually believing,
after the use of due inquiry, that Mr. Stanton's
case was within the law, he acted as if it was
not within the law. That is the substance of
the charge.
What is the proof in support of that allega-
tion offered by the honorable Managers ? Sen-
ators must undoubtedly be familiar with the
fact that the oflice of President of the United
States, as well as many other executive offices,
and to some extent legislative offices, call upon
those who hold them for the exercise of judg-
ment and skill in the construction and appli-
cation of laws. It is true that the strictly judi-
cial power of the country, technically speaking,
is vested in the Supreme Court and such infe-
rior courts as Congress from time to time have
established or may establish. But there is a
great mass of work to be performed by execu-
tive officers in the. discharge of their duties,
which is of a judicial character. Take, for
instance, all that is done in the auditing of
accounts; that is judicial whether it be done
by an auditor or a comptroller, or whether it
be done by a chancellor ; and the work lias the
same character whether done by one or by the
other. They must construe and apply the
laws; they must investigate and ascertain facts;
they must come to some results compounded
of the law and of the facts.
Now, this class of duties the President of
the United States lias to perform. A case is
brought before him, which, in his judgment,
calls for action ; his first inquiry must be, what
is the law on the subject'/ He encounters,
among other things, this tenure-of-office law
in the course of his inquiry. His first duty is
to construe that law ; to see whether it applies
to the case; to use, of course, in doing so, all
those means and appliances which the Consti-
tution and the laws of the country have put into
his hands to enable him to come to a correct
decision. But after all, he mustdecide in order
either to act or to refrain from action.
That process the President in this case was
obliged to go through, and did go through ; and
lie came to tho conclusion that the case of Mr.
Stanton was not within this law. He came to
that conclusion, not merely by an examination
of this law himself, but by resorting to the ad-
vice which the Constitution and laws of the coun-
try enable him to call for to assist him in com-
ing to a correct conclusion. Having done so,
are the Senate prepared to say that the conclu-
sion he reached must have been a willful mis-
construction—so willful, so wrong, that it can
justly and properly, and for the purpose of
this prosecution, effectively be termed a high
misdemeanor? How does the law read ? What
are its purposes and objects? How was it un-
derstood here at tho time when it was passed ?
How is it possible for this body to convict the
President of the United States of a high mis-
demeanor for construing a law as those who
made it construed it at the time when it was
made?
I submit to the Senate that thus far no great
advance has been made toward the conclusion
either that the allegation in this article that
this order was a violation of the tenure-of-
office act is true, or that there was an intent 011
the part of the President thus to violate it.
And although we have not yet gone over all
the allegations in this article, we have met its
"head and front," and what remains will be
found to be nothing but incidental and circum-
stantial, and not the principal subject. If Mr.
Stanton was not within this act, if he held the
oflice of Secretary for the Department of War at
the pleasure of President Johnson us he held
it at the pleasure of President Lincoln, if he
was bound by law to obey that order which was
given to him, and quit tho place instead of
being sustained by law in resisting that order, I
think the honorable Managers will find it ex-
tremely difficult to construct out of the broken
fragments of this article anything which will
amount to a high misdemeanor. What are
they? They are, in the first place, that the
President did violate, and intended to violate,
the Constitution of the U nited States by giv-
ing this order. Why? They say, as I under-
stand it, because the order of removal was
made during the session of the Senate ; that
for that reason the order was a violation of the
Constitution of the United States.
I desire to be understood on this subject. If
I can make my own ideas of it plain, I think
nothing is left of this allegation. In the first
place, the ease, as Senators will observe, which
is now under consideration, is the case of a
j Secretary of War holding during the pleasure
| of the President by tho terms of his commis-
sion ; holding under the act of 1789, which
created that Department, which, although it
does not affect to confer on the President the
power to remove the Secretary, does clearly
|j imply that he has that power by making apro-
vision for what shall happen in case he exer-
I: cises it. That is the case which is under cou-
!' sideration, and the question is this: whether
I under the law of 178'J and the tenure of office
II created by that law, designedly created by
l; that law, after the great debate of 1789, and
