4232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
tion of our Government abroad or elsewhere
as a native-born citizen of the United States.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire^ I
do not see that the gentleman's explanation
makes any difference. Plato said in his day
that—
44 At Athens it was permitted to each person, upon
examining: the laws and customs of the republic, if
there was nothing found to his charge, to retire, with
all of his goods, wherever elso it pleased him."
Again:
"The Romans obliged no person to reside in their
State, and Cicero warmly praised this maxim; he
said, 'that every man ought to bo able to retain or
renounce his right,and that this is thofirmest found-
ation of liberty.'"
Grotins adopts the same theory, but proceeds
to qualify it in this way:
"That one ought not to leave the State if the in-
terests of civil society demand that he should remain
there."
So that the doctrine is not a new doctrine ;
is not an Ameucan doctrine at all; but it
comes in conflict with the doctrine as laid
down by England and several of the European
Governments. Here is an epitome of the doc-
trine of England on this subject of expatria-
tion :
" The allegiance of a subject, according to the law
of England, is permanent and universal; hecan, by
no act of his own, abjure or repudiate the duties
which it involves; nor can he, by emigration, or any
voluntary change of rosidcncc, cscape its legal con-
sequences."
And then it goes on to say that the doctrine
is " founded in reason and the nature of gov-
ernment." Now, you see there is a direct
conflict between the American idea, if the Sen-
ator prefers so to designate it, and the Euro-
pean idea on this subject of expatriation. We
may pass a law through our House of Repre-
sentatives and Senate, and its force cannot
extend beyond our territory. No law of ours
has any extra territorial power. Questions of
diffe rence upon international law must be set-
tled by treaty and not by law. If we hold one
doctrine and England holds the very opposite,
and we put in the hands of the President of
the United States the power to make reprisals,
it is simply declaring war by an act of legisla-
tion. The committee thought it very unwise
to put such powers into the hands of a single
man, even the President of the United States ;
that it would be better to hold that matter sub-
ject to the authority and supervision of Con-
gress. It was for this reason that the section
which the gentleman lias sought to amend was
stricken out by the committee before it was
thrust into the Senate.
But the gentleman from California said in
reply to the chairman of the committee that
the quotations he had made from writers upon
international law did not apply to times of
peace ; that they referred peculiarly and solely
to a period of war. He ought to know better
than that. He ought to know that the ques-
tion of reprisals, the lex talionis, refers not
specially to a time of war, but a period ante-
cedent to the declaration of war.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Always.
Mr. PA 1TEIISON, of New Hampshire.
"Always," the gentleman from Vermont, says.
sVar frequently follows when the nation upon
whom we have retaliated refuses to make rep-
aration for the wrong which they have done.
So that the references made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts were directly applicable to
the case in hand, and not to a time of war.
Mr. CONN-ESS. If the Senator will per-
mit me, surely the references made to the acts
of the first Napoleon were during and pending
wars.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
The acts of the first Napoleon were not the sole
acts referred to by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. CONNESS. They were.acta quoted in
exposition of his doctrine.
Air. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. If
the gentleman will refer to Vattel or to
Wheaton, he will lind in almost every passage
in either of those authors upon this subject
reference is had, not to a time of war, but to
a time of peace.
Now, let us look for a moment at the bearing
of the amendment which the gentleman offers
on this subject, lie desires that we shall give
up this reprisal upon the commerce of the
offending nation, but that wo shall retain the
right of reprisal upon the innocent subjects of
the offending nation. Let me read a passage
from the notes of Mr. Dana in his last edition
of Wheaton. He says:
" Tho right of making roprisals is not limited to
property, but extends to persons. Stilt, tlio piactico
of modern times discountenances the arrest and de-
tention of innocent persons, strictly in the way of
reprisals," * ::
" It is agreed that retnisals for private wrongs
should never bo resorted to by a Government until
ail reasonable appeals to tlio Government of the
wrong-doer have been exhausted."
Now, the question is whether we shall put it
into the power of the President of the United
States, whenever the English Government, for
instance, lias seized an American citizen and
cast him into prison, to retaliate upon the sub-
jects of that Government. Why, sir, take it
during the last war. Some of the rebels of
the South escaped into Canada, and there they
combined against the Government of this coun-
try, laid their schemes to make inioads upon
our institutions and property on this side of
the line. Suppose that this Government had
taken offense with the English Government or
the provincial government for the part which
it took in the trial of those offenders, and had
seized subjects of Great Britain in New York
or Massachusetts and thrust them into prison,
put them there, as the gentleman says, to rot;
the very thing which he objects to in the Eng-
lish Government we should become guilty of
ourselves. It would be far more honorable if
the English Government seizes an American
citizen unjustly and casts him into prison to
use the whole power and all the resources of
the nation to seek redress from the Govern-
ment which has offended rather than to take
innocent parties and make them accountable
for the offense of their Government.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will bear
with me for a moment, as I do not propose to
speak again, I desire to say that I do not think
he has stated my position fairly.
Mr. PATTEKSON, of New Hampshire. I
have no wish to misrepresent the gentleman.
Mr. CONNESS. J suppose the Senator
does not intend to misstate it. He lias just
quoted from a book which declares precisely
the position stated in this bill as it will stand
if amended as I propose, namely, that repris-
als are not to be resorted to by any nation
against another or the people of another until
all reasonable modes of adjustment have been
exhausted, and then it is accepted as one of
the means. Now, what does this bill say as
proposed to be amended:
That whenever it shall be duly mode known to
the President that any citizen of tho United States
has been arrested, and is detained by any foreign
Government in contravention of tho intent and pur-
poses of this act, upon the allegation that naturali-
zation in the United States does not operate to dis-
solve his allegiance to his native sovereign, and
whose releaso upon demand shall havo been unrea-
sonably delayed or refused.
The very acts that the authority states must
be exhausted before reprisals are resorted to,
^ Mr, PATTEKSON, of New Hampshire.
The gentleman knows very well that one of
the principal objects of liis bill is to meet a
case which is now before the public mind—
the action of England in respect to our natu
ralized citizens from Ireland. I am fully in sym-
pathy with the Irish people in their desire to
secure justice from the English Government,
I think they have been oppressed and wronged
,for generations; and I desire, as I think every
right-minded American must desire, that, that,
wrong should cease ; that the English Govern-
ment shall be brought to justice. But it is not
strange when the Irish population who have
been naturalized in this country are combining
to secure this end, and the English Govern"
ment is on the alert to counteract the influence
of those combinations, that now and then an
innocent person should be arrested and cast
into prison. We might have done that our-
selves during the late war ; and it is not right,
it is not proper in any view, that in a bill of
this kind, passing through the Congress of the
United States, we should do anything which
will commit our Government to the effort of
the Irish people to secure their rights. I desire
that justice shall be done to the Irish people,
for I want to see that generous people lifted
up to the place which is theirs by a natural
l-ight. The nation that has furnished the poeta
and orators and statesmen to England for half
a dozen generations should have justice done
to it; but do not let us here, in passing a bill
of this nature through the Senate, do a wrong
to our own Government through our sympa-
thies fortius oppressed people., The com-
mittee desire that justice shall be done, but
tliey do not want that we should do a wrong
to innocent parties, which might be done un-
der this reprisal clause of the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not fully satisfied
with the amendment to the pending bill pro-
posed by the Senator from California, although
1 regard it as an improvement upon the bill as
it passed the House. Nor am I satisfied with
this bill as the Committee on Foreigu Rela-
tions proposes to amend it; and I have, with
due deference to all, prepared an amendment
which I shall offer in due time, and, with the
consent of Senators, I will have it read now
for the information of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to strike out all of the third
section after the enacting clause and insert:
That wlienover it shall be mado known to the Pres-
ident that any citizen of the United States has been
deprived of his liberty by or under the authority of
any foreign fcfovernmont, it shall be the duty of tha
President forthwith to demand of that Government
tho reasons for such imprisonment, and if it appears
to bo wrongful and in violation of American citizen-
ship, tho Pi esident shall forthwith demand the re-
lease of such citizen, and if the release so demanded
is unreasonably delayed or refused it shall be tho
duty of tho President to use such means as he may
think necessary and proper to obtain or effectuate
such release; and all the facts and proceedings rela-
tive thereto shall, as soon as practicable, be commu-
nicated by the President to Congress.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, so far as
the preamble to this bill is concerned, it states
some propositions which are correct, and
some which, in point of fact, are not correct,
and probably never will be correct in the his-
tory of the United States; and this bill, in
my judgment, would be improved, would be
made more consistent with the history of the
country, and with the principles that we in-
tend to establish, if the preamble was stricken
out. I regard preambles as objectionable, be-
cause they sometimes by their recitals commit
Congress to positions which it may not wish to
occupy when future questions of legislation
may arise.
Passing, however, from the preamble to
section one of the bill; that simply provides
that the courts and officers of the United
States shall declare the law to be as defined
m this bill. That is all the duty that is im-
posed upon the Government or any officer of
the Government by the first section of the bill.
_ Section two proceeds to declare what the law
is, so far as naturalized citizens are concerned.
It is simply declaratory of the law.
A bill thatundertakes simply to declare what
the law is upon a given subject and does not
provide any means for its enforcement, that
does not provide any remedy in case the law
1.1 violated, is certainly a law of very little
practical value. Section three, if I under-
stand it as it was passed by the House, al-
though it suggests some objectionable prop-
ositions, yet does not provide any means lor
the enforcement of the principle which is de-
clared in the second section of the bill. It
simply provides that whenever it is madeknown
to the President that a naturalized citizen of
the united States "'is detained by any foreign
Government in contravention of the intent and
purposes of this act, u|>on the allegation that
