2184
■ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
that; but those men carry on a legitimate busi-
ness within the pale of the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole amount ex-
ported is only about two million gallons, and
nearly all of that is made in Kentucky and Ohio.
The whisky made in New York is sold there.
Mr. NYE. The Senator from Ohio may be
more familiar with whisky than I am. [Laugh-
ter'.'] I Will not contest the palm with him on
that point; but I do know of establishments in
New York that manufacture more than any other
distilleries there, which manufacture solely and
alone for foreign markets; and whether it pays
a duty or not, their business is legitimate at
least; but this law would close them up. But
the idea that there should be a policy on the
part of this Government to stop a business
already legalized by it, until it can dispose of
the stock it has on hand, is, I repeat, unworthy
of the consideration of the Senate, and should
not, for one moment, enter into its contem-
plation. What, sir, are we to bo told that
because this Government holds a large slock of
whisky which has been forfeited by the distillers
to it, it is by solemn enactment to declare that
no more whisky shall be manufactured until the
commodity it has on band to this large amount
issold? No, sir; itwouldbe a species of legis-
lation that would not be recognized by civil-
ized communities. The imperial Government
of France would not dare attempt it, nor the
monarchical Government of England, to stop
the legitimate business of individuals to make
a market for property that had been forfeited
to the Government.
My impression is, Mr. President, that the
"best way is to recommit this bill to another
committee of conference, for I know that the
honorable Senator from Ohio did not intend
to tax the bread that the poor eat, and I know
he did not intend to gather within the scope
of taxation the large list of articles that have
been exempt throughout the entire war. I
know that while starvation is almost every-
where seen in our land he is the last that would
understanding^ introduce a bill to tax the
very bread that the poor eat. I hope that the
Government, while it is professing to be lib-
eral in lifting the burden of taxation from the
industries of the people, will not put it upon
every mouthful of bread tlmt the toiling mil-
lions have to earn by the sweat of their brow
to eat. I think that every principle of pru-
dence requires that a new committee should
be appointed, or that the same committee, if
you please, should review their proceedings
and present to us, at least, a bill that will be
acceptable and efficient and sure to reach the
end desired.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, ! have
observed that on some occasions the Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] when he fails
to meet an argument otherwise, will say that
it is an argument in sympathy with the rebel-
lion. A similar suggestion has been made by
the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] this
morning. He says that if there be any oppo-
sition to what seems to us most absurd legisla-
tion that opposition is in sympathy with whisky
dealers, and that no man is justified in holding
any opinion in regard to a manufacturer of
liquor except that he is a scoundrel and or-
ganized intellectually and morally only with a
view to evade the laws of the land. If a man
entertains any other opinion than that of a
whisky dealer he sympathizes with that dealer
in his frauds, I suppose!
Mr. WILLIAMS. The honorable Senator
is at liberty to draw his own inferences from
what I said, of course ; but 1 made no such
statements in reference to persons who sympa-
thize witlx distillers orin reference to distillers.
1 said that Senators on this floor had denounced
them as such in discussions that had heretofore
taken place ; but I did not say that any Sen-
ator who opposed this bill sympathized with
those who defrauded the law, or anything of
that kind. I think the Senator misconstrues
what I said.
Mr. HEND1LIUKS. Mr. President, I put
tny construction on the Senator's language,
and will leave it just there, alongside of the
language he used on that subject. My opinion
is that it only requires the adoption of this
proposition to make our laws on the subject of
collecting revenue from whisky absolutely
absurd and ridiculous. I have thought that
much of the legislation was most objection-
able, but 1 have not seen any proposition that
lacked every merit, as I supposed, until this
came.
Senators suppose that there ought to be as
much revenue collected from whisky as if the
production corresponded with that of the year
1800. I say that is absurd. Do Senators not
know that the policy which has been adopted
by the Government in the collection of a reve-
nue from whisky lias destroyed to a very large
extent that interest? Do Senators not know
that the production is very much reduced and
that it is now impossible, because of the legis-
lation itself, in connection with die conduct of
some dishonest persons underthat legislation,
for an honest man to produce whisky V
I will tell you, Mr. President, what is neces-
sary in order to have a proper system. It is
necessary that we should protect honest men
in the production of this article. In my opinion
that can only be done by imposing a rate of
taxation that every man will feel is right. I
think everybody engaged in the business of the
country knows that a tax of two dollars on the
gallon of whisky is an unreasonable and an
unjust tax. I feel it. That an article that costs
but forty cents to produce should bear a tax of
two dollars is unreasonable, and I believe that
the failure to collect the tax is because it is an
unreasonable tax. I have no doubt that at fifty
cents a gallon we should have collected much
more revenue, and there would have been much
more whisky produced in the country.
I am not going to discuss to-day whether it
is well that whisky should be produced. With
that question Congress has nothing to do.
With any question of morality in connection
with the production of whisky, in my judg-
ment, Congress has nothing to do. Congress
has only to legislate with a view to realizing
revenue from this aiticle, and such legislation
contemplates its production; and 1 think any
man makes a mistake in legislating with a view
to revenue by starting out with a proposition
that whisky is an outlaw, that it is simply to
be pursued and destroyed. Congress has no
right to pursue it in that way, and only has the
right to pursue it with a view of realizing reve-
nue. I admit that it is proper in levying a tax
to take into consideration the fact that whisky
is not a necessary in most uses to which it is
applied. It is a necessary for some purposes ;
but the larger amount of it produced is used
as a matter of luxury; perhaps it would be
proper thus to express it. Therefore it may
be properly taxed more than articles of abso-
lute necessity. Now, sir, the question for us
to consider is what rate of tax ought to be
imposed with a view to revenue, and I submit
to Senators if we have not had experience
enough on this subject.
In 1800 the production of whisky in the
country was very nearly ninety million gallons,
above eighty million. Indiana produced about
nine million; Ohio about fifteen million ; Illi-
nois nearly fifteen million. What has become
of this production? In Indiana, I suppose,
there is not a million gallons produced. There
was one large establishment, one very wealthy
firm of very eminent and wealthy citizens, very
honest and reputable men, that produced, per-
haps, more than half the entire production
of the State in 1800; and your legislation has
driven them from the business; your legisla-
tion has left their large property unemployed ;
and the production now in the State is almost
defeated, and you have but to pass this bill and
there" will be none produced in the State, I
presume. If Senators wish that there shall
be no revenue let them go on in this coarse;
but if they want revenue let them tax the arti-
cle at such a rate as the people feel it is right
to tax it, and then they will have the support
of the judgment of the country.
I have not a very extensive acquaintance
with whisky producers. This particular firm
that I have spoken of I knew very well. I
respected them very much because I knew
they were excellent men. They had their
agents in almost every neighborhood of the
State of Indiana buying up the corn. They
bought corn by the millions of bushels in Indi-
ana and Illinois, furnished a market to the
people for their corn, and of course we came
to know them well. And as they were most
excellent men and very skillful business men,
and in the legitimate prosecution of their busi-
ness made very large fortunes, they had a
commercial influence, a business influence, in
that State. But, sir, they have been driven
out of this business and into other pursuits.
Now, Mr. President, let us consider just
for a minute this proposition. _ If whisky, in
a particular district, lor a period of ten days,
shall remain below two dollars a gallon, then
it is the duty of the Commissioner in Wash-
ington to order an investigation, and all the
distilleries in that district shall be closed, upon
the presumption, I suppose, that anybody
who is then producing, the market being at
that low rate, must be producing illegally in
some way or other. How is that, sir? Can
you not conceive of a manufacturer carrying
on business when the market price ol the .
article produced is less than the cost of pro-
duction? Can you not conceive of the case
of a cotton manufacturer having a very large
amount of cotton on hand which he must
manufacture into fabrics; that, although the
price in the market may be below what it will
cost him, he will go on and complete the man-
ufacture of the material on hand? Can you.
not conceive of such a case? Can you not
imagine that, rather than dismiss bis many
operatives, rather than leave his machinery
idle, rather than leave his raw material un-
manufactured, he would go on, trusting to a
better market in the future? And can you
not understand this case, that a distiller pro-
ducing in large quantities shall, at the proper
season of the y ear, send out into all parts ot
the corn-growing region and buy up millions
of bushels of corn, and having it on hand
and his machinery in working order, although
for a while the price may fall very much, he
would go on and manufacture that corn into
whisky, although he might have to hold the
whisky for a considerable period of time ? Is
it a presumption that a man is guilty of fraud
because he will go on and manufacture that
corn which he has already purchased with a
view to a future and better market.
Mr. President, in this business there is
another consideration that the Senator from
Oregon seems to be ignorant of. A very im-
portant part of the profit of the manufacture
of whisky is in the feeding of stock, mainly of
hogs. Hundreds of thousands of hogs used
to be fattened in Indiana at the distilleries;
and it was regarded as a source of great profit
to the distiller that he could use the material,
after the alcohol had been extracted from it,
in fattening stock. Now, suppose, that which
occuis with every distiller, that he has pur-
chased up hundreds of head of hogs and has
them on hand ; he must feed them; he is going
on with his distilling, and some emissary of
the Department comes into that district, ascer-
tains that whisky has fallen below two dollars
a gallon and that it has continued at that
depressed rate for more than ten days: he
comes to this distiller who is manufacturing
the corn which ho has purchased at tlie proper
season of the year and which he has on hand,
and he is fattening his hundreds of head of
hogs, and this agent of the Department stops
his operations, stops not only the manufacture
ofthe whisky, but stops the supply ofthefoodto
the hogs which is relied upon, as I said before,
as a very important part of the profits of the
business. Why, sir, Senators that understand
anything about the production of whisky and
j the other interests that are connected with it
know very well that a distiller would not stop
I in the manufacturing of corn he had already
