1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4233
naturalization in the United States does not
operate to dissolve his allegrance to his native
sovereign," then the President is "empowered''
to do certain things ; but he is not required to
do anything. In such a case he is empowered
to suspend commercial relations with the ag-
gressive country.
He is empowered to arrest a citizen of that
country who may happen to be in the United
States ; but whether he will do so or not is
entirely left to his discretion. No duty is im-
posed upon the President of the United States
iu any way to protect any citizen in a foreign
country. I concur with the committee in
recommending that those portions of the bill
which confer the specific powers there named
upon the President should be stricken out, for
the reason that they only provide two specific
ways by which the rights of American citizens
abroad shall be vindicated ; one is by suspend-
ing commeicial intercourse with the foreign
country, and the other is by arresting a citizen
of that country in the United States, when
there may be a great variety of cases arising
where other and different means would be
equally effective, and where the end desired
could be accomplished without resorting to
such dangerous and violent measures.
Now, if I understand this bill, it only pro-
vides protection for a naturalized citizen of the
United States. Although the bill would seem
to convey the idea m one clause that if any
citizen shall be arrested and detained abroad,
and his release on demand shall be unreason-
ably delayed and refused, the President shall
proceed as prescribed in this bill; yet that
clayse refers "to the said Government," and to
"such foreign Government" in other clauses
of the bill, implying that it must be that Gov-
ernment which arrests the citizen upon the
allegation that naturalization in the United
States does not operate to dissolve the citi-
zen's allegiance to his native sovereign. X do
not know that I fully understand the meaning
of that section. I think it ought to be made
clear and distinct, so that it will not be sus-
ceptible of misconstruction; but according to
its fair interpretation, it seems to me that it
only undertakes to protect naturalized citizens
in foreign countries, and in that respect I
think the bill is greatly defective, for it ought
to provide for the protection of all American
citizens in foreign countries. I can see 110
reason why this special protection should be
extended to naturalized citizens and not ex-
tended to native-born citizens of the United
States.
This bill, if I understand it, only provides a
remedy where a citizen is arrested upon the
mere allegation, and upon no other ground,
that naturalization in the United States does
not dissolve his allegiance to the Government
under which he was born. If an American
citizen is arrested in a foreign country upon
any other ground, upon any other pretext
whatever, or if he be a native citizen, then he
is not, according to the terms of this bill, enti-
tled to the protection of this Government. I
insist that if we undertake to pass a bill, and
engage in solemn legislation under a procla-
mation that we are proceeding to protect the
rights of American citizens in foreign coun-
tries, we shall not reach the ''lameandimpotent
conclusion" that no citizen is to be protected
in a foreign country unless he is naturalized,
and is arrested upon the mere ground or pre-
tense by a foreign Government that naturaliza-
tion does not dissolve the allegiance of a man
to the Government under which he was born.
The amendment that 1 propose provides that
whenever it shall be made known to the Presi-
dent of the United States that an American
citizen has been deprived of his liberty in a
foreign country it shall be the duty of the
President to do something; not that he shall
have power, if in his judgment, he sees proper,
to act; but he shall proceed at once and in-
vestigate the facts of the case, and he shall
ascertain whether that imprisonment is right-
ful or wrongful, whether or not it violates the
rights of American citizenship; and if he
ascertains that the imprisonment is unjust and
unfounded, that it is made upon some frivo-
lous pretext, that it is made for some alleged
political opinion which the party entertains to
which that Government does not give its sanc-
tion, that he shall proceed upon ascertaining
the facts and demand the release of that citi-
zen so imprisoned, and if that Government
after this demand is made by the Executive
shall unreasonably refuse to grant that release,
then my amendment requires him to use such
means as in his judgment may be necessary
and proper to obtain or to effectuate the release.
There can be no possible objection to this
amendment, as it seems to me, except to that
portion of it which proposes to confer discre-
tionary power upon the Executive of the
United States. It will be observed that it
does not require him to seize any property;
it does not require him to suspend commercial
relations, but he is left to exercise his judg-
ment as the circumstances of the case may
require in order to obtain the release of the
American citizen who is wrongfully impris-
oned in a foreign country. He may resort to
all the instrumentalities of diplomacy to accom-
plish that purpose. He may intimate to the
foreign Government that the United States will
regard its acts as violative of international
law, and will not submit to outrages upon the
rights of its citizens; and such an intimation
coming from the Executive of the nation under
a law of this description will have power, will
produce influence, and in many cases, I ven-
ture to say, it will result in the release of the
person imprisoned.
Now, sir, if I understand the history of this
subject, many grievances which our citizens
suffer in foreign countries arise from inatten-
tion on the part of the American Govern-
ment. I believe it is a fact that the citizens
of 110 civilized country upon the globe receive
so little attention in foreign countries from
their own Government as the citizens of the
United States ; and this law, if it is to amount
to anything at all, ought to compel the Execu-
tive to proceed forthwith to give attention to
these complaints whenever it is alleged to the
Executive of the country that a citizen of the
United States is suffering in a foreign prison,
it should be the duty of the Executive forth-
with to proceed and examine into the case,
otherwise the rights of American citizenship
are of little value whatever in a foreign coun-
try.
I admit that this power in the hands of the
Executive may be employed so as to produce
mischievous effects. N0 the power conferred on
the President by the Constitution of the United
States, to be Commander-in-Chiefof the Army
and Navy, may be perverted arid abused, and
may be used for the destruction of the Govern-
ment. Something must be intrusted to the Ex-
ecutive in reference to this matter. He is the
proper department of the Government to act,
and the action should be at once ; because de-
lays, under some circumstances, are dangerous
and absolutely destructive of the end to be ac-
complished. It cannot be presumed that the
President will exercise this power tothedetri-
mentofthe country. Law has been read by the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, show-
ing that a reprisal, such as is contemplated by
the bill, is contrary to the usages of nations,
and if the power is conferred upon the Presi-
dent, it is not to be presumed that the Execu-
tive will violate the law of nations or under-
take to exercise any of the dangerous powers
that are now specifically conferred upon him
by the bill. But, sir, he may negotiate for the
release of an American citizen imprisoned in
a foreign country. He may use all the influ-
ences that he can to secure his restoration to
liberty; and cases may arise where it would be
the duty of the Executive of the nation, and
where lie ought to have the power at once,
without any delay, to wrest an American citi-
zen from the clutches of a despot in a foreign
country. I can imagine many eases where the
Executive should be invested with the power
at once to proceed and vindicate the rights of
American citizenship upon foreign soil by all
the power of the nation.
The idea that when an American citizen
is arrested without cause in a foreign coun-
try he is to lie in a dungeon, if that be the will
of the foreign Power, until the President of the
United States shall communicate the matter to
Congress and Congress shall proceed with its
endless debates to discuss the subject before
any relief shall be afforded is simply a mock-
ery, to
" Keep the promise to our ear
And break it to our hope."
I think, therefore, that we ought to make it
the positive duty of the President to act in the
cases contemplated by this bill in the case of
all citizens naturalized or native born who
may be wrongfully imprisoned in foreign coun-
tries. We can safely intrust this discretion-
ary power to him as we do in other cases, pre-
suming, of course, that the President of the
United States, under his responsibility to the
American people, would not wantonly and
wickedly involve this nation in war.
Sir, he has that power now if he sees proper
to abuse and pervert it. I believe it was al-
leged by a great party in the country that Pres-
ident Polk involved the United States in awar
with Mexico without any legislation or action
on the part of Congress. The power that was
in the hands of Polk is in the hands of every
Executive, and if you proceed upon the ground
that no judgment is to be given to the Execu-
tive, as proposed in my amendment, then you
ought to strip him of all the discretionary
power which he exercises.
Sir, without consuming more time, it appears
to me that this bill, as it came from the House
of Representatives, is objectionable as 1 have
indicated, and if it is amended as proposed by
the Committee on Foreign Relations it is
emasculated and simply provides in effect that
the President, if he ascertains certain facts,
shall communicate those facts to Congress,
when, perhaps, the same facts would be as well
known to Congress without as with such a
communication, and it amounts to nothing in
a practical point of view for the protection of
American citizens in foreign countries. I hope
it will be amended so that it may be made
effective, and so that it will reach the purposes
which this legislation contemplates.
Mr. MORTON. I concur very much with
the remarks made by the Senator from Califor-
nia last Saturday upon the amendment offered
by him. His speech was eloquent, and evidently
came from his heart as well as from his head ;
and I agree with him in the sentiments he uttered
and sympathize with the purpose of his speech ;
but I differ with him somewhat in regard to the
remedy proposed for the evils to be redressed.
1 agree with the preamble of this bill that the
right of expatriation is a natural and inherent
right, because it is a part of our liberty. A man
is shorn of a very important part of his liberty
who has not the right to leave one country and
make his home in another.
Mr. FERRY. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator a question right at this place. Suppose the
country to be engaged in war; has its Govern-
ment a right to prevent its citizens leaving the
country to avoid their duties in its defense?
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Con-
necticut proposes, perhaps, an extreme case,
which I will not undertake to discuss just now.
There may be considerations of public safety,
in time of war, which overrule, for the time
being, the natural rights, as such considera-
tions do in very many other cases. I say that
a man's right to withdraw from his native
country and make his home in another, and
thus cut himself off from all connection with
his native country, is a part of his natural lib-
erty, and without that his liberty is defective.
We claim that the right to liberty is a uatura1,
inherent, God-given right, and his liberty is
imperfect unless it carries with it the right of
expati iation. So I concur with the preamble
of this bill; and I fully concur with the further
declaration that " all naturalized.citizens or
i the United States, while in foreign States, shall
