186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2185
purchased and in the feeding of the hogs he
had already purchased merely because whisky
had fallen to $1 90: lie would not think of
stopping; he would go on and complete the
business that he had provided his supply for.
Mr. President, I was surprised that the Sen-
ator from Ohio should support a proposition
of this sort, because he does know very well
the practical inconvenience, the absolute de-
struction to men that a provision like this would
l)e. Suppose that the distiller has two hundred
thousand bushels of corn on hand; he buys
that in the month of November, when it is
cheap ; and in the month of January he is
manufacturing ; and he has two huudied head
of hogs that he is feeding from this corn after
it is distilled; and the agent of the Department
comes along and sees that in some town in that
district, perhaps twenty, thirty, or fifty miles
distant, they are selling whisky at SI 00, and.
therefore, this distiller jnust stop—upon what
principle? Absolute ruin to the man is the
result. There is no evidence of dishonesty on
liis part; but he must stop, and his stock go
unfed, or he will be driven to the necessity of
feediug and fattening with a much more ex-
pensive food.
Mr. President, I notice that a colleague of
mine in the other House, Mr. Niblack, has
signed this report. I desire, while it is being
discussed, in justification of him, to say that
this report is, to some extent, a modification
of the proposition of the House ; it is not quite
so bad as that was; and my colleague felt him-
self justified in signing the report, inasmuch as
he simply represented the will of the House;
and as the bill which comes back to us from
the committee of conference is somewhat less
objectionable than the House bill he felt au-
thorized to sign it. lie had better not have
signed it, in my opinion; though I recollect
that upon one occasion I was on a committee
of conference 
Mr. SHERMAN. I would ask my friend if
Mr. Nib lack told him that; or is it only his
own inference?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think I am stating it
from a conversation with him.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not feel at liberty
to state what occurred in the conference, and
therefore I will not go into it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ I asked Judge Ntblaok
how he came to sign it, and he said he was
opposed to the bill of the House, but the re-
port of the committee of conference was le«s
objectionable, in his judgment, than was the
House proposition ; and 1 understood the Sen-
ator from Ohio to say that the bill is not so
extreme in its provisions now as it was as it
came from the House. But I was going to say,
Mr. President, that upon one occasion I was
upon a committee of conference, and the re-
port of the committee was very objectionable
to me, but the two Senators associated with
me on the committee decided in favor of that
report, and I thought it was rather an admin-
istrative oy a ministerial act for me to sign
the report with them, and that it was my duty
to do so ; and so I signed the report, although
I voted against it when it came into the Sen-
ate and was very much opposed to it. So
much, sir, for my colleague who has signed
this report. I know this stylo of legislation is
not agreeable to him, as it is not to myself.
Mr. President, I do not believe the remedy
is to be found in meters or in any machinery
whereby whisky shall be measured ; I do not
believe it is to be found specially in condemn-
ing the whisky or in sending the manufacturer
to the penitentiary. I believe the remedy is
in the modification of the law so that every-
body will feel that the tax is just. When you
bring it down to one dollar or fifty cents on
the gallon you will have a more efficient ad-
ministration of the law and more revenue, and
I do not look for it before that time. When
the inducements to evade the law are so very
great it will be evaded, and the honest men
who are engaged in the business ought not to
be punished merely because there are dishonest
men engaged in it. What a remarkable prop
osition it is that all the distrlleries of a district
shall be closed up at one time, whether they
are all involved in the evasion of the law or not.
Very well said the Senator from Nevada
that if one importing merchant shall bring in
his goods without paying the duty all the
importers must have their houses closed up,
according to the logic of this proposition. That
is the principle of it. It is not right, of course.
If Senators think they are justified in voting
to destroy the business and stop it on moral
grounds that is another question; but when
you are legislating with a view to revenue you
must contemplate the production of the article
taxed and deal with it as you would by law
with any other article, justly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I do not rise to discuss the general character
of this bill, but to notice a single observation
that has fallen from the Senator from Indiana,
who has just taken his seat; and I do it the
more because the remark to which I refer lias
been so often repeated here and has so often
arrested my attention that I think now I atn
justified in making an observation or two in
regard to it. I allude to the proposition that
this tax; is unjust in that it is too high, and
that the remedy is not in new provisions of
law for more stringency and efficiency, but in
an appeal to the moral sense of the manufac-
turers of whisky and in imposing a tax which
shall he recognized by their moral sense as
just, and, therefore, addressing itself to their
magnanimity, that they will pay it because it
is just, when they would not pay a high tax
because they think it onerous.
Mr. President, I agree entirely with that
Senator that, as a legislative body, we have no
control over the question of the manufacture
of liquors in the several States. Whether the
States shall allow their citizens to manufac-
ture whisky or not is not a question over
which we have any control. If it were I
should think that it was sound policy to pro-
hibit the manufacture of it altogether. I would
hold that it would be the wisest thing for this
country to do to say it is a positive immorality,
and it is so productive and so fruitful of pau-
perism and crime that it is not a fit thing for
this nation to allow it to exist. 1 would pay
that it was an unfit and an improper thing for
the Government of a great country to partici-
pate in it at all as a question of traffic ; that
we should be wise if we would gather no rev-
enue whatever from it, and say that we would
not countenance the manufacture or the traffic
in ardent spirits, or in whisky, if you please, as
a matter of profit for the purpose of replen-
ishing the Treasury; and I would rejoice if
my country and my countrymen would, if they
had the power, look at it as a moral question
and say, as a matter of morality and as a mat-
ter of sound policy, we do not encourage the
manufacture of ardent spirits as an article of
traffic. But I agree with the Senator that we
have no such control over the subject ; that it
is a matter which belongs entirely to the
States.
But, sir, when you come to levy a tax on
the manufacture, when you come to the ques-
tion of how much tax you will impose on it, 1
maintain that you have a right to consider the
morality of it, to use the language of the honor-
able Senator from Indiana. 1 maintain that
we have a right to take notice of the fact that
this article is manufactured in the States,
and we have a right to inquire of ourselves
whether we will encourage or discourage it, so
far as the lax is concerned. We do that in
regard to all our manufactures. We lay our
external revenue taxes, our imposts, and also
our excises with reference to the encourage-
ment of those articles which are by common
consent of mankind, articles of necessity, and
on those articles which are artielcs of luxury,
we lay a heavy hand. So here. This distinc-
tion runs exactly in this line. This article of
whisky is not an article of necessity by the
general consent and judgment of mankind.
Therefore, we have a right to lay the heaviest
duty possible upon it. We have a right to say
that if the States will allow the manufacture
of whisky, if they will allow an article of prime
necessity for the people, the bread, the staff of
life, to be converted into an article which
poisons the people and which is the frightful
source of pauperism and crime, we will lay the
heaviest possible tax which the case admits of
upon it.
What is the answer to that? " You cannot
collect it." Why ? The persons who are en-
gaged in this business, the assumption is, will
be honest with a tax of fifty cents, and they
will be very dishonest if the tax is two dollars 1
Sir, that is not the theory of the law. You
do not base your laws upon such a theory as
that. You hold that the citizen is to pay such
a duty or such a tax as the Government sees
lit to impose upon him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the SenatOT
this question: whether it has not been for a
very long time the policy of the Government to
impose no duties on diamonds, for instance,
for the reason that it was so easy to evade the
law by smuggling, and that the temptation to
evade it must be considered?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose that
is so; but my honorable friend would hardly
think that a parallel case.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator does not
state my position exactly right. I did not say
that a man was necessarily dishonest with the
tax at two dollars and honest if it were at fifty
cents. I said that the tax of two dollars held
out so great an inducement to an evasion of the
law that it ought to be expected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly the
honorable Senator did not say that in words,
but he said the remedy, our relief was in plac-
ing this tax at fifty cents. Why? He said
men would pay the tax at fifty cents and would
not pay at two dollars. What is the implica-
cation? Of course, that they would not seek to
evade the law if you give them the terms they
desire.
Mr. HENDRICKS. They would not run
the risks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They would not
run the risks. I think that is the inference, of
course. Now, Mr. President, is it true that
this tax cannot be collected ? Is that the expe-
rience? It is the experience, I admit, that it
has not been; but why has it not been? I
have not examined the subject particularly, but
from what I have observed, and what I have
heard here, and of the debates in the other
branch of Congress, it is because the law has
not been faithfully administered. That is the
difficulty. I understand it is true that in other
countries where similarprovisions prevail, there
is no difficulty in collecting this tax. If I am
correctly informed, in Great Britain, perhaps
in France, and some other countries, it is as
high, and I think higher than it is here. Why,
then, should this be an exceptional ease?
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is £2 50 in Great
Britain.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Two dollars and
fifty cents in Great Britain, and it is collected,
and collected unquestionably withoutditliculty.
Why? Simply owing to the administration of
the law; that is all. is it practicable to admin-
ister tile law here so as to collect it? I can
understand, owing to our viidely-exteiided
country, and owing, perhaps, to the las condi-
tion of the police force of the country that we
encounter greater difficulties here than are
encountered in England, Prance, and the other
States of Europe ; but it does seem to me that
it is very obvious that the remedy is not what
the Senator from Indiana supposes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I said the tax was
$2 50 in Great Britain. I did not wish to be
understood as admitting that the tax was no
more here than there, for the reason that X
presume the production of whisky in England
costs very much more than it does in the west-
ern States of the United States. I think it is
mainly manufactured out of much more costly
