THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
due deliberation, with the advice of those who
are his proper advisers, he settles down firmly
upon the opinion that such is the character of
the law, it remains to be decided by you
whether there is any violation of his duty when
he takes the needful steps to raise that ques-
tion and have it peacefully decided.
Where shall the line be drawn? Suppose a
law should provide that the President of the
United States should not make a treaty with
England or with any other country? It would
be a plain infraction of his constitutional
power, and if an occasion arose when such a
treaty was in his judgment expedient and
necessary it would be his duty to make it; and
the fact that it should be declared to be a high
misdemeanor if he made it would no more
relieve him from the responsibility of acting
through the fear of that law than he would be
relieved of that responsibility by a bribe not
to act.
Suppose a law that lie shall not be Com-
mander-in-Chief in part or in whole—a plain
ease, I will suppose, of an infraction of that
provision of the Constitution which has con-
fided to him that command ; the Constitution
intending that the head of all the military
power of the country should be a civil magis-
trate, to the end that the law may always be
superior to arms. Suppose he should resist
a statute of that kind in the manner I have
spoken of by bringing it to a judicial decision ?
It may be said these arc plain cases of ex-
press infractions of the Constitution; but what
is the difference between a power conferred
upon the President by the express words of
the Constitution and a power conferred upon
the President by a clear and sufficient impli-
cation in the Constitution ? Where does the
power to make banks come ft 0111 ? Where does
the power come from to limit Congress in as-
signing original jurisdiction to the 'kupreme
Court of the United States, one of the cases
referred to the other day? Where do a mul-
titude of powers upon which Congress acts
come from in the Constitution except by fair
implications? Whence do you derive the
power, while you are limiting the tenure of
office, to confer on the Senate the right to pre-
vent removals without their consent? Is that
expressly given in the Constitution, or is it an
implication which is made from some of its
provisions?
I submit it is impossible to draw any line of
duty for the President simply because a power
is derived from an implication in the Consti-
tution instead of from an express provision.
One thing unquestionably is to be expected of
the President on all such occasions, that is, that
he should carefully consider the question ; that
he should ascertain that it necessarily aiises;
that he should be of opinion that it is necessary
to the public service that it should be decided ;
that he should take all competent and proper
advice on the subject. When lie has done all
this, if he finds that lie cannot allow the law to
operate in the particular case without abandon-
ing a power which he believes has been confided
to him by the people, it is his solemn conviction
that it is his duty to assert the power and obtain
a judicial decision thereon. And although he
does not perceive, nor do his counsel perceive,
that it is essential to his defense in this case to
maintain this part of the argument, neverthe-
less, if this tribunal should be of that opinion,
then before this tribunal, before all the people
of the United States, and before the civilized
world, he asserts the truth of this position.
1 am compelled now to ask your attention,
quite briefly, however, to some considerations
which weighed upon the mind of the Presi-
dent and led him to the conclusion that this
was one of the powers of his office which it
was his duty, in the manner 1 have indicated,
to endeavor to preserve.
The question whether the Constitution has
lodged the power of removal with the Presi-
dent alone, with the President and Senate, or
left it to Congress to be determined at its will
in fixing the tenure of offices, was, as all Sen-
ators know, debated in 1789 with surpassing
ability and knowledge of the frame and neces-
sities of our Government.
Now, it is a rule long settled, existing, I sup-
pose, in all civilized countries, certainly in
every system of law that I have any acquaint-
ance with, that a contemporary exposition of
a law made by those who were competent to
give it a construction is of very great weight;
and that when such contemporary exposition
has been made of a law, and it has been followed
by an actual and practical construction in ac-
cordance with that contemporary exposition,
continued during a long period of time and
applied to great numbers of cases, it is after-
ward too late to call in question the correctness
of such a construction. The rule is laid down,
in the quaint language of Lord Coke, in this
form:
"Great regard ought, in construing a law, to be
paid to the construction which the sages who lived
about the time or soon after it was made put upon it,
because they were best able to judge oi tho inten-
tion of the makers at tho timo when tholaw was
made. Coittcmporama exnontio est fortissima-in legem."
I desire to bring before the Senate in this
connection, inasmuch as I think the subject
has been frequently misunderstood, the form
taken by that debate of 1789 and the result
which was attained. In order to do so, and at
tho same time to avoid fatiguing your attention
by looking minutely into the debate itself, I
beg leave to read a passage from Chief J ustice
Marshall's Life of Washington, where he has
summed up the whole. The writer says, on
page 102 of the second volume of the Phila-
delphia edition:
" After an ardent discussion, which consumed sev-
eral days, thccommiLtee divided, and the amendment
was negatived by a majority of thirty-four to twenty.
Tho opinion thus expressed by the House of Repre-
sentatives did not explicitly convey their sonso of
the Constitution. Indeed, the express giant of
tho power to the President rather implied a rightin
the Legislature to give or withhold it at their dis-
cretion. To obviate any misunderstanding of the
principle on which tho question had been decided
Mr. Bonbon moved in tho House, when tho report of
tho Committee of thcWholo was taken up, to amend
tho second clause in the bill so as cleaily to imply
the power of removal to bo solely in the President.
He gave notice that if he should succeed in this ho
would move to strike out tile words which had been
tho subject ol debate. If those words continued, ho
said, the power of removal by the President might
hereafter appear to bo exercised by virtue of a
legislath egraut only, and consequently bo subjected
to legislative instability; when ho was well satistied
in his own mind that it was by fair construction
fixed in the Constitution. The motion was seconded
by M r. Madison, and both amendments were adopted.
As tho bill passed into a law, it has ercr been con-
sidered as a full expression of the sonso of tho Legis-
latuio Oil this important pait of the American Con-
stitution."
Some allusion has been made to the fact that
this law was passed in the Senate only by tho
casting vote of the Vice President; and upon
that, subject 1 bog leave to refer to the life of
Mr. Adams by his grandson, volume one of
his works, pages 448 to 4o0. lie here gives an
account, so far as c-ould be ascertained from
the papers of President Adams, of what that
debate was, and finally terminates the subject
in this way:
"These reasons," that is, the reasons of
Vice President Adams—
" Were not committed to paper, however, and can
therefore never bo known. Cut in their soundness
it is certain that ho never had tno shadow of a doubt."
I desire leave, also, to refer on this subject to
tho first volume of Story's Commentaries on
the Constitution, section four hundred and
eight, in support of the rule of interpretation
which 1 have stated to the Senate. It will there
be found that it is stated by the learned com-
mentator that a contemporaneous construction
of the Constitution made under certain cir-
cumstances, which he describes, is of very
great weight in determining its meaning. He
says :
"After ail the most unexceptionable source of col-
lateral interpretation is from the practical exposition
of tho Government itself in its various departments
upon particular questions discussed and settled upon
their own single merits. Theseapproach thonearest
m their own nature to judicial expositions, and have
the same gencraf recommendaiion that belongs to
the latter. They are decided upon solemn argument,
pro renata, upon a doubt raised, upon a hi motri, upon
a deep sense of theii importance and difficulty, in the
face of the nation, with n view to present action in
the midst, of jealous interests, and by men capable
of urging or repelling tho grounds of argument from
their exquisite genius, their comprehensive learn-
ing, or their deep meditation upon the absorbing
topic. IIow light, compared with these means of in-
struction, are tho private lucubrations of tho closet
or tho retired speculations of ingenious minds, intent
on theory or general views, and unused to encounter
a practical difficulty at every stepl"
On comparing the decision made in 1789
with the tests which' are here suggested by the
learned commentator, it will be found, in the
first place, that the precise question was under
discussion; secondly, that there was a deep
sense of its importance, foritwas seen that the
decision was not to affect a few cases lying here
and there in the course of the Government, but
that it would enter deeply into its practical and
daily administration ; and in the next place the
determination was, so far as such determination
could be entertained, thereby to fix a system
for the future; and in the last place the men
who participated in it must be admitted to have
been exceedingly well qualified for their work.
There is another rule to be added to this
which is also one of very frequent application,
and it is that a long-continued practical appli-
cation of a decision of this character by those
to whom the execution of a law is confided is
of decisive weight. To borrow again from
Lord Coke on this subject, " Optimus legum
interpret consududo''—"practice is the best
interpreter of law." Now, whatfollowed this
original decision? From 1789 down to 1867
every President and every Congress partici-
pated in and acted under the construction given
in 1789. Not only did the Government so con-
duct, but it was a subject sufficiently discussed
among the people to bring to their considera-
tion that such a question had existed, had been
started, had been settled in this manner, had
been raised again from time to time, and yet,
as everybody knows, so far from the people
interfering with this decision, so far from ever
expressingin any manner their disapprobation
of the practice which had grown up under it,
not one party nor two parties but all parties
favored and acted upon this system of Govern-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (at two o'clock and
twenty-five minutes p. m.) Mr. President,,- if
agreeable to the honorable counsel, I will
move that the Senate take a recess for fifteen
minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
The Chief Justice resumed the Chair at
fifteen minutes to three o'clock, and called the
Senate to order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, (after a pause.)
I move that the Senate do now adjourn—I see
that most of the Senators are away—and on
that motion 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the motion ? I
did not hear it.
Tho CHIEF JUSTICE. The motion is to
adjourn until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, and
upon that motion the yeas and nays are
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2, nays 35 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. JlcCreery, and Patterson of Ten-
nessee—2.
NA\\S—Messrs. Buckalcw, Cattell,Chandler, Cole,
Conkling. Corbctt, Cragm, l>avis, Dixon, Doolittie,
"Drake, Perry, Fessenden, Prelinghuysen, Grimes,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson,
Morgan, Morrill ot Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Pomeroy, Ho--. Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer. Tipton, Van Winkle, Vickers, Wifley, and
Y ates—35.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Anthony, Bajardv Cam-
eron, Comicss, Rdmunds. Powlcr, Harlan, Norton,
Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,, .Ramsey, Sauls-
bury, Sprague, Trumbull, Wade, Williams, and Wil-
son—17.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel for
the President will proceed with the argument.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, when the Senate adjourned I was asking
its attention to the fact that this practical in-
terpretation was put upon the Constitution in
1789, and that it had been continued with the
concurrence of the legislative and executive
branches of the Government down to 1867,
