128
SUPPLEMENT TO
affecting go great a variety of interests, em-
bracing so many offices, so well known not
merely to the members of the Goverment them-
selves, but to the people of the country, that
it was impossible to doubt that it had received
their sanction as well as the sanction of the
executive and the legislative branches of the
Government.
This is a subject which has been heretofore
examined and passed upon judicially in very
numerous cases. I do not speak now, of
course, of judicial decisions of this particular
question which 13 under consideration, whether
the Constitution has lodged the power of re-
moval in the President alone, or in the Presi-
dent and Senate, or has left it to be a part of
the legislative power; but I speak of the judi-
cial exposition of the effect of such a practical
construction of the Constitution of the United
States originated in the way in which this was
originated, continued in the way in which this
was continued, and sanctioned in the way in
which this has beeu sanctioned.
There was a very early case that arose soon
after the organization of the Government, and
which is reported under the name of Stuart vs.
Laird, in 1 Cranch's Reports, 299. It was a
question concerning the interpretation of the
Constitution concerning the power which the
Congress had to assign to the judges of the
Supreme Court circuit duties. From that time
down to the decision in the case of Cooley vs.
The Port Wardens of Philadelphia, reported
in 12 Howard, 815, a period of more than half
a century, there has been a series of decisions
upon the effect of such a contemporaneous
construction of the Constitution, followed by
such a practice in accordance with it; and it
is now a fixed and settled rule, which, I think,
no lawyer will undertake to controvert, that
the effect of such a construction is not merely
to give weight to an argument, but to fix an
interpretation. And accordingly it will be
found by looking into the books written by
those who were conversant with this subject
that they have so considered and received it.
1 beg leave to refer to the most eminent of all
the commentators 011 American law, and to
read a line or two from Chancellor Kent's
Lectures, found in the first volume, page 310,
marginal paging. After considering this sub-
ject, and, it should be noted in reference to
tiiis very learned and experienced jurist, con-
sidering it in an unfavorable light, because lie
himself thought that as an original question it
had better have been settled the other way,
that it would have been more logical, more in
conformity with his views of what the prac-
tical needs of the Government were, that the
Senate should participate with the President
in the power of removal, nevertheless he sums
it all up in these words:
"This amounted to a legislative construction of the
Constitut ton, and it ha = ever since been ucquie-'ced in
and acted upon as of decisive authority in thcc.ise.
It applies equally to every other olhcer of theUoveni-
rnent appointed by the I'lesideut and Senate whose
term of duration 13 not specially doe] ared. Irissnp-
ported by the weighty reason that the subordinate
officers 111 the executive department ought to hold
at the pleasure of the head of that department, be-
cause ho is invested generally with the executive
authority, and every participation in that authority
by the Senate was an exception to a general piinci-
ple, and ought to he taken strictly. The President
is the great responsible officer for the faith I'm ! execu-
tion oi the law, and the power of removal was inci-
dental to that duty, and might often bo requisite to
fulfill it."
This, I believe, will be found to be a fair
expression of the opinions of those who have
had occasion to examine this subject in their
closets or as a matter of speculation.
fn this case, however, the President of the
United States had to consider not merely the
general question where this power was lodged,
not merely the effect of this decision made in
1789, and the practice of the Government
under it since, but he had to consider a par-
ticular law, the provisions of which were before
him, and might have an application to the case
upon which he felt called upon to act; and it
is necessary, in order to do justice to the Pres-
ident in reference to this matter, to see what
the theory of that law is and what its opera-
tion is or must be, if any, upon the case which
lie had before him ; namely, the case of Mr.
Stanton.
During the debate in 1789 there were three
distinct theories held by different persons in
the House of Representatives. One was that
the Constitution had lodged the power of re-
moval with the President alone; another was
that the Constitution had lodged that power
with the President, acting with the advice
and consent of the' Senate; the third was that
the Constitution had lodged it nowhere, but
had left it to the legislative power, to be acted
upon in connection with the prescription of the
tenure of office. The last of these theories was
at that day held by comparatively few persons.
The first two received not only much the great-
est number of votes but much the greatest
weight of reasoning in the course of that debate;
so much so that when this subject came under
■the consideration of the Supreme Court of the
United States, in the case of ex parte Hennan,
collaterally only, Mr. Justice Thompson, who
delivered the opinion of the court on that
occasion, says that it has never been doubted
that the Constitution had lodged the power
either in the President alone or in the Presi-
dent and Senate—certainly an inaccuracy; but
then it required a very.close scrutiny of the
debates and a careful examination of the few
individual opinions expressed in that debate,
in that direction, to ascertain that it ever had
beeu doubted that, one way or the other, the
Constitution settled the question.
Nevertheless, as I understand it—I may be
mistaken in this—but, as I understand it, it is
the theory of this law which the President had
before him, that both these opinions were
wrong ; that the' Constitution has not lodged
the power anywhere; that it has left it as an
incident to the legislative power, which inci-
dent may be controlled, of course, by the
Legislature itself, according to its own will;
because, as Chief Justice Marshall somewhere
remarks, (and it is one of those profound re-
marks which will be found to have been carried
by him into many of his decisions.) when it
comes to a question whether a power exists the
particular mode in which it may be exercised
must be left to the will of the body that pos-
sesses it; and, therefore, if this be a legisla-
tive power, it was very apparent to the Presi-
dent of the United States, as it had been very
apparent to Mr. Madison, as was declared by
him in the course of his correspondence with
Mr. Coles, which is, no doubt, familiar to Sen-
ators, that if this bo a legislative power the
Legislature may lodge it in the Senate, may
retain it in the whole body of Congress, the
two Houses of Congress, or may give it to the
House of Representatives. 1 repeat, the Pres-
ident had to consider this particular law ; and
that, as I understand it, is the theory of that
law. I do not undertake to say it is an un-
founded theory; I do not undertake to say that
it may not be maintained successfully ; but I
do undertake to say that it is one which was
originally rejected by the ablest minds that had
this subject under consideration in 1789 ; that
whenever the question has been started since
it lias had, to a recent period, very few advo-
cates ; and that 110 fair and candid mind can
deny that it is capable of being doubted and
disbelieved after examination. It may be the
truth, after all; but it is not a truth which
shines with such clear and certain light that a
man is guilty of a crime because he does not
see it.
The President not only had to consider this
particular law, but he had to consider its con-
stitutional application to this particular case,
supposing the case of Mr. Stanton to be, what
1 have endeavored to argue it was not, within
its terms. Let us assume, then, that his case
was within its terms; let us assume that this
proviso, in describing the cases of Secretaries
described the case of Mr. Stanton ; that Mr.
Stanton, having been appointed by President
Lincoln in January, 18(32, and commissioned
to liold during the pleasure of the President,
by force of this law acquired a right to hold
this office against the will of the President
down to April, 1869. Now, there is one thing .
which has never been doubted under the Con-
stitution, is incapable of being doubted, allow
me to say, and that is, that the President is to
make the choice of officers. Whether having
made the choice, and they being inducted iuto
office, they can be removed by him alone, is
another question. But to the President alone
is confided the power of choice. In the first
place, he alone can nominate. When the Sen-
ate has advised the nomination, consented to
the nomination, heisnot bound to commission
the officer. He has a second opportunity for
consideration, and acceptance or rejection of
the choice he had originally made. On this
subject allow me to read from the opinion of
Chief Justice Marshall, in the case of Marbury
vs. Madison, where it is expressed more clearly
than I can express it. After enumerating the
different clauses of the Constitution which
bear upon this subject, he says :
"These are the clauses of the Constitution and
laws of the United States which affect this part of the
case. Tlicy seem to contemplate three distinct opera-
tions :
"1. The nomination. This is the sole act of the
President, and is completely voluntary.
"2. The appointment. This is also the act of the
President, and is also a voluntary act, though it can
only be performed by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate.
"3. The commission. To grant a commission to a
person appointed might, perhaps, bo deemed a duty
enjoined by the Constitution. 'He shall,' says that
instrument, 1 commission all the officers of the Uni-
ted States.' "—1 Cranclt, 155.
He then goes into various considerations to
show that it is not a duty enjoined by the Con-
stitution ; that it is optional with him whether
he will commission even after an appointment
has been confirmed, and he says:
"The last act to be dono by the President is the
signature of tho commission. lie has then acted on
the advice and consent of the Senate to his own
nomination. The time for deliberation has then
passed. He has decided. His judgment, on tho ad-
vice and consent of tho Senate concurring with his
nomination, has been made, and the officer is ap-
pointed."—J6id„ 157.
The choice, then, is with the President.
The action of the Senate upon that choice is
an advisory action only at a particular stage
after the nomination, before the appointment
or the commission. Now, as I have said be-
fore, Mr. Stanton was appointed under the
law of 1789, constituting the War Department,
and in accordance with that law he was com-
missioned to hold during the pleasure of the
President. President Lincoln had said to the
Senate, "I nominate Mr. Stanton to hold the
office of Secretary for the Department of War
during the pleasure of the President." The
Senate had said, "We assent to Mr. Stanton's
holding the office of Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent." What does this tenure-of-office law
say, if it operates on the case of Mr. Stanton ?
It says Mr. Stanton shall hold office against
the will of the President, contrary to the terms
of his commission, contrary to the law under
which he was appointed, down to the 4th of
April, 1889. For this new, fixed, and ex-
tended term, where is Mr. Stanton's commis-
sion? Who has made the appointment? Who
has assented to it? It is a legislative commis-
sion; it is a legislative appointment; it is as-
sented. to by Congress acting in its legislative
capacity. The President has had no voice in
the matter. The Senate, as the advisers of
the President, have had 110 voice 111 the mat-
ter. If he holds at all, he holds by force of
legislation, and not by any choice made by the
President, or assented to by the Senate. And
this was the case, and the only case, which the
President had before him, and on which he
was called to act.
Now, I ask Senators to consider whether,
for having formed an opinion that the Consti-
tution of the United States had lodged this
power with the President—an opinion which
he shares with every President who has pre-
ceded him, with every Congress which has pre-
ceded the last; an opinion formed on the
grounds which I have imperfectly indicated;
an opinion which, when applied to this par-
