2186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
grain, and perhaps it would cost, instead of
thirty or forty cents, as with us, a dollar a gal-
lon to the manufacturer. Therefore, the tax
is not so great on the article there as it is here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I only rose to
say what I have said, that I do not believe the
remedy lies in the reduction of the tax. The
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] made an
observation that I think contains the solution
of the whole question ; and that is, make your
penalties personal; let them apply to the per-
son ; subject the person who violates the huv
to the pains of imprisonment, and you will
reach a remedy that will be conclusive.
.Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate does not
seem to think it is necessary to come to any
vote on this question, and so I propose to in-
dulge in the general latitude of debate which
has been opened by other gentlemen.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope we
may reach a vote at once. It is now three
o'clock, and if we intend to act upon this bill
at all we must dispose of it this afternoon.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I thought there was
the slightest prospect of getting a vote within
two hours I would not say a word.
Mr. BTiSSENDEN. 1 think we are ready
to take a vote now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to reply to a few
things that have been said in this debate. I
will not reply to all the various questions about
whisky that have been discussed here ; but I
will reply to one or two things that relate to
this particular amendment. If we can get a
vote, I only desire to occupy the time of the
Senate for about five minutes ; but if' not, I want
an hour or two, because it seems we have got
to discuss the entire question of the whisky tax.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We cannot pass
the bill in time unless we dispose of it to-day.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator
from Ohio to permit me to say a word. The
Senator from Vermont cannot surely expect
me to be so recreant to Bourbon whisky and
Bonrbon distillers as not to say something 111
their defense.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not carry out the
purpose that 1 had when I rose, which was to
enter into the general debate. I shall not dis-
cuss the question whether the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue ought to be invested with
the power to settle suits, or the question
whether a tax of two dollars is too much or too
little; or whether there is some other mode
that may be devised by human ingenuity to
prevent frauds. All these are very interesting
questions, and at the proper time I shall be
perfectly willing to discuss thorn. I rose to
give my views at length on the subject; but 1
shall not do so now. I have studied the ques-
tion a great deal, and thought of it a great deal,
and have been concerned more or less in mak-
ing these laws ; but the subject is too great, I
think, to be fully considered this afternoon.
This bill is to take effect on next Wednesday.
It relieves taxes from a multitude of industrial
occupations. The whole country is anxiously
expecting it to pass. It passed the House
without a division ; it passed the Senate with
but three votes against it; so that I think botli
Houses of Congress desire it, and I know the
people desire the passage of this bill. Now,
the only question is, whether in this, its last
stage, in this, its last vote, the bill is in a shape
to command the judgment of the Senate, it
is no longer open to amendment; no amend-
ments can be proposed ; and the only question
is whether there are such defects in the bill now
as will justify Senators in voting against it.
As a matter of course, however, by refusing to
confirm the report of the committee of confer-
ence and letting it go over, you can have an-
other conference.
But, now, let me examine the objections that
have been made to this report of the committee
of conference. We entered into this examin-
ation entirely without any feeling in regard to
these various questions. Every amendment of
the Senate was concurred in without substan-
tial modification except one; and here I must
confess my regret, and. for the time being, my
pain, that the Senator from Vermont found an
objection to that section, although he himself
was the most in favor of the section, and my
impression is, assented to it, voted for it, and
perhaps partly dictated its terms.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator yield to me for a moment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. '
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say in relation to the tax on sales, to which the
Senator now refers, that the fact that that
would include manufactures of lumber, bread-
stuffs, and the various articles which are never
taxed, did not occur to me.until I read the
report this morning; aud I am as much in fault
as any member of the Committee on Finance
in relation to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I will relieve the
Senator from Vermont from all trouble on that
account. There is now no tax on the manu-
facture of lumber, the manufacture of flour,
&c., but there is a tax on every wholesale
dealer who sells flour ; there is a tax on every
retail dealer who sells flour ; there is a tax on
every man who passes it through his hands;
and that tax is one half the tax we now pro-
pose to put upon the manufacturer. Now, let
me see what great bugbear this is. What is the
tax imposed by this bill on a barrel of flour?
Two cents. That is, if a miller should make
more than $5,000 in the course of a year, on
a barrel which is worth ten dollars, (which is
above the average price, taking the United
States at large, and a little less than its pres-
ent price.) the tax is two cents a barrel, and
that is paid by the miller. It is a tax of less
than two per cent, on his tolls; yes, loss than
one per cent on his legal tolls. The lolls are,
i believe, one eighth or one tenth ; so that it is
a tax of two per cent, on his tolls. And now
wc are to pause in this last stage of this bill in
order to make a discrimination in favor of the
miller of two cents on a barrel of flour; and
unless we do that we are subjected to the im-
putation of my friend from Nevada, [Mr.
Nye,] that we are taking the poor man's
bread. Why, sir, we tax the poor man's bread
now. He cannot buy it from any dealer with-
out paying a lax of one half the amount we
now impose upon him. Is it wise to continue
this effort of making discriminations merely to
follow this thing down to a little, narrow tax
of this sort? There is not a consumer of a
barrel of flour in the United States of Amer-
ica that is worthy of the name who would ob-
ject to this insignificant lax, and demand that,
to save him two cents on his barrel of flour, wo
should make an exception in his favor. Il
does not operate against him at all, but only
operates against the miller who is employed.
1 heard the objection made in conversation
that it would affect live eaitle, itc.; but 1 find
by reference to the internal revenue act that it
does not. It only affects those defined as man-
ufacturers, and it docs not affect any of those
who deal in various other articles, live cattle,
&c. It is perfectly plain and manifest; we
amend one single paragraph of a single section
by inserting a tax on manufactures, just as we
do with the dealers, and insert it in the dealers'
tax. We now tax dealers one tenth of one
per cent., and this would be a tax on manu-
facturers of one fifth of one per cent. By this
bill we relieve the manufacturers irom all other
taxes. Should the manufacturers be entirely
exempt from all tax, and a wholesale dealer,
a retail dealer, a druggist, and everybody else
be taxed by a special tax? Not at all. There
is no reason in the world why they should not
pay their fair share of tax ; and as we have it
now arranged by the assent of both the Senate
and the House, it having been agreed to by
both Houses, the tax is perfectly insignificant.
As this manufacturers' tax passed the Senate,
it, was only imposed on all saies above §10,000.
The House, however, changed it to $5,000, on
the ground that there were a multitude of
manufacturers whose productions were between
fivearul ten thousand dollars who might pay this
insignificant tax. How much is it? Suppose
a lumberman conducts a business to the amount
of §25,000, which is a pretty large business
for a lumberman ; or suppose a miller conducts
a business to the amount of §25,000, and that
is S pretty large business: you deduct the
$5,000; and what is his tax? Forty dollars on
a mill the actual production of which is §25,000.
Why, sir, it is a perfectly insignificant tax,
scarcely worth naming; and yet it will yield
us about ten million dollars in the aggregate.
Now, Mr. President, I come down to the
whisky tax. I regret, I am frank to say so,
that the House put on this bill this provision
in relation to whisky. I would have preferred
that they had not done so ; but let me say, in
justice to the House of Representatives, that
they did not put it on without the earnest de-
mand and desire of the proper officers of in-
ternal revenue; aud that was made known to
me as well as to the House. My friend from
Maine [Mr. Fessenden] criticised some re-
mark which he said was made by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means of the
House. I have nothing to say in defense of
such a remark as that, if he correctly reports
it. I think the chairman of that committee
will find he has a " hard road to travel'' before
he gets through with revising the internal rev-
enue laws, if, indeed, such a remark was made.
But this section cannot be charged to any par-
ticular member of the House nor to the House
itself. It is the amendment of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, urged upon both
the House and the Senate day by day; and
why? The Commissioner says he is now ut-
terly powerless to collect the tax on whisky ;
that the distilleries are running in open defi-
ance of law in all the large cities of the Union ;
not in the country, because there he can con-
trol and watch them ; but in all the large cities
of the Union they are conducting this business
in open defiance of law. The distillers are
carrying on their distilleries and selling the
whisky at one half, or a little over, of the tax
levied upon it. How it is done we do not
know. There is fraud somewhere. We know
that no honest man will run a distillery and
pay the tax of two dollars a gallon and sell it
at a dollar and a half. It is utterly impossible.
The man who would do that is either a fool or
a lunatic, or he is a cheat. The very fact that
he is willing to manufacture and go on daf by
day to manufacture whisky when lie knows he
cannot sell it in the market for more than one
half the net cost to him is evidence that he
expects to make up that difference bv fraud.
Now, I say, when you take that palpable fact
and show that to have existed for ten days
consecutively there you have plain and palpa-
ble evidence of fraud, of an attempt To defraud
the law ; and upon that fact you ought to close
his distillery.
What harm can result if this amendment is
fidopted?_ The distilleries will be suspended
for a time in certain districts ill the cities. I do
not think it will interfere with my friend from
Kentucky, who is anxious abont'his Bourbon
whisky, for that sellsnowin the market at three
four, and five dollars in some cu^es—from two
to five dollars a gallon. It will not ;nf->ct
the small distilleries scattered through p:T-
I tionsof Pennsylvania and Ohio. Most of them
have been wound up on account of the coume-
tiuon of fraudulent Whisky. There aie scarcely
any ot them going, ft will operate mainly in
the cities, and enable the Commissioner" of
Internal Revenue to seize and close the distiP-
enes there. Suppose he does it; what harm
is done ! 1 he result is that it stops the manu-
facture of wh'sl.y for a time ; it suspends the
operation of the law for a time, at a season
of the year when n may be done, when ther"
are no hogs to fatten, no corn to feed them
when the ordinary operations of the distilleries
are suspended as a matter of course ; at a time
when they aie usually cleaned out. Mv friend
fcSfci SUPP°Se'
w on Id not Sop \ hem]' Notmuch; ^ that
about uow':ilMAN- Tl'ey de8iS° t0
