THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
jticular case, raises the difficulties which I have
indicated here, arising out of the fact that this
law does not pursue either of the opinions
which were originally held in this Govern-
ment, and have occasionally been started and
maintained by those who are restless under its
administration; an opinion thus supported by
the practice of the Government/from its origin
down to his own day, is lie to be impeached
for holding that opinion? If not, if he might
honestly and properly form such an opinion
under the lights which he had, and with the
aid of the advice which we shall show you lie
received, then is he to be impeached for acting
upon it to the extent of obtaining a judicial
decision whether the executive department of
the Government was right in its opinion, or the
legislative department was right in its opinion?
Strangely enough, as it struck me, the honor-
able Slanagers themselves say, " No ; he is not
to be impeached for that." I beg leave to
read a passage from the argument of the honor-
able Manager by whom the prosecution was
opened:
" If the President had really desired solely to test
the constitutionality of the law or In.- legal right to
remove Mr. Stanton, instead of his defiant message
to the Senate of the Pistol February, informing: them
of thoremova.1, but notsuggesting this purpose, which
is thus shown to be an afterthought, he would have
said, in substance: 'Gentlemenot the Senate, in order
to test the constitutionality ot the law en titled "An act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices," which
I verily believe to bo unconstitutional and void, I
have issued an order of removal of E. H. Stanton
from the officc of Secretary of the Ilepartment of
War. I felt myself constrained to malce this removal
lest Mr. Stanton should answer the information in
the nature of a quo warranto, which I intend the
Attorney General shall file at an early day, bysaying
that he holds the office of Secretary of War by the
appointment and authority of Mr. Lincoln, which
lias never been revoked. Anxious that there shall
be no collision or disagreement between the several
departments <>f the Government and the Executive,
I lay before the Senate this message, that thereasons
for iny action, at? well as the action itsell, for the pur-
pose indicated, may meet your concurrence.' "
Thus far are marks of quotation showing the
communication which the President should
liave obtained from the honorable Manager and
sent to the Senate in order to make this matter
exactly right. Then follows this :
"Had the Senate received such a message the Rep-
resentatives of the people might never have deemed
it necessary to impeach the President for such an act
to insure the safety of the country, even if they had
denied the accuracy of his legal positions."
So that it seems that it is, after all, not the
removal of Mr. Stanton but the manner in
which the President communicated the fact of
that removal to the Senate after it was made.
That manner is called here the "defiant mes-
sage' ' of the 21st of February. That is a ques-
tion of taste. I have read the message as you
all have read it. If you can find anything in
it but what is decorous and respectful to this
body and to all concerned your taste will differ
from mine. But whether it be a point of man-
ners well or ill taken, one thing seems to be
quite clear: that the President is not im-
peached here because he entertained an opinion
that this law was unconstitutional; he is not
impeached here because he acted on that opin-
ion and removed Mr. Stanton; but he is im-
peached here because the House of Represent-
atives considers that this honorable body was
addressed by a " defiant message," when they
should have been addressed in the terms which
the honorable Manager has dictated.
I now come, Mr. Chief Justice and Sena-
tors, to another topic connected with this mat-
ter of the removal of Mr. Stanton and the
action of the President under this law. The
honorable Managers take the ground, among
others, that whether upon a true construction
of this tenure-of-offiee act Mr. Stanton be
within it, or even if you should believe that
the President thought the law unconstitu-
tional and had a right, if not trammeled in
some way, to try that question, still by his own
conduct and declarations the'Presideut, as they
phrase it, is estopped. He is not to be per-
mitted hereto assert the true-interpretation of
this law; he is not to be permitted to allege
that his purpose was to raise a question con-
cerning its constitutionality; and the reason is
Supplement—9.
that lie has done and said certain things. All
of us who have read law books know that there
is in the common law a doctrine called rules
of estoppel, founded, undoubtedly, on good
reason, although, as they are called from the
time of Lord Coke, or even earlier, clown to
the present day, odious, because they shut out
the truth. Nevertheless there are circum-
stances when it is proper that the truth should
be shut nut. What are the circumstances?
They are where a question of private right is
involved, where on a matter of fact that pri-
vate right depends, and where one of the
parties to the controversy has so conducted
himself that he ought not in good conscience
to be allowed either to assert or deny that mat-
ter of fact.
But did any one ever hear of an estoppel on
a matter of law? Did any one ever hear that
a party had put himself into such a condition
that when he came into a court of justice even
to claim a private right, he could not ask the
judge correctly to construe a statute, and insist
on the construction when it was arrived at in
his favor? Did anybody ever hear, last of all,
that a man was convicted of crime by reason
of an estoppel under any system of law that
ever prevailed in any civilized State? That
the President of the United States should be
impcached and removed from office, not by
reason of the truth of his case, but because he
is estopped from telling it, would be a specta-
cle for gods and men. Undoubtedly it would
have a place in history, which it is not neces-
sary for me to attempt to foreshadow.
There is no matter of fact here. They have
themselves put in Mr. Stanton's commission,
which shows the date of the commission and
the terms of the commission: and that is the
whole matter of feet which is involved. The
rest is the construction of the tenure of the
tenure-of-oflice act and the application of it to
the ease, which they have thus made them-
selves ; and also the construction of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and the abstract
public question whether that has lodged the
power of removal with the President alone, or
with the President and Senate, or left it to
Congress. I respectfully submit, therefore,
that the ground is untenable that there can be
an estoppel by any conduct of the President,
who comes here to assert not a private right,
but a great public right confided to the oilice
by the people, in which, if anybody is estopped,
the people will be estopped. The President
never could do or say anything which would
put this great public right into that extraor-
dinary predicament.
But what.has he done? What are the facts
upon which they rely, out of which to work
this estoppel, as they call it? In the first
place, he sent a message to the Senate on the
12th of December, 1867, in which he informed
the Senate that he had suspended Mr. Stanton
by a certain order, a copy of which he gave;
that he had appointed General Grant to exer-
cise the duties of the office ad interim by a
certain other order, a copy of which he gave ;
and then he entered into a discussion in which
he showed the existence of this question,
whether Mr. Stanton was within the tenure-of-
office bill, the existence of the other question,
whether this was or was not a constitutional
law; and then he ijjvoked the action of the
Senate. There was nothing misrepresented.
There was nothing concealed which he was
bound to state. It is complained of by the
honorable Managers that he did not tell the
Senate that if their action should be such as to
restore Mr. Stanton practically to the posses-
sion of the office he should go to law about it.
That is the complaint: that he did not tell that
to the Senate. It may have been a possible
omission, though I rather think not. I rather
think that that good taste which is so prevalent
among the Managers, and which they so insist
upon here, would hardly dictate that the Presi-
dent should have held out to the Senate some-
thing which might possibly have been construed
into a threat upon that subject. He laid the
case before the Senate for their action; and
now, forsooth, they say he was too deferential
to this law, both by reason of this conduct of
his, and also what he did upon other occasions
to which I shall presently advert.
Senators, there is no inconsistency in the
President's position or conduct in reference to
this matter. Suppose this case: a party who
has a private right in question submits to the
same tribunal in the same proceeding these
questions: first, I deny the constitutionality of
the law under which the right is claimed
against me; second, I assert that the true
interpretation of that law will not affect this
right which is claimed against me; third, 1
insist that, even if it is within the law, I make
a case within the law—is there any inconsist-
ency in that? Is not that done every day, or
something analogous to it, in courts of justice?
And where was the inconsistency on this occa-
sion? Suppose the President had summed up
the message which ho sent to the Senate in this
way: "Gentlemen of the Senate, I insist, in
the first place, that this law is unconstitutional;
I insist, in the second place, that Mr. Stanton
is not within it; I respectfully submit for your
consideration whether, if it be a constitutional
law and Mr. Stanton's case be within it, the facts
which I present to you do not make such a case
that you will not advise me to receive him back
into office." Suppose he had summed up in that
way, would there have been any inconsistency
then? And why is not the substance of that
found in this message? Here it is pointed out
that the question existed whether the law was
unconstitutional; here it is pointed out that
the question existed whether Mr. Stanton was
within the law; and then the President goes
on to submit for the consideration of the Sen-
ate, whom he had reason to believe, and did
believe, thought the law was constitutional,
though he had no reason to believe that they
thought Mr. Stanton was within the law, the
facts to be acted upon within the law, if the
case was there. It seems the President has not
only been thus anxious to avoid a collision with
this law; he has not only on this occasion taken
this means to avoid it, but it seems that he has
actually in some particulars obeyed the law;
he has made changes in the commissions, or
rather they have been made in the departments,
and, as he has signed the commissions, I sup-
pose they must bo taken, although his atten-
tion does not appear to have been called to the
subject at all, to have been made with his sanc-
tion, just so far, and because he sanctions that
which is done by his Secretaries, if he does
not interfere actively to prevent it.
He has done not merely this, but he has also
in several cases—four cases, three collectors
and one consul, I think they are—sent into
the Senate notice of suspension, notice that he
had acted under this law and suspended these
officers. This objection proceeds upon an en-
tire misapprehension of'the position of the
President and of the views which he has of his
own duty. It assumes that because, when the
emergency comes, as it did come in the case
of Mr. Stanton, when he must act or_ else
abandon a power which he finds in the partic-
ular instance it is necessary for him to insist
upon in order to carry on the Government;
that because he holds that opinion, he must
run a muck against the law, arid talie every
possible opportunity to give it a, blow, if Me
can. He holds no such opinion.
So long as it is a question of administrative
duty merely he holds that h6 is bound to obey
the law. It is only when the emergency arises,
when the question is put to him so that he must
answer it, " Can you carry 011 this department
of the Government any longer in this way?"
" No." "Have you power to carry it on as the
public service demands?" "Ibelieve I have."
Then comes the question how he shall act. But
whether a consul is to be suspended or reindved,
whether a defaulting collector is to be suspended
or removed, does not involve thei execution of
the great powers of the Government. . It may
be carried on; he may be of opinion with less
advantage ; he may be of opini&n not inJ ac'cord-
ance with the requirements of the Constitution,
