1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I offer this amendment, in obedience to in-
structions from my constituents, a large num-
ber of whom have petitioned for an appropria-
tion to increase the capacity of that canal.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I believe that canal is
owned by a company, which was very richly
endowed by the United States before the canal
was built. The United States gave them a very
large quantity of land, out of which, 1 believe,
they have made large fortunes. And I believe
they charge fees for transportation over this
canal.
Mr. UPSON. I desire to correct the gentle-
man. This canal is not owned by a company,
and no fees are charged, except what are neces-
sary to keep it in repair. The lands donated
by the Government were all given to secure
the building of the canal.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] that
I was one of the unfortunate persons who was
engaged in building this canal, and I can assure
him that no money was made out of it. I
desire to say, however, that it was the best
operation of a public character that the United
States ever entered into. The gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Driggs] has heretofore given
to this House the facts in regard to that matter.
The canal is now owned by the State of Michi-
gan. No company has anything to do with it.
It, is the property of the State, and they levy
toll enough to keep the canal in repair. That
is the present condition of things. I hope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will be ready at
the proper time with the appropriate legislation
to afford that canal the relief to which it is en-
titled in consequence of the expenses of this
public work over the receipts.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I judge from the charac-
ter of the gentleman and his associates that
they would not embark in a bad speculation.
Mr. PRUZN. The gentleman has been
misinformed this time.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, I am familiar
with the facts in relation to this work. There
was granted a large quantity of public land to
the State of Michigan for the building of this
canal. The State under the authority of the
act of Congress created a company. The State
itself has no interest in the work itself. It is
the trustee for the Government of the United
States. It has no right to levy any toll or to
acquire any money whatever, any revenue from
this work, except for the purpose of keeping
it in repair and paying expenses of keeping it
up. It was limited to that.
I will say further that the State of Michigan
has borrowed itself the sum of $100,000, which
had t,o he laid out on this canal in addition to
the appropriations made by the General Gov-
ernment to keep up this work. That is all the
interest the State has in it.
I will add that the State of Michigan has no
greater interest in this work than at least five
or six other States which do business through
it. It is a great national highway and needs
improvement whether this is appropriated or
not. The State of Michigan is simply the
trustee for the Government. The company
which made this work used up all the lands for
that purpose.
Mr. DRIGGS. I move to make it $45,000.
I hold in my hand a proposition for surveys
and estimates preparatory to a report on this
subject at the next session of Congress. I
have had sent to me fifteen or twenty petitions
covering nearly all the shipping interests of
the lakes, of the porta in my own State and of
other States interested in keeping up this work,
and these petitions I have referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. That committee has
reported the appropriations in this bill. I
propose to offer an amendment to them.
The SPEAKER. It is not relevant.
Mr. RANDALL. As it is manifest we can-
not finish this bill this afternoon, I move that
we adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania to with-
draw the motion to adjourn until the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Delano] can move his sub-
stitute for the bill which will test the sense of
the House on this question.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. DRIGGS. The amendment I wish to
propose is as follows:
Provided, That in addition to the foregoing sur-
veys and estimates, the Secretary of War be, and
hereby is, directed to cause surveys and estimates to
be made for deepening and increasing the capacity
of Sault Ste. Mario's slnp-canal, in the State of
Michigan.
Mr. DELANO. I now propose a substitute
for the bill.
The SPEAKER. That must be reserved
until the bill has been gone through.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will withdraw my amend-
ment for the present.
_ Mr. DELANO. I move to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Commerce, with
instructions to report the substitute which I
send to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. ELIOT. I hope the House will allow
me to be heard upon it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be
entitled to five minutes in opposition to the
motion.
The substitute of Mr. Delano was read, as
follows:
Strike out nil after tlie enacting clause and insert:
jLhat the following sums of money are hereby
appropriated, to be paid out ot any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, under the
direction of the Secretary of War, for the repair and
preservation of certain harbors and works already
commenced, and for the improvement of certain
rivers ; that is to say:
For the improvement of harbors on our northern
lakes and tor the St. Olair ilats, 4500,000.
.For the improvement of cuast harbors, $150,000.
For the improvement of rivers, including J)es
Moines, Kock Island rapids, and Hell Gate, on East
liver, W isconsin and X'atapsco rivers, at the discre-
tion of the Secretary of War. $1,300,000.
For the purpose of completing reports, maps, and
diagrams on bridges on the Mississippi river, ijh.ooo,
and for purchase and repair of instruments, yl,000,
and for the purpose of a survey for deepening the
sliip-canal at Sault Se Mane, 61,000.
And be it further enacted. That all work done under
the authority of this aet shall be performed under
contracts made by the Secretary of War, who shall
prescribe suitable rules for the issuing of proposals
for materials or labor, having regard to the most
effective use of moneys appropriated: Prmided,
That separate proposals and contracts shall bo re-
quired in all cases when the same can be, in the
judgment of the Secretary, judiciously and properly
made.
Mr. JENCKES. Does the Chairdecide that
this motion is in order before the bill is per-
fected?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so rules. This
is a motion to recommit with instructions. The
bill is being acted upon in the House as in
Committee of the Whole, with the Speaker in
the chair. It is being considered section by
section under the rule allowing five minutes
to debate pro and con. on amendments. If that
limitation had not been adopted, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] might
have demanded the previous question on the
bill without considering it by clauses, allowing
only one amendment and an amendment to the
amendment. But as the rule in regard to
amendments and debate in Committee of the
Whole has been adopted by order of the House
it is in order to move to recommit at any stage
as it would also be to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Will the gentleman yield
toallowme to offer an amenment to the instruc-
tions?
Mr. DELANO. I cannot yield. I desire
to state that the substitute which I offer appro-
priates $2,000,000. It may vary a little from
that amount. It appropriates for improve-
ments of harbora on our northern lakes, at the
discretion of the Secretary of War, without
identifying or naming the places, $500,000,
and for the improvement of rivers and harbors,
especially naming the Des Moines rapids as
among them, to betaken into consideration by
the Secretary of War, $1,300,000. But I de-
sire it to be understood thatall these appropria-
tions are left subject to the discretion of the
Department.
in submitting this proposition we do just
what Congress did during the prosecution of
the war when they felt it was necessary that
something should be done to preserve improve-
ments in progress, and that all could not be
done that might be necessary to s'atisfy the
wishes of all parts of the country. The policy
of making limited appropriations for the pres-
ervation of works in progress was adopted
because the finances of the country demanded
it and the condition of things required it. 1
propose to continue that policy now instead of
entering upon this new policy proposed by the
Committee on Commerce, and I do it for the
reasons I have already suggested to the House.
1 his nation is like a strong man who has been
engaged in a conflict demanding all his re-
sources, has passed through it and needs rest
and repose; not inactivity, not total inaction,
but recuperation. While we are drawing our
breath to recover we propose to preserve such
woiks as are in progress and make an appro-
priation of ยง2,000,000 for that purpose.
But I have not time to press the considera-
tions in favor of this substitute. I desire the
House to consider whether it is not better to
take this policy now, and continue it till the
nation has recovered its financial vitality and
energy, so as to justify the entering upon a the-
ory or practice of general improvements of our
rivers and harbors. Now, sir, more I could
say ; but it is only the leading ideas that I
wished to present to the House, and therefore
I will say no more.
Mr. ELIOT. This is a most remarkable
proposition. The Committee on Commerce,
under the instructions of the House, have been
engaged pretty earnestly and conscientiously
for some months in preparing this bill. The
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washbuiwe.]
the chairman of the committee, when the
report was made, submitted au amendment in
the nature of a substitute, which has been
printed. We have it before us. To-day the
House has been discussing the various provis-
ions reported by the committee, and now the
gentleman from Ohio  
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order.
I desire to know whether the gentleman has a
right to adopt the speech which I made yester-
day about months of hard labor and conscien-
tious application to duty as reasons why his
bill should prevail. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. He certainly has. Any
gentleman has aright to adopt the remarks of
another.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well, sir.
Mr. ELIOT. If I remember aright, I had
heard that same speech from the gentleman
before yesterday and on occasions when the
House did pretty much the same thing as they
did yesterday. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, the House understands
this matter pretty well. 1 have these two great
objections to make to this unprinted amend-
ment, which is sprung upon the House with
the concurrence of my 1'riend from Illinois,
[Mr. Washbuune,] who had his substitute
printed for the purpose of taking, it may be,
strength from the bill reported by the committee.
I have this to say concerning the unprinted
bill. It appropriates $2,000,000 and turns
that sum over very kindly to whoever may be
Secretary of War to dispose of about as he
shall think advisable; whether regularly in
ofiicc or ad interim, is of no consequence ; he
is to have the whole control of the disposition
of this money, expending it here or expending
it there, in this amount and in that amount, as
his judgment shall dictate. The gentleman
from Ohio distinctly, by his bill, gives the power
to the Secretary of War. If he chooses to take
the advice of the chief engineer he may do so.
If he chooses to apply the money according to
his own discretion, he may do so.
Then, too, there is a provision in this un-
printed bill that all the work shall be done by
contract, which, as it stands in the bill, is not
only a vicious provision, but one that has been
found to be hurtful to the public interests ever
since it was first reported in a river and harbor
bill two years ago. The difficulties of the sys-
tem have been insuperable, and in the hill
