4236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
Congress, and the people be deprived of their
right under the Constitution to choose a Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States.
If Congress were to provide by law that the
votes of none of the States should be received
and counted if east for a candidate who differed
in political sentiment with a majority of the
two Houses, such legislation would at once be
condemned by the country as an unconstitu-
tional and revolutionary usurpation of power.
It would, however, be exceedingly difficult to
find in the Constitution any more authority
for the passage of the joint resolution under
consideration than for an enactment looking
directly to the rejection of all votes not in
accordance with the political preferences of a
majority of Congress. No power exists in the
Constitution authorizing the joint resolution or
the supposed law, the only difference being
that one would be more palpably unconstitu-
tional and revolutionary than the other. Both
would rest upon the radical error that Congress
has the power to prescribe terms and condi-
tions to the right of the people of the States to
cast their votes for President and Vice Presi-
dent.
For the reasons thus indicated, I am con-
strained to return the joint resolution to the
Senate for such further action thereon as Con-
gress may deem necessary.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, July 20, 1868.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 139) was read
as follows:
Resolved, &c„ That none of the States whose
inhabitants were lately in rebellion shall be entitled
to representation in the Electoral College for the
choice of President or Vice President of the United
States, nor shall any electoral votes bo received or
counted from any of such States, unless at tho time
prescribed by law for the choice of electors tho peo-
ple of such States, pursuant to the acts of Confess in
that behalf, shall have, since the 4th day of March,
1867, adopted a constitution of Stato government
under which a State government shall have been
oiganized and shall be in operation, nor unless such
election of electors shall have been held under the
authority of such constitution and government, and
such State shall have also become entitled to repre-
sentation in Congress, pursuant to tho acts of Con-
gress in that behalf: Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall be construed to apply to any State
which was represented in Congress on the 4th day of
March, 1867.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the joint resolution,
the objections of the President of the United
States to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I do not rise
to consume time. I have listened as well as I
could at this distance from the desk to the
reasoning of that message, and I believe that it
is perfectly conclusive. I think that the mes-
sage is one of a great deal of logical power and
of truth in its interpretation of the Constitution.
I do not doubt that the time will come when
most of the gentlemen who will vote on the
present occasion to overrule the President's
veto and to pass this joint resolution against his
veto will themselves subscribe to the truth of
this message.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not
propose to detain the Senate but a moment. I
regard this as one of the most incendiary docu-
ments that have ever emanated from the source
whence it came. It is in its purpose as well
as its tone and style a direct and open declara-
tion that the governments which have been
established in the insurrectionary States under
the reconstruction acts are utterly illegal-and
void, and that no votes given for President and
Vice President in those States under those
governments ought to be counted as legally
given for those offices.
But I have one word of praise to utter in
reference to this document. It is completely
frank, open, perspicuous, and clear. It throws
down the glove distinctly to the Republican
party of this country upon the issue of the con-
stitutionality and legality of the reconstructed
governments of the Tate insurrectionary States.
Eor one humble member of the Republican
party I announce my readiness to meet this
issue, and I pick up the glove and we will go
to the people next November upon the issue
whether these governments shall exist_ or
whether they shall be destroyed by revolution-
ary means. Let the issue come, sir; it is
welcome.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron, Cat-
teli, Chandler,Cole, Colliding, t onness, Corbett.Cra-
gin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Pet-'cnden, Frelmg-
huysen, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe,
Kellogg, McDonald. Morgan, Morrill ot Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nve, Osborn, Patterson
of New Hampshire. Poineroy. Rice, Ross, Sherman,
Spraguc, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, van
Winkle, Wade, Weleli, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
"ST ~45 
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Doolittle, Hend-
ricks. McCreery, Patterson of Tennessee, Vickers,
and Whyte—8. .
ABSENT—Messrs.Bayard, Dixon, Fowler, Grimes,
Norton, Pool, Ramsey, Saulsbury and Thayer—9.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the yeas are 45 and the nays are 8.
Two thirds of the Senators present having
voted in the affirmative, the joint resolution is
passed, notwithstanding the objections of the
President.
A message was afterward received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. McPheusox,
its Clerk, announcing that the House having
proceeded, in conformity with the Constitu-
tion, to reconsider the joint resolution entitled
"A resolution excluding from tho Electoral
College votes of States lately in rebellion which
shall not have been reorganized," returned to
the Senate by the President of the United
States with his objections, and sent by the
Senate to the House of Representatives with
the message of the President returning the
resolution, and the proceedings of the Senate
thereon, had
Resolved, That the resolution do pass, two thirds
of tho House of Representatives agreeing to pass the
same.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of tho Senate be
directed to present to the Secretary of Stato the en-
rolled resolution entitled "A resolution excluding
from tho Electoral College votes of States lately in
rebellion which shall not have been reorganized,"
togetherwlththe certificates of the Secretaryof the
Senate and Clerk of the House of Representatives,
showing that tho said resolution was passed by a
vote ot two thirds of both Houses of Congress after
tho same had been returned to the Senate by the
President with his objections, and after the reconsid-
eration of said resolution by both Houses of Congress
in accordance with the Constitution.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (II. R. No. 1439) authorizing the
remission of penalties in certain cases ; and
A joint resolution (H. Ii. No. 354) admitting
steam plows free of duty for one year from
June 30, 18G8.
affairs in texas.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
letter of the president of the constitutional
convention of Texas, communicating the report
of a special committee on lawlessness and vio-
lence in that State ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1-139) authorizing the
remission of penalties in certain cases was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 354) admit-
ting steam plows free of duty for one year from
June 30, 18G8, was read twice by its t'tle, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with aresolution
of the Senate of the 9th instant, information in
relation to the discovery, occupation, and char-
acter of the Midway islands in the Pacific ocean;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
fourteenth constitutional amendment.
He also laid before the Senate the following
messages from the President of the United
States:
To ike Senate of the United States:
I transmit to tlie Senate, in compliance with its
resolution of the 9th instant, a report from the Sec-
retary of State, communicating a copy of a paper re-
ceived by him to-day, purporting to be a resolution,
ratifying on the part of the State of Louisiana the
proposed amendment to the Constitution of the Uai-
ted States known as article^onrteem J0HNg0^
Washington, July 17,1868.
To the Senate of the United States :
X transmit to the Senate, in compliance with its
resolution of the 9tli instant, a report from the Sec-
retary of State, communicating a copy of a paper re-
ceived by me on the 18th instant, purporting to be a
resolution of theSenate and House ^'Representatives
of the State of South Carolina, ratifying the proposed
.amendment to the Constitution oi the United btates
known as article fourteen. ASrJJMW. JOHNgOJT.
Washington, July IS, 1868.
The messages were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
rights of american citizens abroad.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 768) concerning the rights of Amer-
ican citizens in foreign States is before the
Senate.
Mr. STEWART. It seems to me that the
meaning of this bill has been misapprehended,
or it has been argued on a hypothesis that gives
it a different meaning from what it really has.
The first section declares the general doctrine
of the right of expatriation. The second sec-
tion declares that naturalized citizens shall be
protected in foreign countries by the Govern-
ment of the United States in the same manner
that native-born citizens are. The third sec-
tion declares that if, in contravention of the
intent and meaning of the first and second
propositions, a foreign Government shall detain
a citizen, a certain remedy shall be applied. It
is said that that leaves in the President the
absolute power of peace and war. It leaves in
the President no power to apply the remedy,
as I understand the bill, except in a given case;
and that is where the Government detaining
the American citizen sets up a right to do so,
because it has some claims upon his allegiance,
because it sets up a right to do to him that
which it would not do to a native-born citizen
of the United States, because it makes a dis-
tinction between him and one of our native-
born citizens, and denies our right to treat him
as we would treat a native-born citizen, or to
protect him as we would a native-born citizen.
That presents a simple question, and it is
this : does the Government of Great Britain,
for example, claim to hold a citizen of the
United States because he was once a subject
of Great Britain? If so, in vindication of our
claim that we have a right to protect our cit-
izens everywhere, the President may do what
the bill provides. It is no vague investigation
that is here provided for to suppose that is
doing great injustice to the bill passed by the
House of Representatives; and I think the
discussion has gone on a wrong hypothesis.
The President can only act when the simple
question is presented to him whether Great
Britain will respect the citizenship of persons
naturalized in the United States who were oace
subjects of Great Britain : whether they will
respect, or whether they will deny our claim
that they are entitled to the same rights as our
native-born citizens. When that case is pre-
sented, the President of the United States is to
be at liberty to suspend commercial relations,
and if there is no other redress to make repri-
sals. This is simply a declaration that we
mean to vindicate the right of an American
who is naturalized.
I think if there is anything, revolting to
every sentiment of justice and honor it is the
claim of a Government upon any human being
who desires to leave it and become a citizen of
another countx-y. That claim of a vested right iff
