2188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2S,
vision of S, report of a committee of confer-
ence disconnected from the whole report; but
you have to vote upon it as an entirety; and in
this way the benefit of discussion, and espe-
cially the privilege of a separate and distinct
vote, is denied to the Senate; and that, I main-
tain, is a sufficient ground for the rejection of
this report.
Bat, Mr. President, it seems to me that there
is a plain, practical principle upon which all
the legislation of Congress in relation to the
tax upon whisky might have proceeded, and
which has beea violated by the system as long
as it has been in operation. It seems to me
further that the experiences of the present
mode of levying and collecting taxes ought to
have induced the abandonment of the princi-
ple upon which this legislation has proceeded
long since. That principle is to impose the
tax upon the amount of whisky that is distilled
of a particular proof, and to have a very com-
j>lieated and difficult system of assessing and
collecting the revenue, and numerous officers
lo discharge those duties. I suggest to the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, in my judgment, a simple principle by
which this complexity and difficulty of the sys-
tem and its liability to fraud and evasions may
bo obviated. The capacity of every distillery
can be computed with almost mathematical
certainty. Slen who are experienced distillers
require but a few days of experiment to com-
pute, with almost perfect exactness, the capa-
city of every distillery, be it a steain distillery
ora copper distillery. If that position be true
it furnishes a simple rule by which the whole
system of taxation might be imposed. _ Impose
a tax upon the distillery according to its capa-
city to produce liquor, and require the distiller
to pay it.
If that system was resorted to it would be
almost impossible to perpetrate frauds by the
distillers; and it would greatly simplify the
system, lessen the number of officers to carry
it into execution, and, of course, decrease
their salaries in the aggregate and greatly
diminish the opportunities for fraud and eva-
sion. It would require, in truth, but two offi-
cers—an assessor and a collector. One officer
would go to a distillery ; he would compute its
capacity, and the tax would be assessed, if you
please, payable weekly, or daily, or at any
short period that should comport most with the
certainty of collecting the revenue. I do not
see any objection whatever to the adoption of
that, principle.
Mr. President, in my section of the country
there are a great many distilleries. With the
exception of three or four large establishments,
they are generally engaged in what is called the
copper distillation of whisky. They make the
very best article that can be made. They fear
no fair competition ; but they are undersold in
the market; and by whom are they undersold ?
By the distillers, or the purchasers of whisky
that is distilled without the payment of tax.
The distillers in Kentucky desire, if this sys-
tem is to be continued, that the rate of taxa-
tion shall be inexorably collected from every
distiller. They are willing to cooperate ; they
are willing to give their consent to any system
of taxation that will certainly and infallibly
collect the tax from the manufacturer of the
article. It is the fact that other manufacturers
of whisky evade the payment of the tax, and
by that means carry their article into market
and undersell those who honestly and fairly
pay the tax upon the whisky, to which the dis-
tillers of Kentucky take the most exception,
and which is, in truth, the great danger that
they have to encounter in the manufacture of
whisky.
But the honorable Senator from Ohio stated
distinctly a few days ago that the object of the
present system was to suppress small distill-
eries wholly; that in a very short time the dis-
tillation of whisky would be in a few hands.
I think he stated that the number of big distill-
eries now was only about fourteen, and that
this system of having meters to test the proof
of the whisky, some of which cost $2,000,
would soon drive the small distillers entirely
from the business, and would monopolize it
in the hands of a few large manufacturers.
That system ought not to be encouraged;_ it
ought not to receive any favor. I agree with
the honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hend-
ricks] that the revenue system of the United
States ought not to be founded upon any such
principle as that. Instead of seeking to sup-
press all over the country, not only in small
but in moderate establishments, the manufac-
ture of the article wholly, and causing it_ to
be manufactured by a few wholesale manufac-
turers, in whose distilleries frauds take place
so extensively as to defraud the revenue of
about three fourths of the amount that should
be collected from the tax; if Senators would
adopt a system that would distribute the man-
ufacture of this article over the whole country
and confine it to men whose distilleries had
a capacity of one or two or three or four or
five barrels a day, instead of producing a
monopoly for the big distilleries that make
from fifty to one hundred barrels a day, there
would be an infinitely less amount offraud; you
would receive more revenue, and you would
have a greatly superior article of manufacture.
Men will drink whisky ; there is no way of try-
ing to prevent it; and Congress ought not to
legislate so as to impose upon them a poison
instead of the pure article. If those who use
whisky were poisoned, in a lew days or in
few months this great and fruitful product of
revenue would entirely cease to be manufac-
tured. If you want to increase the manufacture
of whisky or to keep it up at its present amount,
you must keep up the number of consumers.
The number of consumers would be perpet-
uated by the wholesomeness and salubrity of
the article, not by its being merely red-head,
rot-gut, or anything of that kind. The honor-
able Senator from Oregon, I presume, even to
sell the stock which the_ Government has in
bond, would hardly be willing that that stock
should bo of the qualities to which 1 have made
reference, because it would kill the consumers,
or at least a large portion of them, and would
reduce the capacity to use the article. There
is no manner of doubt about that.
But the honorable Senator from Indiana
struck the true principle. Thistax is so enor-
mous, so unjust, and so oppressive that no man
feels that it is turpitude to evade its payment
if he can. When legislation becomes unjust
and oppressive, and when it assumes the prin-
ciple of putting down all fair competition and
of securing monopolies to largo manufacturers,
and in that way does injustice to a vast num-
ber of the community, the people lose their
sympathy and respect for sueh a system ; and,
instead of feeling that they are subjecting
themselves to any dishonor or to any turpitude
by evading the payment of such taxes, they
feel that they have a right to defeat the imposi-
tion of'such taxes upon them by any mode that
they can make successful. It is, then, only by
the punishment of frauds upon the revenue
and by making them degraded and infamous
thatyou can create a personal motive with men
to abstain from an evasion of the payment, of
the tax. There is no greater truth than this;
and it is proved by all experience that where
taxation is enormous and excessive you mul-
tiply the propensity and the inventions for the
evasion of that taxation.
If you want your revenue collected fairly,
with facility, and without fraud, you must re-
duce the tax to a reasonable amount. You
must make it just, according to the sentiment
of the country. You must not legislate with a
view to suppress a particular business by one
class of manufacturers, and throw it as a mo-
nopoly into the hands of a few others. You
must have an equal, fair, and just system of
taxation, and to have such a system as that
you must do away with your costly_ meters,
which a distillery of the capacity of two or
three barrels a day cannot affordfto pay for.
You must have a simple system ; and that sim-
plicity can be secured, according to my belief
and what little knowledge I have of the subject,
by imposing a tax upon the capacity of each
distillery without regard to the quantity or
proof of the liquor that is made. Ascertain
how much each distillery has the capacity to
produce, send an assessor there to assess it
according to its capacity, and then send your
collector and collect the tax according to its
ca^ly fnend from Missouri [Mr. Henderson]
has 'furnished me with the gross amount of
whisky tax collected in five years. In 1863 it
amounted to $3,229,997. The tax then was
but twenty cents a gallon, find only for a short
period of the year. _ In 1864 it was raised to
fiftv cents, and I believe for a part of the year
it was a dollar. I do not recollect certainly
whether the dollar tax went into operation
during any part of the year 1864 or not; but in
that year, when the average tax was fifty cents
or less, the aggregate amount collected was
$28,231,997.
Mr. HENDKICKS. At what rate of tax
was that?
Mr. DAVIS. Twenty cents, fifty cents, and
perhaps a dollar for a part of the year 1864;
but if so, only for a small fraction of that year.
I have 110 doubt, without having made an esti-
mate, that the average rate of tax levied upon
whisky in 1804 was under seventy-five cents, at
any late; and yet, the gross product of the tax
was upward of twenty-eight million dollars.
In 1807 it was something over twenty-eight
million dollars ; about two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars more than it was in the year
1804. In 1807 wo were under the two dollar
tax system. It was estimated upon the best
information that in 1867 there were about ninety
million gallons made. The amount of tax
was only a little over twenty-eight million dol-
lars ; a tax upon only fourteen million gal-
lons and a fraction of whisky. There were five
times as much whisky made in that year as
paid any tax. This is the grievance, and the
point of the grievance of my constituency who
are interested in the manufacture of whisky.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let me ask the Senator
who makes that estimate that ninety million
gallons were produced in 1867?
Mr. DAVIS. It was made by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, was it not?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. By the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue and the Special Commissioner
of Revenue, both.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not believe myself
the production was more than half of that.
Mr. DAVIS. I was struck by a remark
of the honorable Senator from Indiana. He
spoke of the decrease in the manufacture of
whisky in Indiana. Now, it occurred to me,
and I believe it to be true, that the decrease
was not in the aggregate product of the article ;
there was only a change in the section of
country that produced it. The number of dis-
tilleries has greatly increased in some of the
cities, especially in New York aud Brooklyn.
The whisky that was formerly manufactured
in Indiana, and a portion of it in Kentucky, that
was the pure and genuine article, was dimin-
ished in its manufacture there, to be transferred
to the greater production of the distilleries of
the cities where the inferior and adulterated
article is produced. I believe, from everything
i- -7,e that there was as much whisky
distilled in 1867 in the United States as there
was in 1800; but it was made indifferent local-
ities; it wasadifferent, inferior, and pernicious
article; ana instead of paying a tax upon all
taat was made, there was not a tax levied upon
more than about one iourth or one fifth of the
quantity that was made. 1 believe that if the
rate ot taxation had been fifty cents, and it
had been collectable from the distiller at his
place ot manufacture, there would have been
something like double the amount of revenue
produced from whisky last year that was col-
lected and paid into the Treasury.
I cannot doubt, myself, 1 do not doubt, that
it is a perfectly easy and accurate mode of lew
mg a tax upon whisky to tax the capacity of
every distillery; aud whenyou have done "that
