130
SUPPLEMENT TO
but it may be carried on without serious embar-
rassment or difficulty. Until that question is
settled he does not find it necessary to make
it—settled in gome way, by some person who
has an interest to raise and have it settled.
I wish to observe, also, (the correctness of
which observation I think the Senate will agree
with) that these changes which have been
made in the forms of the commissions really
have nothing to do with this subject; for
instance, the change is made in the Depart-
ment of State, " subject to the conditions pre-
scribed by law." That is the tenure on which
I think all commissions should originally have
run, and ought to continue to run. It is gen-
eral enough to embrace all. If it is a con-
dition prescribed by law that the Senate must
consent to the removal of the incumbent be-
fore he is rightfully out of office, it covers that
case. If the tenure-of-office bill be not a law
of the land because it is not in accordance with
the Constitution, it covers that case. It covers
every case necessarily from its terms, for every
officer does, and should, and must hold sub-
ject to the conditions prescribed by law—not
necessarily a law of Congress, but a law of the
land—the Constitution being supreme in that
particular.
There is another observation, also, and that
is, that the change that was made in the De-
partment of the Treasury—" until a successor
be appointed and qualified"—has manifestly
nothing whatever to do with the subject of re-
moval. Whether the power of removal be
vested in the President alone, or vested in the
President by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, this clause does not touch it. It
is just as inconsistent with removal by the
President with the consent of the Senate as it
is inconsistent with the removal by the Pres-
ident alone. In other words, it is the general
tenure of the office which is described, accord-
ing to which the officer is to continue to hold;
but he and all other officers hold- subject to
some power of removal vested somewhere, and
this ehange which has been made in the com-
mission does not declare where it is vested,
nor has it any influence on the question in
whom it is vested.
I wish to add to this, that there is nothing,
so far as I see, on this subject of estoppel,
growing out of the action of the President,
either in sending the message to the Senate
of the 12th of December, or in the changes in
the commissions, or in his sending to the Sen-
atenotices of suspensions of different officers,
which has any bearing whatever upon the
tenure-of-office act as affecting the case of Mr.
Stanton. That is a case that stands by itself.
The law may be a constitutional law; it may
not only be a law under which the President
has acted in this instance, but under which he
is bound to act, and is willing to act, if you
please, in every instance; still, if Mr. Stanton
is not within that law, the case remains as it
was originally presented, and that case is, that,
not being within that law, the first article is
entirely without foundation.
I now, Mr. Chief Justice, have arrived at a
point in my argument when, if it be within the
pleasure of the Senate to allow me to suspend
it, it will be a boon to me to do so. I am un-
accustomed to speak in so large a room, and
it is fatiguing to me. Still, I would not tres-
pass at all upon the wishes of the Senate if
they desire me to proceed further.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the court
adjourn until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate. sitting for the trial of the impeachment,
adjourned.
Friday, April 10, 1868.
The Chief Justice of the United States entered
the Senate Chamber at twelve o'clock and took
the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives appeared
and took the seats assigned them.
The counsel for the respondent also appeared
and took their seats.
The presence of the House of Representa-
tives was next announced, and the members
of the House, as in Committee of the Whole,
headed by Mr. E. B. Washburne, the chair-
man of that committee, and accompanied* by
the Speaker and Clerk, entered the Senate
Chamber, and were conducted to the seats pro-
vided for them.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the minutes of the last day's proceed-
ings.
The Secretary read the Journal of yester-
day's proceedings of the Senate sitting for the
trial of the impeachment.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators will please
to give their attention. The counsel for the
President will proceed with the argument.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, among the points which I accidentally
omitted to notice yesterday, was one which
seems to me of sufficient importance to return,
and for a few moments to ask the attention of
the Senate to it. It will best be exhibited by
reading from Saturday's proceedings a short
passage. In the course of those proceedings
Mr. Manager Butler said :
"It will be seen, therefore, Mr. President and Sen-
ators, that the President of tho United States says in
his answer that ho suspended Mr. Stanton under the
Constitution, indefinitely and at his pleasure. 1 pro-
pose, now, unless it be objected to, to show that that
is fals8 under his own hand, and I have his letter to
that effect, wliich, if there is no objection, X will
read, the signature of which was identified by C. E.
Creecy."
Then followed the reading of the letter,
which was this:
Executive Mansion,
"Washington, D. C., August 14, 1867.
Sie: In compliance with the requirements of the
eighth section of the act of Congress of March 2,
1867, entitled "An act regulating the tenure of cer-
tain civil officcs," you are hereby notified thaton the
12th instant Hon. Edwin M. Stanton was suspended
from office as Secretary of War and General Ulysses
S. Grant authorized and ompowed to act as Secre-
tary of AVar ad interim.
I am, sir, very respectfully, yours.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
This is the letter which was to show, under
the hand of the President, that when he said
in his answer he did not suspend Mr. Stanton
by virtue of the tenure-of-ollice act that state-
ment was a falsehood. Allow me now to read
the eighth section of that act:
" That whenever the President shall, without the
advice and consent of tho Senato, designate, author-
ise, or employ any person to perform the duties of
any office ho shall forthwith notify tho Secretary of
the treasury thereof; and it shall be the duty of tho
(secretary of tho Treasury thereupon to communicate
such notice to all the proper accounting and disburs-
ing officers of his Department."
The Senate will perceive that this section
has nothing to do with the suspension of an
officer and no description of what suspensions
are to take place; but the purpose of the sec-
tion is that if in any case the President, with-
out the advice and consent of the Senate, shall,
under any circumstances, designate a third
person to perform temporarily the duties of an
office he is to make a report of that designa-
tion to the Secretary of the Treasury, and that
officer is to give the necessary information of
the event to his subordinate officers. The sec-
tion applies in terms to and includes all cases.
It applies to and includes cases of designation
on account of sickness or absence or resigna-
tion or any cause of vacancy, whether tempo-
rary or permanent, and whether occurring by
reason of a suspension or of a removal from
office. And, therefore, when the President
says to the Secretary of the Treasury, "I give
you notice that I have designated General
Thomas to perform the duties ad interim of
Secretary of War," he makes no allusion, by
force of that letter, to the manner in which
that vacancy has occurred or the authority by
which it has been created ; and hence, instead
of this letter showing, under the President's
own hand, that he had stated a falsehood, it
has no reference to the subject-matter of the
power or the occasion of Mr. Stanton's re-
moval.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Read the second
section, please; the first clause of it.
Mr. CURTIS. What did the Manager call
for?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Read the first
clause of the second section of the act, which
says that in no other case except when he sus-
pends shall he appoint.
Mr. CURTIS. The second section provides:
"That when any officer appointed as aforesaid,
excepting judges of the United States courts, shall,
during a recess of the Senate, bo shown by satisfac-
tory evidence," &c.
The President is allowed to suspend such an
officer. Now, the President states in hi3 an-
swer that he did not act under that section.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is not read-
ing the section. That is not what I desired.
Mr. CURTIS. I am aware that is not read-
ing the section, Mr. Manager. You need not
point that out. It is a very long section, and
I do not propose to read it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The first half a
dozen lines.
Mr. CURTIS. This section authorizes the
President to suspend in eases of crime and
other cases which are described in this section.
By force of it the President may suspend an
officer. This eighth section applies to all cases
of temporary designations and appointments,
whether resulting from suspensions under the
second section, whether arising from tempo-
rary absence or sickness or death or resigna-
tion ; no matter what the cause may be, it for
any reason there is a temporary designation of
a person to supply an office ad interim notice
is to be given to the Secretary of the Treasury;
and therefore I repeat, Senators, that the sub-
ject-matter of this eighth section and the letter
which the President wrote in consequence of
it has no reference to the question under what
authority he suspended Mr. Stanton.
I now ask the attention of the Senate to the
second article in the series; and I will begin
as I began before, by stating what the sub-
stance of this article is, what allegations it
makes, so as to be the subjects of proof, and
then the Senate will be prepared to see how far
each one -of these allegations is supported by
what is already in' the case, and 1 shall be
enabled to state what we propose to offer by
way of proof in respect to each of them. The
substantive allegations of this second article
are that the delivery of the letter of authority
to General Thomas was without authority of
law; that it was an intentional violation of the
tenure-of-office act; that it was an intentional
violation of the Constitution of the United
States; that the delivery of this order to Gen-
eral Thomas was made with intent to violate
both that act and the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. That is the substance of the sec-
ond article. The Senate will at once perceive
that if the suspension of Mr. Stanton was not
a violation of the tenure-of-office act in point
of fact, or, to state it in other terms, if the
case of Mr. Stanton is not within the act,
then his removal, if he had been removed,
could not be a violation of the act.
If his case is not within the act at all, if the
act does not apply to the case of Mr. Stanton,
of course his removal is not a violation of that
act. If Mr. Stanton continued to hold under
the commission which he received from Presi-
dent Lincoln, and his tenure continued to be
under the act of 1789, and under his only coin-
mission, which was at the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, it was no violation of the tenure-of-office
act for Mr. Johnson to remove, or attempt to
remove, Mr. Stanton ; and therefore the Senate
will perceive that it is necessary to coine back
again, to recur under this article, as it will be
necessary to recur under the whole of the first
eight articles, to the inquiries, first, whether Mr.
Stanton's case was within the tenure-of-office
act; and secondly, whether it was so clearly
and plainly within that act that it can be at-
tributed to the President as a high misdemeanor
that he construed it not to include his case.
But suppose the case of Mr. Stanton is within
the tenure-of-office act, still the inquiry arises,
