1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2189
you have so simplified the system and reduced
the number of officers necessary to assess and
collect the tax that there will be little or no
evasion or fraud in. the collection. If you
choose to make it at the rate of two dollars a
gallon, be it so; but have a system that will
collect the revenue equally from the dishonest,
or those who are disposed to be dishonest, as
from those who are honest.
The honorable Senator from Oregon takes
it for granted that every distiller is a knave. I
dissent entirely from that proposition. I know
the distillers in my region of the country, and
they are men of as much truth and rectitude
as the re3t of society. They are not tempted
there to go into frauds as they are in large
establishments. Why ? As I said once before,
in the congressional district in which I live,
with the exception of four or five distilleries,
the whole of them are of moderate capacity,
and are what are called copper distilleries.
There was, in the month of December, if I
recollect aright, about one hundred and forty-
seven thousand dollars of revenue collected
from the distilleries of that district. Much the
largest portion of that revenue was collected
from the numerous small copper distilleries
that exist and operate in that part of the
country. These men are willing, if you will,
to encounter the system of revenue at two dol-
lars the gallon, but they want Congress to im-
pose it so that each gallon of whisky, whether
made by a small or a large distiller, whether
by a steam or copper distillery, shall be re-
quired to pay the tax that is levied upon it.
I do not believe it practicable, I do not be-
lieve it possible to collect that rate of tax off
whisky. If you have any success whatever in
taxing the whole amount that is manufactured,
and in realizing what would be a proper amount
of revenue from the distillation of spiiits, you
must biing down that tax to at least one dollar
per gallon ; and, I think, if you were to biing
it down to half a dollar, and make the distiller
pay it, you would realize the largest amount of
revenue that you can realize from the distilla-
tion of the article.
As to this proposition, that if one man be
dishonest and commits fraud in his distillery,
and sells his product at less than the rate of
tax upon it, his delinquency, his offense against
the law, his moral turpitude, shall work the
same consequences upon honest and innocent
men that it works upon him, it is monstrous.
The principle is utterly revolting. There may
be now in the district represented by Mr. Beck
a fraudulent and dishonest distiller. I have
heard of one or two. He may be selling his
article at less than the rate of tax imposed upon
him; but I know that the most of the men
who are engaged in that business in that dis-
trict are men of integrity; that they are med-
itating no frauds upon the public revenue, that
they are perpetrating none; and, because there
is one dishonest scoundrel living in a com-
munity where there are one hundred other
good men engaged in the same business, that
his delinquency and his crime should put it
into the hands of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue to punish the whole of them by stop-
ping their business and ruining them in their
fortunes, is the most monstrous principle of
legislation that I have ever yet known to be
presented to Congress.
I trust, Mr. President, that the report of the
committee of conference will be voted down
for the benefit of the revenue. I would not
care if all the revenue which the people of
America had to pay was collected off whisky,
if it was practicable ; but, for the benefit of the
revenue, it-seems to me that the present erro-
neous and most unsuccessful system of taxing
whisky should be abandoned, and one more
correct and more simple ought to be adopted ;
and 1 believe it would be to the interest of the
Government and the people that the system
should be regulated by a special law.
Mr. IIOWE. In one respect at least, Mr.
President, I think this Government can prop-
erly be said to resemble the Deity : it is long
suffering and slow to anger. We have been
told from year to year that the annual product
of distilled spirits was from eighty to one hun-
dred million gallons. It used to be that in the
old halcyon days of the Republic, before the
war came upon us, when we had but about
twenty-six million free white drinkers, and the
rest was made up of.slaves who did not drink.
Now we are all free, all emancipated, and all
at liberty to take something, [laughter;] and
under these circumstances it would be natural
to suppose that the demand had somewhat in-
creased ; and so of the supply. There is no
reason therefore for claiming that the product
of distilled spiiits is less at the present time
than it was before the war commenced; that
it is less than eighty million gallons per year.
When the nation came to look about itself,
straining to find those sources from which it
mightderive revenue most easily, most readily,
and most abundantly, its eye naturally fell
upon this subject, this object—distilled spirits.
Here was a product amounting to eighty mil-
lion gallons. If it would pay two dollars per
gallon, there would be $160,000,000 in the
Treasury; and Congress said, after several
experiments, they would try the experiment of
reaping two dollars per gallon from it. Every-
body knows that if a man must pay taxes, there
is no object, there is no subject, there is no
occasion, there are no circumstances upon
which, or under which, he will pay taxes so
readily, so abundantly, so liberally, as upon
this article of whisky. A man, I suppose, can
hardly take a glass of first quality Kentucky
whisky without feeling a strong desire to con-
tribute a quarter of a dollar, at least, to some-
body. [Laughter.] And to offer him this op-
portunity to contribute a few cents—a fraction
of that quarter of a dollar—to the Government,
do you not see, is making the habit patriotic,
making it respectable, allying it to the uses of
the Government, making it subserve for once
in the history of the world, a good purpose?
It adds to the respectability of the thing. And
so I was always fondly in favor, enthusiastically
in favor of thia effort to collect two dollars a
gallon, and not a dime less, from this article.
The moment the experiment was set on foot
it began to be said that there were difficulties
in the way; that the two dollars were not paid
promptly; that they were not received regu-
larly into the Treasury. From that time to
this I have looked on to see whether the Gov-
ernment would surrender to what is called, I
believe in common parlance, the ''whisky ring"
or whether they would capture the ''whisky
ring." Wlienever any complaint lias been
made about the difficulty of collecting this reve-
nue, we have found those who urge in explana-
tion of it right off, "The tax is too high; put
it down to a dollar, and yon can collect it; put
it down to fifty cents, and it will come of itself."
Mr. President, if your Government cannot col-
lect two dollars, it cannot collect two cents;
and if it cannot collect two dolfars, it is not fit
to be trusted with the expenditure of two cents.
If it cannot collect two dollars, I would not
give two dollars for it; and I will sell out my
interest in it any day, on any opportunity, for
that money.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will you sell now?
Mr. HOWE. Let us have the money. When
it be confessed that the tax cannot be collected
let me see your two dollars. I am not pre-
pared to sell just now to my friend from Ver-
mont, because I am not prepared to subscribe
tothedoetrinelhatthe tax cannot be collected.
We had great difficulty in whipping the rebel-
lion ; but we did it. We have, 1 admit, great
difficulty in whipping whisky; but 1 think we
shall do it; we will master it in the end.
I have, therefore, not been prepared to ac-
quiesce in the suggestions of those gentlemen
who tell us the tax is too high. 1 have been
hoping that in the course of events and after
the lapse of time, when our financial ministers
became ripened by experience, their judgments
matured by observation, they would produce
some plan by which the Government would be
enabled to collect this tax. It has been
threatened from year to year, and there have
been various new measures proposed from
time to time; some have been adopted;
some have been rejected ; and I believe the
more perfect they got the machinery the less
money they got, as a rule. [Laughter.]
And we are told to-day that with the latest
modifications patented, instead of getting what
we got the year before, about thirty million
dollars, or two million five hundred thousand
dollars a month, now we only get about one
million dollars a month ; and, driven to des-
peration, they have finally framed this bill and
brought it before us. I am not prepared to say
what would be the revenue derived from whisky
under this bill, and I am not so curious to
know, I think, as to be willing to try it.
Mr. President, I lack faith in the efficacy
of this measure. I lack faith in any part of
it. This very first amendment I do not quite
understand, or, if I do understand, I think I
object to it. This first amendment tells us—-
That after tho 1st day of June next no drawback
of internal taxes paid on manufactures shall bo
allowed on the exportation of any article of domes-
tic manufacture on which there is no internal tax at
tho time of exportation.
Then it proceeds to say—and I am glad I
have the attention of the chairman of the com-
mittee, becausc he can doubtless explain this
passage to me:
Nor .shall such drawback be allowed in any case
unless it shall bo proved by sworn evidence in writ-
ing to tho satisfaction of the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue that tho tax had been paid, and that
such articles of manufacture were, prior to the Istday
of April, 1863, actually purchased or actually manu-
factured and contracted for, to be delivered for such
exportation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do you want an expla-
nation ofthat?
Mr. HOWE. I want an explanation of that;
at least I want to know if it be the purpose of
that to relieve against the operation of the act
passed in January last?
' Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. It has no con-
nection with that. Under the present law all
manufactures in this country, when exported,
have a drawback of the amount of internal tax
paid.
Mr. IiOWE. But I understand the act of
January last took that away.
Mr. SHERMAN. This has nothing to do
with that ; no connection with it. This is the
drawback that the manufacturers receive.
Mr. HOWE. And is there not a drawback
on distilled spirits?
Mr. SHERMAN. The tax is not paid on
exported spirits now. There is no drawback
on spirits, because they are put in bond and
exported in bond.
Mr. HENDERSON. From a bonded ware-
house.
Mr. SHERMAN. From a bonded ware-
house. That section was carefully considered
by such merchants as my friend from New
York [Mr. Morgan] and Mr. Hooper, of
Boston, who understand it. It is simplj' regu-
lating the mode of collecting diawback when
goods of domestic manufacture are exported
abroad, and giving some two months time to
export in compliance with contracts made
before the 1st of April.
Mr. HOWE. And why was the date '• be-
fore the 1st of April" fixed upon?
Mr. SHERMAN. Because the internal tax
on manufactures is repealed by this bill, to take
effect on the 1st of April, and consequently the
cases could not arise of drawback after the 1st
of April or after the 1st of June notv, as we
have made it.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir. I was not at all
confident that there did not somebody under-
stand it: I was only confident that I did not
understand it myself. It may not be at all
objectionable in that point of view. The fourth
section, 1 think, is objectionable, because I do
not think, as others have said, and I shall not
dwell upon the point, that this is the time or
the occasion to venture to put a new tax upon
the manufacture of new articles—-just while
