1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1165
the duties of two offices ; and I do not think
this section would repeal it.
Mr. HOWE. Not that, but there is another
law which declares that the officer rendering
this substituted service shall not receive any
extra pay. That is the law which I think this
second section repeals. I think the officer
rendering this substituted service should mot
receive any increase of pay.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no such pro-
vision in any of the laws referred to in this
general repealing clause.
Mr. HOWE. That is a question of fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the fact.
Mr. HOWE. I think the Senator is mis-
taken about it. However, I will propose an
amendment to add to the second section of the
bill these words :
But nothing herein shall be construed to give to
any officer authorized as aforesaid to pcrtorm the
duties of another officer any compensation beyond
that to which he would be entitled without such
assignment.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think that amend-
ment is just. If a man occupying an interior
office is assigned to the performance of the
duties of a superior one he ought to have the
salary of but one office certainly; but he ought
to have the salary of the higher office. That
is my opinion. If a man is required to do
the duties and assume the responsibilities of a
higher office to which is attached a larger salary
than is attached to the lower office whose duties
he ordinarily performs, it seems to me he ought
to have the higher salary. I do not think,
therefore, the provision now pending is a just
one. I move to strike out the words which
limit such an officer to the salary of his stated
office, and to allow him the salary of the higher
office to the duties of which he is assigned.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To accomplish" the
Senator's object he should vote against the
proviso now moved as an amendment to the
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Kentucky move an amendment
to the amendment.?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator need not
move an amendment, because this is an amend-
ment, and if it is rejected the bill will stand
as the Senator thinks it ought to be.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
Mr. HOWE. The only question is just this:
under the law as it will stand without the
amendment you may have a double set of
officers under pay in every office in the Gov-
ernment, two Secretaries of State, and two
Secretaries of War, and two clerks in every
one of the clerkships. I think we ought to
provide against that. If this amendment is
adopted that ctanot be done; you will have
to pay but one officer in each of the offices
created by law. That, is the object aimed at
by the amendment, and I hope it will be
adopted. 3
Mr. CONKLINQ. If I felt sure that the
construction put upon the words of the second
section as it stands by the Senator from Maine
were borne out I should be against this amend-
ment ; and I wish he would enlighten me a
little upon the words of the second section
repealing " all acts heretofore passed on the
subject of temporarily supplying vacancies in
the Executive Departments." My recollection
is that the provision restricting pay in these
cases to which reference has been made, and
which, by the by, has a long history connected
with it, is found in one of the aetswhich relate
expressly to supplying temporarily vacancies;
and if we repeal "all acts heretofore passed
on the subject of temporarily supplying vacan-
ciesinthe Executive Departments,'' do we not
at least raise a question as to the continuance
of that provision?
Mr. FESSENDEN. My recollection is not.
accurate enough to enable me to say that it is
not so: but my impression is Otherwise. I
believe there are only two acts on the subjegt,
and I think the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee is sufficiently familiar with them to
be able to answer the question in a moment
after looking at the statutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the resolution of the
Senator from Maryland, to admit Philip F.
Thomas, Senator-elect from the State of Mary-
land, to his seat in the Senate, is before the
body, and on that resolution the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Buckalew] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator
from Pennsylvania will give way for a few
moments to enable 11s to finish thistbill.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If it can be disposed
of shortly I will give way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There will be no fur-
ther debate about it. We wish simply to
ascertain a fact as to the state of the existing
law.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unan-
imous consent the Senate will continue, as in
Committee of the Whole, the consideration of
Senate bill No. 3o2, the pending question
being on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. i have but a moment
to refer to the statute; but I find that by an
act passed in 1842 it is provided:
"No officer in any branch or the public service, or
any other person whose salary, pay, or emoluments
is or are fixed by law or regulations, shall receive
any additional pay, extra allowance, or compensa-
tion, in any form whatever, for the disbursement of
public money, or any other service or duty what-
soever, unless the same shall be authorized bylaw,
and the appropriation tnerefor explicitly set forth
that it is forsueh additional pay, extra allowance,
or compensation." * * "■ < "No allow-
ance or compensation shall be made to any cleik or
other officer, by reason of the discharge of duties
which belong to any other clerk or officer in the same
or any other Department; and no allowance or com-
pensation shall be made tor any extra services what-
ever which any clerk or other officer may be required
to perform."
It is hazardous to express an opinion, I know,
without having before me all the statutes upon
this subject; but it would seem to me, without
having timjj to examine all those statutes, that
the provision I have just read would clearly
prevent any claim for additional pay. That
is a general law, and I will read it again :
"No allowance or compensation shall be made to
any clerk or other officer"—
That embraces all—
" by reason of the discharge of duties which belong
to any other clerk or officer in the same or any other
Department, and no allowance or compensation shall
be made for any extra services whatever which any
cleik or other officer may be required to perform."
Unless there be some specific act passed for
it he cannot obtain extra pay. Now, we repeal
a law here which relates to the supplying of
vacancies temporarily and all laws that relate
to the subject of supplying vacancies tempo-
rarily.
Mr. CONKLIXG. Is not the act from which
the Senator read the act of 1812?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; the act of
1842 ; and I wish to say to my friend from New
York that I have but this moment taken it up,
and f have already said that it is hazardous to
express any confident opinion about it without
time to examine it.
Mr. CONKLING. That is the case with
both of us, and I merely rise, by way of inquiry
01" suggestion, to refer the Senator to another
act. The eighteenth section of an act passed
in 1852 provides:
"Xo person hereafter who holds or shall hold any
office under the Government of the United States,
whose salary or annual compensation shall amount
to the sum of S'2,5U0, shall receive compensation for
discharging the duties of any other office."
Now, without time to look into the statutes
further, it would seem that in 18-52 it was
deemed that without this provision all officers
might receive extra compensation for discharg-
ing extra duties, and this act confined it to
those whose salary should be less than the
amount fixed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would embrace all
the officers included in this bill, because there
are no officers in the Departments appointed
by the President who do not receive that much
salary.
Mr. CONKLINQ. Possibly it would ; but
I was aiming at the question whether the other
act the Senator read eovered the point. It
could not have been understood at the time
that it did, and I should think without this it
was doubtful whether the act of 1842 covered
the point. It seems to me-that, if We are to
vote now—there is so much doubt about this—!-
the only true way for Senators who think
there should be no extra compensation is to
vote for this amendment, for it can do no
harm; it. is very innocent surplusage if that be
the law now. I shall therefore vote for it, for
one.
_ Hie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time,
and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
731) to authorize Charles Grafton Page to apply
for and receive a patent; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
ADJOWRNSrENT to MONDAY.
On.motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it
be to meet on Monday next.
execctiYE communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 18th instant, a state-
ment showing the comparative rates now paid
by the United Stales for the transportation of
troops and military stores to the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, to the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company eastern division, and to the
Chicago and Northwestern Railroad Company ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pacific
Railroads, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Secretary of War, communicating, in cojp-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
13th instant, a report of the Commissary Gen-
eral of Subsistence, showing the quantity and
money value of subsistence stores issued to
Indians under charge of the Indian Bureau,
and for which payment has not been made to
the War Department by the Department of the
Interior; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the 12th in-
stant, copies of communications from the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue relative to the
removal or appointment of assessors and col-
lectors ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
house bill iiefekred.
The bill (II. R. No. 731) to authorize Charles
Grafton Page to apply for and receive a patent
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
senator from maryland.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. John-
son on the 18th of December, 18U7:
Jicsohed. That Hon. Philip P. Thomas, Senator-
eleettrom Maryland,be admitted to his seat on his
taking the oaths prescribed by the Constitution and
laws of the United States.
The pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. St'.mxeb, to strike out all after the
word "resolved" and insert:
That Philip F. Thomas, Senator-elect from Mary-
land, cannot be admitted to take the oaths of office
required by the Constitution and laws, inasmuch as
he allowed his minor son to leave the paternal hoii^o
and serve as a rebel soldier, and gave liiui at the
time $100 in money, all of which was aid, counte-
nance, or encouragement to tho rebellion, which he
