3214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
ury for the Post Office Deportment to allow
Jonathan Jessup, of York, Pennsylvania, the
sum of $1,807 36, in the auditing of liis accounts
tor the fiscal year of 18G7.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ANDRJiW S. COIIB.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Senate
take up for consideration Senate bill No. 022
reported from the Committee on Finance. It
is a bill of only five lines, and will not lead to
any discussion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the title of it?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. ££A bill to authorize
the Commissioner of the Revenue to settle the
accounts ol Andrew S. Core.'' The circum-
stances are such that a settlement cannot ho
made without this authority.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Commissioner of the Revenue to
settle and close the accounts of Andrew S.
Core, late collector of internal revenue for the
second district of Virginia, (now West Vir-
ginia,) upon principles of justice and equity.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr, SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the unfinished
business of yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 440) supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to provide
a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the
cii culalion and redemption thereof," approved
June 3, 1SG-1.
The pending question was stated to be on
the motion of Mr. Cameron, to amend the bill
by striking out the lirst section, in the follow-
ing words:
_ That it shall bo unlawful for national banks located
in the cities of Boston, New York, Philadelphia or
any oi the cities named in section thirty-one of an
act entitled An act to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide lor the circulation and redemption thereof"
approved June 3, ISM.to pay interest on the deposits
or balances ot any other national banking associa-
tion, or to offer any inducement, other than the
piompt and correct transaction of business, in order
to siciue such deposits; and it is hereby made the
duty ol the Comptroller of the Currency to seo that
this act is observed ; and upon a violation thereof by
any national banking association, ho is hereby au-
t.iomod Olid required to proceed, as in other oases
ot delault, to appoint a receiver to wind up the
atlairs ot such association according to the provis-
ions of suction iilLy of said act.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I do not
think it necessary to occupy the time of the
Senate in discussion this morning, because the
simple question now pending is between the
country banks and the city banks. The Sena-
tor from New Jersey [Mr. Cattell] spenthalf
an hour or an hour yesterday on the principles
ol banking. The general principles winch he
laid down were pretty correct; but the princi-
pal matter, the marrow of this case, he did not
touch at all. I have said from the beginning
that this is a bill gotten up for the purpose of
using the funds of the country banks without
paying them for them. _ It is very natural, per-
haps, that gentlemen situated as he is, repre-
senting banking corporations in the cities,
should desire to get all the funds of the country
possible without paying for them. The coun-
t ry banks do not send their deposits to the
cnies for the purpose of speculating, but they
are compelled to send them there. In tho lirst
place, they are compelled by the banking law to
keep a reserve fund there, and then in the
course of trade their funds go there as a matter
of course. They now get a small interest while
they are there, and they suffer them to remain
there only when they cannot be used at home.
It is lair that they should be allowed to receive
compensation for that use. On the other hand,
the city hanks are the great speculators.
Every crisis which has broken up the banks
of the country has begun with the city banks
on account of their speculations in stocks, the
facilities they have for loaning their money by
the day or by the hour, as they often do, at a
large rate of interest. The country banks
have no such temptation. A large portion of
theyear they need all their funds at home, and
their customers and their stockholders would
compel them to use them there if they were
otherwise inclined. It is only when their cap-
ital is of necessity in the possession of the
city bauks that it is proposed that the city
banks should pay them for the use of it.
This whole subject of banking is one which
is so much talked about that wo generally lose
sight of the main matter of a bill when any-
thing comes up connected with it. The old
banking system was a good one in its day. The
early banking system of this country, which
has been so much abused, was one of the most
important schemes ever invented for a new
country like ours. Wo had a rich soil; we had
a vigorous people; we had an extended coun-
try ; but wo had no capital. The original
country banks got (heir life from an act of
incorporation which generally included within
its machinery the best men of the community.
These men together staked their character and
their property, and they issued their notes
which passed as money. 'That did very well
until the country became rich, and then the
system, as a matter of course, fell down from
its own weight.
I remember very well when I had charge of
a little bank with §100,000 capital, and wo had
an average circulation of $700,000, and we
never failed to meet our notes, and nobody
ever doubted that we could meet them. So
long as we^ did so they were just as good as
money. Tho old system broke down, as I
say, because the country became rich and the
banks accumulated and men became specula-
tors outside ol the banks and broke them down.
The New York system of banking, which was
the next one, was better than the old system
of banking, and much better than the system
wo have now. That system made circulation
perfectly secure, because the stocks of New
York and the stocks of the General Govern-
ment were the basis of it, and under that sys-
tem everybody that desired to bank might bank.
We shall some day come to that and have a
general free-banking system based on ourGov-
ernment loans, and then every man who desires
to bank will do so, and when ho finds it
unprofitable ho will quit it. That is the system
you will ultimately come to, and such discus-
sions as we had yesterday and the day before
will bring us to it sooner, because there is now
a desire and a competition all over the country
to get banks, as if having banks in a particular
quarter made money plenty there. It is not
so. Y'ou might just as well say that you should
have a mint to coin your gold in every county
or in every State of the Union. Money is an
element of trade, which flows where it is
wanted ; and after it has been used and done
its duty in a particular quarter it goes back
to the centers of trade. It is just like the water
flowing to the ocean and again reaching the
clouds and coming down to us. We do not
reflect upon the working of this machinery,
but we all seem to have a special knowledge
of banking.
The Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Catteix]
read yesterday from the Comptroller of the
Currency a very learned report, which he copied
from some reports published in England and
France ; but they were all statements of gen-
eral principles that had nothing to do with the
question before us. It is, 1 repeat, simply
whether you shall allow these banks to manage
their business in their own way as shall seem
to them best, relying on their integrity and
their intelligence to preserve their own credit,
and thus preserve the interests of the public,
or whether you will compel them to throw
their money into the city banks, where specu-
lators may use it in inflating stocks and pro-
ducing a system of gambling which pievents
men from following the regular pursuits ot
industry.
As I said, I do not desire to trouble the Sen-
ate, and I will not. I should liuve preferred
to postpone this subject until the next sessiont
because then I think the country will be in  
condition when we may legislate wisely and
well in regard to currency and finance ; but it
it be the pleasure of the Senate to act. on the
bill I think the first section should be stricken
out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays ou the motion to strike out the lirst -sec-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 hope this first section
will be stricken out. The Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Cattell] alluded yesterday to the
large amount of money which the country
banks were obliged to hold in their vaults or
upon deposit in tho eastern cities ; in other
words, a reserve which he said they were not
permitted to work up. But, sir, the Senaror
from New Jersey has himself introduced a bill
authorizing the issue of three per cent, certifi-
cates intended to be held as that very reserve,
and to bring that reserve into an interest-bear-
ing shape.
The Senator says that the country banks are
compelled to hold fifteen percent, of the whole
amount of their capital and deposits on hand
in lawful money, and the depository banks
twenty-five per cent.
Mr. CATTELL. The Senator from Michi-
gan misunderstood me. I said fifteen per cent,
of their circulation and deposits, not ot thou-
capital and deposits.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is true. The de-
pository banks are compelled to hold twenty-
live per cent, of their circulation and deposits
ou hand at all times, and the western ban.vj
are permitted to have a portion of their resei ce
of liiteeupcr cent, oudepositin the-large ciiie.^.
Now, the Senator says that it wili be mueu
safer if these reserves are not upon iuieiesL.
Will the Senator explain to me how and why
it is safer that the selfsame bank should hold
these deposits and pay no interest on them
than that it should hold them and pay an inter-
est of four per cent.?
Mr. CAiTELL, Does the Senator want an
answer ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; I should like
to hear the answer.
Mr. CATTELL. lean give it in a single word.
J here is an inducement to pile up money in the
city of New Y~ork, by the payment of interest,
which ought to be kept at home.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall come to that
directly, and the answer to that will he a part
of my argument. The Senator alluded to that
point yesterday. The law compels these west-
ern banks to deposit in the national banks iu
the cities which are Government depositories,
iienco the deposit mast remain in the seil-
same hands, whether interest be paid or be not
paid under the law. Now, the Senator savs
that it no interest be paid these funds wili be
retained and held at home, instead of bein~
deported in the national depositories in the
fonfoh <S' ' ,tlie,Seilator 1ms been too
long a, bainter to make that statement intending
rv to yesterday, and I will
x , . r  j vovviuuy , cvuu JL
try to explain agaui to-day. so that he mav
th™eastf ?'' l'lat tiie ,westeril banks, and
make nearly alUheir rcdemnt'1'36 hT
thnw 1... , demPtiuusbydrattupou
those large cities. In the cities of the West,
timu-S) more than ui"«
draft on V vU" fedsmPtlOBS were made bv
carnotrl York; and to-day a bank that
tar.not draw upon New York might us well
shut up shop. The effect would be the
upon its credit that a refusal topay spcoie would
be upon a bank in speeie-paying^^s 1^'v
must draw upon New YorUlA tho'doma^
to ^be yTrd/y or was intended
„lm„' tllat * batlk oi sioo,ooo
almost anywhere would have
deposits, and the a
circulation
$100,OU0 in
average m the report bd
