1166
THE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
was forbidden to giro; and further, inasmuch as in
forbearing to disclose and make known the treason
of his son to the President or other proper authori-
ties according to the requirement of the statute in
defined fy elisTfng^law? °f m?PriSi(m °f treaSOn aS
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, on a
former occasion I submitted to the Senate an
argument upon the legal questions involved in
the subject now.before us. I am still satisfied
with the argument then made, and I do not
propose to repeat it. I rise to speak at this
time because I think that gross injustice has
been done to Mr. Thomas in the debate; that
his motives have been misunderstood and fiiis-
represented, of course not intentionally; and
that the general effect of the debate upon the
minds of those who have listened to it is to
produce unfavorable and unjust impressions
regarding him. Now, sir, whatever maybe the
decision of the Senate on his case, it is but an
act of-simple justice to hip as an individual that
personal assaults upon him should be repelled;
at_ least so far as to place him in a reasonably
fair attitude before the people of the country
as well as before the members of the Senate.
Mr. President, this gentleman has not been
here pressing his case personally, with perti-
nacity and diligence, as is sometimes the case
with persons desiring seats in legislative bodies.
He hasbehaved throughout with perfect deco-
rum, with due regard to his own position be-
fore the Senate, and to the dignity and char-
acter of the Senate itself. The subject of his
right to a seat was sent to a committee, and
then, when called upon, heresponded; he and
his son appeared, and underwent examina-
tion by that committee more or less searching
and somewhat protracted. But with regard to
the action which the Senate has been called
upon to take in his case, Mr. Thomas has not
interfered in any offensive or objectionable
maimer; he has behaved throughout like a
true gentleman, as he is, and has left his case
to the judgment of the Senate upon the report
of our own committee, which comes to us with
such sanctions that it ought to be accepted, so
far as it decides his case, as conclusive.
In view of his position and of the nature of
the issue which has been debated before the
Senate, I say it is but reasonable and just that
tiie Senate should accept what has been de-
cided by the committee in the case, and only
determine the question which the committee
has left undetermined and submitted to the
Senate for its judgment. Well, what is that
question? It is the question of Mr. Thomas's
intent in furnishing his son with the sum of
$100 under the circumstances stated in the
evidence which accompanies the report. The
committee did examine the charge against Mr.
Thomas of disloyalty in all the other respects
or particulars on which the charge was made.
They investigated his conduct as Secretary of
the Treasury, the circumstances attending his
resignation of that office, the character of the
speech he was alleged to have made on the
evening of his nomination to the caucus which
nominated him, and his conduct generally
throughout the war.
Upon all these points which were raised
before the committee they did make full exam-
ination and they did pronounce their judgment.
They say in their report to the Senate, expli-
citly, that there is 110 ground upon which to
refuse Mr. Thomas his seat unless it be taken
upon the, "one transaction in regard to his son.
Is it necessary, then, for the Senate, in view
of this report from a competent, intelligent,
and able committee, to go back oyer other
controverted questions beside the single one
which is submitted to the Senate? And to do
this, Mr. President, when the applicant for
the seat is not here, when his own statement
of his conduct is not to be heard by the Sen-
ate, and when a reinvestigation of those points
which were determined by the committee was
not foreseen by him? If we should go into an
examination of the position of Mr. Thomas at
the commencement of the war and during the
war we should get a very different idea, I am
confident, from that which was given us yes-
terday by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man. J
When he was in the Treasury it was a known
fact that he differed with Mr. Floyd in regard
to what should be done by the Treasury De-
partment, and incurred the hostility of that
man. That fact has not been submitted here
to the Senate, nor have other facts important
to his vindication against renewed assault been
shown. They have not been shown by his
friends or-fey himself, because it was supposed
not to be necessary considering the position in
which the case was placed before the Senate
by the committee. They had decided in his
favor upon all the points involved except the
single one to which 1 have referred.
Mr. President, at the end of 1860 and the
commencement of 1861, during the last months
of Mr. Buchanan's administration, I was
absent from the United States, but from the
newspapers which I then received and read and
from subsequent intercourse with persons at
home, I suppose I have a correct idea of the
situation of things, and I believe I have also a
just idea of the position of Mr. Thomas at that
time. He, like many other men, true and
honorable men in tliis country, was opposed to
the measures which were proposed in regard to
the port of Charleston and the forts there. He
thought it was inexpedient to make any de-
monstration of force by the Government at
that time, regard being had to the surrounding
circumstances, because it would precipitate a
conflict between the people of the southern
States and those who adhered to the Federal
Government. He then, like thousands and
thousands of our countrymen, believed that the
dispute might bo settled. We know that pro-
ceedings were going on for adjustment; a peace
conference was held here at Washington in
which the representatives of most of the States
participated. There were proceedings also in
Congress with reference to the same object.
Sir, it does not impeach the patriotism of a
gentleman to say that at that time he was
opposed to particular measures which might
precipitate hostilities upon the country. When
Mr. Thomas said in his letter of resignation
that ho had been opposed to the proposed pol-
icy with regard to the port of Charleston, he
simply expressed his concurrence with thou-
sands of good and true men in the country who
were opposed to the immediate use of force.
They may have been very much mistaken ; their
views may have been very short-sighted; their
policy may have been bad. That is nothing
to the purpose. What wo are to determine is
a question of guilt, of criminal conduct; and
there was no criminality, so far as I can per-
ceive, in the conduct of Mr. Thomas at that
time. He resigned the office he held in part
because he did not concur in the proposed
measures by which a collision would be imme-
diately produced at the port of Charleston.
He hoped for peace, he hoped for an adjust-
ment, he hoped for a settlement of the diffi-
culties between the North and the South, and
an avoidance of war.
This explanation removes from that trans-
action whatever of odium might have attached
to it upon the one-sided, unfair statement
which has been made concerning it. But
there was another fact in connection with his
resignation which has been lost sight of, but
which appears in the proof. A committee from
the city of New York waited upon the Presi-
dent of the United States and informed him
that the moneyed men and capitalists of that
city would not furnish money to the then Sec-
retary of the Treasury. They were not satis-
fied with him because there had been calum-
nious charges made against him with reference
to some financial orders which it was said he
had issued in regard to the public funds in the
city of New York. These charges have been
proved to be false; they are proved so by the
evidence of Mr. Cisco and other gentlemen.
And yet, because of these false and unjust im-
putations, some of the moneyed men of New
York waited upon the President and alleged
that they could not loan the Government money
while Mr. Thomas held his position as Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and advised the Presi-
dent to appoint another Secretary in whom
capitalists would have confidence. Whatever
of imputation might have arisen from this
transaction against Mr. Thomas is dispelled
by the proof taken by the committee, by which
it is shown that he gave no order'of an unpa-
triotic or improper character. He*is com-
pletely vindicated against the charges which
then injured his reputation in the money cir-
cles of New York. But the evidence shows
us that when the President listened to this
committee, received their statement against
his own Secretary, Mr. Thomas very naturally
became indignant, and he said to the President
promptly that if he was to entertain accusa-
tions against liim in that way, to give them
encouragement and countenance, it was a good
reason for his leaving the Department; and
that was in fact one of the controlling reasons
with Mr. Thomas for resigning his office. That
is apparent on the face of the testimony. In
his letter of resignation to the President, al-
though this was a prevailing motive upon his
mind, and one which a man of spirit would
entertain under such circumstances, he did
not state it. In order to avoid unpleasant
matter he simply alluded to the difference of
opinion between himself and some other mem-
bers of the Administration in regard to meas-
ures which had been proposed for the port of
Charleston.
Taking into view all these circumstances, can
any gentleman say that the resignation of Mr.
Thomas was evidence of disloyalty, much less
that it is to be cited as a case of giving aid and
comfort to the public enemy ? The charge ap-
pears to me to be quite groundless and unjust.
But, sir, let us come to the resignation itself,
independent of the motives or causes which
induced it. What did Mr. Thomas do ? As I
stated before, this charge that he aided the
rebellion by resigning that office seems most
absurd and preposterous when judged by its
results. If he had remained in the office of
Secretary of the Treasury and used the powers
which the laws conferred upon him to aid the
rebellion, that would have been criminal con-
duct. If he had remained in that office of
Secretary, and had failed to execute the laws,
that also would have been open to objection
and to condemnation. What did he do? In-
stead of aiding the rebellion, or attempting to
aid the rebellion, (which, by the way, had not
broken out into open war,) he resigned the
office into the hands of the President and gave
way to General John A. Dix. Was that giv-
ing aid to the rebellion, aid and comfort to the
enemies of the United States ? Why, sir, I
should think gentlemen who would gravely
make that assertion, and after duly considering
it, repeat it, might be classed among the most
unreasonable of men. He did not resign the
office and go away abruptly; but he tendered
his resignation and awaited the filling of the
office, and when the President had selected
General Dix, passed over to him the powers
which he had exercised, and the Treasury was
conducted by a patriotic man and able officer,
against whose administration not one word of
objection has been made.
After the resignation of Mr. Thomas he
retired to the State of Maryland ; he went upon
his farm ; he pursued liis proper lioaie pur-
suits during the war; and now there is no im-
putation upon his conduct during the war or
since except 011 account of the gift of money
to his son. It is pot necessary for him to bring
evidence in his vindication; for there is no evi-
dence that from the moment when he resigned
the duties of the office of Secretary of the Treas-
ury down to the time when he was clected by
the Logistature'of Maryland to a seat on this
floor that he did any act tending to aid the
rebellion against the United States, unless the
gift to his son should be so described.
Well, sir, a few words upon that. It has
been argued, as if in endeavoring to dissuade
his son from going into the confederate service,
he confined himself to a single argument,
