1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2191
what have been done with the liquors which
have been seized from time to time by the
officers of the Treasury Department as guilty
of offenses against the revenue laws ? The
question was not answered ; but I have the an-
swer in my hand, and the Senator fiom Mary-
land, if no other Senator, will doubtless be in-
terested in knowing what has been done with
these liquors. Sir, they have been sold. The
Secretary of the Treasury has told us so, and
he lias told us what they have brought.
Mr. SHERMAN". What is the date?
Mr. HOWE. The date of the report?
Mr. SHERMAN. The date of sale.
Mr. HO WE. The date of sale is not given,
but it is said to include all the sales made
subsequent to the 2d of March, 1867. The
report was made December 20, 1807. This is
the report of the sales of liquors condemned
by judicial decree. I find among other sales
reported a sale of seventeen hundred and
twenty-eight barrels of whisky condemned in
the eastern district of New York, and these
seventeen hundred and twenty-eight barrels
yielded S4,91b 61.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose that was sold
subject to the tax—sold in bond?
Mr. HOWE. The tax had to be paid on
this. There is no evidence of that in the re-
port.
Mr. SHERMAN. The figures as read by
the Senator are not evidence of that, of course,
but the liquor was sold in bond, because the
law expressly delares that it shall not be sold
for less than the tax. It was sold, uo doubt,
subject to the tax. The law was read here
awhile ago.
Mr. IIO WE. Then here are sales of fifty-
eight and a half barrels reported from New
Jersey for $4,1G6 99. Was that sold subject
to tax?
Mr. HENDERSON. That was thrown on
Ihe market..
Mr. HOWE. There must be some mistake
somewhere. Both these sales could not have
been subject to tax, and I take it neither of
them was. In the northern district of New
York eighty-four barrels were sold for $5,-
125 88, between one hundred and two hundred
dollars more than the seventeen hundred bar-
rels sold for in the eastern district of New
York. So in Illinois, in the northern district,
one hundred and thirty-five barrels sold for
§3,775,008 18, while in the southern districtfive
hundred and twelve barrels sold for $1,000,-
y;j6.
Mr. HENDERSON. Five hundred and
twelve barrels for a million! That must be a
mistake.
Mr. HOWE. There is unquestionably a
mistake somewhere. I do not know whether
it is in the report or in the sale. These are the
figures returned in the report.
Mr. President, of course, where the Govern-
ment is furnishing whisky in the market at a
dollar and a half or at twenty-five cents a gal-
lon, you cannot expect honest distillers to
carry on the business and pay two dollars a
gallon tax into the Treasury. Repeatedly I
have seen gentlemen whom I had known to be
formerly engaged in the business of distillation,
and who have told me that they have been
obliged to close their business entirely because
they could not consent to carry it on in viola-
tion of the revenue laws; and they certainly
could not carry it on in conformity with them
while everybody else was allowed to violate
those laws with impunity. I want to see some
measure put upon the statute-book which will
make these frauds upon the revenue of the
United States not. like treason, respectable,
but, as some fond gentlemen meant to have
treason—infamous.
Several Senators. "Odious."
Mr. HOWE. ''Odious." Is it as bad as
that? Then 1 will go even to the full extent
of saying " odious ;" and when that is doneyou
will begin to discriminate between honest and
dishonest practices under your revenue laws.
Mr. OONKL1NG. Mr. President, the meas-
ure which is being smothered uuderneath all
this debate is a very brief bill to take off some
of the shackles that weigh down the arms of
labor ; and I rise for the purpose of appealing
to the friends of that bill to allow a vote to be
taken upon this conference report. Taking the
expiessiou so far of the Senate, it is not to be
adopted, and it will follow that a new confer-
ence is to be ordered. The ordinary hour of
adjournment has already anived ; and on Mon-
day, at the ordinary hour of meeting or imme-
diately afterward, the Senate is to proceed to
the consideration of business which precludes
altogether the possibility of disposing of this ;
so that I suppose it will be necessary to adjourn
until, say eleven o'clock on Monday morning,
in order to hear the report of another confer-
ence committee, if a new committee shall be
ordered. Now, while this debate is instruct-
ive—certainly I do not wish to intimate that it is
not—and while it is all material to tiiose points
to which it relates, 1 do not think that it is
indispensable to an intelligent action upon the
pending proposition, and I trust, Mr. Presi
dent, that we shall vote either upon this motion
or upon a motion to be submitted by somebody—
I do not propose to submit it myself—to non-
concur and ask for another conference, to the
end that the committee may have the rest of
this evening to confer after our message shall
be sent to the House, and be able to come in
on Monday morning by eleven o'clock, so that
we may then pass a law which, if it is lost in
all this wilderness of talk, will carry great and
just disappointment to the whole country. We
have talked about relieving these taxes. I
believe another committee can agree on a bill
which, avoiding the whisky difficulty, will en-
able us to act finally upon that measure ; and I
trust Senators will postpone to a more conven-
ient season any debate which they feel does not
necessarily relate to this question.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
disagree to the present report and ask for
another committee of conference.
ilr. CONK LING. Now let us have the vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That, does not present
any very new question, Mr. President, as the
question before was on agreeing. I merely
wish to say—and I will not occupy two minutes
in saying it—that I shall vote to send this bill
to another conference, not because I am not
willing to try every experiment possible, either
to collect the tax the law imposes upon whisky
or else to stop the production of whisky. I
will try any experiment and in trying such
an experiment I wish it to be as effective a one
as possible. But there are defects in this sec-
tion that strike me at the first blush, and which
I wish to call to the attention of any subsequent
committee.
First, it proposes to forfeit every piece of
real estate that is used by a distiller, whether
he owns it or not, in the production of whisky
contrary to law. I believe that to be entirely
unjust. The proprietor who leases his prop-
erty may be entirely innocent of any such use
as this to which it may be put, and therefore
he ought not to suffer in consequence of such
action. If he connives at it he ought to suf-
fer ; but if he does not he ought not.
Then, in the next place, it is entirely uncer-
tain from this section what is meant by " sell-
ing indirectly at a market price." I think the
use of that term " market price" will lead to
great confusion, and it should be reconsidered
and made more definite.
Again, in the latter part of the section it is
left entirely to doubt whether the distilleries
are to be closed in the district of sale or in
the district of manufacture, or in both. The
language is so entirely vague that it is impossible
on the face of the section to tell which of the
places is to suffer by being shut up. It is de-
sirable, of course, to have that rectified. That
is, although merely a verba! criticism, a point
that in piactiee it will be of great importance
to have thoroughly understood.
These are the reasons, Mr. President, with-
out going into any others, why I shall vote to
send this bil^ back, not because I will not go
with the committee in any reasonable experi-
ment to endeavor to accomplish the object thev
have in view.
Mr. BU CKALEW. Mr. President, of course
at this time of the day I am not. going to speak
on this subject, although I have feit some anxi-
ety to do so. I withhold myself from the de-
bate, very much opposed though I am to this
report, in the expectation that it will not be
agreed to, and that we shall have an opportu-
nity to debate whatever measure shall be event-
ually adopted by the Senate on this subject. I
desire to say that much now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves that the Senate non-
concur in the report of the committee of con-
ference and ask of the House of Representa-
tives another conference on the subject of the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on this
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
Several Senators. Oh, no; do not take the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, I insist upon the
yeas and nays. I want the vote of the Senate
to be on record that the other House may
understand the view of the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. Before the vote is taken
I wish to say that I have tried for four or five
hours to get an opportunity to say a word on
this subject. I shall not now detain the Senate
under the circumstances by which we are sur-
rounded. I will only say that I am going to
vote for this report because I desire to have
the tax collected, and I shall vote for every
scheme looking to that purpose which the
Committee on Finance shall bring in to this
body. Acting upon this principle, I shall vote
for this proposition, and at a future time I may,
perhaps, explain somewhat at length my rea-
sons for doing so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall vote against the
proposition actuated by a different considera-
tion entirely from that of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron.] I do not be-
lieve that the tax of two dollars a gallon upon
whisky is to be collected by severe and extraor-
dinary and unusual penalties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then you are in favor
of recommitting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am. I shall vote
against concurringin this report. I understood
the Senator from Pennsylvania to say that he
was for concurring, because he believed in
these penalties. I do not believe, in this en-
lightened and Christian age and in this day of
the world, that you are to prevent crime by the
extremity of your penalties.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President  
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. CAMERON. You shall have the vote
in a moment. Just let me say in reply to the
Senator from Illinois, that I believe the tax
can be collected, and therefore I am going to
vote for every measure which I think will pro-
duce the collection.
Mr. ROSS. Before the vote is taken I wish
to say that I am paired on this question with
the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Norton.]
If he were here he would vote in the affirma-
tive. and I should vote in the negative.
Mr. TIIAYEU. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.] If he
were present he would vote in the aifirmative
and I should vote in the negative.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 9 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalow, Chandler, Colo, Conk-
ling, Davis, Dixon, Edmunds, i'essenden, Ilcndncks,
Howard. Howe, Jolmson, MeCreery, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Xyo, Pat;or.--"Vi of New Hamr/shire, Patter-
son of Tennessee, Kamsey, Tipton, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, V, iliey, and Wilson—'ii.
NAYS—Me-sis. Cameion, Cattell, Freltogliuyson,
Henderson, Morgan, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner,
and Wade—9.
ABSENT—Messrs, Anthony, Bayard, Conness, Cor-
bett, Uraein, Doolittlu, Drake, Ferry, Fowler, Grimes,
Harlan, Morton, Morrill of Maine, Korton,
Saulsbury.Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, Vickers, VVil-
liamp, and Yate&—22.
So the report was non-concurred in and a
ne w conference asked for.
