1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3216
me shows that I rather understated it. Here,
then, is a liability of 8200,000 liable to be
called upon at any moment. I stated that it
was absolutely necessary for the safety of
that bank, no matter where located, m any !
country town throughout the whole length ji
and breadth of this laud, to keep an average ji
deposit of not less than $50,000 iu some one |j
of the large cities to draw upon : and whether i
jou pay interest or do not pay interest will |j
neither increase nor diminish it a single half h
dollar. The bank must be ready to meet its
liabilities, and it must meet them in that way ;
and if it has not exchange on New York it
must still draw and instantly express the bills
to meet the draft when it arrives.
The eity banks are willing and anxious to
obtain these deposits at four per cent. Why?
Because whatever the fund maybe which they
have over on any given day, they can loan it,
not at four per cent., which they pay, but at
six or seven per cent., and sometimes even at
a higher rate of interest. Whether they pay
four per cent, or nothing they will loan it to
the very last dollar they have on hand, daily
as they do now. The intent and meaning of
this section is that they shall be enabled to
pocket, not the residuum over four per cent.,
but the whole six or seven or eight per cent.,
whatever the amount may be that they obtain
from day to day for their excess.
It is a mistake to suppose that this will
change the amount of these deposits. There
is not a bank throughout the West that does
not receive more than double the amount of
interest it receives on its deposits in the great
cities. In Cincinnati the average rate of bank
interest is not less than ten per cent., as L am
informed; in Detroit about that; in Chicago
twelve per cent.—three times the amount they
receive. Do you suppose a bank in Chicago
would deposit its funds in New York at four
per cent, when it could get twelve per cent, at
liome ? Certainly not. As I said before, it
will not make the difference of a single half
dollar in the amount they deposit, whether
they receive four per cent, interest or no inter-
est at all. There is not a bank in a single
State, even including the New England States,
which will not be seriously injured by the pas-
sage of this first section. Neither will it
street the amount of circulating medium at
home. This is the argument that has been
used in both Houses : " Withdraw your inter-
est and the banks will keep their money at
home and use it there." Why, sir, what use
have they for it? As I said yesterday, L asked
the cashier of the largest bank in the city in
which 1 live what amount of redemption he
had been called upon for in the three years the
bank had been in existence, and he told me
a single ten dollar bill. A man stepped in and
told him he would like a greenback for a ten
dollar bill, and he gave it to him; and that
was all the redemption he was called upon for
in three long years.
But, sir, day after day they are called upon
for vast sums in redemption by drafts from the
large cities. The city banks can well afford
to pay these drafts, for they know almost to a
certainty the amount which they will have on
deposit at a given day. One section draws
largely to-day, and another section largely to-
morrow. One section draws in the spring and
another in the fall. Drafts are made largely
for the wool crop or the wheat crop. As I
showed yesterday, and I have the figures before
me, the average amount which they are com-
pelled to keep in New York, and will keep in
these large cities and will be compelled to keep,
whether you pay interest or not, is something
over seventy-three million dollars. Now, sir, I
can well understand, and so can you, why the
banks and bankers in the cities of New York,
Boston, and Philadelphia should desire to have
these vast deposits without pajing any interest i
at all in order to swell their own dividends; ]
but it would be an injustice, not only to every 1
bank and banker, but to individuals. In the i
city in which I live the banks pay to their ,
depositors for trust funds and court funds and ;
funds that are to remain a long time on deposit,
the precise sum which they receive for their
balances in New York. It is their custom.
Cut off tins interest on the balances, and you
cut off the interest that is paid to widows and
orphans and trust funds and all other funds
throughout the United States.
I intended no disrespect to the Senator from
New Jersey yesterday when I said that this bill
ought to be designated " A bill to enable a few
bankers in the large cities to swindle the peo-
ple of the United States in order to swell their
own profits for that is exactly what this bill
will do if you pass it. But, sir, if this sec-
tion is not stricken out, J shall then offer my
amendment prohibiting these banks that now
desire to be relieved from paying any interest
from loaning a single dollar on (heir deposits,
and I hope the Senate will adopt that amend-
ment, and then these men will be more anxious
to defeat this section than I am now.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I do not intend to make
a speech on this question, but I do wish that
Senators would understand the exact condition
in which the business of the country will bo
placed by the section under discussion if it is
permitted to stand as law. I may be in error
as to my judgment of the effect of this section,
but it strikes me that the moment the banks
are called upon to have a reserve in the event
of this section passing it will be to that extent
a curtailment of the currency. You will not
certainly compel any of these country banks to
make their deposits in a city bank unless there
is security of some kind or compensation for it.
Why will you ask a country bank to deposit in
a New York bank any amount for the redemp-
tion of its circulation? Why not permit those
banks to hold the amount in their own vaults
for the redemption of their own currency?
That, I understand, is the measure which the
Senator from Michigan proposes.
Mr. CHANDLEIl. If the Senator will par-
don me for one moment, the present law com-
pels the banks to redeem in the large cities as
well as at home. That is the law now.
Mr. SPBAGUE. Of course there is mani-
fest injustice in compelling a reserve to be kept
in a bank in New York by a bank in Michigan
without compensation, because for this cur-
rency the bank in Michigan has made payment.
The result, then, will be that this reserve fund
will in effect be withdrawn from the business
of the country into the country banks, and to
that extent the bank capital upon which the
business of the country is now being carried
on will be restricted. That is my judgment in
the matter, that the effect will be that if there
is $00,000,000 now as a reserve you will per-
mit the country banks to hold that amount in
lawful njoney of the United States for the pur-
pose of making their redemptions or redeem-
ing their bills, and to that amount there will be
a contraction of the banking facilities of the
United States. If I am not correct in this I
wish to be made so.
Mr. President, if I could make my views as
plain as the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] did his the other day, it would be exceed-
ingly gratifying to me; or if I could make
myself as well understood as the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Mortox,] who disclaims all
knowledge of finance and of banking, it would
be exceedingly gratifying to me. I wish there
were more such men in this body who knew
nothing of banking, but who would bring to the
consideration of these questions the ordinary
common judgment necessary to all practical
questions. It has been my judgment from the
beginning of the discussion of this question
that the bankers of this country have "run
the machine." The bankers of this country
have had the manipulation of everything con-
nected with the finances of the country,both in
the Finance Committees in the Senate and
House, at the Treasury, and with the President
of the United States. In my judgment, all
and each of these positions is susceptible of the
clearest proof.
I will state for the information of the Senate,
and it is undoubtedly within the knowledge of
every one who hears me, that from the founda-
tion of the banking principle of Great Britain,
by which she has been able to carry a great
debt two hundred years and more, she has
repudiated the counsels of bankers from that
time to this, and there is not one to-day who
gives her counsel and advice in the manage-
ment of her finances. It is a matter of history
that the Bank of England in its yearly organ-
ization has ever refused admittance to its board
to_ those engaged simply in the manipulation
of money and making money upon money, it
is a significant tact, and history has shown
it to be true, that where men are engaged in any
pursuit as a business they are unfit to take a
wide view of all the conditions of the people
and of the people's interests.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator suspend his remarks?
ilecuption of the chinese embassy.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the main
entrance of theSenate Chamber atone o'clock,
and announced the presence of the committee
of the Senate and the Chinese embassy.
The members of the embassy, escorted by
the committee of the Senate, Messrs. Sumner,
Sherman, and Hesdkicics, advanced within
the bar, the Senators rising and standing till
the members of the embassy were seated. The
committee and the embassy having reached the
area in front of the Secretary's desk,
Mr. SUMNEIl, on behalf of the committee,
said: Mr. President, 1 present Mr. Burlingame
and his associates of the Chinese embassy to
the Senate of the United States.
The PRESIDENT j}roto)(j;(/re!. I welcome
Mr. Burlingame and his associates of the Chi-
nese embassy to the Senate of the United
States. The committee will conduct them to
the seats prepared for them.
Mr. Burlingame and his associates of the
Chinese embassy were conducted to seats pro-
vided for them in the area in front of the Sec-
retary's desk.
The distinguished visitors having been
seated,
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I move
that business be suspended for twenty minutes,
in order that Senators may have an opportu-
nity to pay their respects individually to our
distinguished guests.
The motion was agreed to unanimously.
The President pro tempore vacated the chair,
and he and the other members of the Senate
were severally introduced to the dignitaries of
the embassy by the committee.
The recess having expired, the embassy left
the Senate Chamber, escorted by the commit-
tee, and the Senate resumed its business.
message from the iiocsb.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. II. No.
1275) relating to the Alexandria canal, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
affairs in texas.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate a telegraphic dispatch
which has just been received from the constitu-
tional convention of Texas, with an earnest
request that it be immediately laid before the
Senate. If there be no objection it will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Austin, Texas, June Ifi,1sg8.
I am directed by the Texas convention to fonvaid
you the iollowing resolutions adopted tins day, duly
attested copies of which will be sent you by m-nJ.
The immediate action of Congress is earnestly le-
quested by the toyaf people of this State:
Whereas lawlessness and crime exist to such an
alarming extent in portionsof this State, it is deemed
proper to do all in the power of this convention to
i protect life and property, and for the suppression oi
1 ornne: Theretore, , ,
| 1. Me it resolved, Thatthis convention respoetiuliy
I urge upon the Congress of the United States tne
i necessity of authorising the organization by taeboay
| of a military force m the several eountics in tttis
i State, to ace in conjunction with and under tnecmeo-
| tion of the military commander therein, tor the pro-
. tection of the lives and property of the citizens now
I every day be in:': preyed upon by assassins anu lOD-
