1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4239
tion is reached no further enlistments into the Army
shall be made, and thereafter there shall be no more
than thirty thousand enlisted men in service at any
one time, unicss otherwise authorized by law.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That all the bands
now in the service, organized under the pioviaions
of section seven of an act entitled " An act to in-
crease and fix the military peace establishment of
the United states," approved July 28, 18oG, except
the band at the Military Academy, «hali be honor-
ably discharged without delay, and shall receive iull
pay and allowance to the date of such discharge.
Sec. 4. And be it further cuactcd, Thatit shall be
the duty of the Secretary of War, immediately atter
the passage of this act, to appoint a board ot com-
petent officers, whose duty it shall be to prepare and
submit to the Secretary of War a plan tor the carry-
ing into effect of the provisionsot this act.speciiymg
in detail the manner in which the consolidation ot
regiments hciein provided for shall be efleeted, and
designating from the olhcers of the line, of the sev-
eral grades now in service, those to be retained on
duty with the consolidated regiments, those to be
wholly discharged Irom service, and those, not re-
tained on duty with theregiments herein authorized,
whom it is deemed advisable or proper to retain in
service. And it js heieby made the duty of the Scc-
retaiy of War to submit said plan for the action of
Congress at its next ensuing session, together with
the names and rank of the officers to be retained and
discharged, and until the action of Congress be had
thereon no other action shall be taken on said plan.
Skc. 5. And be it further enacted, Thatlrom and alter
the passage of this act all vacancies occurring among
the commissioned officers of the Army, either line or
stall', of any grade, shall be left unfilled until other-
wise directed by law. The grade ot regimental com-
missary in the several cavalry regiments is hereby
abolished; and the lieutenats now holding the ap-
pointments of regimental commissary may be as-
signed lor duty to companies ol their regiments, and
shall till the first vacancies that may occur in, their
respective grades of first or second lieutenant in the
regiments to which they now belong; and nothing
herein contained shall affect their relative rank with
other lieutenants of their grade.
Sec. 6. And be it Jurther enacted. That the grades
of regimental commissary sergeant, regimental hos-
pital steward, and veterinary surgeon, arc hereby
abolished. The number of coiporais m each com-
pany of cavalry, artillery, and infantry shall be re-
duced to fuui, and the said non-commissioned officers
shall have the privilege ot receiving an honorable
discharge with full pay and allowances to the actual
date thereof, it they shall so elect, m preference to
remaining iu the service in such other grades as may
be assigned to them by the Secretary ot War.
Six. 7. And be it Jurther^ enacted, That no bounty
shall be paid to ade&ei ter from the Army or the N avy
m any ease whate\ or, unless tiie Secretary of War or
the Secretary of the .Navy, as the case may be, shall
previously order the charge ot desertion to be can-
celed, solely on the ground that it had been errone-
ously made.
Sec. 8. And be it fu) titer enacted, That section six
of an act entitled "An act making appiopi lations for
the support of the Army for the year ending June
30, lSbS, and lor other purposes," approved Maich 2,
1867, is hereby repealed.
Sec. y. And be it further cnactca, That the Secretary
of \V fir be, and he is hereby, authomed and required
to deliver to the Governor of each State represented
in the Congress or the United States, at the seat of
governmentot such State as many serviceable Spring-
held rifled muskets of caliber fifty-eight, wi th accou-
terments and equipments complete, as the Governor
of such State shall lequire for the use of the militia
therein, not exceeding the number hereinafter speci-
fied for each State, namely: Maine, live thousand ;
Xew Hampshire, three thousand; Vermont, thiee
thousand; Massachusetts, ten thousand; Rhode i<~
hind, two thousand; Connecticut, Jour thousand:
New York, thirty-one thousand; New Jersey, five
thousand; Pennsylvania, twenty-tour thousand;
Delaware, one thousand ; Maryland, live thousand;
West Vlrginia, three thousand; Ohio, nineteen thou-
sand; Indiana, cloven, thousand; Illinois, fifteen
thousand ; Michigan, cix thousand; Wisconsin six
thousand: Iowa, six thousand; Minnesota, two thou-
sand ; Kansas, one thousand; Nebraska, one thousand;
Nevada, one thousand; California, tineo thousand;
Oregon, one thousand; Kentucky, nine thousand;
Tennessee, eight thousand; Noith Carolina, seven
thousand: South Carolina, lour thousand; Georgia,
eight thuu&and; Florida, one thousand; Alabama,
six thousjnd; Arkansas, three thousand; and Louisi-
ana, five thousand: and the same shall be delivered
only upon the certificate of the Governor ot such
State, showing to the satisfaction ot the Secretary ot
War that the regiments and companies for whicu the
same are required are duly organized ot loyal citizens
of such State under the laws thereof; and said mus-
kets, aecouterments, and equipments shall remain
the property of the United States, subjeet to the
control ot Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to call the
attention of the chairman of the committee to
an amendment, at least by way of suggestion,
to see whether he thinks it is proper. In the
fourth hue of the first section, after the words
" thirty regiments of infantry," 1 think there
ought to be inserted these words: "four of
which shall be the four regiments of the Vete-
ran Eeserve corps."
Mr. WILSON. The committee's amend-
ment provides for the consolidation of the
regiments, and provides that the Veteran Ee-
serve corps of four regiments shall be consoli-
dated, so that we shall have three regiments
instead of four, and that will be all-sufficient,
and more, too, for it is very difficult to keep up
the Veteran Eeserve corps.
Mr. POMEEOY. That may be all right.
I did not know that fact. I know that a great
deal of the service that the Army is rendering
at present can be performed by the Veteran
Eeserve corps, and the men would be paid full
pensions if they were not in the Veteran Ee-
serve corps, and on account of these consider-
ations I thought they ought to be retained.
Mr. WILSON. We retain three regiments
of them.
Mr. POMEEOY. If the Senator has re-
tained three regiments, I will not move an
amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The PEESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on ordering the bill to be engrossed for
a third reading.
Mr. DAVIS. Is this the bill No. C17?
The PEESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. DAVIS. I thought it was another bill
which the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs undertook to make a
special order.
Mr. WILSON. This is tlie bill reducing the
Army, with an amendment as a substitute.
Mr. DAVIS. When was the amendment
offered?
Mr. WILSON. It was offered this morning,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MOEGAN. I think the bill had better
be read a third time. We must dispose of it
before we can do any other business.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not know until this mo-
ment that this amendment was offered to the
bill. I know the original bill had been pre-
sented by the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I did not know
this amendment had been offered until this
moment.
Mr. WILSON. I offered it this morning,
and it was ordered to be printed with a view
of moving it to-night. I will state to the Sen-
ator what the modifications are.
Mr. DAVIS. In some of its features it is
a very important innovation on the other bill.
I have not had an opportunity to look at the
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I will state to the Senator
precisely what it is in a moment.
Mr. DAVIS. I should prefer that the Sen-
ator would agree to postpone it uutil to-morrow
morning.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs were waiting for the House of Eepre-
scntatives to move in this matter, but they have
got into a bad condition on their bill, and my
object is to pas3 this bill now, in the hope that
we shall be able to get it through. It makes
a reduction of twenty-three thousand in the
Army.
Mr. DAVIS. There are some important
provisions in this bill besides the reduction of
the Army.
Mr. WILSON. There are one or two sec-
tions in the bill that were not in the original
bill.
Mr. DAVIS. The section of the bill that dis-
tributes so many arms to the Slates was notm
the other bill.
Mr. WILSON. At the last session we pro-
vided that certain States should not have any
militia. ^ e in this measure repeal that act,
and we provide in the ninth section for allow-
ing the Governors of all the States that are
represented in Congress to call for a number
of Springfield rifled muskets equal to the num-
ber of Representatives in the other House of
Congress, one thousand to each Representa-
tive, The Governor of Kentucky would have
the privilege of calling for nine thousand,
Massachusetts would have ten thousand, ac-
cording to the number of Representatives.
We have two and a half millions of these arras
on hand at the present time. This is a provis-
ion which will enable the States that desire
to arm their militia to arm them with a good
musket, with a fifty-eight caliber Springfield
rifled musket. We have them in abundance on
hand, and good arms and equipments.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Clerk to read the
ninth section.
The Chief Clerk read the ninth section of
the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I had prepared two amend-
ments to the original bill, and I was watching
it and waiting for it, expecting the honorable
Senator to call it up at some convenient hour,
intending to propose my amendments. The
amendment that has been offered by the com-
mittee was just being acted upon as I came
into the Chamber. 1 do not know whether it
was offered as additional sections or a substi-
tute for the original bill. I will thank the
Chair to inform me.
Mr. WILSON. This was an amendment to
the original bill; an entire amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the provision
of this was a separate measure passed by the
House of Representatives eight or ten days
since. It passed on a Friday or Saturday
evening, as I was informed, when there was
not a quorum of the members of the House
present, when there were very few of the mem-
bers present, without any debate, without any
examination whatever. The objects and pur-
poses of that measure from the House I think
are transparent, and I suppose that the same
objects and purposes exist now in making it a
substitute for the original bill of the commit-
tee of the Senate which it has superseded.
Mr. President, %ve are to have during the
coming fall a general election in the United
States, a presidential election 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
eroy in the Chair.) Does the Senator move
an amendment to the bill?
Mr. DAVIS. I am debating the bill. I
desire, and I ask earnestly, not only of the
courtesy, but of the justice of the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
that he will allow this important measure to go
over until morning, that I and other members
who desire to examine it, may have an oppor-
tunity of looking into it deliberately. 1 had
no supposition when the honorable Senator
moved to make his original biil a special order
forthisevening, thatthat bill would be attempted
to be superseded by the measure that had passed
the House. I have not had an opportunity of
examining, much less to be able to proceed to
the consideration of the measure that passed
the House and which has been made to super-
sede as an amendment the original bill of the
honorable Senator. I would, therefore, re-
spectfully, but urgently appeal to his courtesy
to allow me until morning to have an oppor-
tunity to examine the bill. I will be ready
at any hour he may designate to-morrow to
enter upon such discussion of it as 1 choose to
subject it to. 1 will move, with the permission
of the honorable Senator, to make it the special
order for one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will say to the Senator
from Kentucky that in the ordinary course of
proceeding here 1 would most cheerfully com-
ply with his request. I think he knows that.
1 am as much disposed as any Senator to give
way and accommodate Senators. But at this
stage of the session, and with the pressure of
other matters, and with the difficulty 1 have
had to get up this bill at all for some days, I
d  not see how I can consent to do so.
In regard to the section to which he refers,
and which seems to be the only objection he
has to the bill as far as I can hear, I will state
that the House of Representatives passed a bill
the other day providing, for the purpose of
arming the militia, for the distribution to the
States represented in Congress of two thousand
stand of arms and muskets for each congres
sional district and two pieces ot art:illery wi
all the equipments in relation to them. 1 aaye
omitted in this amendment all the 'artJ 1 ®
all the equipments connected with the art le y
and one half of the muskets, believing that the
