THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
appointment of General Thomas, provided the
order to Mr. Stanton was a lawful order and
Mr. Stanton was bound to obey it.
I advance now, Senators, to a different class
of articles, and they may properly enough, I
suppose, be called the conspiracy articles,
because they rest upon charges of conspiracy
between the President and General Thomas.
There are four of them, the fourth, fifth, sixth,
and seventh in number as they stand. The
fourth and the sixth are framed under the act
of July 31,1861, which is found in 12 Statutes-
at-Large, page 284. The fifth and seventh are
framed under no act of Congress. They allege
an unlawful conspiracy, but they refer to no law
by which the acts charged are made unlawful.
The acts charged are called unlawful, but there
is no law referred to and no case made by the arti-
cles within any law of the United States that is
known to the President's counsel. I shall
treat these articles, therefore, the fourth and
sixth together, and the fifth and seventh to-
gether, because I think t.hey belong in that
order. In the first place, let me consider the
fourth and sixth, which charge a conspiracy
within this act which I have just mentioned.
It is necessary for me to read the substance of
this law in order that you may see whether it
can have any possible application to this case.
It was passed on the 81st of July, 1861, as
a war measure, and is entitled, " An act to
define and punish certain conspiracies." It
provides—
"That if two or more persons within any State or
Territory of the United States shall conspire to-
gether to overthrow or to put down or to destroy
by force the Government of the United States, or to
levy war against the United States, or to oppose by
force the authority of the Government of tbe United
States; or by forco to prevent, hinder, or delay tho
executiun of any law of the United States; or by
force to seize, take, or possess any property of tho
United States against the will or contrary to the
authority of tho United States; or by force, or in-
timidation, or threat to prevent any person iroin
accepting or holding any office or trust or place of
confidence under the United States."
These are the descriptions of the offenses.
The fourth and sixth articles contain allega-
tions that the President and General Thomas
conspired together by force, intimidation, and
threats to prevent Mr. Stanton from continu-
ing to hold the office of Secretary for the De-
partment of War ; and also that they conspired
together by force to obtain possession of prop-
erty belonging to the United States. These
are the two articles which I suppose are de-
signed to be drawn under this act; and these
are the allegations which are intended to bring
the articles within it.
Now, it does seem to me that the attempt to
wrest this law to any bearing whatsoever upon
this prosecution is one of the extraordinary
things which the ease contains. In the first
place, so far from having been designed to ap-
ply to the President of the United States or to
any act he might do in the course of the execu-
tion of what he believed to be his duty,it does
not apply to any man or any thing within the
District of Columbia at all.
" If two or more persons within any State or Terri-
tory of the United States."
Not within the District of Columbia. This
is a highly penal law, and an indictment found
in the very words of this act charging things to
have been in the District of Columbia and
returned into the proper court of this District,
I will undertake to say, would not bear a gen-
eral demurrer, because there is locality given
to those things made penal by this act of Con-
gress. It is made applicable to certain portions
of the country, but not made applicable to the
District of Columbia.
But not to dwell upon that technical view
of the matter, and on which wo should not
choose to stand, let us see what is this case.
The President of the United States is of opin-
ion that Mr. Stanton holds the office of Secre-
tary for the Department of \\ ar at hispleasure.
He thinks so, first, because he believes the case
of Mr. Stanton is not provided for in the
tenure-of-oflice act, and no tenure of office is
secured to him. He thinks so, secondly^ be-
cause he believes that it would be judicially
decided, if the question could be raised, that
a law depriving the President of the power of
removing such an officer at his pleasure is not
a constitutional law. He is of opinion that in
this ease he cannot allow this officer to con-
tinue to act as his adviser and as his agent to
execute the laws if he has lawful power to re-
move him ; and under these circumstances he
gives this order to General Thomas.
I do not view this letter of authority to Gen-
eral Thomas as a purely military order. The
service which General Thomas was invoked
for is a civil service; but, at the same time,
Senators will perceive that the person -who
gave the order is the Commander-in-Chief of
the Army; that the person to whom it was
given is the Adjutant General of the Army;
that the subject-matter to which the order re-
lates is the performance of services essential
to carry on the military service; and, there-
fore, when such an order was given by the
Commander-in-Chief to the Adjutant General
respecting a subject of this kind, is it too much
to say that there was invoked that spirit of mili-
tary obedience which constitutes the strength
of the service? Not that it was a purely mil-
itary order; not that General Thomas would
have been subject to a court-martial for dis-
obeying it; but that as a faithful Adjutant
General of the Army of the United States,
interested personally and professionally and
patriotically to have the duties of the office of
Secretary for the Department of War performed
in a temporary vacancy, was it not his duty to
accept the appointment unless he saw and
knew that it was unlawful to acccpt it? I do
not know how, in fact, he personally consid-
ered it; there has been no proof given on the
subject; but I have always assumed—I think
Senators will assume—-that when the distin-
guished General of the Army of the United
States, on a previous occasion, accepted a sim-
ilar appointment, it was under views of propri-
ety and duty such as those which I have now
been speaking of; and how and why is there to
be attributed to General Thomas, as a cocon-
spirator, the guilty intent of designing to over-
throw the laws of his country, when a fair and
just view of his conduct would leave him en-
tirely without reproach?
And when you come, Senators, to the other
coconspirator, the President of the United
States, is not the case still clearer. Make it
a case of private right, if you please ; put it as
strongly as possible against the President in
order to test the question. One of you has a
claim to property; it may be a disputed claim ;
it is a claim which be believes may prove, when
judicially examined, to be sound and good. He
says to A B, " Go to C D, who is in posses-
sion of that property ; 1 give you this order to
him to give it up to you ; and if he gives it up
take possession." Did anybody ever imagine
that that was a conspiracy ? Does not every
lawyer know that the moment you introduce
into any transaction of this kind the element
of a claim of right all criminal elements are
purged at once: and that this is always true
between man and man where it is a simple
assertion of private right, the parties to which
| are at liberty either to assert, them or forego
i them, as they please? But this was not such
a case; this was a case of public right, of pub-
lic duty, of public right claimed upon consti-
tutional grounds and upon the interpretation
of the law which had been given to it by the
ij law-makers themselves, llow can the Presi-
jj dent of the United States, under such circum-
!; stances, be looked upon by anybody, whether
|; he may or may not be guilty or not guilty ot
ij other things as a coconspirator under this act?
|j These articles say that the conspiracy between
Ij the President and General Thomas was to em-
;i ployTorce, threats, intimidation. What they
- have proved against the President is that he
ij issued these orders, and that alone. Now, on
j! the face of these orders, there is no apology
jj for the assertion that it was the design of the
|! President that anybody at any time should use
j force, threats, or intimidation. The order is to
j| Mr. Stanton to deliver up possession. The
order to General Thomas is to receive posses-
sion from Mr. Stantop when he delivers it up.
No force is assigned to him ; no authority 'is
given to him to apply for or use any force,
threats, or intimidation. There is not only^iio
express authority, but there is no implR-atioft'*
of any authority to apply for or obtain or use
anything but the order which was given htm'
to hand to Mr. Stanton; and we shall offef
proof, Senators, which we think cannot fail td
be satisfactory in point of fact, that the Presi-
dent from the first had in vie# simply and
solely to test this question by the law; that if
this was a conspiracy it was a conspiracy io go
to law, and that was the whole of it. We
shall show you what advice the President re-
ceived on this subject, what views in coneerfc
with his advisers he entertained, which, of
course, it is not my province now to comment
upon ; the evidence must first be adduced, then
it will be time to consider it.
The other two conspiracy articles will require
very little observation from me, because they
contain no new allegations of fact which"are
not in the fourth and sixth articles, which I
, have already adverted to; and the only dis-
tinction between them and the others is that
they are not founded upon this conspiracy act
of 18G1; they simply allege an unlawful con-
spiracy, and leave the matter there. They do
not allege sufficient facts to bring the case
within the act of 1861. In other words, they
do not allege force, threats, or intimidation.
1 shall have occasion to remark upon these
articles when I come to speak of the tenth ar-
ticle, because these articles, as^ you perceive,
come within that category which the honor-
able Manager announced here at an early period
of the trial; articles which require no law to
support them ; and when I come to speak of
the tenth article, as I shall have occasion to
discuss this subject, I wish that my remarks, so
far as they may'be deemed applicable, should
be applied to these fifth and seventh articles
which I have thus passed over.
1 shall detain the Senate but a moment upon
the ninth article, which is the one relating to
the conversation with General Emory. The
meaning of this article, as I read it, is that the
President brought General Emory before him-
self as Commander-in-Chief of the Army for
the purpose of instructing him to disobey the
law, with an intent to induce General Emory to
disobey it, and with intent to enable himself
unlawfully and by the use of military force
through General Emory, to prevent Mr. Stan-
ton from continuing to hold office. Now, I
submit that, not only does this article fail of
proof in its substance as thus detailed, but
that it is disproved by the witness whom they
have introduced to support it. In the first
place, it appears clearly from General Emory's
statement that the President did not bring him
there for any purpose connected with this
appropriation bill affecting the command of
the Army, or the orders given to the Army.
This subject General Emory introduced him-
self, and when the conversation was broken
off' it was again recurred to by himself asking
the President's permission to bring it to his at-
tention. Whatsoever was said upon that sub-
ject was said not becausc the President of the
United States had brought the commander of
the department of Washington before him for
tnat purpose, but because, havingbroughthim
there for another purpose, to which I shall
allude in a moment, the commanding General
chose himself to introduce that subject and
converse upon it, and obtain the President's
views upon it.
In the next place, having his attention called
to the act of Congress and to the order under
it, the President expressed precisely the same
opinion to General Emory that he had; pre-
viously publicly expressed to Congress itself
at. the time when the act was sent to him for
his signature ; and there is found set out in his
answer on page-32 of the official report of these
proceedings what that opinion was ; that he
considered that this provision interfered with
his constitutional right as the Commander-in-
