1168
the* congressional globe.
February 14,
Mr. YATES. If that anecdote.wafi read for
my edification 1 should like to reply to it. I
presume, as a father, I would be weak enough
to pardon my son for whatever offense he might
have committed, were I Governor of the State.
Hut that was a matter after thefact:. This was
a matter before the fact. The question in this
case was, whether this boy was going out to
fight against his country. It was not whether
he had committed an offense and had been
convicted of that offense, and whether execu-
tive clemency should be extended; but it was
a question before the fact. It was after this
man had himself gone out with those other
inen who had organized secession and civil
war and raised the flag of rebellion against
this country, after he had himself left the Cab-
inet because Mr. Buchanan proposed to send a
• force to the relief of Major Anderson, and it
was before the crime 'hacl been committed by
this bo^. The donation of the $100 was in
direct aid of the rebellion, just as much so as
if I had got a soldier to enlist and paid him a
bounty or compensation for going to the war.
There can be no distinction, there is no dis-
tinction, except that the offense was greater in
the fact that he permitted his own son, blood
of his blood, to assist in the rebellion against
the country. I am very familiar with the case
of Governor Desha. I do not say that! would
have acted differently from what he did, al-
though his conduct, you will remember, was
very severely censured by a very large portion
of the intelligent people of Kentucky and Ohio
and the Northwest.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I read this anecdote
for quite a different purpose from what the
Senator supposes. I did not read it as a case
exactly analogous to the present; I read it for
the jpurpose of showing the Senator the man-
ner m which a great and good man, justly dis-
tinguished in the history of this country, viewed
the relations of parent and son; how he dis-
tinguished them from the relations which might
exist between the parent and a stranger. In
the one case it would be his duty to discharge
upon the culprit the utmost vengeance of the
criminal law; in the other ease he would be
excused for giving way to those natural feel-
ings of humanity and of affection which have
their place in the human breast.
The application of' the illustration to the
present case is this: that whereas gentlemen
complain that Mr. Thomas did not exert him-
self more than he did to prevent his son from
going into the rebel service, that he did not
use those powers of coercion and of resistance
which possibly, by extreme diligence, he'might
have called into requisition, he is nevertheless
to be excused because this was the case of his
son, and because he only yielded to natural
affection and to natural feelings instead of a
feeling of rebellious enmity to the Government
of the United States. If we were to be judged
by an abstract and severe rule in all the rela-
tions of domestic life no man could stand free
from censure and condemnation.
I have but one other suggestion to make, and
that is this: I understand that a man elected
by a State of this Union to a seat on this floor
is entitled to his place here and to vote here
equally with ourselves unless he is excluded by
some law of the United States, either funda-
mental or statute. Now, sir, where is there a
law of the United States excluding Mr. Thomas
from a seat on this floor, or excluding him
from the privilege of taking an oath at your
table which will admit him to this floor, upon
*tny one of the leading points which have been
suggested in this debate? It was not an offense
against any law of the United States, past or
present, that Mr. Thomas should disagree with
other patriotic persons with reference to the
proceedings in Charleston harbor. It was no
offense against any statute of the United States
that he made a speech at Annapolis, in which
he used terms of political denunciation or
unfriendliness toward the majority in either or
both Houses of Congress. It was not a crimi-
nal offense of his that he resigned the office of
Secretary of'-the Treasury of the United States
■under the circumstances and impelled by the
motives which I have "described.
What, then, can the opposition to Mr. Thomas
be placed upon ? What is its foundation ?
It must be an appeal to the passions and to
the feelings of the members of the Senate. If
he shall stand acquitted of having had a crim-
inal intention in giving his son $100, which is
the single point the committee have reported
to us for judgment, there is nothing remaining
in this case upon which the Senate can predi-
cate an honest and legal judgment against
him ; there is nothing which comes within the
purview of any statutory enactment.
I go further, and I say that no matter whether
Mr. Thomas was in favor of the late war which
we waged against the people of the rebellious
States or not, in either cass- he is entitled to
his seat upon this floor under the Constitution
and laws of the United States. Even if shown
to have been opposed in sentiment and speech
to the war, he is no more disqualified from a
seat on this floor than Mr. Cobden or Mr.
Bright were disqualified for a seat in the British
Paiiiamentbecause they denounced the Chinese
war. Even if he had openly opposed by speech
and vote the prosecution of the war in the
midst of it and throughout the whole of it, he
would be no more disqualified for a seat in this
Senate than was Mr. Burke for a seat in the
House of Commons or the Earl of Chatham
for a seat in the House of Lords during the
American Revolution, when they hurled the
thunders of their denunciation at the ministry
for prosecuting a war against the American
colonies. He would be no more disqualified
for a seat in this Senate than would the Whig
members of Congress and the Whig editors of
newspapers who opposed the Mexican war
with all those terms of vituperation which can
be gleaned from our political annals. He
would be no more disqualified, in short, for a
seat in this Senate than any other citizen of
the United States who in any one of the public
wars in which we have been engaged had
exerted himself to prevent the war being begun
or from being carried on, but who did not
break or violate the laws of the country in
opposing the Government while the war was
being conducted. There is the point. I have
the right to oppose and to denounce any war
in which this country may be engaged, to
oppose it throughout, in Congress, if 1 am in
Congress, or to oppose it as a citizen at the
polls ; but I have no right to give aid and
comfort to the enemy by furnishing them arms,
by furnishing or encouraging persons to enlist
in their service, or by doing any "positive act
which will enable them to resist my own Gov-
ernment in the straggle.
That is the point; that is the principle upon
which we can argue this case. If Mr. Thomas
did any act or thing in the late war in aid of
the enemies of the country such as is con-
demned by the law of the land J have nothing
to say. But for gentlemen to stand upon this
floor, and by simple denunciations of this gen-
tleman as a rebel sympathizer, or as an oppo-
nent of the war politically, and upon such
ground as that to exclude him from his seat, is
to outrage every principle which ought to be
held sacred with regard to membership in this
body, to outrage every principle of free gov-
ernment, which secures the free speech and
the free action of the citizen so long as he
keeps within the limits of the public laws of the
land, which have been enacted by competent
authority.
Sir, go back to the war of 1812, when Feder-
alism thundered against "Jim Madison's war,"
as it was nicknamed, and in Congress and
out of it sympathized with the enemy. Was
that criminal V Were any of those engaged in
that unpatriotic conduct in or out of Congress
disqualified for seats in Congress? No, sir.
They were responsible only at the bar of pub-
lic opinion, and there they were held responsi-
ble, and that for two or three successive gen-
erations.
The true condemnation upon political heresy
or political misconduct in this country is to
hold it up at the bar of the people, to bring it
up for judgment at the polls which have been
established to try questions of this kind. It is
not that members of Congress shall overstep
the limits of law and of duty here and try and
punish these persons by excluding them from
the public offices of the country established and
regulated by law. The remedy is in the pop-
ular forum. It is in the tribunals where the
judgment of the people is pronounced, where
their sovereign voice is uttered, where men
who misbehave themselves politically can be
called to account and can be judged and con-
demned.
I protest against the justice and the legality
of such an argument as that submitted yester-
day by the able Senator from Ohio, in which,
by appeals to our feelings against unpatriotic
men in the late war, we are to torture and
pervert the laws of this country which relate
to representation in Congress. I say it makes
no difference whether a man in the North was
or was not a rebel sympathizer, so far as the
legal question, which is the only one we can
decide here, is concerned. If he sympathized
with that rebellion and desired its success he
had and has my judgment and emotions
against him; and everywhere, upon proper
occasion, I would brand him as heretical and
unpatriotic. But I know that under the free
institutions which were established for us by
our ancestors, and under which we live, we ace
to tolerate opposing opinion, even when we
think it mischievous and wrong and evil. We
must tolerate each other, or we must give up
our system of government; we must take some
despotic form, we must have a dictatorship or
some other system or form which will enable
intolerance to do its work. It is not possible
under our republican institutions to have such
laws of action marked out for public men as
that proposed yesterday by the Senator from
Ohio, that because a political opponent may
think a man has been unpatriotic in a war, that
he has even sympathized with the rebellion,
that he has not been a patriot in his-emotions
or in his soul, therefore he is to stand con-
demned, without law, too, without the produc-
tion of a statute to warrant the jurisdiction you
are to exercise over fiim.
No, sir; go with your impassioned appeals
to the people; there is your true forum of
debate; there is the tribunal to which you
are to appeal; .but do not come here to us
who are acting under oath to administer the
laws, of the country, to apply the Constitution,
and to give the law, and the true law, of this
land to every man who comes before us; do
not come here and ask us to trample upon
those laws and upon that Constitution, to do
here a work which may be done by the people,
and can be done only by them—to condemn a
man l'or his political opinions and political
conduct while he has kept within the limits of
the law.
Independent of this, however, Mr. Presi-
dent, I insist that Mr. Thomas stands before
us free and clear from any imputation of unpa-
triotic conduct, unless it is predicated upon
this donation of money to his son under ex-
treme circumstances which remove the badge
of guilt from the transaction. I insist that he
resigned the office of Secretary of the Treasury
because he was embarrassed by this committee
from New ork, and because at that time he
thought that, by preventing a collision at
Charleston for the time being, the country could
be kept together; that some treaty or nego-
tiation would succeed; that we would not be
■plunged into war and tug at each other's throats,
and this land be deluged with blood. No matter
whether lie was mistaken or not, his act was
not criminal in its motive, nor was it in its
effect. He resigned the Treasury and gave it
overto General Dix, .a man who carried your
flag in the war, and whose name is honorably
identified with it. Was that aiding the rebel-
lion ? Can you pretend it without most arrant
hypocrisy ? Did .he aid the rebellion by resign-
ing the Treasury to a statesman and general
of the l te war, thus enabling aU the powers
