1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2198
this argument on a former occasion, and as the
Senate chose to take up the bill against my
vote at this time I concluded to adapt myself
to their action, and to go on. One thing is cer-
tain : so much interest do I feel in this ques-
tion—not because this single man is involved,
but because there are a vast number of cases
behind this for which this will form a prece-
dent—that I should consider myself derelict in
the performance of public duty if I did not dis-
cuss it; and I entertain a strong hope that the
Senate will refuse to pass this bill, and that
for very good reasons shown. I desire to ad-
dress myself to the Senate itself with reference
to the decision of this case here, not for the
purpose of influencing public opinion out of
doors.
Mr. PRE LING HUYSEN. Will it be agree-
able to the Senator to give way?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will give way to a
motion to adjourn.
Mr. FKELINGHUYSEN. I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Satubday, March 28, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
canal around des moines itapids.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous eon-
sent presented a joint resolution of the General
Assembly of the State of Iowa, in favor of the
Eassage of a law indemnifying the citizens of
ee county, Iowa, for land and property used
in the construction of a canal around the Des
Moines rapids in the Mississippi river; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
swamp lands in iowa.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the General Assem-
bly of Iowa, relative to swamp land selections
mn 3c by the agents of the State during the years
1859, 1860, and 1861; which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Barnes
till Monday, April 6, and to Mr. McCoiuiick
indefinitely.
leave to print remarks.
Leave to print remarks was granted to Mr.
Moorhead, who would have been entitled to the
floor to-day, if it had been assigned to debate
on the President's message. [See Appendix.]
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (II. R. No.
97G) amendatory of an act entitled " An act
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year 18G3, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July 14, 1862 ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
reorganization of navy department.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, by unan-
imous consent, also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 977) to amend an act entitled '' An act to
reorganize the Navy Departmentof thelTnited
States;" approved July 5, 1802; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
change of coinage.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent. presented the following preamble and
resolutions adopted at a meeting of the Toledo
Board of Trade, held on the Sd day of March,
1808: which was ordered to be printed in the
Congressional Globe:
Whereas Senator Sherman, chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee, has submitted a bill to the Ameri-
can Senate to change the coin of the United States
to correspond with the Froneh system, the same to
bear on one side the emblems of France and the value
of sueli coin in the French language, and the reverse
to show American devices and the value in English;
40th Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 138.
and whereas the expense of Abe proposed change is
estimated by Commissioner Ruggles to be $600,000, to
be paid by the United States; and whereas the only
reason presented in support "of this scheme is the
better and freer circulation which it will socure for
our coin in Europe, increasing the demand for pre-
cious metals in our markets, and stimulating ship-
ments of the same to foreign countries: Therefore,
lie it resolved, That in the judgment of the hoard
the decimal system of coinage originating with our
organization as a nation and rooted in the habits
and love of the people should not be abandoned to
suit the standard adopte I by foreign countries.
Resolved. That the French system offers no advan-
tage to domestic commerce or the trade and industry
is hereby further empowered to submit said consti-
tution to the electors of Alabama qualified to Vote
unuersaid constitution, for their ratification or rejec-
tion at such time or times a3 it may designate, .And
said Legislature is also required to submit with the
said constitution the " article" proposed in the fifth
section of this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thatwheneverthe
people, by a majority vote of the qualified electors
of Alabama, sballhaveratifiedsaidconsiitutionsub-
mitted ns aforesaid, together with the article pro-
posed in the filth section, and the Legislature of the
proposed State organization shall have ratified the
amendment to the Constitution of the United States
proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known
of the country, and the wants of our people do not 11 as article fourteen, the constitution of Alabama may
demandtheproposedchange in ournationalcoinage. :i K" t.-. r,.sv..>- ;<-■
Resolved, That the secretary be requested to in-
close a copy of this fiction to each of our Senators
and Representatives in Congress.
DEXISON B. SMITH, Vice President.
CakLOS CoI-to;;, Secretary.
message mom tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the joint resolution (H. R. No. 19)
directing that certain moneys now in the hands
ofthe United States Treasurer, as special agent
of the Treasury Depaitment, be covered by
warrant into the United States Treasury.
staff officers of the navy.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 978) to equalize the
grade of the staff corps of the Navy; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
rights of american citizens.
Mr. JUDD, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions in relation to the rights of
citizens of the United States of America;
which were referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
postponement of private business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that private
business be postponed for this day for the pur-
pose of proceeding with the Alabama bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope not. Private
bills have had no show. I hope the gentleman
will at least modify his motion so as to post-
pone private business until the Alabama bill
shall be disposed of. so that if it shall be dis-
posed of before the close of the day private
business may be taken up.
Mr. FARNSTVORTH. I will modify ray
motion in that way.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.,
admission of alabama.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 970) to admit the State
of Alabama to representation in Congress,
upon which Mr. Krait was entitled to the floor.
Mr. ASIILRY, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Indiana to yield to me to olf'er an
amendment to the substitute of my colleague,
[Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. KERR. I make no objection if it does
not come out of time.
The SPEAKER. It is in the power of the
House to amend the substitute, but the power
to amend the original bill is exhausted.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to amend
the substitute by striking it out and inserting
in lieu thereof the following:
That the constitution framed by the convention of
Alabama, which was submitted for ranficalion by
the people at an election commencing on the 4th day
of February, 1S6S. is hereby declared to be the lund.i-
mental and organic law for a provisional government
for the people of Alabama, so far as the -auie is not
n- . , . .1- xi... /I  
ia conflict with the Constitution and laws of thet1 ni
ted States. And all State, county, and muuiupal
1 officers elected at said election shall, on the l>t day
of May, 18oS, or as soon thereafter as possible, qual-
ify as provided in said constitution and the ordi-
nances of said convention, and immediately there-
after enter upon the discharge of the duties of their
respective offices.
8ec. 2. And be it .further enuettd, That the Governor
at any time after he shall have qualified and entered
upon the discharge of the dudes of his office, may by
proclamation convene the Legislature chosen at said
election. The Legislature, when so convened, shall
possess all the power conferred by said constitution,
which may not be in conflict with the Constitution
and Jaws of the United States. And the Legislature
be presented to Congress for its approval.
Sec. 4. And be it further rnactca, That the district
commanders shall furnish all necessary aid in enforc-
ing this act, and the act of March 2,1807, entitled
"An act to provide for a moie efficient government
for the rebel States," and the acts supplemental to
and amendatory thereof, filial 1 remain in lull force
except as modified by this act, until Alabama shall
be restored to representation in Congress.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted. That the State of
Alabama shall be entitled to resume its constitu-
tional relations with the national Government upon
the fundamental condition that the following article
shall be adopted and made a part of the constitu-
tion of said State, which shall be foiever irrevocable
without the consent of the Congress ot the United
States: " This Constitution shall never be so altered
or amended as to operate as a denial or abridgment
of the elective franchise to any citizen of the United
States qualified to vote under this Constitution, and
no amendment of said Constitution shall .hereafter
be valid until the same shall be ratified by a majority
ofthe qualified electors of this State, and shall have
been approved by the Congress of the United States."
"Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has that amendment
been printed ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It has not. I ask
that it may be printed if no vote is to be taken
on this bill to-day.
Mr. FAHNSWO&TII. I intend to call for
a vote to-day.
Mr. KEilU. Mr. Speaker, it has many times
been asserted in the history of Governments
that revolutions never go backward. It seems
now to be one of the tenets of the Radical
l party of this country that revolutions shall
i not only never go backward, but that they
j shall never cease to go forward and it seems
j to have become so much a part of their polit-
| ical faith that it has become a necessity to
! them in the progress of their revolution to
| disregard and override their own laws and
| violate the provisions of their own statutes,
! in order to remove obstacles that arise in the
■j course of their political measures and schemes.
;! It is pretended now by the gentleman from
\> Illinois [Mr. Farxswortii] that by some sort
of torturing we may derive from the recon-
|i struction measures themselves some justifi-
cation for the proposed action of Congress.
an impossibility to find any
such a construction, unless
ade with a predetermina-
tion to find it. The spirit and intent of the
reconstruction laws are utterly opposed to it.
Everybody at the date of the laws understood
them expressly to give the choice of modes in
the rejection of any constitution that might be
formed and submitted to the people.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxs-
woiitii] and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kru/nv] attempted by a verbal criticism
upon the terms of the fifth section to justify
the pending measure. Let us see if their ap-
peal to that section affords any relief.
I, too. invite the attention of gentlemen to
the same section in order, by a single word, to
expose the fallacy that is apparent in his at-
tempt to make that section justify this proposed
legislation. I will read it:
" Svc. 5. And bo it further enacted. That if, according
to said returns, the constitution shall be ratified by
a majority oi the votes ot the l entered electors
qualified a? herein specified, ea-t at said t lection, (at
least one halt or all the registeieu voters voting upon
the question ot ^ueh ratnleauon,) the president ot the
convention ^hall transmit a o p> oi the same, duly
certified, to the President of the Tinted Srates, who
_ shall forthwith transmit the same to Conjgiess, if
then m mj.-moo. and it not in session, then immedi-
ately upon U> next assembling; and"—
1 ask especial attention to the following por-
tion of the section :
"if it shall, Moreowr, appear to Congress that the
election vru&one at which all the rogistered^and quail-
fip(l fliH<tnra in the State had an opportunity to vote
{'reels' ana without restraint, fear, or tbe mnuenca
■ j1 cation for the proj
i It will be found ai
• \./lusfc excuse for su
,'°,n T the search be ra.i'
