THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
■which I think it is the duty of the counsel to
the President to advert to. So far as regards
the preceding articles, the first eight articles
are framed upon allegations that the President
broke a law. I suppose the honorable Man-
agers do not intend to carry their doctrine so
far as to say that unless you find the President
did intentionally break a law those articles are
supported. As to those articles there is some
law unquestionably, the very gist of the charge
being that he broke a law. You must find that
the law existed; you must construe it and
apply it to the case; you must find liis crim-
inal intent willfully to break the law, before
the articles can be supported. But wo come
now to this tenth article, which depends upon
no law at all, but, as I have said, is attended
with some extraordinary peculiarities.
The complaint is that the President made
speeches against Congress. The true state-
ment here would be much more restricted than
that; for although in those speeches the Pres-
ident used the word "Congress," undoubtedly
he did not mean the entire constitutional body
organized under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States ; he meant the dominant majority
in Congress. Everybody so understood it;
everybody must so understand it. But the
complaint is that he made speeches against
those who governed in Congress. Well, who
are the grand jury in this case? One of the
parties spoken against. And who are the fry-
ers? The other party spoken against. One
would think there was some incongruity in
this; some reason for giving pause before tak-
ing any very great stride in that direction. The
honorable House of Representatives sends its
Managers here to take notice of what? That
the House of Representatives has erected itself
into a school of manners, selecting from its
ranks those gentlemen whom it deems most
competent by precept antj example to teach
decorum of speech; and they desire the judg-
ment of this body whether the President has
not been guilty of indecorum, whether he has
spoken properly, to use the phrase of the hon-
orable Manager. Now, there used to be an
old-fashioned notion that although there might
be a difference of taste about oral speeches,
and, no doubt, always has been and always
will be many such differences, there was one
very important test in reference to them, and
that is whether they are true or false; but it
seems that in this case that is 110 test at all.
The honorable Manager, in opening the case,
finding, I suppose, that it was necessary, in
some manner, to advert to that subject, has
done it in terms which I will read to you:
"The words are not alleged to lje either false or
defamatory, because it is not within the power ot
any man, however high his official position, in cffcct
to slander the Congress of the United States, in the
ordinary sense of that word, so as to call on Con-
gress to answer as to the truth of the accusation."
Considering the nature of our Government,
considering the experience which we have gone
through on this subject, that is a pretty lofty
claim. Why, if the Senate please, if you go
back to the time of the Plantagenets and seek
for precedents there, you will not find so lofty
a claim as that. I beg leave to read from two
statutes, the first being 3 Edward I, ch. 34, and
the second 2 Richard II, ch. 1, a short passage.
The statute, 3 Edward I, ch. 34, after the pre-
amble, enacts—
"That from henceforth none be so hardy to tell
or publish any false news or tales, whereby discord
or occasion of discord or slander may grow between
the king and his people, or the great men of the
realm ; and he that doeth so shall be taken and kept
in until lie hath brought him into court which was
the first author of the tale."
The statute 2 Richard II, c. 1, s. 5, enacted
with some alterations the previous statute. It
commenced thus :
"Of devisors offalsenews andofhorrible andfalse
lies of prelates, dukes, carls, barons, and other nobles
and great men of the realm; and also of the chan-
cellor, treasurer, clerk of the privy seal, steward of
the king's house, justices of the one bench or of the
other, and of other great officers of the realm."
The great men of the realm in the time of
Richard II were protected only against " horri-
ble and false lies," and when we arrive in the
course of our national experience during the
war with France and the administration of
Mr. Adams to that attempt to check, not free
speech, but free writing, Senators will find that
although it applied only to written libels it.
contained an express section that the truth
might be given in evidence. That was a law,
as Senators know, making it penal by written
libels to excite the hatred or contempt of the
people against Congress among other offenses;
but the estimate of the elevation of Congress
above the people was not so high but that it was
thought proper to allow a defense of the truth
to be given in evidence. I beg leave to read
from this sedition act a part of one section
and make a reference to another to support
the correctness of what I have said. It is found
in Statutes-at-Large, page 596:
*' That if any person shall write, print, utter, or
publish, or shall cause or procure to be written,
printed, uttered, or published, or shall knowingly
and willingly assist or aid in writing, printing, utter-
ing, or publishing any false, scandalous, and mali-
cious writing or writings against the Government of
the United States, or either House of the Congress
of tlic United States, or the President of the United
States, with intent to defamo the said Government,
or cither House of the said Congress, or the said Pres-
ident, or to bring them, or either or any of them tho
hatred of the good people of the United States, or to
stir up sedition within the United States, or to excite
any unlawful combinations therein," &c.
Section three provides—
44 That if any person shall be prosecuted under this
act for tho writing or publishing any libel aforesaid,
it shall be lawful for the defendant, upon tho trial
of the cause, to give in evidence in his defense the
truth of the matter contained in tho publication
charged as a libel. And the jury who shall try the
causeshall have a right to determine the law and tho
fact, under the direction of the court, as in other
cases."
In contrast with the views expressed here,
I-desire now to read from the fourth volume
of Mr. Madison's works, pages 542 and 547,
passages which, in my judgment, are as mas-
terly as anything Mr. Madison ever wrote,
upon the relations of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States to the people of the United States
in contrast with the relations of the Govern-
ment of Great Britain to the people of that
island ; and the necessity which the nature of
our Government lays us under to preserve
freedom of the press and freedom of speech:
"The essential difference between the British Gov-
ernment and tho American Constitution will place
this subject in tile clearest light.
"In the British Government the danger of en-
croachments on the rights of the people is under-
stood to bo eonlined to the Executive Magistrate.
The Representatives of the people in tho Legislature
arc only exempt themselves from distrust, but are
considered as sufficient guardians of tho rights of
their constituents againstthe danger from the Exec-
utive. Hencc it is a principle that the Parliament is
unlimited 111 its power, or, in their own language, is
omnipotent. IIonce, too, all the ramparts for protect-
ing the rights ot tho people—such as their Magna
Charta, tticir Hill of Kights, &e.—are not reared
against the Parliament, but against the royal pre-
rogative. They arc merely legislative precautions
against Executive usurpations. Under such a Gov-
ernment ;:s this, an exemption of the press from pre-
vious restraint, by licensers appointed bv the king,
is alt the freedom that can be secured to it.
"In the United States the ease is altogether differ-
ent. The people, not tho Government, possess tho
absolute sovereignty. The; Legislature, no less than
the Executive, is under limitations of power. En-
croachments arc regarded as po.^ible from the one
as well as from the other, ftonce, in the United
States, the great and es-cntial rights of the people
are secured against legislative as well as against ex-
ecutive ambition. They are secured, not by laws
paramount to prerogative, but by constitutions par-
amount to laws. Thissecm ity of the freedom of the
press requires that it should boexempt not onlyfrom
, previous restraint by the Executive, as in Great
! Britain, but from legislative restraint also; and this
; exemption, to be ejicctual.mustbean exemptionnot
; only from the previous inspection of licenses, but
i from the Mihsequent penaltv of laws."
I One other passage on page 547, which has
i an extraoidinary application to the subject now
before yon :
"1. The Constitution supposes that the President,
the Congress, and each of its Houses may not dis-
charge their trusts, either from defect ot judgment
or other causes. licnee they arc all made responsi-
ble to then- constituents at the retaining periods of
election; and the President, who is singly intrusted
with very great powers, is, as a further guard, sub-
jected to an intermediate impeachment.
"2. Should it happen, a- the Constitution supposes
it may happen, that either ot these branches ot tho
Government may not ha.vt; <Usly its trust,
it id natural and proper that, according to the cause
and degree of their faults, they should bo brought
into contempt or disrepute, and Incur the hatred of
thepeople.
"S. Whether it has, in any ease, happened that tho
proceedings of either or all of those branches evince
such a violation of duty as to justify a contempt,'a
disrepute, or hatred among the people, ean only be
determined by a free examination thereof, and a free
communication among the people thereon.
"4. Whenever it may have actually happened that
proceedings of this sort are chargeable on all' or
either of the branches of the Government, it is, tho
duty, as well as right, of intelligent and faithful citi-
zens to discuss and promulge them freely, as well to
control them by the censorship of the public opin-
ion as to promote a remedy according to the rules of
the Constitution. And it cannot be avoided that
those who are to apply the remedy must feel, in some
degree, a contempt or hatred against the transgress-
ing party."
These observations of Mr. Madison were
made in respect to the freedom of the press.
There were two views entertained at the time
when the sedition law was passed concerning
the power of Congress over this subject. The
one view was that when the Constitution spoke
of freedom of the press it referred to the com-
mon-law definition of that freedom. That was
the view which Mr. Madison was controverting
in one of the passages which I have read to
you. The other view was that the common-
law definition >could not be deemed applicable,
and that the freedom provided for by the Con-
stitution, so far as the action of Congress was
concerned, was an absolute freedom of the
press. But no one ever imagined that freedom
of speech, in contradistinction from written
libel, could be restrained by a law of Congress;
for whether you treat the prohibition in the
Constitution as absolute in itself or whether
yon refer to the common law for a definition
of its limits and meaning the result will be the
same. Under the common law no man was
ever punished criminally for spoken words.
If he slandered his neighbor and injured him,
he must make good in damages to his neighbor
the injury he had done; but there was no such
thing at the common law as an indictment for
spoken words. So that this prohibition in the
Constitution against any legislation by Con-
gress in restraint of the freedom of speech is
necessarily an absolute prohibition; and there-
fore this is a case not only where there is 110
law made prior to the act to punish the act,
but a case where Congress is expressly pro-
hibited from making any law to operate even
on subsequent acts.
What is the law to be ? Suppose it is, as the
honorable Managers seem to think it should
be, the sense of propriety of each Senator ap-
pealed to. What is it to be ? The only rule
I have heard—the only rule which can be an-
nounced—is that you may require the speaker
to spealc properly. Who are to be the judges
whether he speaks properly? In this case the
Senate of the United States on the presentation
of the House of Representatives of the United
States ; and that is supposed to be the freedom
of speech secured by this absolute prohibition
of the Constitution. That is the same free-
dom of speech, Senators, in consequence of
which thousands of men went to the scaffold
under the Tudors and the Stuarts. That is
the same freedom of speech which caused
thousands of heads of men and of women to
roll from the guillotine in France. That is
the same freedom of speech which has caused
in our day more than once ''order to reign in
Warsaw." The persons did not speak prop-
erly in the apprehension of the judges before
whom they were brought. Is that the freedom
of speech intended to bo secured by our Con-
stitution ?
Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, I have to
detain you but a very short time longer, and
that is by a few observations concerning the
eleventh articlc, and they will be very few, for
the reason that the eleventh article, as I un-
derstand it, contains nothing new which needs
any notice from me. It appears by the official
copy of the articles which is before us, the
printed eopy, that this article was adopted at
a later period than the preceding nine articles,
and 1 suppose it has that appearance, that the
honorable Managers, looking over the work
