1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
he also ignorant of the perfectly notorious fact
that the rebels were at that moment endeavor-
ing to raise a military force and to beleaguer
the city^ of Washington with the design of
seizing it, and, at all events, preventing the
inauguration of President Lincoln in the suc-
ceeding March? He could not have been igno-
rant of these military and warlike preparations.
It is impossible to believe for a moment that he
was ignorant of the extent and malignity- of
the traitorous preparations made to capture
the_ very capital of the nation, where lie was
acting as one of its principal public function-
aries.
On the 26th of December Fort Moultrie was
evacuated.
On the same day the South Carolina com-
missioners arrived at Washington; they came
here for the purpose of putting themselves in
negotiation with the executive branch of the
Government of the United States and for the pur-
pose of settling the question of " property" in
the forts and other public works in the State
of South Carolina—for the purpose of entering
into a treaty by which the Government was to
cede and transfer to South Carolina the pub-
lic property within her limits. Was Thomas
ignorant of their mission ? Is it not likely that
he was as well acquainted with the object of
this strange mission as was the President of the
United States? It must be presumed that he
well understood the object and well understood
the fact that those commissioners were in the
city of Washington for that purpose.
On the 27th of December the United States
revenue-cutter known as the "William Aiken"
was treacherously given up to the South Car-
olina rebel authorities at Charleston. Was
Thomas ignorant of this ?
On the 28th of the same month the palmetto
flag was raised over the custom-house and post
office in Charleston, and Fort Moultrie and
Castle Pinckney were taken psosession of by
the South Carolina military, under the order
of Governor Pickens, the rebel Governor of
the State. Was Thomas ignorant of this?
Did he not know that it was as distinct an act
of war against the Government of the United
States as could well be perpetrated ?
On the 29th Floyd, the Secretary of War,
resigned his commission because the President
refused to withdraw the troops from Charleston
harbor. Was Thomas ignorant of this ? Was
he ignorant of the motive which led Floyd to
withdraw from the Cabinet? Did he not know
that Floyd was at heart a traitor? Did he not
know that during his whole administration he
had boon fomenting the rebellion and secretly
and artfully giving it aid and comfort in every
possible form of which he was capable, and in
every nook and corner of the land where it was
possible for him to operate? Of course he
knew it. "No man could be so ignorant and
be in the Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan as not to
understand the tergiversations, the twistings,
and the windings of John B. Floyd.
On the 30th of December the South Carolina
troops took possession of the arsenal in Charles-
ton. Was Thomas ignorant of that?
On the 31st of December Governor Pickens,
by a formal military order, directed that strong
fortifications should be erected around Charles-
ton harbor for the purpose of firing upon the
troops of the United States and defending the
occupation of that harbor by South Carolina.
Was Thomas ignorant of that 'order ?
On the same day, the 31st of December, Ben-
jamin, a Senator otHhe United States, declared
in his place that the South would never be
subjugated, and the galleries applauded that
traitorous declaration ot that most artful of
all the traitors. Was Thomas ignorant of this
mark of approval in response to this traitorous
declaration? No, sir; such a supposition is
absurd and impossible.
On the 1st of January, 1801, Commander
Pettigru ordered that no vessel should ap-
proach the wharf-head at Castle Pinckney, m
Charleston harbor, on pain of destruction ; and
on the same- day guards were stationed all
along the river front at Charleston in military
array, and this fact was published to the whole
world. Was Thomas ignorant of it?
On the 2d of January the South Carolina
convention declared that treason should con-
sist only in levying war against the State of
South Carolina, and passed an ordinance by
which that sort of treason should be punished
with death without benefit of clergy.
On the same day, January 2, intelligence
reached Washington that Fort Sumter was
besieged by the South Carolina rebels and
Major Anderson's communications all cut off.
Was Thomas ignorant of this fact ? Did he not
know perfectly well that this was an act of
war—formal, venomous, traitorous war, the
object of which was the destruction of the Gov-
ernment of the United States? Was he igno-
rant of the fact that the conspirators at Charles-
ton were cooperating with the conspirators at
and around Washington for the purpose of over-
throwing the Government? Could he have
been ignorant of this state of things and have
been a member of Mr. Buchanan's Cabinet?
On the same day, January 2, Governor lillis,
of North Carolina, dispatched troops to seize
Fort Macon, at Beaufort, and the forts at Wil-
mington and the United States arsenal at Fay-
etteville, in the State of North Carolina. Here
was another series of acts of war in North Car-
olina.
On the Sd of January Fort Pulaski, at
Savannah, Georgia, was taken possession of
by the orders of the Governor ot Georgia.
On the 4th of January the United States
revenue-cutter Dolphin was fired upon and
seized at Savaunah.
On the same day South Carolina appointed
seven delegates to the southern Congress.
On the same day the United States arsenal
at Mobile was taken possession of by the
rebels.
On the same day Fort Morgan was seized in
Mobile bay.
The next day, January 5, there was a great
popular meeting at Norfolk, Virginia, urging
the Legislature of that State to prepare for
war, and denouncing contemptuously the idea
of ever submitting to be coerced by the Gov-
ernment of the United States. Was Thomas
ignorant of all these proceedings?
On the same day, the 5th of January, the
steamship Star of the West cleared from the
port of New York with stores and ammuni-
tion for Charleston and other ports South.
On the Oth of January, a caucus of southern
Senators at Washington advocated separate
and immediate secession.
On the same day Governor Hicks, of Mary-
land, Mr. Thomas's own State, in a public ad-
dress to the people of that State, refused to
call together the Legislature for the purpose,
if we are to believe the history of the times,
of enabling that Legislature to pass a law call-
ing together a convention for the purpose of
passing an ordinance under which the State
of Maryland should be withdrawn from the
Union.
On the 8th of January the North Carolina
troops seized Forts Caswell and Johnson.
On the same day Secretary Thompson re-
signed his place as Secretary of the Interior
because he could not agree with Mr. Buchanan
that there was any propriety in making war in
defense of the public property, the fortifica-
tions in the harbor of Charleston. Thompson
was bold. There was no hesitation, quibbling,
or shuffling about him. He told Mr. Buchanan
in so many words why he could no longer re-
main in the Cabinet, and that if was because
Mr. Buchanan had lesolved to use military
force to vindicate the honor of the Government
and protect the property of the United States
in the harbor of Charleston.
On the same day, January 8, South Carolina
seized the money in the sub-Treasury at Charles-
ton, South Carolina. That very money was by
the law under the control of the Secretary of
the Treasury, Mr. Thomas. Mark this fact.
I call upon the friends of Mr. Thomas, if there
are any such in this Chamber, to note this sig-
nificant fact: that only three days before he
resigned his place as Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the sub-Treasury at Charleston, South
Carolina, was deliberately robbed by the rebels,
plundered, taken into the possession of the rebel
government there, while Thomas hereatWash-
ington stands by quietly, utters no rebuke,
makes no effort to defend the public treasure ;
but three days afterward resigns his place be-
cause ho would not do the duty imposed upon
him by law to protect that treasure intrusted
to his safe-keeping.
On the next day, the 9th of January, the
Star of the West was fired upon in Charleston
harbor. That is a fact so notorious that I need
say no more about it. Mr. Thomas well knew
it. It is idle for him to deny that he knew it.
On the 11th day of January, the day of Mr.
Thomas's resignation, the Louisiana State
troops seized the United States marine hospital,
two miles below the city of New Orleans, and
removed the patients from .it in order to ac-
commodate the State troops, who were then
being rallied and disciplined at liew Orleans.
Here I have detailed to you, Mr. President,
no less than sixteen direct acts of war against
the United States while Mr. Thomas was Sec-
retary of the Treasury; and nine of these p,cts
were committed within the limits of the State
of South Carolina; and if I recollect rightly,
every one of them at or near the harbor of
Charleston. On thatday, the 11th of January,
Mr. Thomas, then Secretary of the Treasury,
knowing these facts (for it is perfectly idle,
worse than vain for him or his friends to deny
it,) on that day he threw up his commission
as Secretary of the Treasury, not because he
was suspected of infidelity or improper conduct
in regard to the bankers in New York, as the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania states,
but because he did not concur with Mr. Bu-
chanan in the propriety of Buchanan's policy,
or, rather, determination to defend the public
property in Charleston harbor.
Let me call your attention, sir, to the letter
of resignation which Mr. Thomas wrote. Let
us see what construction it will bear and what
construction it will not bear. Like other doc-
uments. this must be understood according to
its terms. Mr. Thomas, in this letter of res-
ignation, does not say to the President that he
resigns because the President-distrusts his fidel-
ity or because there are persons in New York
who are endeavoring to cast a stigma upon his
reputation. As to all this he is entirely silent;
and the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania,
it seems to me, goes entirely out of the record
and endeavors to drag into it what does not
properly belong there when he insists that
Thomas's motive in resigning was, that he was
found fault with by New York bankers. Sir,
this is a mere afterthought.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator will allow
me to explain, I said he did not allude to it in
his letter of resignation, but the whole matter
is stated in the evidence which accompanies
the report, showing that that really operated
on his mind, although he did not intrude it,
being a matter of personal difference, in the
letter of resignation.
i ^r' ,^WARD. Yes, I understand the
honorable Senator very well. But the testimony
itself is an afterthought. We are trying this
case now upon the evidence, not as it has
been got up before the Judiciary Committee,
but as it existed at the time of the transactions
themselves. It is to that period of time to
which we are to look for a just and fair interpre-
tation of the language and acts of Mr. Thomas,
ana not to 1S68, seven years af terward, when
he lias exhausted his ingenuity, if I may be
allowed that expression, in making up a case
in his own behalf. What does he say in his
letter of resignation ? Addressing the Presi-
dent, under date of January 11, 18(31. he says:
are 1 ?IR: h not boen, m my power, as you
are await, to agree with you and. with a majority of
Lvo been'M.lmT'S •advVSer3 tbo -""-'a"'"* which
<]itim reference to the present con-
Uition ot tilings m teouth Carolina."
• o shown what the condition of tilings
m South Carolina actually was ; that it was
made up of a series of acts of war; that South
