SUPPLEMENT TO
they had already performed, perhaps not feel-
ing perfectly satisfied to leave it in the shape in
which it then stood, came to the conclusion to
add this eleventh article, and they have com-
pounded it out of the materials which they had
previously worked up into the others. In the
first place, they said, here are the speeches;
we will have something about them, and ac-
cordingly they begin by the allegation that
the President at the Executive Mansion, on a
certain occasion, made a speech, and -without
giving his words, but it is attributed to him
that he had an intention to declare that this
was not a Congress within the meaning of the
Constitution ; all of which is denied in his
answer, and there is no proof to support it. The
President, by his whole course of conduct, has
shown that he could have entertained no such
intention as that. He has explained that fully
in his answer, and I do not think it necessary
to repeat the explanation.
Then they come to the old matter of the
removal of Mr. Stanton. They say he made
this speech denying the competency of Con-
gress to legislate, and following up its intent
he endeavored to remove Mr. Stanton. I have
sufficiently discussed that, and I shall not weary
the patience of the Senate by doing so any
further.
Then they say that he made this speech and
followed up its intent by endeavoring to get
possession of the money appropriated for the
military service of the United States. I have
said all I desire to say upon that.
Then they say that he made it with the intent
to obstruct what is called the law "for the bet-
ter government of the rebel States," passed in
March, 18G7, and in support of that they have
offered a telegram to him from Governor Par-
sons and an answer to that telegram from the
President, upon the subjectofan amendment of
the Constitution, sent in January before the
March when the Jaw cameinto existence, and. so
far as I know, that is the only evidence which
they have offered upon that subject. I leave,
therefore, with these remarks, that article for
the consideration of the Senate.
It must be unnecessary for me to say any-
thing concerning the importance of this case,
not only now but in the future. It must be
apparent to every one, in any way connected
with or concerned in this trial, that this is and
will bethemostconspicuousinstance which ever
has been or can ever be expected to be found
of American justice or American injustice, of
that justice which Mr. Burke says is the great
standing policy of all civilized States, or of that
injustice which is sure to bo discovered and
which makes even the wise man mad, and which,
in the fixed and immutable order of God's
providence, is certain to return to plague its
inventors.
Mr. CONNESS, (at two o'clock and twenty
minutes p. m.) Mr. President, I move that
the court take a recess for fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Chief
Justice resumed the chair at twenty-five min-
utes to three o'clock.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators will please
resume their seats and give their attention.
Gentlemen of counsel for the President, you
will please proceed with the defense.
^ Mr. STANBERY. We will call General
Thomas first.
Lohexzo Thomas sworn and examined.
By Mr. Staxmry :
Question. General Thomas, will you state
how long yon have been in the service?
Answer. I went to West Point in the year
1819. 1 enteied the Military Academy in Sep-
tember of that year, and was graduated July
1, lb23, and appointed second lieutenant of
the fourth infantry. I have been in the Army
since that date.
Question. What is your present rank in the
Army V
Answer. I am adjutant general of the
Army, with the rank' of brigadier general,
ami major general by brevet.
Question. V.'hen was your brevet conferred?
Answer. I really forget. I would have to
refer to the Army Register for that.
Question. Can you recollect the year? .
Answer. Yes, sir; it was after I returned
from one of my southern trips.
Question. During the war?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Toward the close of it?
Answer. Toward the close of it. I was first
made a colonel, as adjutant general, on the
7th of March, when Colonel Cooper went out.
Question. When were you first appointed
adjutant general?
Answer. On the 7th of March, 1861.
Question. On what service were you during
the war, generally? Give us an idea of your
service.
Answer. During the administration of the
War Department by General Cameron I was
on duty as adjutant general in the office. I
accompanied him on his western trip to Mis-
souri and to Kentucky and returned with him.
Then, after that, after making that report, he
left the Department, and Mr. Stanton was ap-
pointed. I remained in the Department some
time after Mr. Stanton was appointed, several
months. The first duty he placed me on from
the office—at any rate as one of the duties—he
sent me down on the James river to make ex-
changes of prisoners of war under the arrange-
ment made by General Dix with the rebels.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. To what point is
this evidence ?
Mr. STANBERY. To bring around the
reason why there was the interruption in the
Adjutant General's business, and how long it
continued and when he returned. It will b'e
through in a moment. [To witness.] What
was the next service?
Answer. During the war I was sent once or
twice—three times, perhaps—to Harrisburg to
organize volunteers and to correct some irreg-
ularities there ; not irregularities exactly, but
in order to put regiments together, skeleton
regiments. I was sent there and ordered to
bring them together—once at Philadelphia and
twice at Harrisburg. I was sent to Harrisburg
also about the time that Lee was invading
Maryland and Pennsylvania; but my principal
duty was down on the Mississippi river.
Question. What was the duty there?
Answer. Threefold. The first was to inspect
the armies on the river in that part of the
country. The second was to look into cotton
lands.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Will not that ap-
   o~- — ~
pear better by the order?
The Witness.
ie Witness. I have it.
Mr. STANBERY. The orders are here,
but it will take a great while to introduce them.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Very well.
Mr. STANBERY. I will ask him nothing
but what he has performed. [To the witness.]
What was the third duty?
Answer. To take charge of the negro popu-
lation and to organize them as troops.
Question. Were you the first officer who
organized negro regiments?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Who was prior to you ?
Ansioer. I think that General Butler had
organized some in New Orleans. Some were
organized before I took charge. I was sent
down on the Mississippi and in the rebellious
States, and I had charge of all of them there.
Question. What number of regiments were
organized under your care?
Answer. I organized upwards of eighty
thousand colored soldiers. Hie particular
number of regiments I do not recollect, because
they were numbered some with those in New
Orleans and some with those in the East.
Question. After that service was performed
what was the next special duty you were
detailed on ?
Answer. I returned to this city after I heard
of the snrreuder of Lee. I was then on my
way up the river. I came to Washington. The
next duty I was placed upon was to mike an
inspection of the Piovost Marshal General's
office throughout the country, first at Wash-
ington, and then throughout the loyal States.
I performed that service.
Question. What next?
Answer. My last service was, I was ordered
throughout the United States to examine the
national cemeteries under a law passed by Con-
gress. _ That duty I have performed ; but my
report is not yet in. It is very voluminous.
Those are the duties that I have performed.
Question. Dii those duties fall under your
proper duties as adjutant general; and in
what capacity ?
Answer. Perfectly so. As adjutant gen-
eral I am ex officio inspector of the Army, and
these duties are germane to it.
Question. This duty of inspection of the
cemeteries was the last special duty that you
have been called upon to perform?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. When did you return from having
performed that last special duty?
Ansioer. I came to Washington on three
different occasions. I would come here and
then would go back.
Question. When did you return from this
last duty or this last detail upon the national
cemetery business?
Answer. I do not think I can give the pre-
cise date; but it was about the close of last
year.
Question. Toward the close of theyear 1867 ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. You say you had then completed
this last duty or service?
Answer. 1 had visited every State where the
cemeteries were. The only ones I have not
visited are two very small ones near this city.
I left them to the last.
Question. You were then ready to make
your report ?
Ansioer. Yes, sir; I was writing it out and
would have had it ready if it had not been for
the interruption of this court. It is nearly
completed.
Question. You have not since been detailed
upon any other special service except about
this War Department?
Answer. No, sir; I was engaged in making
this report and I continued on that duty until
I was placed in charge of the Adjutant Gene-
ral's office.
Question. At what date were you returned
to your Adjutant General's office ?
Answer. The President sent for me and gave
me a note to General Grant dated the 13th of
February. General Grant's note to me in an-
swer to that, putting me in charge, was dated
the next day—the 14th.
Question. Who had occupied your office dur-
ing your absence ?
Answer. General E. D. Townsend, Assist-
ant Adjutant General.
Question. Your assistant?
Ansioer. My first assistant with the rank of
colonel.
Question. Then you never lost your position
as adjutant general?
Answer. Never.
Question. Did you apply to the President to
restore you?
Answer. I spoke to the President on two or
three occasions, some months ago, stating that
when I got through this particular business I
should like to have charge of my office. He
knew what my wishes were: but on this occa-
sion T did not mention it to him.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stop a moment.
I wish to object in limine to any conversation
between this person and the President.
Mr. STxlNBERY. This is his application
to the President that I am trying to prove, to
be restored to his duty as Adjutant General.
Mr. Manager BUTTER. 1 do not object to
that fact; but I do not want this conversation.
Mr. STANBERY. I do not want any con-
versation now. [To the witness.] You applied
once or twice to him before to restore you?
Answer. 1 stated that that was my wish.
Question. On the 13th of February you re-
ceived the order which you had requested
before restoring you to your position?
