4242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JulfM),
and for- the protection of the order and peace
of society. It is a desire not coniiued to the
biack men, not confined to the Union white
men, but men of standing and character who
love peace and order, and who have property
in the community, desire that they may have
arms put into their hands that they may main-
tain order and put down these renegades who
are scouring the land from one end to the
other, killing wherever they go, destroying
property, and keeping the public peace con-
stantly in disorder.
To some extent it is the same case doubtless
in all the other States in the South; and if
there is any section in the amendment to which
I would give my willing assent it would be to
the ninth section. 1 want toseearms placediu
the hands of the lovers of order and the peace
of society, not alone in the hands ot the Union
men, not in the hands of the ignorant negroes,
but also in the hands of men who were
engaged in the rebellion, men who submit, men
who love order, men who deprecate as much
as the loyai men iu many instances these mur-
ders and this disorder all through that land.
Sir, the United States troops have it not iu
then' power, if they had a commander at their
head who had the will to conserve the peace
and protect the lives of the people of that
locality.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, there is a
sting in this section, and i do not wonder that
it creates some disturbance m this Chamber.
It is not in the fact that arms arc to be distrib-
uted to the different States; it is not in tlie
number of arms to be given out to the differ-
ent States; but it is in the fact that none are
to be delivered to any State except "upon the
certilicate of the Governor of such State, show-
ing to the satisfaction of the Secretary of War
that tile regiments and companies tor which
the same are lequired are duly organized of
loyal citizens of' such State under the laws
tlieieof." i venture to say that if the govern-
ments of these rebel States were now in rebel
hands wo should hear no outcry here against
the delivery of arms to those btates. I ven-
ture to say that if there were nothing in the bill
lequiring the compamesaiul regiments to which
these arms are to bo given to be certified to have
been organized of loyal citizens of such State
there would be 110 complaint.
And now, Mr. President, 1 say that the Con-
gress of the United States is justified iu pass-
ing such ft bill as this. I say it with reference
to the preservation of the lives of loyal men
in those States, with reference to the preserva-
tion of order there, with reference to the keep-
ing down of the spirit ol rcbelism which is as
rampant there now as it was four years ago.
But, sir, even if these considerations do not
justify the passage of this bill, even if the
whole design of this ninth section centered, as
charged by the Senator from Kentucky, in the
matter of the elections in the southern States
this fall, I hold that Congress would be justi-
fied in passing the bill. Let us look, sir, at the
exact position that things are to assume there.
The Congress of the United States has taken
steps to secure the elective franchise there
to all men without regard to race, color, or
previous condition; and in every one of the
States that have been organized under the re-
construction acts the right of suffrage in the
blackmail is guarantied. The white rebels of
those States are determined to overthrow that
right which Congress lias secured to the black
man. Il they cannot take it from the black
man constitutionally they are determined to
drive hiru by lorce from the polls this fall.
Everything that we hear from there, taken
m connection with the outgivings of the late
Democratic convention in New York, pro-
nouncing ail our reconstruction pioceedmgs
unco i-'notional, null, and void, and the de-
nouncement ol those proceedings by their can-
didate for the Vice Piesidency, and his open
tttclaiu;: ju that it is the Uuty of the President
to uvfrrturn ail the reconstructed State organ-
izations by force, ail goes to satisfy and should
satisfy the country that violence and revolution
in these southern States is the determination
of the Democracy. Now, sir, I say that while
Congress has any power remaining over this
subject, it is bound by the most sacred obliga-
tions to put iu the hands of the loyal men of
these southern States the means of protecting
themselves against the rebel whites; and if
we go hence and adjourn this Congress without
doing that thing, we are recreant to the trust
which the loyal people of this nation have put
in us. Sir, 1 would just as soon, so far as I
am concerned, have it written at the head of
this bill that the arms to be furnished to these
southern Stales are intended to protect the
loyal men of the South at the ballot-box at the
coming election, as to have it bear the title the
committee has given it. For one, I do not fear
to meet these issues exactly as they have been
made up for us by the rebels and the Democ-
racy. \Ve are dealing with rebels. The world
knows that we are dealing with rebels. Every
Senator in this Chamber knows that we are
dealing with rebels. Why should we not deal
with them as rebels should be dealt with?
Why should we not deal with them by force of
arms, by powder and ball if need be? Sir, if
I had my way I would arm every loyal man in
the southern States with a Springfield rifle and
all necessary equipments, and with cartridges
ad hbilum, and they should have the oppor-
tunity of teaching rebels and traitors there,
though the loyal man's skin should be black
and the rebel's skin white, that there is a
power in this country that can keep down reb-
elism, not only when it is armed and organized
on the field of battle, but as well when it takes
the shape of the midnight murderer and the
prowling assassin, dealing death in wanton
malignity and cold blood to men whb love their
country better than the rebel cause, for which
theii'slayeis wouldhave sacrificed that country.
Now, Air. President, it is no use mincing
words about this matter. Xfthe Senators here
from the States where they have had 110 rebels
do not know how to deal with rebels, there are
Senators here who have been among them and
know all about them, and knowing them they
know how to deal with them, and they know
there is but one way to deal with them, and
that is to crush them down under the hand of
power.
1 would give the loyal men of those States
annes, four, five, six, eight, ten, twenty times
as many as this bill provides for if there were
anecessitycallingforit. Then, sir, we should
see how it would be, whether the whole South
is to become a Texas, whether in every State
in the Union it is to be a daily thing that mur-
ders most foul, such as shock the sense of
humanity of the whole race of mankind, are to
continue to be perpetrated.
These remarks, Mr. President, I have deemed
fit to make here in regard to the general fea-
tures of this ninth section. I close what I
have to say with calling the attention of the
honorable chairman of the committee to an
omission in this ninth section which X suppose
was entirely accidental, f call the honorable
chairman's attention to the fact that he has not
considered it worth while to give any muskets
to Missouri.
Mr. WILSON'. I will say in reply to that
remark that since the Senator rose to his feet
I have found, to roy utter surprise, in glancing
over the bill, Missouri was left out. I was
going to move the amendment if the Senator
bad not discovered it.
Mr. DRAKE. I supposed it was an inad-
vertence. I move to amend the ninth section
by inserting in the eighteenth line before the
word "Kansas" the words "Missouri, nine
thousand."
The PRESIDING OFFICER,, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) The bill has been reported
to the Senate, and the amendment made in
Committee of the Whole as a substitute for the
original bill concurred in. Amendments add-
ing to the bill are still in order. The bill in
this stage cannot be amended by taking any-
thing from it; but as this is an addition, the
Chairconceivesittobein order. Thequestiouia
on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from West Vir-
ginia gave us a very horrid story of a most
fearful number of murders that have been com-
mitted in the State of Texas. Now, the Freed-
men's Bureau pervades that State, at least all
portions of it where there are any considerable
number of negroes. Besides that, there are in
that State between five and six thousand sol-
diers of the United States Army, if 1 recollect
the statement made a few days ago by the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WILLEY. I will say to the Senator
that nearly all those troops are on the borders
to protect the State from Indian depredations.
There are very few in the inhabited part of the
State.
Mr.-DAVIS. There is an ample military
force in the other southern States to spare as
many men as may be needful for the protection
of every part of Texas. The Freedmen's Bu-
reau is a perfect organization, and it is, by the
laws which organized it, sustained by the whole
of the Army of the United States. The hon-
orable Senator from West "Virginia complains
that there is not a proper commander for the
department of Texas. Whose fault is that?
The General of the Army can change the
department commander at his pleasure.
Mr. NYE. I guess not.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, he can.
Mr. WILSON". No, he cannot.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, if that commander
was in any degree in default in the perform-
ance of his duty, have not the Congress of the
United States the power to provide a remedy?
They have ail power: at least they exercise all
power; and the power of changing a depart-
ment commander they could put into requisi-
tion about as quickly as a juggler would presto
change, if necessary. Sir, I care not who ia
the commander of that department. The Gen-
eral of the Army has authority to control and
give military command to any officer or sol-
dier in the Army of the United States as well
in Texas as everywhere else.
The honorable Senator runs up this bloody
catalogue to between nine hundred and a thou-
sand minders, and says that not one of the
murderers has ever yet been punished.
Mr. WILLEY. To my knowledge.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator's in-
formant, the pamphlet from which he reads,
does not give him information that any single
inurderei or criminal has been punished. Now,
Mr. President, when inaitial law prevails
throughout Texas, when the will of theinilitary
commander is the law, when the Freedmen's
Bureau is backcd by that military law, by all
its officers and powers, and is required by the
act ot Congress to be sustained in all its move-
ments, in all its execution of the law regulat-
ing the Freedmen's Bureau by the Army, it is
the height of credulity, of superstiiion, for
human nature to believe that there could lie
nine or ten hundred such atrocious murders
and not one of them be punished. Sir, the
honorable Senator is a man of refined and
noble sensibilities. A tale of horror, however
fictitious and unfounded, awakens in his sensi-
bilities so much revulsion as to run away "with
his judgment. It, is utterly impossible, it can-
not be in the nature of things, that there could
have been in the State ot Texas near a thou-
sand such diabolical murders. With the Freed-
men's Bureau pervading and controlling and
governing the whole population wherever it
was established, it being established in every
portion vt the State where there was a negro
population ; with five thousand armed soldiers
there under the lead or at least subject to be
instigated by all the Radicals in that State,
who arc spread over the whole of its surface,
more or less, and who have always been ready
and willing and desirous to give information
to the Array and to the Freedmen's Bureau of
these atrocious and bloody erimes, that there
