1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ernment. They tell you what you and all the
world know, that the negroes, whether thus
taanipulated or left to themselves, are alike
incompetent, to govern themselves or any other
people. You confess the truth of this protest
when you organize your machinery for the
government of the negroes by your Freedmen's
Bureau ; you confess it when you prolong the
existence of that bureau ; you confess it when
you provide that the educational part of that
bureau shall be continued in existence for an
indefinite number of years after the States
shall have been fully restored to the Union; you
confess it when you assume a Federal guard-
ianship over the negroes in all the southern
States; you confess it when you impose mil-
lions in taxation upon the people of the North
to enable you to continue this condition of
pupilage and dependence on the part of the
negroes ; you confess it when and as long as
you refuse to remit these negroes to the con-
trol of the natural law and the law of God,
which condemns idleness and requires all men
to struggle for self-support, and to learn by the
discipline ofexpei'ience and necessity; you con-
fess it when you expend, directly or indirectly,
for the government, education, and support, of
negroes, from fifteen to twenty-five million
dollars per annum out of the hard earnings,
honest labor, and unaided energies of the peo-
ple of the North. You confess your own
shame, too, when you confess, as many gen-
tlemen do, that this sort of legislation is neces-
sary to enable you to retain continued political
power in the country.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, rose.
Mr. KERR. I will yield for a question with
great pleasure.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I was
going to answer.
Mr. KERR. I cannot yield to be answered
now, but only for a question or correction.
Mr. STEVENS, ot Pennsylvania. I under-
stood you callcd for an answer.
Mr. KERR. I do not wish to yield for a
speech to be put in mine.
The Radical party in Alabama, Mr. Speaker,
do not themselves pretend this constitution was
freely and voluntarily made by the people of
Alabama. They sacrificed their manhood ;
they surrendered their self-respect; they sur-
rendered their inherent God-given right of self-
government and got down upon their miserable
knees to the Radical party in making this con-
stitution, and in its presentation to Congress
and asking it to be forced upon the people of
Alabama.
I hold in my hand a proof of what I say on
this subject. The chairman of the Radical
central committee of Alabama, on the 2d of
January, 18G8, issued an address to his fol-
lowers in that State, and in that address I find
this paragraph:
"II. Some features of the constitution that have
been adopted havo provoked severe and general
criticism. It is just n.rnl proper to remark that
enough is now known of the purposes of Congress to
assure us that while the State will expect to be ad-
mitted promptly those features will be subject to com-
plete revision. And it is better far to be admitted
now, and with this understanding, than, after being
tossed about so long, to go to sea again not knowing
where we land."
Thus we see it confessed, to the dishonor of
the men who want to become masters and
rulers in Alabama, and contrary to all pre-
cedent in our country, that Congress is to make
the constitution anew, to change it, to amend
it, or to dictate such terms as Congress pleases
to the tools of Congress in the State of Ala-
bama or to the remonstrating majority of the
people of that State. The address then pro-
ceeds as follows:
"III. Enough is also known of the disposition of
Congress and of the liepubltcan party in this State to
warrant the statement that the existence of political dis-
abilities in any case need not fetter the party in the choice
of a candidate for any office, but that the fact of a lie-
pub Herat nomination will be sufficient evidtneeoffavor-
inn rfcoMtruction to be relied on for the prompt removal
of all disabilities."
It is in this way and by such considera-
tions that white men are to be induced to
stultify themselves, surrender their judgments,
and become allies of the Radical party in its
efforts to force a hateful, odious, and anti-
rcpublican constitution on all the people.
I hope, Mr. Speaker, it will not be any longer
pretended that this constitution comes here as
the voluntary work of the people of Alabama.
It does not possess a single essential attribute
of a freely-adopted government of the State
of Alabama. If it is a principle of republican
government in this country that the people
who are to be ruled by the fundamental law of
a State have the inherent and undeniable right
to make that law, theu in God's name I say
this constitution possesses not one of these
attributes.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I invite attention briefly
to some remarkable provisions contained in
this bill.
Mr. MULLINS rose.
Mr. KERR. I do not yield.
Mr. MULLINS, (in his seat.j Have they
lost their fundamental rights'/
Mr. KERR. No, sir ; they have not. But,
whatever they have lost, they have given you no
power to change their government for them
or to dictate one to them. Any attempt to do
it is simply usurpation.
Now, let us see what are some of the pro-
visions of this bill. I call attention to the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spaldixg] offered as a substitute for the bill.
It is proposed in the first section of that amend-
ment to declare that '• the constitution framed
by the convention of Alabama, which was sub-
mitted for ratification by the people at an elec-
tion commencing on the 4th day of February,
1868, is hereby declared to be the fundamental
and organic law for a provisional government
for the people of Alabama."
Provisional government for the people of
Alabama! What is the logical result and legal
effect of that kind of a proposition ? It is to
make this constitution a matter of pending
legislation before this body for its considera-
tion, for adoption or rejection as the law of
Congress. It does not attempt, it does not
present even a pretense of attempting, to recog-
nize a constitution made by the people of Ala-
bama, but to make a law for the provisional
government of the State, a sort of territorial
act.
Then this amendment proposes that Con-
gress by an act of legislation shall make a body
of legislators, elected as a State Legislature
under a pretended existing State constitution,
a constitutional convention, conferring upon
them powers which that same constitution de-
nies to them, and which belong alone to con-
ventions elected to make constitutions, not to
Legislatures elected to execute constitutions.
It is provided in the second section of the
proposed amendment that when this Legisla-
ture shall have been convened they shall pos-
sess all the power conferred upon them by the
proposed constitution of Alabama if the same
had been ratified by the people. And then it
further proposes, after this rejected constitution
is given vitality by Congress and put into prac-
tical operation, that they may submit this pro-
posed constitution to the people of Alabama
for ratification, with or without amendments.
Amendments to be proposed by whom? By
this provisional government, by this pretended
Legislature of the State of Alabama. But what
are these amendments to be proposed? W hy.
they are to be amendments to the constitution
which now lies on our desks, and which it is
pretended has been formed by the constitu-
tional convention of the people of Alabama.
In other words, this Legislature is declared to
have the power to make a constitution for the
people of Alabama. Inotherwords, it is further j
declared by this act of Congress that this Legis- j
lature shall have the power at its first meeting, |
after the members shall have taken the oath j
prescribed in the constitution itself, to go to j
work at once and by its very first act violate its •
own fundamental law, its_ own constitution, j
because that constitution in its last chapter :
prohibits the making of amendments except
m a certain very tedious, cumbersome, and
bungling way. It is proposed, then, not only
by Congress to violate this fundamental law of
Alabama, but to authorize thisprgtended Legis-
lature of Alabama to violate the constitution
of Alabama and the oath of office taken by
its members to support it and every principle
of decent government known, to our institu-
tions.
It is further provided by the last section of
the proposed amendment or substitute that
until all these things shall have been done by
this newly-created legislative convention yoar
military despotism shall continue in full force
and power in the State, and that the people
of the State, including' the Legislature, the
courts, the civil officers, and everybody else,
shall be under it, subject to it, controlled by
it, and that the election to be held and ordered
by this new constitutional convention shall be
held and ordered as it has hitherto been, in
violation of every principle of just government
or of self-government.
But in this proposed substitute of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] Ithinkthereisa
secret and hidden purpose, more cruel, wicked,
and tyrannical than any expressed upon its face.
The reconstruction' laws under which the regis-
tration of the people of Alabama was made, the
constitutional convention elected, and the pre-
tended constitution voted upon by the people,
prohibited certain classes of white men from
registration or voting and disfranchised them.
I But the number of persons disfranchised is
I greatly increased by the provisions ofthispre-
j tended constitution. It requires a new regis-
tration. That registration would have to pre-
cede the submission of the constitution again
to the people for ratification. Thus the relative
power of the negroes and Radicals in Alabama
to adopt the constitution and further disfran-
chise and oppress the whites will be greatly
increased. Hence this cunning device o\'pro-
visional government, which consists in impos-
ing upon that State a Congress-made constitu-
tion and giving force and validity to its meanest
and most oppressive provisions, so that by their
aid its adoption may be secured.
Mr. Speaker, I further invite attention to
the last section of the bill itself as introduced
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farxs-
worth.] It is proposed by that section that
the constitution of Alabama, whatever it shall
be, when it shall be submitted to the people
and shall have been adopted by them, •' shall
never be so amended or changed as to deprive
any citizen or any class of citizens of the
United States of the right to vote who are en-
titled to vote by the constitution herein recog-
nized : nor so amended or changed as to allow
any person to vote who is excluded from office
by the third section of the fourteenth article
of the amendments to the Constitution of the
United States." And then it reserves to Con-
gress the power to annul any amendment of
the constitution of Alabama or any act of
the Legislature of the State contrary to the
provisions of this section.
Now, I would inquire of any honest man on
this floor or in this country whether, if the
State of Alabama shall ever be admitted into
the Union under this law and in pursuance of
its provisions, with these shackles proposed by
this last section upon her limbs, that State can
stand up in this family of republics and say
she is the equal of her sisters, when she will
come into the Union with a brand of degrada-
tion and inferiority upon her, put there by tha
edict of this Congress and made absolutely
perpetual, irrepealable? Thus, for the first
; time in our history, it is proposed to admit
; into the Union a State inferior in most vital
, powers to her sister States. The great bond
1 and precious principle of equality, of equal
j statehood in the Union, is broken, is rejected,
\ and a hateful Union of unequal members is to
; be established. This is a most dangerous in-
: novation, and will erect a most vicious prece-
| dent in our history. In every instance in oar
j past, history when a State has been admitted
i into the Union its equality has been guanm-
I tied in express terms by the act, of admission,
i The usual formula has been that snelj State be
