1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rm
Carolina and other States were at that time ill
flagrant rebellion against the Government;
that the leaders of the insurrection, far and
near, were rallying their forces, enlisting men,
collecting arms, ammunition, supplies, and all
the implements of war ; and that at the harbor
of Charleston the war was distinct, flagrant;
and that Thomas perfectly well knew it. He
could not agree even with the " old public
functionary," who, after a long struggle be-
tween partisanism and duty, finally made up
his mind, slowly, cautiously, timidly, to make,
at least, one small endeavor in the way of dis-
patching the Star of the West to vindicate
the national honor and to save the public prop-
erty at Charleston. He could not go even so
far as James Buchanan could go and did go ;
and because he could not he resigned his place
as Secretary of the Treasury. That is the plain
English of it. I trust the Senator from Illinois
is now satisfied that he was mistaken in saying
that at the time of this resignation there was
no war, no "armed hostility" against the
United States. There was " armed hostility"
and numerous and flagrant instances of it.
Again, Mr. Thomas remarks :
" Nor do I think it at all probable that I shall bo
able to concur in the views which you entertain, so
far as I understand them, touching the authority
under existing laws to inlorce the collection of the
customs at the port of Charleston."
That is a very distinct subject-matter from
that which precedes it in the letter. The first
paragraph of the letter alludes to Buchanan's
policy of defending the public property and
repelling the assaults of the rebels in South
Carolina. That was his "view," to use the
language of Mr. Thomas, in reference to South
Carolina. The latter paragraph relates simply
and solely to the collection of customs at
Charleston habor. The letter embraces two
subjects, the one entirely distinct from the
other; and yet my honorable friend from Maine,
[Mr. Fessenden,] in commentingthe otherday
upon this letter, insisted that the whole of it
related to the question of the statutory powejr
of the Secretary of the Treasury or of the Presi-
dent to collect the customs at Charleston by
means of armed vessels out at sea, beyond the
limits of the harbor. Sir, it is only necessary
to read the letter to perceive the mistake into
which the honorable Senator from Maine fell.
One portion of it related to the protection of
the public property there by military force;
while the other relates only to the collection
of the customs by the extraordinary means of
armed vessels out of the harbor.
Now, sir, a public officer, a member of the
Cabinet, in daily intercourse with the highest
Executive Magistrate of the nation, sitting with
him in daily council, knowing, as he was bound
to know and as he did know, each and every
one of these transactions as they took place
from time to time, having it in his power to
encourage the loyal people of the country in
maintaining the Government and defending its
honor, at such a moment as this, when rebellion
was rife, sees fit to resign his place because he
is unwilling to fight the rebels; and the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois and others tell us
very complacently that this is not lending coun-
tenance or encouragement to the rebellion.
Sir, 1 deny it. With the utmost respect for those
gentlemen upon the opposite side who entertain
that opinion, I must say that this construction
of the plaiu evidence in this case is entirely
unsatisfactory, and, indeed, 1 mustbepermitted
to use a term from which I would ordinarily
refrain ; 1 must be permitted to say that this
interpretation of this testimony is pueiile. Sir,
he resigned because he wanted to encourage
the enemy; he resigned because he counte-
nanced the rebellion ; and who will say that
that resignation did not inspire redoubled
courage and confidence in the multitudes then
engaged in the rebellion?
Did it or did it not, let me ask my honor-
able friend from Illinois, encourage ''armed
hostility'' against the United States when the
Senators from the rebel States left this body
and went off to join their constituents? Was
it or was it not an encouragement to the rebel-
lion when Jefferson Davis left this 'Chamber
declaring his purpose to quit the Government
of the United States and to break it up ? Was
it or was it not an encouragement to the re-
bellion, was it not giving "countenance" to
"armed hostility" against the United States,
when Breckinridge, long afterward, did the
same thing? Sir, we know, the world knows,
and history will record the fact, that these men
who went out from us and refused to do their
duty as loyal Senators were the leading pro-
moters of the rebellion; and when they severed
their connection with the Government the re-
bellion took additional heart. The secession
from the Chamber of one rebel Senator was
equal to ten thousand men in the ranks of the
rebellion, and the world knows it.
Now, sir, as I .said on a former occasion, I
do not feel disposed to comment with severity
upon the other branch of this case. I refer to
the circumstance of Mr. Thomas giving money
to his rebel son when he was leaving the
paternal mansion and about to wend his way
to join the rebel armies. I cannot, however,
suffer this branch of the case to pass without
an additional remark or two.
It is to be remembered that the excusatory
testimony reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary comes before us and before the pub-
lic four years after the transaction, for the boy
went off into the rebellion in November, 1863.
It is not, therefore, to be presumed that the
evidence given by him in the interest of his
father—given for the very purpose of enabling
the father to obtain a seat in the Senate, given
under motives as strong as it is possible to
conceive on the part of the son in favor of the
father—it is not possible, I say, to look upon
the testimony of this boy as impartial. Sir, I
go so far as to declare that it is morally impos-
sible that it can be true.
On that eventful morning when the young
man left his home, the father may well be sup-
posed as he parted with him and gave him the
money, to have passed in review in his own
mind all the criminal facts which had taken
place, and of which he had had a knowledge
before the time he resigned his place in the
Cabinet. At that moment there could not have
been absent from his mind the fact that he, on
the 11th of January, 1801, had refused to do
his duty as a sworn officer of the United States,
or to take a single step to check the,advance
of the armed rebellion inaugurated against us.
It was then in his mind as fully as ever that,
instead of being a friend of the old Govern-
ment, he was its enemy; for the facts show that
he was its enemy. His sympathies were in
favor of the rebel cause. His whole course of
conduct had proved it indubitably ; because
there is as much significance in a crime which
is called a crime of omission as in an act
denominated a crime of commission. _
Now, sir, the naked, exterior fact, if I may
so call it, is this: that the boy was determined
to go off into the rebellion ; that he was with-
out means to enable him to reach the rebel
army. The father knew it. The father knew
perfectly well that the purpose of his sou was
to commit the highest crime known to the law.
At that moment, upon the request of his son,
and for the purpose as the son announced to
him, of committing that crime, he contributed
to the son the sum of $100; the son put it in
his pocket and left for the rebel lines. That
is the plaiu, unvarnished tale thus far. This
the woild well understands. The whole com-
munity understands for what purpose, under
these circumstances, the money was con-
tributed ; there could have been but one
verdict had the question been left even to the
rebels by whom he was surrounded in the
place of his residence, and that verdict would
have been that he gave him the money to en-
able him to make war upon his country. He
did this knowingly, because the boy told him
that such was his purpose. He did it willfully,
because he might have withheld the aid. He
did it maliciously and criminally, because he
i well knew that he gave it for the purpose of
! enabling the boy to perpetrate a crime, the
crime of treason. Such would have been the
verdict before any impartial jury. The facts
were too plain to allow any other conclusion ;
too simple to permit any doubt as to the
father's motives. The purpose of getting and
using the money was fully more known to the
father. That purpose was to enable the son to
commit treason, and the father handed him
the money knowing it would be used to effec-
tuate that purpose.
Now, sir, some five years afterward—after
Mr. Thomas has resided, as it is said, " on
his farm" in Maryland so quietly, and has
been elected by the rebel vote of that State to
a seat in this body—the question arises, point-
edly, distinctly, -'with what purpose and with
what intent did you, Mr. Thomas, give this
money to your son? The Senate will believe
that you gave it to him to enable him to
accomplish his criminal purpose." What
more obvious than to call the son as a witness
in behalf of the father to mitigate and soften
down the original motive which prompted the
father? Accordingly we find that son now
testifying, and Mr. Thomas also testifying, that
he gave him the money, not to enable him to
prosecute treason, but to guard and protect
him, the son, against want and destitution.
Sir, this will not do.
What was the most simple, the most obvious
means of protecting this boy against destitu-
tion? He was a minor, eighteen years old.
He was completely in the power of his father.
The father had, as we all know, the legal right
to restrain him personally; and, under the cir-
cumstances, knowing that the boy was about
to commit a crime, is it not useless verbiage to
say to a lawyer or a body of lawyers that it
was the duty of the father to exercise this
parental authority and his physical force, if
necessary, in preventing the perpetration of
this crime ? If he wanted to protect his son
against "want and destitution" the means
were immediately at hand. He had but to put
his own parental hand upon the person of the
boy and tell him, "You must go into confine-
ment in my house, and you must be there shut
up until you have either abandoned your mad
scheme of crime, or until the war itself is
over; in this way, my son, I shall protect my
own honor; in this way I shall protect your
honor, and prevent you from the commission
of the most heinous of all offenses." That
was the simple mode of treating the subject.
There was no danger of the boy's coming to
want, destitution, or starvation in the abode
of his father and in his custody. It was the
most obvious means of preventing the commis-
sion of the crime. But instead of exercising
this parental authority, which the law placed
in his hands, the father gave him §100 to enable
him to join the rebel army. Mr. President,
let me say for one it is in vain that Mr. Thomas
tells me that he gave his son this money for
the purpose of protecting him against want and
destitution. The motive now alleged is utterly
inconsistent with the facts that existed at that
time. It is utterly inconsistent with the con-
duct of the father himself on that occasion and
on other occasions.
There are certain acts to which the law irrev-
ocably attaches a criminal intention.^ A sane
mail cannot go iuto the street and deliberately
shoot down a passer-by, and then go into a
court aucl allege for his defense that he shot
his neighbor to death because he feared that,
on some future occasion, the man might shoot
j him. In the coursc of a somewhat long prac-
I tice in criminal trials I have not failed to ob-
i serve the peculiar ingenuity, the tact, the
Ij talent, the original inventive genius with which
]| accused persons setup by way of defense or
justification some motive or intention which is
II different from that under which the act itself
i was prompted. It is always and everywhere
the trick of roguery to get up a false excuse;
!| and without intending to say anything disre-
i spectfui toward Mr. Thomas, 1 feel constrained
h us a Senator to declare here in my place that
|j I believe the substance of this whole story, so
li far as it tends to liis exculpation, is an inven-
