THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
If
Answer. Yes, sir. It was not a note to me;
it was a note to General Grant.
Question. But that note restored you to your
position ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. When, after that, did you see the
President, and what did he say to you or did
you say to him between that time and the time
you received your order on the 21st?
Answer. On one occasion I went over to
take him some resignations 
Question. After you had been restored to
your ollice ?
Answer. Yes, sir; some resignations that
Mr. Stanton gave me which were on his table.
Question. To take over ?
Ansioer. Yes, sir.
Question. Was that the first occasion on
which the President spoke to you about taking
possession of the War Office?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stop a moment.
I object to that question: it is leading, and so
grossly leading, in my judgment, that it is
almost intentional. " Was that the first occa-
sion he spoke to you "—assuming that he had
spoken.
Mr. STANBERY. He did speak afterward,
we know.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. How do we know?
Mr. STANBERY. We will come to it in
another way. [To the witness.] Do you rec-
ollect what occurred on the 21st of February?
Ansioer. Yes, sir. I thought your question
was anterior to that.
Mr. STANBERY. It was. What happened
in the War Office on the morning of the 21st
of February in regard to closing the office on
the succeeding day, the 22d?
Answer. Toward twelve o'clock I went up
myself and asked Mr. Stanton, then Secretary
of War, if I should close the office the next day,
the 22d of February, and he directed me to do
it. I issued such a circular and sent it around
to the different Departments.
Question. Was that an order made by you as
adjutant general?
Answer. Yes, sir; by his order.
Question. Was that before you had seen the
President that day?
Ansioer. Yes, sir.
Question. Now, what took place after you
had issued that order?
Answer. Very soon after I had issued it I
received a note from Colonel Moore, the Pri-
vate Secretary of the President, that the Presi-
dent wished to see me. I immediately went
over to the White House, and saw the Presi-
* dent. He came out of his library with two com-
munications in his hand.
Question. lie came out with two papers in
his hand?
Answer. Yes, sir. lie handed them to Col-
onel Moore to read. They were read to me.
Question. Bead aloud?
Answer. Read aloud. One was addressed to
Mr. Stanton, dismissing him from office, and
directing him to turn over the books, papers,
&c., pertaining to the War Department. The
other was addressed to me, appointing me Sec-
retary of War ad interim, and staling that Mr.
Stanton had been directed to transfer the office
to ine.
Question. Was that the first time you saw
those papers, or either of them.?
Answer. The first time.
Question. You had no hand whatever in
writing those papers or dictating them?
Answer. Nothing whatever.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Excuse me ; that
is very leading again.
Mr. STANBERY. Well. [To the witness.]
What was said by the President at that time to
you or by you to the President?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Do you propose
to put in conversations 
Mr. STANBERY. I do.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Between this party
and the President?
Mr. STANBERY. Right there, certainly.
[Handing him the papers. J
Mr. Ev ARTS. Which they putin evidence.
Air. Manager BUTLER. I will not inter-
pose the objection here, sir.
By Mr. St ax eery:
Question. What, then, was .said between you
and the President?
Answer. He said he was determined to sup-
port the Constitution and the laws, and he de-
sired me to do the same. [Laughter.]
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not object.
The Witness. I told him I would.
By Mr. Stan_bery :
Question. What further took place or was
said ?
Answer. He then directed me to deliver this
paper addressed to Mr. Stanton to him.
Question. Was that all? Did you then leave?
Answer. I told him that I would take an
officer in my department with me to see that I
delivered itand note whatoccurred, and I stated
that I would take General Williams.
Question. Who is General Williams ?
Answer. One of the assistant adjutants gen-
eral in my department on duty there.
Question. You told the President you would
take him along to witness the transaction?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. What did you do then ?
Answer. I went over to the War Depart-
ment, went into one of my rooms, and told
General Williams I wished him to go with me;
I did not say for what purpose. 1 told him I
wanted him to go with mo to the Secretary of
War and note what occurred.
Question. Without telling him what it was
you intended?
Answer. I did not tell him anything about
it. I then went to the Secretary's room and
handed him the first paper.
Question. When you say the first paper,
which was that?
Answer. The paper addressed to him.
Question. What took place then? Did he
read it?
Answer. He got up when I came in, and we
bade good niorningto each other, and I handed
him that paper, and he put it down on the
corner of his table and sat down. Presently
he got up and opened it and read it, and he
then said, "Do you wish me to vacate the
office at once, or will you give me time to re-
move my private property?" I said, "Act
your pleasure."
Question. Did he say what time he would
require?
Ansioer. No, sir; I did not ask him. Ithen
handed him the paper addressed to me, which
he read, and he asked me to give him a copy.
Questionk What did you say?
Answer. In the meantime General Grant
came in, and I banded it to him. General Grant
asked me if that was for him. I said no;
merely forhis information. I promised a copy,
and 1 went down.
Question. Down where? To your office?
Answer. Into my own room.
Question. Your own room is below that of the
Secretary; on the first floor?
Answer. Below General Schriver's room;
the one opposite the Secretary's.
Question. It is on the lower floor?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. You went down and made a copy
of the osder ?
Answer. I had a copy made, which I certi-
fied as Secretary of War ad interim. I took
that up and handed it to him. He then said,
"I do not know whether 1 will obey your
instructions or whether I will resist them."
Nothing more passed of any moment, and I
left.
Question. Was General Grant there at the
second interview ?
Answer. No. sir.
Question. The Secretary was alone then?
Answer. He was alone. His son may have
been there, because he was generally in the
room.
Question. Did General Williams go up with
you the second lime?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. What time of the day was this?
Answer. I think it was about twelve o'clock
that I went up to see the Secretary, and this,
was just.after Icame down and wrote the order—<•
it was toward one o'clock, I suppose. - •
Question. It was immediately after you had
written the order to close the office?
Answer. Yes, I got the note immediately
after from Colonel Moore.
Question. Was that all that occurred between
you and the Secretary on that day, the 21-st?
Answer. I think it was. [Altera pause.]
No, no; X was confounding the 22d with the
21st. ;
Question. What further?
Answer. I went into the other room and he
was there, and I said that I should issue orders
as Secretary of War. He said that I should
not; he would countermand them, and he
turned to General Sehriver and also to General
Townsend, who were in the room, and directed
them not to obey any orders coming from me
as Secretary of War.
By Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. Do I understand that this was the
21st?
Ansioer. I think it was the 21st.
By Mr. Stanbehy :
Question. The 22d or 21st?
Answer. The 21st, I think. What briDgs it
to my mind is, he wrote a note which he handed
me prohibiting me from acting on the subject.
Question. Have you got that note?
Answer. I think I gave it to you. I have
some here; probably it may be among them.
I will look. The note is dated February 21; I
know that.
Question, (presenting a paper to the wit-
ness.) See if that is the order that he then
gave you
Ansioer. That is it.
Question. I see the body of it is not in Mr.
Stanton's handwriting?
Answer. He dictated it to General Town-
send. That is his handwriting. A copy was
made of it, and Mr. Stanton signed it, and
handed it to me.
Question. Will you read it, if you please?
Answer. " War Department, Washington
city, February 21, 1858 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stop a moment, if
you please. Let us see that paper.
[The paper was thereupon handed to the
Managers and examined by them.]
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We have no ob-
jection.
Mr. STANBERY, (to the witness.) Now
read it, if you please, General.
The witness read as follows :
AV.ik Department,
Washington Oiiy, Ftbiuary il, 18CS.
Sir : I am informed that you presume to issue or-
ders as Secretary of W;ir ad interim. Such conduct
and orders arc i llcftal, and you are hereby commanded
to abstain from issuing any orders oilier than in your
capacity as Adjutant General of the Army.
Your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secictaiyof War.
Brevet Major General L. Thomas, Atljutrint General.
Question. Did you see the President after
that interview?
Answer. I did.
Question. What took place?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I object now, Mr.
President and Senators, to the conversation
between the President and General Thomas.
Up to this time I did not object, as you ob-
served, upon reflection, to any orders or direc-
tions which the President gave, or any conver-
sation had between the President atid General
Thomas at the time of issuing the commission.
But now the commission has been issued ; the
demand has been made; it has been refused; and
a peremptory order given to General Thomas
to mind his own business and keep out of the
War Office has been put in evidence. Now,
I suppose that the President, by talking with
General Thomas, or General Thomas, by talk-
ing with the President, cannot put in his own
declarations for the purpose^ of making evi-
dence in favor of himself. The Senate has
already ruled by solemn vote, and in conso-
nance, I believe, with the opinion of the pre-
