1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
should be near a thousand of them perpetrated
and not a single offender brought to justice
beggars human belief! 1 care not who indorses
such a story, whether it be Judge Caldwell or
Judge anybody else ; the thing is not so ; it is
impossible ; it cannot be ; it is not within the
compass of possibility, much less probability.
I have acquaintances in Texas, and I have
received in the course' of this session of Con-
gress three or four letters from different points
in that State, and those letters uniformly repre-
sent to me that there is as much order there,
as much observance of law, as much of security
of person, life, and properly, as prevailed in
that country before the war.
Sir, I have heard a great deal of these fictions
about bloody outrages upon negroes by white
men during the last three or four years. My
own State has been the occasion of many of
them. I recollect that a certain General Clin-
ton B. Fisk, who commanded in the city of
Lexington at one time, wrote a letter and made
a public speech, which was afterward published
in the Gazette and Commercial in Cincinnati,
■who spoke of twelve negroes who had come
into the city of Lexington mutilated, the ears
of some cut off, their noses mutilated, their
backs made raw with chastisement, they suffer-
ing an extent of cruelty that was shocking to
any nature. That whole story was investi-
gated, and it was found to be entirely destitute
of every vestige of truth. There was not a fact
or syllable of evidence on which to base it; it
•was false, unconditionally, absolutely false. I
have seen accounts of these alleged acts of
cruelty scattered almost epidemic over the
South, more than sporadic cases, and when
they came to be investigated they were found
to be most immensely exaggerated.
Why, sir, if this Congress, possessing the
absolute power of government in Texas and in
all the southern States, the absolute command
of all the armies and navies of the United
States, of the military force of the Republic,
of the Freedmeir s Bureau, of every agency that
could be commanded—if it, having the abso-
lute and unquestioned command of the whole,
permits three years of such bloody outrage to
elapse in one State with one thousand victims
of murder, atrocity, and bloodshed, the power
ought to abdicate its throne and give up its
charge into other hands; it is so inadequate,
so incompetent to perform and to execute its
powers that it ought no longer to be trusted
with them. But, Mr. President, these tales
of horror that come,
"Thick as autumnal leaves
That strew the brooks in Vallambrosa,"
are nothing but the figments of excited imagin-
ation, or the diabolical machinations of adven-
turers, of men who wish to raise tales of horror
in order to madden the mind of Congress and
the country, that they may carry along that
Congress and country to their own ambitious
schemes of power. I know what credit to give
them; they are entitled to none.
Mr. President, 1 knew that the veil could not
be kept spread over this unholy scheme. It has
been torn aside, and the audacity and the atro-
city of the project are revealed to the Senate
and to the nation. It is nothing more nor less
than to distribute the arms of the United States
over the ten southern States, to place them in
the hands of negroes and the adventurers who
lead the negroes, and who will marshal them at
the polls on election day for the purpose of
keeping away Democratic voters. You may
succeed, and probably will succeed, in this next
step; but outrages may become so thick and
so atrocious upon human rights that common
humanity will rise up in opposition to that. 1
think the policy and the destiny of this party
is fast approaching that atrocious excess. I
am in hopes that even this fall will see it brought
to a close; at least I hope so, and I believe so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the bill
has been ordered to a third reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not
been. The question is on its third reading.
The bill is still open to amendment by way of
addition.
Mr. DAVIS. My recollection is that the bill
was read the third time; but I may be mis-
taken.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no; the Senator
himself rose when that question was about
being put.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the question was put
by the preceding incumbent of the chair, and
that I addressed the Senate upon the question
of the passage of the bill; but in that I may
be mistaken.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator rose just
before the question was to be put.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.' The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri. x
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, in all
previous distributions of arms from the begin-
ning of the Government they have been dis-
tributed according to the Federal ratio and
according to the representation of the States
in both Houses. This distribution is to be
according to the representation of the States
in the House of Representatives alone. This
is a departure from the uniform custom of the
Government. I move, therefore, that two
thousand be added to the quota assigned to
each State, the two thousand being for the
two Senators of each State.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. It has been dope always
in every distribution of arms heretofore.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see any use in
that.
Mr. ANTHONY. It has been the uniform
practice of the Government, and the reasons
for it are very obvious. We have our State
governments to support if wo are small, and
we require more in proportion than larger
States.
Mr. SHERMAN. If they really need them
in Rhode Island to defend themselves against
Dorr or anybody else, I shall not object-
Mr. ANTHONY. We made very good use
of them when we had them in the Dorr rebel-
lion and that other rebellion of which Dorr's
was the prototype.
Mr. BUCKALI5W. Mr. President, I have
no objection to an amendment which shall
introduce the Senator's rule of distribution,
especially if it has been the practice of the
Government, heretofore ; but I am opposed to
his amendment as increasing the total number
of muskets to be distributed.
The whole number to be distributed in the
adhering States, (and by that expression I
mean those which were represented in Con-
gress during the war,) as I make it out. will be
one hundred and eighty-six thousand. The
number to be distributed in the States which were
engaged in rebellion are,Tennessee, eight thou-
sand ; North Carolina, seven thousand; South
Carolina, four thousand; Georgia, eight thou-
sand ; Florida, one thousand; Alabama, sjx
thousand ; Arkansas, three thousand ; Louis-
iana, five thousand; making forty-two^ thou-
sand to be distributed in the insurrectionary
States as they were formerly known. The
amendment which the Senator from Rhode
Island proposes of two thousand more muskets
for each State will make over seventy thousand
additional to the number already contained in
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. The aggregate at present is two
hundred and twenty-eight thousand. By the
amendment proposed by the Senator irom
Rhode Island the number will be raised above
three hundred thousand.
Now, Mr. President, one aspect of this sub-
ject has not been discussed. I suppose that
these arms being once distributed by the Uni-
ted States will never be reclaimed, will never
be restored. They are now, I suppose, under
good management, in good care, in the Gov-
ernment arsenals, under proper officers, hon-
orable men engaged in the public service and
paid out of the Inderal Treasury. They will
be preserved if kept where they now are, anil
will be available for public use hereafter if any
emergency in our affairs should arise. By being
distributed among the States in this pell-mell
manner, without reference to the necessities
of any State, but upon a principle of general
distribution, I suppose in a great many of cases
they will fall into hands that will take very bad
care of them. Many of the States have but
indifferent arrangements for the preservation
of arms; their arsenals are badly managed.
The practical result will be to turn over arma
which are declared by this amendment, to be
"serviceable" (they must be serviceable and
therefore good arms) into care and manage-
ment and control much less efficient than that
which they will have if retained by the United
States. That ought to be considered.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to say that we have on hand nearly two and a
half millions of arms and some thirteen or four-
teen thousand cannon, and we propose to sell
any quantity of these arms to anybody, and I
suppose we should sell hundreds of thousands
of arms if we could get three dollars apiece
for them. We are going to sell what we can
of such arms as will soon be useless. These
arms are good arms at the present time; but
we have over a million of this kind of arms.
We have an immense quantity of arms, and
the States, North and South, need them and
desire them for the purpose of arming properly
their militia. I knowthis to have been the case,
for we have been pressed before this time for
an increased distribution of arms among the
States.
Mr. BUCKALEW. As I understand, a
large part of the arms now held by the United
States are unserviceable.
Mr. WILSON. There is a portion that
are; but we have over a million of good arms
on hand, and about two and a half millions of
different kinds. We have seven or eight hun-
dred thousand Enfield foreign rifles. I take it
we should sell a good many of them if we had
cL cli3 ncG
Mr. WILLEY. I ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania whether his attention has been
attracted to the provision in the ninth section
by which these arms are to be distributed
"when required" by the Governors of the
States. It is not necessarily imperative.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I repeat that a large
part of the arms held by the United States are
unserviceable. As to those this amendment
will have no effect. The distribution to be
effected, as the amendment reads, is of " ser-
viceable, Springfield rifled-muskets, caliber
fifty-eight, with accouterments and equipments
complete." 1 believe we have made some pro-
vision by law for the sale of arms. When the
rebellion broke out, very suddenly, we sent
abroad to foreign countries and bought arms
largely. Our haste was such that we bought
what we could get, and for that reason we got
a considerable number that wore unserviceable.
I think, perhaps, much blame was attached
improperly to those concerned in making for-
eign purchases at that time. They acted under
pressure, the pressure of an unexampled emer-
gency ; there was no leisure for making careful
investigation of foreign muskets, and obtaining
the best article ; much less was there time to
wait for the manufacture of arms abroad, and
thus to obtain tliem of a good quality. Doubt-
less at the end of the war the amount of arms
on hand that, were unserviceable was amazing
in amount, considering the whole number that
, were purchased and in the use or under the
| control of the Government during the war.
What we are concerned with now, however,
are Springfield muskets that are serviceable
and in good condition, and it is with reference
to them that this amendment is to operate.
Now, if we have a large quantity ot arms that
are serviceable, that are marketable, that can
be used in this country or in foreign countries,
1 take it for granted there would be nodihiculty
in selling them. Let the Government sell these
arms abroad. If we have th.s supply for for-
eign markets, doubtless there will be demand
