4244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2%
made on us, and we can sell an}' surplus or
unnecessary arms we may have under our con-
trol. In fact, as I said before we have made
provision by law for the sale of arms, and the
War Department has now complete control
over the subject and can dispose of those which
need not be kept on hand.
The Senator from West Virginia says that
these arms are to be distributed only when
called for. As a matter of course, if you pro-
pose to distribute arms gratis to the States, if
you propose to distribute valuable arms with-
out charge to the States, I suppose they will
call for them; they will be willing to accept
this princely donation, to receive these arms as
their property, at least for the time being. Of
course they will do that; and as I said before,
I take it for granted that none of these arms
will ever be restored. It will be virtually so
much lost to the Government, of the United
States. They may be used for parade pur-
poses. Wo do not anticipate any war soon to
come upon us. They can only be used for
parade purposes, for ornamental purposes, for
purposes of drill and instruction, for which
very valuable arms I suppose are not indispen-
sable ; but the practical result will be that the
Government will never have any of them re-
stored. So far as we are concerned they will
bo an entire loss.
I do not understand that the Government
prior to the war was in the habit of distributing
arms among the States.
Mr. CONKLING. Always.
Mr. BUCKALiEW. I may be mistaken in
that. I can very well understand that when
the militia are called into the service of the
United States we should arm them. At all
events, whatever distribution took place in for-
mer times must have been on an exceedingly
small scale.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
that there was an annual appropriation for the
distribution of arms among the States, and
$200,000 was the annual sum.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Thatwould furnish only
a small amount of valuable arms.
Mr. ANTHONY. But it was every year.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I have not heard of
any demand from the States for these arms.
Mr. THAYEH. If the Senator will permit
me, I will state thai each new Territory has
received its quota cf aims. I recollect that
Nebraska the very lirst year of its organiza-
tion received two thousand stand of arms be-
fore there were five hundred people in the
Territory.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I can very well under-
stand that in the Territories they had need of
arms on account of Indian hostilities, besides
any demand for militia drill and instruction.
Mr. President, until there appears to be a de-
mand from the States for these arms I think
we had better retain them in the care of the
United States, and if we have any larger num-
ber than we need let us sell the surplus. This
is a pretty large distribution ; and now the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island proposes to increase
the number more than seventy thousand.
Mr. MORTON. The matter stands in this
way in regard to the southern States: there is
perhaps not a house or cabin in all the South
that does not contain from one to half a dozen
rifles or muskets. Every rebel down there is
armed; they carried home their arms with
them from the war, while the negroes are not
armed as a general thing, or have but few
arms. The new State governments have no
arms and they have no money to buy arms
with. The state of the case, then, is that the
whole rebel_ population is armed ; the loyal
population is not armed, and the new State
governments have no arms and have no money
lo buy arms with. Now, I would submit it
to my fair-minded friend from Pennsylvania,
whether under such circumstances the new
State governments should not be provided with
arms ?
Mr. BUCKALEW, That is not this amend- ^
 ient. Ileve are b,ui forty-two thousand in all
those States, including Tennessee, and no pro-
vision is made for Virginia, for Mississippi, or
for Texas.
Mr. MORTON. I will come to that. I am
now making the point that the new State gov-
ernments surrounded by a rebel hostile popu-
lation that is fully armed have not a single
musket or piece of artillery to protect them-
selves against that population. No man, it
seems to me, can say that these new State
governments ought not to have arms unless he
desires that they shall be pulled down by the
rebel population by which they are surrounded.
Now, Mr. President, the issue is made; it
is made by the New York convention, and I
will say with perfect respect to the distinguished
and venerable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis,] it ifi made here to-iaiglit that the new
State governments there shall be upturned by
violence. Tl>^ New York convention declared
that those governments have no foundation in
law, that they are not entitled to the obedi-
ence of anybody. That convention, by its plat-
form, has in substance said that it is the right
and the duty of the while people of the South
to overturn those governments. We have the
frank declaration of General Blair, which was
indorsed by hisunanimousnomination only two
or three days afterward, that it is the duty of the
Democratic party, if it comes into power, to
overturn those State governments by force of
arms. On this issue presented by the Demo-
cratic party North and South, and these new
Stale governments being without arms, 1 ask
if it is not the duty of this Government to aim
these new State governments? Why, Mr.
Piesident, the venerable Senator from Ken-
tucky to night presented the same issue. lie
told us that the white people had borne and
endured until endurance had ceased to bo a
virtue, and that they could not and would not
submit much longer. Did not the venerable
and distinguished Senator say a little while
ago that they could not and they would not
submit to what he calls tyranny much longer?
Therefore we arc informed even upon the floor
of the Senate that rebellion against these new
State governments is imminent down there, and
being thus informed, and these new govern-
ments being unarmed, it is but the part of com-
mon, ordinary prudence to provide them with
the means of defending themselves.
Mr. President, so far as sending arms to the
northern States is concerned, there is not much
use in that. There was much force in what
the Senator from Pennsylvania said on that
point. I know from observation and experi-
ence that in the northern States the arms are
not taken care of to a great extent; they pass
into the hands of companies and into the
hands of municipal corporations, and they are
suffered to become rusty, and to get out of
order, and are stolen and carried off, and very
little account is ever taken of them after-
ward. They ought not, in my judgment, to be
sent in large quantities to the northern States
unless the Government first has assurances
that those States have arsenals in which to
put, them, and laws under which they will be
taken care of. But so far as the southern
States are concerned, the newly-constructed
State governments should be armed. They will
take care of the arms for their own self-protec-
tion. They will put them into the hands of the
loyal militia, and they will thus protect them-
selves, and they will thus keep in subjection,
notwithstanding what the Senator from Ken-
tucky says, that rebel population by which they j
are surrounded.
The venerable Senator talked about the op-
pression of the white people. He described
it as the most terrible oppression that any peo-
ple had ever been subjected to. I inquire what
that oppression is? It is this and nothing more:
that a small part of the white population has |
been disfranchised for having committed per- |
jury by taking an oath to support ihe Consti- 1
tution and afterward gone into rebellion. -
They are not disfranchised from voting, but '
simply prevented from holding office. That is  
the terrible oppression never before equaled
in the world's history which the white people '
of the South are subjected to!. I know it is a
terrible oppression to some people if they can-
not be permitted to hold ofliee; but here is
only a small number who are excluded from
the right to hold office ; and that is described
as an oppression so terrible that they cannot
and will not submit to it much longer, but will
rise in open rebellion and overthrow the new
State governments erected under the acts of
Congress!
There is another oppression to which they
are subjected that is grievous, too grievous to
be borne ; and what is that? That the colored
people are permitted to enjoy along with the
mass of the white people the right of suffrage
and the right to hold office ; not that it is taken
from the white people, but that these men are
allowed to enjoy it along with them. That is
such a grievous oppression on the part of tho
white people that poor human nature cannot
stand it much longer 1
Mr. President, these things are gravely put
forth upon the floor of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, and wo are warned that the time ia
rapidly approaching when there will be no
longer submission to the Government of the
United States, but that the people will rise up
and assert the rights of the white roan. In
view of the declarations ot the distinguished
Senator from Kentucky, in view of the decla-
rations of General Blair, his candidate for the
Vice Presidency, in view of the platform laid
down at New York, I submit that there is an
imminent and an immediate demand that the
State governments of the South shall be fully
armed, and thus enabled to protect themselves.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall vote for this bill,
but for reasons somewhat different from those
assigned by other Senators. I do so mainly
because it has been the custom of the Gov-
ernment for the last fifty years to furnish arms
to the different States—a custom which I have
always believed to be a good one in many
respects. It not only furnishes our people
with arms, but by this means they are taught
the use of arms. I do not believe we lose any-
thing by tho distribution of the muskets and
cannon that are sent forth. The consequence
of doing it is to teach everybody the use of
the musket, the cannon, and the rifle. After
a while the weapon becomes worthless and is
thrown by, but it does not become worthless
until some improvement has been made in the
anil, and when the old one would no longer
be useful. Our arms were not scarce in our
arsenals at the beginning of the war because
of our militia taking them, but because the
gentleman who occupied the place of Secre-
tary of War under Mr. Buchanan rifled all the
arsenals and sent the guns into the southern
States to be used by the men there when they
were ready to rebel. At the beginning of the
war this Government had here but three hun-
dred muskets of all kinds we have now over
two millions. Every five or six years we are
making improvements in that arm, and now
the whole world is agitated with the improve-
ments upon the breech-loading gun. If we
send out these guns the people in the southern
States will be supplied with them, the ne^ro
as well as the white man, for the negro now
has become a man, and for the first time in
his history he will be furnished with a gun and
bo enabled to learn its use. To be sure, some
oi them did learn its use pretty weli and did
pretty good execution upon the rebels during
the war ; but now every negro, old and young,
will be permitted to use his gun and to leara
Its proper use, and when we have another re-
bellion we shall not have difficulty about men
in that section of the country.
1 ennsylvania has been receiving guns for
more than My years from the General Gov-
ernment, and it is m some degree to that supply
that she owes the martial spirit of her people.
• .ery b°J' °' seventeen becomes anxious to
join a volunteer company; he does not con-
sider himself a man until he has had a gut. put
on his shoulder, and then at onee his ambition
is excited, and he becomes a soldier. Afr«r a
while, he becomes tired of it; but wkeu war
