2196
ME "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
"admitted into th® Union on an equal footing
with the original States," The apiri-t, intent,
and genius of our institutions demand that
when a State is admitted the measure of its
obligations shall consist in obedience to the
Federal Constitution and the laws made in
pursuance thereof. All powers not granted in
that instrument to the Federal Government
are, by its very terms, "reserved to the States
Or to the people respectively." And yet we
are told that this is to be a government " re-
publican in form!" A government that the
people despise, that they loathe, that they re-
ject in every way that is left to them by mili-
tary despotism to express their feelings.
It is a somewhat interesting fact, in connec-
tion with the history of this State of Alabama,
that when she was first admitted she inserted
in her coat-of-arms, as the motto of the State
of Alabama—which motto expresses the true
philosophy of the Constitution of the United
States in reference to all the States—" Younger,
but equal;" and you can see it now inscribed
on her coat-of-ai'ms in the beautiful canopy
which covers this Hall. In that'motto is ex-
pressed the law of this country; a law most
important, most valuable, most vital to the
essential principles of the equality of State
governments, of equal self-government, which
have always characterized the legislation of
the country, eitljer in these Halls prior to the
ascendancy of the Radical party or in the States
of this Union.
In this connection I invite attention to the
fact that in 1845 there was decided by the Su-
preme Court of the United States the case of
Pollard's lessee vs. Hagan et al. I read from
that decision, reported in 8 Howard's Reports:
"To maintain any other doctrino is to deny that
Alabama has been admitted into the Union on an
equal footing with tho original States, the Constitu-
tion, laws, and compacts to the contrary notwith-
standing. But their rights of sovereignty and juris-
diction are not governed by the common law of
England as it prevailed in the Colonies before the
Revolution, but as modified by our own institutions.
In the case of Martin and others vs. Waddell, 11
Peters, 410, the present Chief Justice, in delivering
the opinion of the court, said: 'When the Revolu-
tion took place the people of each State became
themselves sovereigns, and in that character had tho
absolute right to all their navigable waters and the
soils under them for their own common uso, subject
only to the rights surrendered by tho Constitution.'
Then to Alabama belong the navigablo waters and
soils under them in controversy in this case, subject
to the rights surrendered by the Constitution to tho
TJnitedStates; and no compact tlmt might be made be-
tween her and the United States could diminish or enlarge
these rights."
Yet it is proposed by this measure that tho
State of Alabama shall come into this Union
only upon the fundamental condition that she
shall indorse certain conditions-pveccdent, cer-
tain stipulations, certain compacts which, if
adopted, will forever degrade her below the
rank of an equal State in the Union. I say,
Mr. Speaker, that if this thing shall be forced
upon the people of Alabama it will not possess
one whit of legal or constitutional validity.
But, sir, we are told that all this legislation
is carried on for the purpose of the "better
government" of the rebel States. Better gov-
ernment ! If this matter were not so intensely
grave and solemn as it is, that expression might
be received as a mere caricature, or as bitter
and cruel irony, upon the conduct of Congress
in reference to these States. If Congress has
entered upon the duty of making constitutions
for States in this Union, as it certainly has
done, as it is boldly declared in this law that
it will do, and that it has the physical power
and right to do—for no honest man will say it
has got tho constitutional right to do it—then
I submit to the House that it is our duty to
make for Alabama, at least, a decent consti-
tution ; one that is in fact and in truth repub-
lican in form and not a despotism. We have
no right to make it, and if we should make
the most faultless instrument that ever came
from human hands and force it upon the peo-
ple of Alabama it still would not be a constitu-
tion republican in the spirit and intent of that
word. But still we are doing it, and there-
fore it becomes our duty to consider what it
is that we are doing, what it is that we are
forcing upon Alabama, what kind of constitu-
tion it is that we are tendering her. And I
desire now to invite the attention of the House
for a short time to some provisions that are
contained in this constitution.
I first refer to the fact that by an express
article of the constitution it is provided,
"That all persons resident in this State born in
the United States or naturalized, or who shall have
legally declared their intention to become citizens
of the United States are hereby declared citizens of the
State of A labama, possessing equal civil and political
rights and public privileges."
Why force that unprecedented constitutional
provision on the people of Alabama? It has
no precedent in the constitution of any State
in this Union. Why, then, force it upon Ala-
bama ? Because the party in power must be
able to go into that State, and, in the persons
of citizens of other States, mere adventurers,
assume the control and civil administration of
the government of the State of Alabama. And
to that end the constitution of Alabama must
provide that every man who shall come into the
State and declare himself a resident thereof
shall possess all civil and political rights and
public privileges, including the right to hold
office.
Hence it is that wc to-day see the shameful
and disgraceful spectacle presented here of a
civil government proposed to be set up in the
State of Alabama, the great majority of the
persons holding office under which consists of
citizens of other States, who have no interests
or sympathy with tho people of Alabama, but
are simply place-hunters, political adventurers
and vultures, that now swarm in the devoted
States of the South, and seek to make them-
selves masters over their people, to fatten and
filch from their substance, and defeat the
return of material prosperity by prolonging
insecurity and strife among the people and
between tho races.
I next invite the attention of gentlemen to
the test-oath that is prescribed in this consti-
tution. I will not devote much time to its
consideration, although in my judgment it is
one of the most important and obnoxious pro-
visions in that instrument. It is one which,
above all others and more than all others,
stamps the instrument with the inherent and
intrinsic character of anti-republicanism and
despotism. The genius of our Government,
the very spirit of our forefathers revolts at the
idea of incorporating into a fundamental law
any of these odious test-oaths, these mean-
spirited, detestable, retrospective, expurga-
tory test-oaths, which free men throughout the
history of the world have ever held to bo most
worthy of their detestation. I will read that
provision of the constitution. Article seven
provides:
Si:c. 3. It shall be the duty of the General As-
sembly to provido, from time to time, tor tho regis-
tration of all doctors, but the following class of
persons shall not bo permitted to register, vote, or
hold office: 1. Those who, during tho late rebellion,
inflicted, or caused to be inllicted, any cruel or un-
usual x^unishment upon any soldier, sailor, marine,
employe1, or citizen of the United States, or who, in
any other way, violated the rules of civilized war-
faro. 2. Thosewho maybe disqualilicdlromholding
olfico by the proposed amendment to the Constitution
of the United States known as article fourteen, and
those who have been disqualified from registering to
vote for delegates to the convention to frame a con-
stitution for the State of Alabama, under the act of
Congress to provido for tho more efficient govern-
ment, of tho rebel States, passed by Congress Maich
2, 1807, and the acts supplementary thereto, except
such persons as aided in the reconstruction proposed
by Congress, and accept the political equality of all
men before the law: Provided, That the General
Assembly shall have power to remove the disabilities
incurred under this clause. 3. Those who shall have
been convicted of treason, embezzlement of public
funds, malfoasance in office, crime punishable bylaw
with imprisonment in the penitentiary, or bribery.
4. Those who are idiots or insane.
"Sec. 4. All persons, before registering, must take
and subscribe the following oath: 1, , do
solemly swear (or affirm) that I will support and
maintain theConstitution and the laws of the United
Sfntes and the constitution and the laws of the State
of Alabama; that I amnotexcludodfrom registering
by any of the clauses in section three, article seven,
of tho constitution of the Stato of Alabama; that I
will never countenance or aid in theseeession of this
State from the United States; that I accept tho civil
and political equality of all men; and agree not to
attempt to deprive any person or persons, on account
of race, color, or previous condition, of any political
or civil right, privilege, or immunity enjoyed by <"iny
other class of men; and. furthermore, that I will not
in any way injure, or countenance in others any at-
tempt to injure, any person or persons on account of
past or present support of the Government of the
United States, tho laws of the United States, or the
principle of the political and civil equality of all
men, or for affiliation with any political party."
Tell me that the constitution with this test-
oath in it is "republican in form?" You
might as well tell me that Haynau himself was
the impersonation of a true Republican. I
object to these test-onths because they violate
one of the most fundamental provisions con-
tained in the Constitution of the United States.
They contain in effect both bills of attainder
and ex post facto laws, and violate some of the
most essential principles of civil liberty. A
bill of attainder is a legislative act which in-
flicts punishment without a legal trial.
An ex post facto law is one which imposes
a punishment for an act which was not punish-
able at the time it was committed, or imposes
additional punishment to that then prescribed,
or changes the rules of evidence by which less
or different testimony is sufficient to convict
than was then required. Either of these viola-
tions of the Federal Constitution may be effected
by provisions embodied in a State constitu-
tion or law or in an act of Congress. The pro-
hibition of the Constitution was intended to
secure the rights of the citizen against depriva-
tion for past conduct by legislative,enactment,
under any form, however disguised. These most
valuable principles have been repeatedly de-
fended by the Supreme Court in solemn judg-
ments declaring void, not only acts of State
Legislatures and laws of Congress, but even
constitutional provisions in State constitutions.
This was done in the late great case of Cum-
mings against the State of Missouri, in 4 Wal-
lace's Reports. This pretended constitution of
Alabama violates every principle laid down in
that case. The purpose of these two sections
is to disfranchise and withhold most valuable
rights and privileges from thousands of white
men in Alabama as a punishment for past con-
duet, without trial or conviction, and to pro-
long the denial of these precious rights during
the pleasure of Congress and the negro gov-
ernment of Alabama.
The oath prescribed in this third section has
no paiallel in modern governments. It is fit
only to mark and disgrace the sway of an
oppressor. Every person who refuses to take
it is therefor deprived of some of his most
precious and valuable rights and privileges,
and it he does take it he does violence to his
own manhood, judgment, and conscience. He
is compelled to swear that " he accepts the civil
and political equality of all men," which he
knows exists only in the imaginations of polit-
ical Utopians or demagogues. He is also com-
pelled to swear that he " agrees not to attempt
to deprive any person or persons, on account
of race, color, or previous condition, of any
political or civil right, privilege, or immunity
enjoyed by any other class of men." He is
thus required under oath to agree, before he is
permitted to exercise any of the rights of a
free American citizen, that he never u-ill ex-
ercise certain of those rights. One of the in-
herent rights of every human mind is to chan"o
his opinion on subjects connected with pol-
itics, policy, and government, and to make the
government a fail* reflex of the enlightened
popular judgment. But in Alabama this can-
not be done. The voter must swear and agree
that he will never attempt any improvement
in the government or change in the basis of
suffrage in his State. He may be profoundh-
coiivinced that the safety of civil liberty, the
welfare of both races, the interests of society
morality and religion demand the limitation of
colored suffrage or its reduction to a property
or educational qualification, but his oath stands
as a perpetual bar to any effort to do his dutv
ill these matters. Very few men not them-
selves purblind fanatics can take this oith
without violence to their convictions, a sort of
moral perjury How can northern men, who
may go to and desire to become citizens of
