3220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
amendment in the Senate just as well. I know
what the amendment is. I desire to have ac-
tion on the amendment I have pending first.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very good.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee on the Whole. The question
will be taken on the amendments collectively,
unless a separate ■ vote be demanded by some
Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for a separate vote
on the amendment to the fifth section. I de-
sire to offer an amendment to that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment will be reserved. The question is
on concurring in the other amendments.
The remaining amendments were concurred
in.
Mr. SHERMAN". Now I offer my amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky to the fifth section in the nature of
a substitute, and I ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment;
which was to strike out all of the fifth section,
as amended, after the enacting clause, and to
insert in lieu thereof:
That to securo a better distribution of the na-
tional bmikhie; currency there may be issued circu-
lation notes to bankingassoeiationsorganized in the
States and Territories having less national banking
circulation than uvo dollars per inhabitant; but the
amount of such circulation shall not exceed $20,000,-
000; and the circulation herein authorized shall within
one year be withdrawn prorata from bail ks organized
in States and Territories having a circulation exceed-
ing that provided by tho act approved JMaich 3, ISOo,
entitled "An act to amend an actcntitled 'An act to
provide a national currency, secured by a pledge
of United States bonds and to provide for the circu-
lation and redemption thereof;'" to ascertain which
the Comptroller of the Currency shall make a state-
ment showing the amount of circulation to be retired
by each of such banks, and shall make a requisition
for such amount upon such bank; and upon lailure
of such bank to return the amount so required within
the year aforesaid, it shall be the duty of the Comp-
troller of the Currency to sell at public auction in
New York an amountof the bonds deposited by said
bank as security for their circulation equal to tho cir-
culation to be withdrawn from such bank, and with
the proceeds to redeem so much of the notes of such
bank as may corae into the Treasury as will equal
the amount required fiom theui.
Mr. BUClvALE W. I do not know what the
word " pro rata" means in- that amendment.
It seems to me it leaves it very dubious.
Mr. SHERMAN. The word " pro rata" is
used in the law, and its effect is perfectly clear.
This retirement of the circulation of banks
having an excess is to be pro rata upon the
amount of their circulation; that is, a bank of
§100,000 would have to give up half as much
circulation as a bank of yi200,000. It is pro
rala upon the circulation. The same expres-
sion is used in the original banking act. I
think I have drawn this amendment very care-
fully. I have submitted it to several Senators.
In my opinion it expresses the idea as near as
it can be expressed in a few words.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Ohio how this surrender of
their circulation by the banks is to be en-
forced ?
Mr. SHERMAN. This proposition pro-
vides the mode, if the Senator had listened to
it. They are required to surrender the amount
of circulation assessed upon them within one
year, if they fail to do it, the great body of
this circulation comes into the Treasury of the
United States or the sub-Treasury at New York,
and the Treasurer will be bound to retain the
notes of those banks, and the bonds of those
banks to the amount of the circulation called
for from them are to be sold for the purpose
of redeeming these circulating notes. That is
the only way in which it cau be done. The
objection to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Kentucky is that it did not point
out a mode in which this circulation could be
retired.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I hope the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio will be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the only differ-
ence that 1 know of between the two.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the substitute by offering in lieu of it
the original proposition which I made in com-
mittee, striking out all after the first word of
the one and inserting the other. I ask the
Secretary to read the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This
amendment is in the third degree now, I
understand.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose
that anything that is offered as a substitute
may be amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the proper way
is to vote on the pending amendment. Then
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont
is to the original filth section. This is an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky, or rather an amendment to
the amendment of the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes; but
after having adopted the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio, it will then be too late for
me to offer my amendment, and therefore, in
order to get a vote upon it, I must offer it now.
I ask the Secretary to read the amendment.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. It will be
read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows :
And that upon the issue of any increased national
circulation provided lorby thissectionthcSecretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized and required to
permanently withdraw an equal amount of United
States notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is clearly not in
order. We are now acting upon tho action of
the committee. That action of the committee
is the amendment offered by the Senator from
Kentucky, and I offer a substitute for that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am propos-
ing to amend the amendment of the Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
offers a substitute for the section. Before that
substitute is acted upon the Senator from Ver-
mont proposes to amend the section by adding
these words to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the section is out of
the way.
Mr. OONKLING. If the Senator from
Maine will hear a suggestion, that is not, I
submit, what the Senator from Vermont pro-
poses to do. The Senator from Vermont pro-
poses to amend the original section asit stood.
That was stricken out in Committee of the
Whole, and an entirely different section, to
which this amendment is not applicable, was
substituted. Now, the Senator from Ohio
moves to strike out that substituted section
and to insert the amendment which he offers.
The Senator from Vermont proposes to amend
the original section, which was stricken out in
Committee of the Whole, and is not before us
at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Pres-
ident, as the section now stands, as proposed
to be amended by the Senator from Ohio, it
will take from New England about twenty
million dollars of banking capital. While I
prefer that to a positive increase of our amount
of circulation, yet I submit that it is not so
well as it would bo to adopt the original prop-
osition as presented by me, which will make no
disturbance in the amount of banking capital
held by anybody, but will increase the amount
by retiring an equal amount of United States
notes.
I agree with the Senator from Oregon that
this section will create a very considerable
derangement of the business of New England,
and that other portions of the United States
have as much interest in her prosperity, in
keeping the machinery at work in New England,
as New England herself. The amount of
bankingcapital there is used for what purpose?
To keep the business of the country going.
Take Rhode Island or Connecticut or Massa-
chusetts. When their people purchase wool
in Ohio or Illinois or Vermont they have not |
a sufficient amount of capital to go there and i
buy it from their own means; but ninety-five !
per cent, of ail the money that is paid out for '
wool is obtained from banks in their Qwn i
neighborhood. They could not get discounts I
in .the western banks if they were to go there.
The names that they would offer are ei.tnely
unknown there. Take the amount, of stock
that is purchased by drovers m iNew ioik,
Vermont, Illinois, and Kentucky. W hen (i'es®
men come from their own neighborhoods, they
get discounts from their own bunks ; but. it tiiey
come from the Atlantic coast they have to
obtain discounts there; and it requires a great
deal of money to move the amount of stock,
of sheep, of wool, and of horses that is taken
to market. „
I only desire, Mr. President, to call the
attention of the Senate to the difference be-
tween the propositions. It seems to be tho
general opinion that ere long we shall reacn a
system of free banking. Will you, then, for
this little interim of time compel these banks
to withdraw the amount of circulation that
they now have out, to be restored to them m
twelve or eighteen months hereafter ? It sennas
to me that this is an unnecessary revolution.
It is a difficult matter. It will make a frae-
tional sum to all these banks that^ have to be
curtailed; and then the question arises whether
you are to take it from the large banks or the
small banks. In all parts of N ew England a
very considerable portion of this circulation is
distributed in banks of a small amount of cap-
ital—of $50,000. The law sets forth that no
bank shall be organized for less. Are you
going to diminish these little banks? I submit
that there are a great many difficulties about
this question when you reduce it to this shape.
I suggested to the Senator from Kentucky a
proposition which I think would be fair : that
is, that when any of these banks should fail in
New England, or should, from any reason, be
wound up, then you should take the circula-
tion of such banks and give it in quarters that
were destitute. That would operate no hard-
ship upon New England. But it seems to me
that to take these banks and strip them accord-
ing to a certain given percentage, big and
little, great and small, is a species of oppres-
sion. The alternative which I present works
no hardship upon anybody. It only retires an
equal amount of United States notes and allows
this increase. What is the objection to it'! I
trust that the amendment that I have proposed
to the substitute of the Senator from Ohio may
meet with the favor of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to know whether
this proposition is in order or not before I
make a brief reply to the Senator from Ver-
mont?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has some doubt whether it is strictly in order ;
but at the same time perhaps the most con-
venient way and the simplest way would be to
take a vote upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
Now, Mr. President, let us look at the w;.y in
which this case stands. I am surprised ut'the
position of the Senator from Vermont. The
Committee on Finance, after the most careful
consideration, settled a difficult quesiion. A
demand was made upon us for some circulation
in twelve States of the Union, and we finally
agreed rather than disturb the Volume of legal
tenders, to give them S-'0,000,000 of increased
bank circulation. As a matter of course This
did not affect the State of any Senator repre-
sented in the Committee on Finance, except
the State of my friend from Missouri, [Mr.
Henderson*.] _ That was the proposition. In
my opinion it i3 altogether the wisest; but the
Senate has, on the question being presented by
a motion of the Senator from Vermont, refused
to decrease the amount of legal-tender notes
in order to make room for this S20,000,000.
That was done by a decided vote. Then the
Senate, by a decided vote, aided by the Senator
from Vermont, declared that these §^0,000.000
should be deducted from the existing bank
circulation. The Senator from Vermont ad-
vocated and supported that proposition. Evtrv
other member of the committee voted against
it. He forced this proposition, upon us. He
voted for the proposition of the Senator from
Kentucky.
