1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8221
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator will allow me, I say now I shall vote for
it; but I do not think it is as good as the
original proposition. I am against expansion.
1 am perfectly consistent. While I shall vote
for this, if I cannot do better, I prefer to do
"better
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I ask the Senator,
a member of the committee reporting this bill,
having once tried his proposition fairly, and
having been voted down by ten or fifteen
majority, is itworth while now, on this hot day,
to waste more time? Suppose I should pursue
the same course after having reported this bill,
not having the sKghtestfeeling in regard to it;
suppose 1 should insist on having these ques-
tions debated and voted upon, and then voted
upon all over again, the Senate would be out
of patience with me.
Now, sir, the proposition of the Senator
from Vermontisto retire $20,000,000 of green-
backs. Does anybody suppose that that can
be done and receive the assent of both Houses
of Congress at this session? It is perfectly idle
to attempt to send such a proposition as that
to the other House. Indeed, even in this body,
a proposition to increase the volume of green-
backs would receive more votes than a propo-
sition to diminish the volume of greenbacks.
That was tried here early in the session, and I
believe but five Senators voted to diminish the
volume. Perhaps I am mistaken in that; I
do not pretend to be accurate about a vote so
long ago; but the Senate almost by a unani-
mous vote declared that there should be no
further diminution of the volume of greenbacks.
Why, then, renew the struggle ? The question
now is between getting this §20,000,000 by cur-
tailing the greenbacks, or by curtailing the
bank circulation.
I was glad to see, and I commend it as
patriotic, many of the New England Senators,
representing States that would be affected by
this proposition, vote for surrendering up a por-
tion of their circulation in order to make up
this deficit in the southern States. I was glad
to see it. The Senator from Vermont so voted.
All the difference between my proposition and
the proposition of the Senator from Kentucky,
which 1 took as the sense of the Senate, is
simply tliat this provides a mode and manner
of effecting what the Senator from Kentucky
desired to effect. I submitted it to him, and
he agreed to it as probably the easiest and
best way.
Many difficulties might suggest themselves.
I can state many. The Senator from Vermont
suggests one, that probably we had better
take this off the banks of larger circulation.
How can you regulate that at this time ? It is
utterly impossible. A reduction pro rata will
affect any of these banks but very little; and
I have no doubt that it will be made within a
year with scarcely a perceptible flurry in the
States that will be affected by if. If we intend
to give to the southern States any national cir-
culation we cannot do it on a better basis than
the one we have now adopted. It is a mere
temporary expedient. If we now refuse to
equalize this circulation, or to take any step
in that direction, what will be the result when
twenty Senators come here on this floorto par-
ticipate in our deliberations and demand some
participation in the benefits of this national
banking circulation?
It is said that it is now of no service to the
States who have it. Then, if it is of no ser-
vice to those States, why hang on to it so
vigorously ? But it is of service to every
community to have a local bank, because its
ciiculation is loaned out. in the community;
and we ought to do that much at least for the
benefit of the southern States.
I believe myself that the result of our action
and the result of all this long debate on this
bill, the vote that has been taken refusing to
correct, the gross and palpable abuse by which
national banks are drawing interest on their
reserve, will react against the system more than
anything that has transpired in Congress. When
the national banks are not content with the
benefits conferred upon them by law, but will
insist also on drawing interest to the last dollar
of their reserve, it will do more to weaken the
whole system than anything that has trans-
pired.
But I do not want to debate that over again.
I trust that the Senate will stand by its action.
It was made against my vote, and with the vote
of the Senator from Vermont. Let us settle
this question, and get it out of the way of other
business that is now pressing upon us. The
other sections of the bill, to which there is
no opposition, I regard as important and as
strengthening the banking system; and I
desire to save what is left of this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the vote is taken,
that we may give it intelligently, I should like
to inquire what the situation of this amend-
ment is, and what is to follow it? The Sena-
tor from Vermont proposes now, I understand,
to amend the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio. If the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont is carried, I inquire upon what will
the Senate then be called to vote?
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. As the Chair
understands the amendment, it substitutes for
the fifth section the proposition of the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. MORRdLL, of Vermont. If the Chair
will permit me, it leaves the section so that an
increase of $20,000,000 will be allowed, but
will require a withdrawal of an equal amount
of United States notes.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I beg to
state now in a word the attitude of this ques-
tion, as I understand it, because I am notable
to tell how my vote is to count if I vote for the
amendment proposed. Originally, theprtiposi-
tion was to issue $20,000,0t)0 of national cur-
rency. So that this amendment applies and
was to the effect that a corresponding sum of
United States notes should be retired at the
same time. That is all intelligible. That prop-
osition, however, was struck out altogether,
and the committee inserted the provision
offered by the Senator from Kentucky, in place
of all these, that $20,000,000 should be with-
drawn from the national banks now in excess.
The amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio is merely to revise and improve, as he
thiuks, this provision of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, to make it more effectual.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Make it work better.
Mr. CONKLING. Make it work better, as
the Senator says. Now, the Chair will see that
it is wholly repugnant, to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Vermont. His amendment
has no relation whatever to this. Suppose it
were adopted; we should then have before us
an amendment providing that $20,000,000
should be withdrawn from the national banks,
and that the Secretary of the Treasury should
cancel $20,000,000 more of greenbacks. Is
that what anybody means ? Certainly not.
Therefore I submit to the Chair, with great
deference, that unless we are lost in the mazes
of metaphorical confusion, or some other con-
fusion, this amendment is out of order, and
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
being to strike out the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky and insert this revised
edition of that, is the only thing upon which
we can now vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
Senator from New York fails to understand
the proposition, or else I do. My proposition
is simply to comc in at the end of the section
as it originally stood.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, if my friend will
allow me, that section is not, and cannot be,
before the Senate. Why ? Because the Sen-
ate is acting upon the reportof the Committee
of the Whole, in which there is an absence of
that amendment. It was expressly stricken
out, and no such thing appears. My point of
order is that there is nothing here to which
this amendment can attach. The thing to
which the Senator seeks to attach it is absent;
it is gone forever, unless we reconsider the
vote in Committee of the Whole and reinstate
it in the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Ibegpardon;
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky
attaches to the end of that section.
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all; there is
where the Senator is mistaken. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky obliterates
that section and takes its place, and there it
stands; and now the Senator from Ohio pro-
poses to strike out that and substitute his sec-
tion, and the Senator from Vermont offers an
amendment to that which, if placed upon it, I
say with all respect to him, would not only
fail to make sense, but would be so repugnant
as to be ludicrous.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Then I will
vary the proposition so as to include the whole
section as it stood when reported from the
committee with this amendment, which I offer.
Mr. CONKLING. That may do; then we
can vote intelligently upon that, but we cannot
otherwise.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Ohio has an ambig-
uous look upon it; and I should like to know
what it means. If I read it correctly, it pro-
poses now to increase the circulation $20-
000,000, and then in the course of a year begin
a system of reduction to reduce $20,000,000.
That is the way it reads. There is to be an
additional circulation thrown out at once of
$20,000,000, and then in the course of a year
there is to commence a reduction of $20,000,000
in the circulation where it is held ifi excess.
. The effect of the proposition is simply to
expand the paper circulation $20,000,000 now,
and then reduce it again in a year. If the bill
provided that this new circulation should be
issued just in proportion as the existing cir-
culation is reduced elsewhere, there would be
no expansion of the circulating medium ; there
would be no stimulation of speculation or of
prices by the action of the Senate; but if you
give $20,000,000 new paper circulation now,
and within a year from this time begin to re-
duce it again, you will have the effect of buoy-
ing us up and then letting us down again. I
do not think it a wise system of finance. There
is no stability in the circulation produced by
this. It seems to me the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio is defective in that it does
not provide that the new circulation shall be
issued as the old circulation is withdrawn and
just in the same proportion. Then there is no
expansion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to go over
this so often. The law now limits the amount
to $300,000,000. That limit stands, and is not
effected by this provision. The total amount
cannot exceed the present amount authorized
by law. Bat this debate has grown to be a
wearisome thing. I have listened to it; I have
sat here and heard every thing in the world dis-
cussed except the question at issue. I do not
think the limit fixed by law of $300,000,000
is at all changed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, Mr. President,
this is a new law authorizing the expansion
of the circulating medium $20,000,000. The
effect of the bill is to authorize the putting in
circulation of $20,000,000 of paper which is
not in circulation now. It then provides for in
a year beginning a contraction of $20,000,000,
so as to bring yourselves back again where you
are now. The effect of it is to give an unnat-
ural stimulus by issuing $20,000,000 of bunk
paper, very soon to be followed by a retiring
of the same $20,000,000 next year. What is
the effect on credits, prices, and values? I
think that unless we wish to adopt the princi-
ple of the expansion of the paper medium tha
amendment ought certainly to contain a pro-
vision which shall limit expansion as the other
is retired during the year, so that there is no
shock produced, there is no expansion pro-
duced, and there is no curtailment of the paper
circulation produced by this law.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator irom.
