1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Alabama, take such an oath when all their
lives in their own States they opposed, voted
against., and resisted every attempt to establish
any such dogma?
, These scandalous provisions diselose a pur-
pose not only to control the actions, but also
to debase, demoralize, and enslave the judg-
ments and consciences of men. Governments
in this country that do not express the honest
and voluntary will of the governed are simply
usurpations or despotisms. That will cannot
be chained without doing violence to every
principle of civil liberty and defiance to the
laws of God.
But it may be said by honorable gentlemen
that these provisions in the constitution of
Alabama are justified by the proposed four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States. But that article is
not to-day the law of the land. It never has
been ratified, and I pray God it never shall be;
and if it ever is it will be against the will and
judgment of the white people of this country.
It will bo done under the lash of military
power ; it will be done at the dictation of the
Radical party ; and, if done, it will involve in
itself a palpable violation of the fundamental
principles of republican government as pre-
scribed for this country by our fathers, in
just so far as it approves or makes valid these
infamous test-oaths.
But I now invite attention to another very
remarkable provision in this constitution of
Alabama. The white men of Alabama, in the
constitution which they made for their own gov-
ernment and for the government of the black
men, exempted $500 of property from execu-
tion for debts. They considered that just, lib-
eral, and sufficient for the purposes of human-
ity and good government. But what does this
radical constitution do? What does this con-
vention of negroes and Republican camp-fol-
lowers do? They provide that §3,000 worth
of property shall be exempt from execution
for the payment of debt. I road from article
fourteen:
"Sec. 1. The personal property of any resident of
this State, to the value of SI,000, to bo selected by
such resident, shall be exempted from sale on exe-
cution or other final process of any court issued for
the collection of any debt contracted alter the adop-
tion of this constitution.
"Sec. 2. Every homestead not exceeding eighty
acres of land, and the dwelling and appurtenances
thereon, to bo selected by the owner thereof, and not
in any town, city, or village, or, in lieu thereof, at
the option of the owner, any lot in the city, town,
or village, with the dwelling and appurtenances
thereon, owned and occupied by any resident of this
State, and not exceeding the value of $'2,000, sba.ll
be exempted from sale on execution or any other
final process from a court from any debt contracted
after the adoption of this constitution."
Now, can any gentleman in this House say
tliat ho believes there are to-day in the entire
State of Alabama twenty negroes who are each
the owners of §3,000 worth of property? I
do not believe there are ten negroes in the
State of whom, under this constitution, one
solitary dollar could be collected by law for
any debt or civil obligation. Why is this pro-
vision adopted? Is it to make this constitu-
tion "republican in form?" Ah, no; it is
clone to make the civil government of Ala-
bama in perpetuity radical in its administra-
tion. That is the object. It is a bid for negro
votes. It is a bid for the control of a debased,
demoralized, corruptible population. That is
the way you propose to illustrate your ideas of
government ''republican in form."
I make no objection to any just provision on
this subject. My own State has adopted an
exemption of only $300 in favor of the debtor.
But what I solemnly protest against is the
mean partisan animus that pervades this entire
instrument, this part no more than others.
But I venture the prediction now that if the
shackles shall ever be removed from the white
men of Alabama and they obtain the control of
the State, which rightfully belongs to them,
the negroes will become their allies, because
they will find in them their best and truest
friends and protcctors. The result of the ex-
acting and selfish reign of radicalism in that
State, as in every other State, will tend more
and more to burden and impoverish the people
of all classes. It will promote strife and hatred
instead of good-will, peace, and prosperity. It
will never bring the races together in harmo-
nious and intelligent cooperation. It will in-
spire the ignorant negro with false and baseless
fears, organize him into secret societies the
better to control his political actions and en-
slave his feeble judgment, and attempt, by his
aid, to control the legislation of the country
and retain partisan power. The poor negro,
sooner or later, following the guide of his in-
stincts, if not his awakening reason, wiil dis-
cover that radicalism has done him no good
and will renounce it.
Mr. Speaker, I next invite attention to the
provisions of this remarkable instrument on
the subject of taxation for the maintenance
of schools. Now, I desire it to be distinctly
understood that I and, so far as I know, every
gentleman on this side of the House, entertain
as sincere a devotion to the interests and ad-
vancement of education everywhere as any
men in this country ; but we want those inter-
ests so advanced, so promoted, as not to make
them the very engines of tyranny for the op-
pression, demoralization, and destruction of
social and civil government. This constitu-
tion provides for the levying of most onerous
taxes for the support of education in the State
of Alabama. Those taxes must be nearly all
paid by the white men of Alabama. Yet every
dollar (and I assert this without the fear of
successful contradiction)—every dollar that
shall be so raised will go to the education of
the negroes of Alabama and to the support of
radical officers connected with its expenditure,
not to the support and education of white
children. Why? Because by your funda-
mental law you make it a perpetual obligation
upon the people.of Alabama that they shall
educate all their children in the same schools ;
that they shall practically amalgamate ; that
they shall educate the white children in debas-
ing, personal association with the black child-
ren under the control of your Freedinen's Bu-
reau and the agents of your military despotism,
or such other machineiy as shall succeed them.
Yet we are told that this is a government "re-
publican in form." These white men of Ala-
bama, in order to maintain their self-respect,
their manhood, the integrity of their blood and
race, will be compelled from tlieir own impov-
erished pockets to draw whatever they may
for the education of their own people, inde-
pendently of any provision that may be made
by the State under this constitution. Why did
you not suffer your political allies in the con-
vention of that State to secure to the negroes
their just proportion, or one half, or even
more, of the school fund, and give to the
white men the balance, so that the races might
be educated apart? Would it have been anti-
republican to make so just an adjustment? it
would have secured justice and equality to
both races in the enjoyment of the school
funds. The refusal to do it is a disgrace to
the convention and to the Radical parly, and
an outrage upon the white people.
Then this constitution gives to what it calls
a school board legislative power, making them
a sort of imperiam in imperio. They may
make laws; tliey may enforce those laws,_no
matter how rigid, how cruel, how exacting
they may be, they must be obeyed until by the
Legislature of Alabama they may be repealed.
Mr. Speaker, I invite attention to another
provision of this remarkable instrument. It
is provided in article nine that—
"AU taxes levied on property in this State shall
be assessed in exact proportion to the value of such
property."
That is right. It prescribes a rule_ of equal-
ity. It does, or proposes to do, justice. It is
in harmony with the idea of republican gov-
ernment. But in the eleventh article we find
another provision. I read it:
"Sfc.13. The General Assembly shall levy aspecific
annual tax upon all railroad, navigation, banking,
and insurance corporations, and upon all insurance
and foreign bank and exchange agencies, and tip on
the profits ot foreign bank biiis issued in this State
, corl><>ration, partnership, or persons, which
shall be exclusively devoted to the maintenance of
public schools."
The Constitntion thus first provides for an
equality of taxation. Then, in another article,
it provides for an absolute inequality of taxa-
tion. It selects out certain objects of taxation
and makes it the imperative duty of the Legis-
lature to impose upon them a specific tax.
What is a specific tax ? _ Is it a tax levied
according to values? Is it a tax having rela-
tion to the intrinsic value or productiveness
of any enterprise or capital? No; it is an
arbitrary tax—a tax having no relation to the
intrinsic value or productiveness of the thing
taxed. Such taxation is therefore in spirit, in
intent in all its results, an unequal kind of
taxation, destroying the very spirit of equality
which should pervade all fundamental laws.
Then, I submit that it involves a violation of
that provision in the Federal Constitution which
says that the citizens of each State shall enjoy
in the other States the immunities and privi-
leges of citizens of the several States. Can it
be pretended that, this is making a republican
constitution? Will such a system of unequal
taxation advance the material welfare of the
Slate ? Is this the way you would invite enter-
prise and capital to seek homes and make
investments in Alabama? I fear there is design
in this provision, so singular in itself, so excep-
tional in its terms, so plainly partial in its
requirements, and so violative of the just prin-
ciples of equality. It may produce a large
fund, for it is required to lie levied on the
aggregated capital which is chiefly employed in
the development of roe great material interests
and resources of the State. But who will own
that capital? White men of Alabama and of
other States. Who will enjoy the benefit of
that fund? Negroes alone, not white men.
But you may say, let white men send their
children to schools with negroes. Do you do
so yourselves? Would you not esteem it con-
tamination to do so? Yes, sir. But you com
mend by this legislation to the poor, already
impoverished, oppressed people of Alabama,
what you would never submit to yourselves,
what you would resist as unjust and cruel. I
conclude, therefore, that the purpose of this
| specific tax is further to burden the white
! people of Alabama.
I next invite attention, Mr. Speaker, to the
apportionment provisions of this " republican "
constitution for the people of Alabama. It is
said to be a " republican form of government."
Let us see. We find in this constitution an
infamous system, not exactly of ''gerryman-
dering" as we call it in the States where tricks
and frauds of this sort are sometimes resorted
to by political parties having the ascendancy
for the time; but it is proposed to indulge in
this infamous kind of legislation in a charter
of government and to fasten it perpetually upon
the people of that State.
\ Let us see how it is to be carried out. The
{ thirty-five counties in which the whites pre-
' dominate, having 282,282 whites to 111,159
blacks, have but thirty-five representatives to
an aggregate population of393,441. The twenty-
four counties in which the negroes predomi-
j nate, 328,300 blacks to 2-32,407 whites have
i sixty-five representatives to an aggregate pop-
ulation of 580.717.
In other words, wherever the whites predora-
| inate, the apportionment of representatives is
one to 11,241 people, and where the negroes
predominate, the apportionment is one to 8,933
people. So that with nearly one hundred thou-
sand less population in the State, the negroes
will control two thirds of the State Legislature,
and thus prevent amendments to the constitu-
tion or any amelioration of the horrible oppres-
sions of the whites. Is this making a govern-
ment "republican in form?" If "it is, then
the spirit and purpose of republican govern-
i ment are more unholy and infamous than those
of a monarchy, aristocracy, oligarchy, or des-
potism, If Congress can make and dictate to
