1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
the late United States in any form? Could he
not say further, " I did more than that. Being
myself past the age to do military duty, I fur-
nished my only son to aid you in gaining your
independence; although poor, I gave him $100
—all the money I could raise—to send him, my
only son, to you to aid you in achieving your
independence. Will you, therefore, take from
me my property? Was I disloyal to you?
Have I not aided you ?'' Would not the argu-
ment be unanswerable?
_ But it is said by the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia that we must tolerate differences of opin-
ion. Sir, there are some differences of opinion
that we cannot tolerate and will not tolerate.
We will not tolerate any man in the opinion
that this Government has no power to main-
tain its own existence. _ We will not tolerate
the opinion that the Union ought to be dis-
solved. We will not tolerate secession. We
will not tolerate the opinion that secession is a
constitutional right. We fought against this
doctrine, and we fought against those who
acted upon it. The verdict of the war has
established, if it has established any fact, that
no such opinion shall exist in this country.
Now, if you can show me that Mr. Thomas
entertains only a difference of opinion with us
on questions of politics—only a difference of
opinion on those subjects where we can tolerate
such a difference—we will tolerate it; bnt if he
believes to-day that secession was right, if he
believes to-day that he was right in surrender-
ing his great office and giving his influence in
favor of that movement, if he believes to-day
that he was right in associating with rebels and
refusing to aid the Union organization in Mary-
land, if he believes to-day that he was right in
giving his son to the rebellion, it is an opinion
that the safety of this Government denies us
the power to tolerate. We cannot tolerate a
difference of opinion if that different opinion
be in favor of treason and rebellion. It has
cost too much to suppress the rebellion for us
to allow a man to be tolerated in such notions.
It seems to me that this is an exceedingly
plain case; I do not wish to multiply words. I
am certain that if it were.an ordinary criminal
case there would be no defense. I have illus-
trated that once on this floor. It seems to me
that if you look at a criminal conspiracy organ-
ized for the commission of any other crime,
leaving out of view "the late unpleasantness,"
there could be no difficulty in the case. If wo
look at it as the commission of any other crime,
if we admit that rebellion is a crime, this man
would be an accessory before the fact, and so
treated by the law everywhere as a principal.
He certainly knew what was going to be done;
he certainly knew that his son was going into
therebellion; he certainly gave him §100 which
was necessary to enable him to go. He knew
all this; he gave the money knowingly.
If it was a case of larceny, and he had given
the son a horse to go and commit a larceny, or
if he had furnished him any other means, even
on a pretext that it was from a feeling that he
did not wisli his son to suffer, he would be
convicted before any jury of the country. The
only way to get out of it is to say that rebel-
lion is not a crime. Apply these facts to any
offense, to any common crime, even that of
petty larceny, and there can be no doubt that
a persop who, knowing that a crime was to bo
committed, knowing the purpose of the party
to be to commit a crime, aided him by giving
him $100, would be held guilty;_ that fact
alone would be deemed conclusive in any case
as a matter of law, aud the court would so
instruct. The jurv might acquit, but that
does not affect the question. The court would
so instruct the jury as a matter of law. We
are to act as judges of the law, and because
a jury iu Maryland of his friends might acquit
him, or a jury in Massachusetts of his enemies
might convict him, neither should influence us.
But what, upon "this state of facts, would a
court be bound to say? We are to determine
the law. The court would be bound to say
that he was an accessory before the fact, simply
and plainly. When it is known what is to be
done, when all the facts are known, and the
money is given with a deliberate intention and
purpose, there is no question of motive left.
The law presumes the motive. The law pre-
sumes that every man intends the legitimate
and necessary consequences of his own acts.
To say that a man who gives $100 to his son to
go into the rebellion does not intend that that
money should be used for the purposes of the
rebellion is to stultify every principle of law,
to deny every principle in the administration
of justice with which we are familiar. lie
knew what would be the consequence of his
act, and when he aided his son to get to the
rebel army it is to be presumed that he in-
tended that he should go there or he would not
have done the very thing the necessary and
legitimate consequence of which was to secure
his getting there.
I hope Senators will rcfleet upon his whole
conduct, and see if it would not have made him
a pretty good rebel in the estimation of the
rebels before they whitewash him a Union
man. I believe that if on this record he were
to claim a seat in the rebel Congress he would
be successful and would stand before them
with a spotless rebel character. He would be
hailed as one of the originators of the move-
ment ; he would be taken by the hand by Jeff.
Davis and the whole crew as one of those who
had the manliness in the beginning to pro-
nounce in favor of the right of secession, one
of those who had the manliness to stand the
persecution of the Yankee Government in
Maryland, one of those who would sacrifice
his own son to aid the rebellion, and they
would give him a high place in the rebel sj'na-
gogue.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I shall say
but a few words on this occasion ; and I would
not detain the Senate at all if the name of a
citizen of my State had not been dragged into
the discussion ; and it is to some extent for the
vindication of that eminent citizen of my State
that I now rise to present the facts in his case.
The question for the Senate to decide on the
present occasion is whether the applicant for a
seat from Maryland can take the oath prescribed
by Congress. The only clause of the oath to
which I shall refer is that which requires a
man to swear that ho has never given aid or
countenance to the rebellion. I do not under-
stand the object of the oath to be precisely
what it was represented to be by the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] that is, to pre-
vent persons who were in arms at the time
it was prescribed from coming into the Con-
gress of the United States. I understand the
object of that oath was to prevent disloyal per-
sons from coming into Congress, not only at
that- time but after the rebellion should have
closed. And by "loyalty" 1 do not mean
simply obedience to law; but I understand
loyalty to bo lore, affection, reverence for the
Government; and the individual must be
directed in his actions by motives of that kind
if he is strictly loyal.
Starting from these premises, I shall review
briefly the facts of the ease of my colleague in
the other House, General Stokes, to whom
reference has been made. When the rebellion
commenced General Stokes was a member of
the Thirty-Sixth Congress; and at the very
time this applicant left his position as Secre-
tary of the Treasury of the United States Mr.
Stokes was in the House of liepresentatives,
acting with the loyal portion of that body for
the preservation and maintenance of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. His term of
office expired on the 4tli of March, 1861. On
the 7th of March, 18(31, he met his fellow-citi-
zens in the city of Nashville, and addressed
them plainly, boldly, bravely, manfully, in
defense of the country, notwithstanding the
fact that a storm of rebellion and fury was then
sweeping over that portion of the country,
which, iu the end, carried down before it every
leading man in middle aud western Tennessee
except General Stokes himself.
He continued to defend the Government
until near the period of the date of his letter
which has been read, the 10th of May, 1801.
During that time, all through that region,
amid a fierce population, there was a storm
of rage and violence sweeping over it, which,
as I have said, carried away almost every
leading man, and, indeed, I may say every one
there except Stokes himself. And it would
have swept away as brave and bold men even
as the Senator from Illinois himself; and I
have no doubt it did. For a moment, for two
days only, Mr. "Stokes, enthusiastic as you all
know him to be, became unmanned; I admit
he lost his manhood for a short time, and wrote
not only an improper but a very bad letter, one
which he will regret as long as he lives. But,
sir, in two days he recovered his manhood ; he
acknowledged his error; he did that which few
men are capable of doing, and which very few
through all "that region of country have ever
done.
I wish to make another remark in reference
to this letter, which I condemn, and ever have
condemned, just as earnestly as does that gen-
tleman himself at the present time, and as
earnestly as the Senator from Illinois or any
other Senator. I have always condemned the
letter, and always regretted, for the sake of
General Stokes himself, that he permitted him-
self to be thus unmanned even for a time.
It was written under the circumstances
which I have stated, amid a storm of revo-
lutionary violence. A storm of burning rage
against the Government of the United States
was sweeping over the southern country, the
like of which was never witnessed, and which
no one here will witness, unless it is his mis-
fortune to be placed iu the midst of a rebellion
of that kind and that magnitude. I confess
that I had no conception of what an infuriated
people were capable of until I passed through
that stormy time. General Stokes was a
marked man. It was understood by the rebels
that ho was for defending the Union and that
ho was a dangerous man to them ; that he must
be removed out of the way. He was visited by
a rebel with a message from the Mr. Duncan
to whom the letter was addressed, warning him
that he must give them some evidence that he
was favorable to the South and against its in-
vasion from the North, or that he would be
put out of the way. Under these circum-
stances, for a few days only, General Stokes
permitted himself to lose bis manhood ; but
within two days he recovered it and went on
defending the cause of the Union throughout
Tennessee, and continued to defend it against
the ablest men of the State up to the time the
vote was taken on secession, on the 8th of June,
1861. After that he remained partially quies-
cent, although he was driven even during this
period from his home and forced to seek the
protection of the woods and find refuge in
hiding-places until General Bucll arrived in the
city of Nashville, when he promptly hastened
to assist the Government, offered his services,
raised a regiment, and on many a battle-field
showed his valor in defense of the country;
and from the time that letter was written to
this hour no individual can point to a single
instance of a disloyal word, a disloyal act, or
a disloyal sentiment on his part. I believe
myself, from what I know of him, that from
the time he wrote this letter and throughout
the whole period of the war he loved and ven-
erated the Government of the United States
as much as any one of her children, or the
bravest, the truest, the most faithful does now.
1 know his earnest, truthful, warm-hearted
nature. Sometimes, in the flush of his senti-
raents and under peculiar circumstances, he
may have done improper acts, as who has not?
i have slated the facts of that case. Now.
what is there in this form which a parallel can
be drawn between Stokes and Thomas? This
gentleman was a high officer in the Govern-
ment of the United States. What was his
course of conduct? I do not condemn him so
much for the letter he wrote or for the $100
he gave to his son as fort ho fact that the tes-
timony shows that he had no position, or but
a silent one, during the whole war, the fact
