1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2199
give such person authority to organize the same
when filled to the maximum number required for a
company by tho United States Army regulations;
when the company so raised shall be accepted by the
Governor he shall issue a commission as captain to
said person.
Sec. 3. Subalterns and non-commissioned officers
shall be chosen by two thirds of the members of their
respective companies; field officers of regiments and
separate battalions, by the written roll of the com-
missioned officers of their respective regiments and
battalions; major generals, brigadier generals, and
commanding officers of regiments or separate battal-
ions shall appoint the staff officers of their respect-
ive divisions, brigades, regiments, or separate bat-
talions.
Sec. 4. There shall not be less than one organized
company of militia in each county in the State, nor
more than one company to every one thousand qual-
ified electors.
Sec. 5. The Governor, on entering upon the dis-
charge of his duties, shall immediately proceed to
organize the militia into platoons, companies, bat-
talions, regiments, brigades, and divisions. Platoons,
companies, and regiments shall be composed of the
number of commissioned officers, non-commissioned
officers, and men now required by the revised regu-
lations of the Army of the United States. A regi-
ment shall consist of not less than eight companies,
with the number of field and staff officers prescribed
by the revised Army regulations for the particular
branch of the service to which it may be assigned.
A brigade shall consist of three or more regiments.
Sec. 6. Platoons or companies, as soon'as organ-
ized, shall elect the subalterns and non-commis-
sioned officers. The commissioned officers of all regi-
mental brigades and staff officers appointed by the
Governor shall, before commissions are issued to
them, take and prescribe to the following oath.
The staff of general officers shall be the same as, for
the time, may be prescribed by regulations of the
United States Army or orders of the War Depart-
ment, governing appointments of officers of the same
grade in the United States service, all of whom shall
be detailed from the line of the command of the offi-
cers to whose staff they are attached.
Sec. 7. The staff of the commander-in-chief shall
be an adjutant general, with tho rank and pay of
colonel of cavalry; a quartermaster general, an in-
spector general, an^ra commissary general, each with
the rank and pay of colonel of cavalry; a paymaster
general, with the rank and pay of lieutenant colonel
of infantry; a surgeon general, with the rank and
pay ofcolouelof iniantry; ajudge-advocategeneral,
with the rank and pay of lieutenant colonel of in-
fantry; three aids-de-camp, with tho rank and pay
of major of infantry; he may detail from the line and
field officers of any regiment such officers as he may
deem pioper, and assign them to duty on his staff.
Sec. 8. It shall be lawful for the commander-in-
chief to call into service such platoons, companies,
regiments, or other force, as the safety and peace of
the State may require, and to issue such orders, in-
structions, general and special, as may bo necessary
to insure good discipline and perfection in drill, and
safety to the persons and property of the citizens of
the State.
Sec. 9. The publication of the proclamation of the
Governor shall be deemed sufficient notice to all per-
sons belonging to the organized militia to report to
their respective commandingofficerforactiveservice.
Sec. 10. The Articles of War and Regulations, as
published by the War Department of the United
States, shall be observed by the volunteer militia of
Alabama in every particular, not otherwise provided
by this ordinance, and the manner of drill shall bo
such as is prescribed in the tactics adopted for tho
United States Army.
Sec. 11. Whenever the militia, or any part of it, is
called into service, the inspector general, or his as-
sistants, shall muster such force into the service, on
the rolls of the platoon or company, one of which
rolls shall be retained by the commanding officer of
the platoon or company, one copy shall be returned
to the adjutant general of the State, and one copy
to the district headquarters. He shall administer to
each platoon or company, separately, the following
oath: "You, andeachof you, do solemnlyswearthat
you will support, protect, and defend tho United
States and the State of Alabama, and the constitu-
tion and laws thereof, against all their enemies; that
you will assist in enforcing the laws, and will obey
all lawful orders of the officers having authority to
command you while in the service, so help you God."
Skc. 12. This paragraph imposes penalties for neg-
lect of duty.
Sec. 13. Any one who shall have been enlisted in
the volunteer militia of the State, having been pre-
viously made acquainted with the duties and require-
ments of the service, and shall afterward neglect or
refuse to obey the lawful orders of his superior officer,
or willfully violates any of the provisions of thisordi-
nance, shall pay the sum of twenty dollars, to be
levied upon his goods and chatties, by order of the
commanding officer of tho district, and may be
imprisoned or put to hard labor by said officer, until
said fine is paid, and shall then be assigned to such
pla toon or company as the commanding officers of the
district may direct; and any person thus liable to
militia service who shall refuse or neglect to perform
such service, shall pay a fine of five dollars per day
for every day he fails to render such service, after
having been thereto required by his officers, and in
addition thereto such delinquent shall be subject to
arrest and punishment, within the discretion of a
court-martial, and nothing in this section shall be
construed to exempt any man from military service.
Sec. 14. The commanding officer of eachplatoonor
company shall certify to the commanding officer of
the battalion or regiment to which ho is attached a
list of all persons liable to fine under the provisions
of this ordinance, with the number of days eachper-
son has neglected or refused to do duty, which list
shall be by the commanding officer of the battalion
or regiment certified to the clerk of the circuit court
of the county ten days before the next term of the
said court, who shall place a copy of said list on a
conspicuous place in his office at least five days
before the first day of the term.
Sec. 15. It shall be the duty of the circuit court
to renderajudgment and anexecution against each
person named in his said list for the sum due by him
and cost, which shall be collected a3 other lines. The
sheriff of the country may collectallsums due in said
list before judgment, and shall pay over the same to
the State treasury, to the credit of the militia iund.
He shall certify to the commanding officer of the dis-
trict the names of all persons who fail to pay the
amount stated against them in said lists, or who have
no property whereot to levy such execution, and the
commanding officer of the district shall arrest and
put at labor the persons mentioned in the la^t named
lists, until the amounts due by them arc paid, and it
shall be the duty of the circuit attorney of the proper
circuit to prosecute all such matters as shall come
before the said court by virtue of said section.
Sec. 16. The sum of one dollar per day shall bo
reckoned to every person put at labor under the
provisions of this ordinance.
Sec. 17. The uniform of volunteer militia of Ala-
bama shall be the same as prescribed by the United
States Army regulations lor the Army of the United
States, until otherwise ordered by the commander-
in-chief.
Sec. 18. All officers when on duty shall wear the
uniform of their rank, and no person not in the mil-
itary service of the State or United States shall
wear any insignia of rank, under a penalty of $100
for eveiy offense, to be recovered by suit and sum-
mary trial before any justice of the peace.
Sec. 19. The pay of the volunteer militia when
called into actual service of the State or of the Uni-
ted States, shall be the same for officers and men as
tllowed for the time by the United States to officers
nd soldiers, and fifty cents for each day's service
of his horse when he is mounted.
Sec. 20. All taxes levied and collected for military
purposes, and all fines imposed upon militia men by
this ordinance, all proceed* of Ike sale of contraband
or captured property seized or captured by the mili-
tia, and all other appropriations and levies madol'or
the benefit of tho militia, shall likewise be paid into
the treasury to the crcdit of the said fund. Out of
such fund shall bo paid all expenses incurred ac-
cording to law, and audited by the proper officers,
and appropriations for military purposes, as other
claims against the State.
Sec. 21. The Governor of the State shall lay be-
fore the General Assembly at each regular session
thereof, a report of the money expended tor militia
"purposes, and an estimate of the funds necessary for
support of the militia for the next two years.
Sec. 22. Any officer, civil or military, who may re-
fuse to account for, and pay over according to law,
any moneys or property, coming into his hands? be-
longing to the militia fund, shall, upon conviction
thereot in the circuit or criminal courts, on indict-
ment, be sentenced to imprisonment in the peniten-
tiary for a term of not less than five or more than ten
years.
Sec. 23. Courts-martial shall be constituted and
shall proceed in all cases, and bo governed by the
laws and regulations prescribed for the United States
Army.
Sec. 24. The General Assembly of the State shall
provide the ways and means for the payment of tho
Alabama volunteer militia when in actual service,
and may at any time amend orrepeal thisordinancc.
Sec. 25. It shall be the duty of the Governor in
organizing the militia of tho several counties into
regiments, brigades, and divisions, to so distribute
the several commands as to insure the public safety.
Sec. 2(3. The following shall be the apportionment
to the several counties of militia, each: llaldwin,
one company; Baine, one company; Bibb, one
company; Blount, one company; Clay, ono com-
pany; Cherokee, one company: Cleburn, one com-
pany; Cofiee, one company: Conecuh, one com-
pany; Coosa, one company; Colbert, one company ;
Covington, one company: Dale, one company;
DeKalb, one company; Franklin, one company;
Jefferson, orre company: Marshall, one company;
Marion, one company; Morgan, one company^ Si.
Clair, one company ; Walker, one company; ash-
ington, one company; Winston, one company;
Autauga, two companies : Butler, two companies;
Calhoun, two companies; Chambers, two companies;
Clark* two companies; Crenshaw, two companies:
Choctaw, two companies; Elmore, two companies;
Henry, two companies; Jackson, two companies;
Lauderdale, two companies: Lawrence, two com-
panies; Limestone, two companies; Monroe, two
companies; Pickens, two companies: Randolph,
two companies; Shelby, two companies;^ Bullock,
three companies; Greene three companies; Hale,
three companies; Lowndes, three companies; Lee,
threo companies; Macon, three companies; Pike,
three companies; llussell, three companies; lalla-
dega, three companies; Tallapoosa, three com-
panies: Tuscaloosa, three companies; Barbour,
four companies; Madison, four companies; Sumter,
four companies ; Wilcox, four companies; Marengo,
five companies; Perry, five companies; Dallas,
seven companies; Montgomery, seven companies;
Mobile, seven companies.
D. JB. COOS, Chairman.
M. D. BRAlfrAKfi,
« B. 0. MASTBRSON,
o. w. ] (jsta\r, -* -Committee,
C. P. SIMMONS,
JAS. R. WALKER,
GEO. J. DYKES,
REPORT OB GENERAL MEADE.
The SPExYKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the House of the 27th instant, a report
by Major General Meade relative to the State
of Alabama; which was ordered to be printed,
and referred, with accompanying documents,
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
NAVAL STOREKEEPER AT RIO JANEIRO.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Navy, in reply to a
resolution of the House of the 26th instant,
relative to the authority by which a paymaster
in the United States Navy is employed as resi-
dent naval storekeeper at Rio Janeiro and
elsewhere at an increased salary; which was
referred to the Committee 011 Naval Affairs.
LIGHT-HOUSE AT AU SABLE RIVER.
The SPEAKER also, by nnanimousconsent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting a communi-
cation from the Light-House Board covering a
letter from General Reynolds, engineer elev-
enth light-house district, relative to the erec-
tion of a light-house at the month of the Au
Sable river, Lake Huron, Michigan ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
DESTITUTE CHEROKEE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a report of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs relative to
the removal of certain destitute Cherokee In-
dians now scattered through the Indian Terri-
tory to their homes in the Cherokee country,
with estimates of the appropriations made
therefor; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. TABER asked and obtained leave of
absence for next week. _ /
ADMISSION OF ALABAMA.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] who has just taken
his seat, asserts, as one of his objections to this
constitution of Alabama, that the convention
has disfranchised three of the counties of that
State. That objection was made by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] the other
day in the document which was submitted to
the House as the views of the minority of the
Committee on Reconstruction. That, sir, is
a serious objection to this constitution if it can ,
be said upon this floor with truth that the peo-
ple of three of the counties of the State, have
actually been disfranchised by the convention.
That would be an objection which might well
have great weight with the members of this
House when asked to vote for tho admission
of Alabama under this constitution. But I
meet that assertion here with a point-blank
denial. I tell you, sir, the convention did not
disfranchise the people of three of the coun-
ties of the State of Alabama, that the framers
of the constitution have not in any way im-
paired the representative power of the people
of any of the counties of the State, and I will
show that what I state is true. I know what
counties the gentlemen has in mind, although
he has not named them. He refers to the
counties of Baine, Colbert, and Jones.
Now, sir, I might call upon the gentleman
to present pi oof of the fact which lie asserts.
I might call upon him to show you that the
three counties to which he refers were actually
counties of the State of Alabama, and that the
people of those counties have been stripped
of their representation by this constitution.
He has not ottered any proof. He has not
pointed to the facts in the ease upon which he
bases his assertion. I deny the assertion; and
I will assume the burden of proof and will
present the facts which show the assertion to
be incorrect. It is true that in the year 1867
