1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1175
that you can place him upon 110 side of the
great issue. On the 12th of January, 1861,
when the war was flagrant, when hostile acts
had been perpetrated against the Government
of the Uuited States, when some of the States
had already consummated the act of separa-
tion from the Union, so far as their own action
could effect it, this man withdrew from the
Cabinet at a time when other conspirators with-
drew from it, because he could not join with
the Administration in its feeble and almost
cowardly act of reinforcing Fort Sumter by
sending there the Star of the West with pro-
visions and men. He resigned because he
could not agree with Mr. Buchanan in the ser-
vile, disgraceful, and cowardly course even that
he pursue <}—a course that would have disgraced
the humblest boy who waits on this House if
he had proposed measures so insignificant and
so trivial, but yet so well calculated to destroy
the country. I can tell you, Mr. President,
that the feeble efforts of this Government at
that time were in a great measure the cause
of the secession of many ofthe southern States.
More than to any other one thing I can trace
the secession of the State of Tennessee to the
fact that the people heard no response here
from the Administration, or even from the Con-
gress of the United States. There was no word
uttered, no act done, to show that there was
going to be a bold, brave, manful, patriotic
defense of the Government and the Union.
I remember well when the different members
left the Cabinet and the effect which it pro-
duced. I remember the influence that Mr.
Thomas's resignation produced in my region
of the country. It caused men whrf had before
been firm and steadfast for the Government to
tremble and to leave the positions they had oc-
cupied. They believed that all was gone; that
the dissolution of the Union was already con-
summated, and they submitted to what seemed
to be inevitable.
But that is not all; this gentleman retires to
his farm; he remains tranquil amid one of
the greatest convulsions that ever shook this
earth. Not only does he remain tranquil, but
you cannot distinctly trace his action in any
manner except that he seems to have separated
entirely from all intercourse and association
with his neighbors and former companions who
were friendly to the Government of the United
States.
One other act of his I will refer to. He had
a SQn who had abstained from going into the
army for a long time until the war had spread
over the whole country. He then proposed to
go into the army of the enemies of his coun-
try, and his father knew his intentions. Now,
recollect, sir, the act of giving that son money
under those circumstances is no act of paternal
affection; it is an act committed by an indi-
vidual giving favor, aid, facilities to his own
son, who is going to commit a crime against
his country. There is no father who has
proper regard for the feelings and interests of
his son who would give him aid and assistance
in perpetrating a great crime. I do not con-
sider that it requires the_stern patriotism^
the elder Brutus to abstain from contributing
to the wants or necessities of a son who is
about to join the enemies of his country and
fight against his Government. To do that is
not a paternal act, is not an act of affection.
On such a subject my decision would be this:
that if, knowing the act the son was about to
do, and knowing that he was about to go from
home with the purpose of joining the enemy,
a man giving him aid and comfort to accomp-
lish that purpose must be regarded as commit-
ted to the act itself. He undoubtedly did aid
his son to go. Then, when the son came back
was he not received at home? Certainly, and
he remains in his father's house at the pres-
ent time, as far as we know, without reproach
or censure.
Mr. President, let me tell you an occurrence
which took place in my own State. There was
an aged and patriotic father there who had two
sons. One of them went into the rebel army
and the other joined the Union Army, lhey
both returned home at the end of the war. The
old gentleman said, "Boys, I am very glad you
have come back, I am glad to see you;" and
then, turning to the one who had fought for his
country, he said to him, "My son, you obeyed
the wishes of your father; you served the cause
of your country; you fought for it; and there
is always a place beneath my roof for you;"
and then, turning to the other, he said, " You
disobeyed my orders; you disobeyed my wishes;
you were the enemy of my country and of me;
there is no place for you in this house." That
was the language of a patriot, and the separa-
tion then effected continues to the present time.
I do think that at least this father was a patri-
otic man, and that he had kind, paternal affec-
tions also.
Now, sir, is there any similarity between the
case of General Stokes and the one before the
Senate? Not one particle. I then return to
the point with which I started, that this oath
was prescribed by Congress for the purpose
of securing loyalty in this and the other House ;
that this individual did give aid and encourage-
ment to rebellion by his resignation of his po-
sition in the Cabinet, and more by his silence
during the war, being a prominent man, a man
of great talents and great influence, who had
held high* position. He chose to stand apart
and witness this wonderful convulsion with
perfect tranquillity and with as much calmness
and disinterestedness as a naturalist takes up
the bodies of insects and pins them to his
paper. He seems to have had no other interest
in it than that of a placid spectator. There is
perhaps no character throughout the country
more censurable than one who pretended to
stand neutral in the great contest; as 1 find the
condition of such a man better described by
another, I shall simply read a description which
I find in the third canto of Dante, who has
sounded all the depths of human good and
human ill:
" The groans which thou hast heard
Proceed from those who, when on earth they were,
Nor praise deserved, nor mlamy incurred.
Here with those caitiff angels they abide
Who stood aloof in Heaven—to God untrue,
Yet wanting courage with his Iocs to side.
Heaven drove them forth, itsbeauly not to stain:
And HoU refuses to receive them too:
From them no glory could the damned obtain.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to add anything in the way of arguments
or assignment of reasons to those which I pre-
sented when this subject was up before, but to
suggest one point which has not yet been no-
ticed. The honorable Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumboia,] in his remarks yesterday,
referred to the action of the House of Repre-
sentatives in the case of Mr. Stokes, concern-
ing which the Senator from Tennessee has just
spoken. Mr. Stokes, it appeared, early in the
rebellion, wrote a letter of a suspicious char-
acter ; and yet the House of Representatives
admitted him to his seat there. Now, I wish
to point the attention of the Senator from Illi-
nois and of the Senate to a much later act on
the part of the House of Representatives than
that to which he referred in the case of Mr.
Stokes ; I refer to its action yesterday in the
case of John Young Brown, who, when elected
by the people of a congressional district in
Kentucky to the House of Representatives,
was objected to on account of disloyalty in
1801, which disloyalty consisted in using these
words then:
"Not one man or one dollar will Ivontuckyfurnisli
Lincoln to aid him in his unholy war against the
South. If this northern Army should attempt to
cross our borders wo will resist it unto the death, and
if one man shall be found in our Commonwealth to
volunteer to join them he ought, and I believe will
be, shot down before he leaves the State.
Yesterday the House of Representatives,
after full discussion, adopted this resolution:
"Resolved, That Jolin Young Brown having volun-
tarily given aid, countenance, counsel, and encour-
agement to persons engaged in armed hostility to the
United States, is not entitled to take the oath of oflice
as a Representative in this House from the second
congressional district of Kentucky, or to hold a seat
therein as such Representative."
Now, sir, in referring to the precedent which
the honorable Senator from Illinois presented
on the part of the House of Representatives, I
counteract it with this last expression of the
sentiment of that House, and I ask Senators in
what essential particular consists the difference
between the acts manifesting disloyalty on the
part of Mr. Thomas and those of John Young
Brown in consequence of which the House of
Representatives have refused to allow him to
take the oath which Mr. Thomas, of Maryland,
has to take if he is admitted here?
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I propose to
follow the example of several Senators who
have believed it proper that they should add
another remark to what they had previously
uttered on this subject. I regret that I feel
impelled at this late hour, and at this point in
this protracted debate, to say anything further ;
and but for the fact that others have said much,
I certainly should now remain silent. I have
already defined my position on this question
in the remarks which I submitted to the Sen-
ate on a former occasion; but I deem it proper
to say a few words now in view of the subse-
| quent discussion which has occurred.
I take it for granted that the friends of the
Government, the true loyal men of this coun-
try, who have always been true, are just as
honest and as true to-day as they have ever
been. I hold that there is enough in this case
to justify an honest difference of opiuion and
action, and yet some Senators seem to come
to the conclusion, as though they desire to
prejudge this ease in regard to every man who
shall not be able to see it and understand it
just as they do, that there is no possibility of
an honest Senator coming to any other con-
clusion than that to which they have come
themselves.
When this case was before the Senate on a
former occasion I argued it from the testi-
mony. I believed the testimony to be true.
I relied upon the unimpeached testimony re-
ported by the committee, as I should have
done in a court of justice. I supposed that
it was to be taken as true until it was at-
tacked by testimony equally worthy of credit.
1 undertook on that occasion to show by the
testimony that this father never consented for
one single moment that his son should enter
the rebel service. I undertook to show by
the testimony that in all his conversations to
his son he protested against it. The evidence
is that he protested against^ his son's going
into the rebel service; he assigned reasons for
it whicil, perhaps, he considered sufficiently
weighty. I would have considered that his
opposition was better sustained if some addi-
tional reasons which I would have volunteered
had also backed up his advice to that son ; but
nevertheless the testimony is that lie discour-
aged him. Not only that, but it is in the testi-
mony that he discouraged all young men when-
ever the question was raised from entering the
rebel service. It is in testimony that lie per-
sisted in discouraging his son from going into
the rebel army and that he never consented
to aid him in any way for the purpose of put-
ting him in a position to go into the rebel
army; but that finally, when the son told him
that nothing he could say or do would induce
him to remain at home, he then yielded so far
as, under a protest that he was not willing to
aid that cause or to aid him in entering the
rebel army, to give him $100 rather than that
he should suffer.
Now, sir, I ask Senators to hear one propo-
sition, and then they may relapse into conver-
sation, if they please, and I shall not complain.
I wish simply to put this one proposition to
Senators: there may be a giving that is not m
spirit a giving of aid and comfort to the rebel-
lion. If Senator Thomas knew that the streams
were upj and that such was the condition of
the fords over which that son was about to
undertake to pass, that in his heart he felt con-
vinced that his son would be drowned if he
undertook to make a passage of those streams
for the purpose of going in the direction of the
rebel army; and if under those circumstances
he had given him a horse which would carry
him over those streams, witli the distinct under-
