3224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
passed House bill No. 1059, to relieve certain
citizens of North Carolina of disabilities, with
amendments, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
NATIONAL SAFE-DEPOSIT COMPANY.
The SPEAKER. The question in order is
the consideration of the bill (_H. R. No. 579)
supplemental to an act to incorporate the
National Safe-Deposit Company of Washing-
ton, in the District of Columbia, approved
January 22, 1867, reported from the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment of the gen-
tlemen from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard.1
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What
is it ?
The SPEAKER. "The gross receipts to
be taxed the same as the gross receipts of
express companies."
Mr. BOUTWELL. Is the bill open for
debate?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to speak five
minutes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. When the question is
taken on the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, I will yield the floor to the gentle-
man.
The SPEAKER. At the expiration of the
morning hour yesterday the House was divid-
ing on seconding the previous question, no
quorum voting.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I modify my demand
for the previous question, so as to cover only
the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 30,
noes 21; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Twiciieli, and Mr. Hotchkiss.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 47, noes 49.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I yield the floor to the
gentleman from Massachusetts for five minutes.
Mr. BOUTWELL. My objection to this
bill, Mr. Speaker, is, first, to the principle of
the bill. It proposes to endow a company
already existing to receive on deposit articles
of value and keep them in safes in a fire and
burglar-proof building, and to charge commis-
sion and compensation therefor. It author-
izes this company to reccive moneys, the sav-
ings of the poor in this District and vicinity.
Now, then, it is a well-fixed rule in England
and Prance, and in this country, that savings
institutions, which take the fruit of the labor
of the poor, of widows and orphans, should
not be allowed by law to do any other business
whatever, involving the proceeds of the indus-
try of these people who are not capable of
taking care of their money themselves. There-
fore I object to endowing this corporation with
any power of this sort.
Then, in the next place, wherever savings
institutions are properly established they are
mutual. This is not. They are authorized
to receive the savings of the poor, and are to
publish annually the rate of interest they will
allow and take the difference to themselves.
Therefore it is merely endowing this corpora-
tion with the authority of Congress to borrow
money for their own advantage instead of hold-
ing it in trust for the benefit of the depositors.
Then, in the next place, and it is a more
serious objection, they are authorized to be
pawnbrokers, to receive on deposit in trust per-
sonal property and real estate; and in addition
to that they are endowed with a power which
no corporation under any Government ever was
endowed with, and that is to dispose of real
estate put into their hands in trust without any
proceeding of law or equity, only having the
consent of the purchaser to the transaction.
The person who deposits or places in their
hands real or personal property by this act has
no control over it whatsoever. I believe I
have said enough, if enough can be said, to
satisfy this House that no such power ought to
be granted to that institution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What part of this bill
authorizes this company to dispose of property
put in their possession without the consent or
authority of the parties from whom they re-
ceive it?
Mr. BOUTWELL. The third section of the
bill as it stands authorizes them to dispose of
real estate put into their hands in trust without
any proceeding in law or equity whatsoever.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire the Clerk to
read the third section, as modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. And bo it further enacted, That the said
National Deposit Company be hereby authorized to
receive and hold on deposit and in trust estate, real
and personal, including the notes, bonds, obligations,
and accounts of estates and individuals, and of com-
panies and of corporations, and the same to pur-
chase, collect, adjust, and settle, and also to sell and
dispose of tho same in any market in the United
States or elsowhero without proceeding in law and
equity, and for such price and at such times as may
be agreed upon between thom and parties contract-
ing with them.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Is that satisfactory?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, in reply
to some objections of the gentleman from
Massachusetts urged against this bill I have to
say that the city of Washington has not the
population or business sufficient to sustain a
corporation limited to the mere business of a
savings-bank. A city with a floating or tem-
porary population of fifteen or twenty thou-
sand, and a permanent population of perhaps
twice that number, can hardly expect to sup-
port a purely savings-bank. Consequently it
is found necessary to couple with it some other
business. The Safe-Deposit Company, which
has been in operation long enough to give evi-
dence of its utility, practicability, and neces-
sity, propose to extend the powers of the com-
pany under the provisions of this bill. There
are no better business men, perhaps, in the
city of Washington than those who have organ-
ized this Safe-Deposit Company. They are now
carrying it on; but with the best business abil-
ity brought to bear upon its prosecution they
have only been able to make it pay current
expenses.
Now, what is the length and breadth of this
proposition? This company propose to receive
on deposit such sums of money as people see
fit to deposit with it, and on sums exceeding
five dollars, if remaining a definite time, they
propose to pay a certain rate of interest. They
propose, in addition to that, to act as agent for
parties who have estates to settle or who have
real estate that they wish to sell. In other
words, they propose to constitute themselves
a general agent, under the authority of this bill,
to transact such business as any party may see
fit to put into their hands within the limitations
of the bill. If they have the power to settle
estates, and if they have power to insure a faith-
ful performance of the duties imposed upon
any trustee, what objection is there to that?
None that I can see. What objection is there
if any person owning an estate selects this
company as trustee, with specific directions, to
appropriate the rents and profits received from
that trust to certain specific purposes ? Suppose
within a month after the trust is assumed the
party directs this company to sell it, what need
is there of any proceeding in a court of equity
in such a ease as that? ISone whatever. The
party owning the property, personal or real,
puts it in the hands of this corporation to be
disposed of in accordance with tho directions
he shall give. In the disposition of property
belonging to minors or estates this company
will be subject to the orders and decrees of the
courts.
Mr. O'NEILL. I ask the gentleman whether
this bill proposes an extension of power in the
franchise conferred upon this company ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It does.
Mr. O'NEILL. I will then take occasion
to say, with the permission of the gentleman,
a very few words in regard to the result of
granting such powers in Pennsylvania to com-
panies of this kind. There is a number of
these companies that have been organized m
Philadelphia within a few years past, which
have had trust powers conferred upon them by
the Legislature at the suggestion of the courts,
and now many trust estates are being settled
by such companies, either on the application
of the parties themselves or upon the decisions
and adjudications of our courts, not only to
the great convenience of parties interested, but
insuring greater safety to them. I think t e
extension of this franchise to this company is
a most excellent idea, and I hope, from what 1
have known in my own experience ot the car-
rying on of such institutions> that this ftouse
will grant the extension. It is most assuredly
for the convenience of the people. 1 do not
see what liability there is of losses, and why
there is not sufficient responsibility for the
funds put in their possession in trust, ihe
power to control that trust is certainly with the
courts, and any wrong doing by this company,
just as I have seen it in my own State, would
subject it to a decision of the courts? and they
could be forced by the power ot the courts to
do what is right and proper, and in equity
toward the parties whose funds ha,ve been
placed with them in trust.
Mr. STEWART. Is the gentleman aware
that this bill allows this corporation to pur-
chase and sell real and personal estate?
Mr. O'NEILL. Yes, I am aware of that.
They can do it upon certain conditions.
Mr. STEWART. They can purchase and
sell any kind of real and personal estate, and
there is no condition whatever.
Mr. O'NEILL. It is not an absolute power.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir, absolute.
Mr. RANDALL. Will my colleague tell
me what act of the Pennsylvania Legislature
ever gave such powers as are provided for in
this bill ?
Mr. O'NEILL. I can tell my colleague
what acts of the Legislature of Pennsylvania
conferred such powers as these, and what
companies possess them. They are well known
to him. Our Philadelphia Saving Fund Com-
pany has all these powers.
Mr. RANDALL. That has been in exist-
ence ninety years, and is in existence without
any legislative enactment.
Mr. O'NEILL. It was chartered perhaps
eighty or ninety years ago ; butits powers and
franchises have from time to time been increased
by the Legislature of Pennsylvania, and there
are other companies.
Mr. RANDALL. They have no power to
buy and sell real estate except for the location
of their own place of business.
Mr. O'NEILL. I do not say they have. I
am speaking simply to the point of giving this
corporation power to receive funds upon trust;
and I know from actual experience in our own
State that such companies as this, witk such
powers, have done and are doing great good for
those whose funds are placed in their charge.
Mr. RANDALL. And some of them have
done great harm.
Mr. O'NEILL. Not one of them that I
know of.
Mr. RANDALL. One of them is before the
courts at this time.
Mr. O'NEILL.^ That is not the same kind
of company.^ It is a deposit company. The
power to which I am speaking now is the power
of acting as trustees. I know there have been
S0?Le worthless deposit companies.
Mr. RANDALL. There is everything em-
braced in this bill.
Mr. 0 NEILL. I am speaking only to this
one power to which, I understand, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwei.i.1
objects. All the leading safety-fund compa-
nies m Philadelphia have power to accept
lunds as trustees.
1 suS§est to the friends of
this bill that it be recommitted to the commit-
Wli uuthority to the committee to report
it back at any time, in order that it mav be
perfected. It is open to objections which it is
almost impossible to obviate in a discussion of
this sort. Those difficulties may be obviated
