4248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July
boarding-house was a ill-house of fame. It is,
it iTas ever been the practice of the assassins
of loyal men to assassinate the character of
their victims.
In regard to the arrest of these persons
charged with his murder it is possible that
some things may have been done that should
not have been ; but I have read, within a few
days, a letter signed by those prisoners held in
custody at Atlanta, saying that they have been
treated with the greatest kindness by the offi-
cers. That letter, signed by the men on trial,
is full, ample, complete, and it gives the lie to
all these charges of cruelty.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator fVom
Massachusetts if any complaint has been made
either to the General of the armies or to the
Secretary of War of the conduct of these sub-
altern officers in command there?
Mr. WILSON. I have not heard of any.
I do not know whether there have or have not
been complaints made.
Mr. DAVIS. Complaint was made to the
Secretary of War, and he sent a special mes-
senger there.
Mr. HOWE. When was that?
Mr. DAVIS. Soon after their confinement.
Mr. HOWE. How long since?
Mr. DAVIS. A eouple of weeks ago.
M . HOWE. And he sent a messenger there
to investigate the matter?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly he did. The father
of one of the young men came here from
Columbus and slated the facts.
Mr. WILSON. I remember that. The father
of one of thejoung men asserted that he was
not guilty, and that he was not treated as a
gentleman should be. The truth is that it was
an organized murder, in which several persons
were engaged. There is no question or doubt
about it at all. There is no doubt about his
being murdered ; there can be no doubt that
several men were present and participated in
the murder; there can be no doubt these
men were inspired by political hate, and that
they acted in concert. Some of these men
have been arrested, are now on trial before a
military commission at Atlanta, and it is no
matter of surprise that persons iu sympathy
with them should seek to defame the military
authorities and all those who would bring these
political assassins to justice. But I am anxious
for a vote, Mr. President, and will trespass no
longer upon the tim  of the Senate.
Mr. HAKLAN. I desire to say a few words
before the vote is taken on this bill. 1 am very
much surprised at the character of the argu-
ments that have been presented from the other
side of the Chamber m opposition to this bill.
I have listened here for many months to able
arguments from that side of the Chamber in
favor of the reduction of the standing Army
and its entire withdrawal from these States
South. It has been insisted upon by Senators
who have participated in the discussion to night,
that only a lew thousand men were needed, and
they merely to garrison the principal forts and
to hold in subjection the savages on the fron-
tier. This course of reasoning lias been urged
with such pertinacity, and facts in favor of it
have been presented with such clearness, that
I had become convinced that we had more
troops in the regular Army than were now
needed, and I was hoping that the time would
arrive previous to the adjournment of this ses-
sion of Congress when tne Army might safely
be reduced. In conversation with members
of the Committee 011 Military Affairs I learned
that it was their purpose to introduce a bill
to reduce the Army as soon as civil govern-
meats could be substituted in these States for
the provisional governments previously in ex-
istence.
That time has now arrived, six or seven of
these States having organized regular govern-
ments in harmony with the Constitution and
the laws of the United States, when it is no
longer necessary, as they think, to retain on
foot, so many regular troops, and they propose
consequently to reduce the Army between
twenty and thirty thousand; and so soon as
his proposition is introduced into the Seu-
ate^ every member of the Senate of opposing
polities that has spoken deprecates the reduc-
tion. They have denounced the presence of
the troops in those States as an organized des-
potism, a despotism that had grown too oner-
ous to be borne ; and when the majority of
the Chamber propose to withdraw the troops,
now that civil governments have been organ-
ized in harmony with the Constitution and the
laws, they denounce the withdrawal of the
troops. The honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin tells us that it is unsafe to withdraw the
regular Army.
It is known to everybody that if the regular
troops are withdrawn it will be necessary to
have arms in the hands of the militia for the
purpose of sustaining the civil officers. It fre-
quently happens in each and all of the States
that criminals organize in numbers too great
to be overcome by the civil officers, the officers
of the courts ; that they must occasionally be
sustained by a, posse or an armed body of men
in order to execute the process of the civil
tribunals. The chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, now that he is about to
reduce the Army and withdraw a large pro-
portion of the regular troopsfrom those States,
proposes to make it possible for the civil gov-
ernments to execute the civil process of the
civil tribunals in those States ; and that has
been assailed as a criminal proposition, as a
proposition to arm one political party against
another political party. After giving the bill
as careful a reading as I am capable of giving
it, I see nothing in it that tolerates such a sug-
gestion. The bill proposes to place these arms
iu tho control of the civil governments in those
States, and not under the control of any party.
They are to be delivered to the Governors
regularly elected by the people and inaugu-
rated, in the hands of the men who have be-
come by virtue of the voice of the people of
the States over which they preside the com-
manders-in-chief of their militia, the men who
arc intrusted with the execution of the State
laws. All that there is in that part of the bill
is to place a few thousand stand of arms in
the hands of the chief Executive of each one
of these Stntes, in order that a few men may
be armed to support the civil officers of the
State, to make it possible to execute civil pro-
cess, to overcome any small combination of
criminals who may have a purpose to interfere
with the private rights of citizens.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin de-
nounced the Army as a tyranny, as a despot-
ism, and cited cases of despotic conduct on
the part of officers, and in the same breath
told the Senate that he was in favor of con-
tinning those same troops in those States;
that it would be much safer to keep these des-
potisms organized in the midst of these people
that have been, if we may believe these Sena-
tors, ground to the earth by this despotic power.
I do not understand this kind of logic. It is
either wise or unwise to keep a standing army
in those States. We have been told during
this long session of Congress that it was unwise
by every member sitting on the opposite side
of the Chamber of opposing politics; it was
unnecessary; that they were not needed. Some
of us thought that possibly they might be neces-
sary until civil governments should be estab-
lished ; but those governments having been
established, we now acquiesce in the wisdom
of reducing the Army, withdrawing the regu-
lar troops, and permitting the civil govern-
ments to control their own local affairs; and in
order tin* they may be able to do this and sustain
themselves it is proposed to make a general
distribution of arms, to send a few thousand to
each owe of the States of the Onion, to place
them under the control of the chief Executive
of each State; and now that is denounced,
and each one of these ahleand learned Senators
has been attempting to convince the Senate
and the country that the majority in this Cham-
ber are more unwise in now acceding to their
proposition to reduce the Army than we here-
tofore have been in maintaining a small regu-
lar force in those States.
I do not undei-stand this kind of logic. It
is incomprehensible t.o me. I know it is the
privilege of the minority to criticise the policy
adopted by the majority of a deliberative body.
But it does seem to me that, they ought to study
a little consistency in presenting these criti-
cisms, and not,denounce to-day that which they
sustained and defended yesterday.
I am willing to vote to reduce the Army to
the smallest number which it is supposed will
be able to maintain the peace on the frontiers,
to garrison our principal forts on the two coasts,
and to permit each organized State in the
Union to control its own local affairs in its own
way. In order that this may be done it seems
to me that we ought to follow oat that policy
which has existed from the very beginning of
the Government, to make a distribution of
arms from year to year to the several States, to
be placed in the hands of their local militia, in
order that they may be able to enforce their
local laws.
It is said that some white people have been
disfranchised in the southern States, and that
some colored people have been permitted to
vote. Why, Mr. President, let us analyze that
proposition for a moment. In the first organ-
ization of civil government there Congress
provided that all loyal citizens of the proper
age and proper residence should be permitted
to vote, but so soon .as the State organization
was effected the power to control the elective
franchise was remitted to the States them-
selves, and Congress does not now claim the
right to control the elective franchise in South
Carolina more than in Iowa, in Georgia more
than in Wisconsin. They now have constitu-
tional State governments. They are organ-
ized, and adopting the theory of the Demo-
cratic party, that the people of each State have
the right to regulate the elective franchise for
themselves. Congress permits theirfundamental
law to go into effect. They provide in their
constitutions and in their local laws who shall
vote and who shall not vote, and Congress
acquiesce in it when adopted by the people of
South Carolina just as Congress acquiesces in
the same thing when .idopted by the people of
Wisconsin. If under the constitution of Wis-
consin certain white men are disfranchised
what right have I to complain? And some of
them are disfranchised in that State by local
law, as they are in mine and m every other State
in this Union. Persons who have been con-
victed of crimes, whether white or black, arc
disfranchised in tho most of the States. This
is done by virtue of the local laws, either the
fundamental law, or some statutory provis-
ion. If it is true that in South Carolina, or in
Alabama, or in Georgia, or any one of these
States, under the constitution of the State
which the people themselves have made, cer-
tain classes of white men are disfranchised,
what right have I to complain? Why should
the Senator from Wisconsin feel offended?
Have they not a right in those States to regu-
late their own local affairs in their own way ?
Is not that right as complete in those States as
iu the States North and Wrest? If they are
ever to be coequal members of this Union,
they must become so the very moment they are
entitled to full representation in both branches
ot Congress.
I repeat, then, Congress has never proposed
to stand as the guardian to the people of the
ates tluit are organized and living under
regular State governments. They have only
maintained the right to enable the people to
organize, and at the first election to be held
pursuant to this attempt to organize have indi-
cated who may vote. The people have held
that election, have organized, and under that
organization have made for themselves consti-
tutions, and are enacting State laws regulating
the elective franchise, as well as every other
subject of local interest to themselves; and
what right have ws to complain if they do enact
