142
SUPPLEMENT TO
time, up to the 18th clay of February had you
done anything in your office as adjutant gen-
eral of the Army, not acting inspector general?
Ansieer. T( was in the Adjutant General's
office—I have got the date here, if you will let
me refer to it 
Mr. STANBERY. Certainly; refer to your
papers.
The Witness, (producing papers.) These
are my original instructions to go down on the
Mississippi river.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not care for
the precise date. Can you not tell me the
month ?
Answer. I would rather give you the precise
date. I have it—the 25th day of March, 1863.
Question. From that time until the 13th of
February, 186S, have you ever conducted the
business of the Adjutant General's office?
Answer. The 14th was the date.
Question. Up to the 18th will do for mo?
Ansieer. No, sir.
Question. Have you always been sent upon
outside inspecting duty ?
Answer. Yes.
Question. Had you been recommended by
Mr. Stanton to be retired ?
Answer. That T cannot say. I was recom-
mended by General.Grant to be retired, and
that communication went to Mr. Stanton, and
Mr. Stanton took it to the President, as I under-
stood. What he said to the President I do not
know.
Question. The President overrnled General
Grant's recommendation for your retiracy?
Answer. The President did not set me aside.
Question. He overruled that recommenda-
tion, did he not? He did not have you retired
in pursuance of that recommendation, did he ?
Answer. lie did not.
Question. Did you over ask Mr. Stanton to
restore you to office?
Answer. No ; I did not.
Question. If there was a kindly feeling with
him all the time he was a friend of yours, and
you would not harm a hair of his head, cer-
tainly not'kick him, why did you not ask him. ?
Answer. I knew perfectly well that the ser-
vices, especially this one that I referred to,
were vox-y important,,and I knew lie said him-
self that I was the only one who could do the
work, and therefore ho sent me.
Question. But while you knew the service
you were sent on was so important, and you
were the only man to do it, you did ask John-
son, and why did you not ask Stanton, to re-
store you ?
Atismcr. I did not suppose he wanted me in
the office, though there was no unkind feeling.
Question. Only he did not want you there?
Answer. I do not suppose ho did.
Question. It was perfectly kindly, except
that he did not want you about?
Answer. I suppose so. I was in the habit
of going to his office whenever 1 was here; I
did it many a time, and he has asked me to do
certain things in his office there.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. You have an-
swered all. Now, General Thomas, when did
you first receive the intimation from the Pres-
ident that you were to be made Secretary of
War?
Answer, The President sent for mo on the
18th of February.
Question. Three days before you got the
order, was it?
Aniwer. Yes, sir.
Question. Have you ever stated that you had
an intimation that you would be appointed
Secretary of War earlier than that?
Answer. I must now refer to a paper which
I suppose you have. When I was asked before
one of the committees when I first got an inti-
mation I supposed they were referring to my
going in the Adjutant General's office, but I
never had an intimation before the 18th of
February that the President had any idea of
making me Secretary of War.
Question. Now, if you will pay attention to
my question, General Thomas, and answer it
you will oblige me. My question was, whether
you ever stated to anybody that you got such
an intimation before that time?
Answer. Not to my knowledge, unless it was
before that committee, as I tell you, the two
things were mixed up.
Question. Did you not swear that before the
committee?
Answer. I afterward made a correction on
that paper.
Question. Excuse me; I did not ask you
what corrections you made; I asked you what
you swore to ?
Answer. I swore that I had received an inti-
mation, but I found that it was not so, and I
had a right to correct my testimony.
Question. You were asked, then, before the
committee, not the Managers ?
Answer. Iam not speaking of the Managers,
but of the committee.
Question. You were asked before a commit-
tee of the House when you received the first
intimation. How early did you swear that to
be, whether it was by mistake or otherwise?
Answer. The intimation that I received that
I would probably be put in the Adjutant Gen-
eral's office must have been made some two
weeks before the occurrence, perhaps.
Question. I ask now, and I want you again
to pay attention to my question 
Answer. I know your question.
Question. How early did you swear that you
received an intimation that you would be made
Secretary of War?
Answer. I should like to divide those two-
things. I told you that I corrected my evi-
dence.
Question. I am dividing them; now I am
getting to what you swore to first; by and by
I will come to the correction, perhaps. I have
divided them. Now answer my question: what
did yon swear to first before you took advice?
Mr. STANBERY. " Took advice 1" Mon-
strous !
The Witness. I swore that I received an
intimation—I think an intimation from Colonel
Moore.
Question. I did not ask you who you re-
ceived it from ; I asked the time when ?
Answer. I cannot tell the time; I do not
know it.
Question. What time did you swear it was?
Answer. I say I do not know; I suppose
two or three weeks : I cannot say.
Question. Did you receive it from Colonel
Moore, the Military Secretary ?
Answer. Receive what?
Question. The intimation that you were to
be made Secretary of War?
Answer. No.
Question. Did you so testify?
Answer. I suppose not, because I tell you
the two cases were in ray mind. I think 1
have answered it distinctly enough. The hon-
oiable Manager is trying to mix two things,
when I am trying to separate them.
Question. Now, sir, did you not know or
believe you were to be made Secretary of War
before you received that order of the 21st of
February ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did you not believe you were ?
Answer. The 18th, I said.
Question. Now listen to the question and
answer it. That will be better. I ask you if
you did not know you were to be made Secre-
tary of War before you received that order of
the 21st—know or believe?
Answer. " Know " positive, no.
Question. Did you not believe you were to
be?
Answer. I thought I would be, because it
had been intimated to me.
Question. Intimated to you by the President
himself?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. DicUyou tell him whether you
would be glad to take the office?
Answer. I told him I would take it; I would
obey his orders.
Question. What made you tell him that you
would obey his orders?
Answer. Because he was my Commander-in-
Chief.
Question. Why was it necessary to tell him
you would obey his orders ?
Answer. I do not know that there was any
particular necessity in it.
Question. Why should you say to him, when
he asked you to be Secretary of War, that you
would, and would obey his orders?
Answer. Certainly, as Secretary of War.
Question. Why did you feel it necessary in
your own mind to say that you would obey his
orders ?
Answer. I do not know that it was particu-
larly necessary.
Question. Why did you do it ?
Answer. It was a very natural reply to make.
Question. Tell me any other time, when you
were appointed to an office, that you told the
appointing power you would obey the orders ?
Mr. EVARTS. It does not appear he was
appointed at any other time.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Does it not ? [To
the witness.] Have you not been appointed
adjutant general ?
Answer. Certainly ; I am adjutant general.
Question. At any other time, when yon were
appointed to office, tell me whom you told that
you would obey the orders ?
Answer. I do not know that I told any one.
The other appointments I got in the ordinary
course.
Question. Then this was an extraordinary
appointment?
Answer. Certainly it was; I never had one
of that kind before. [Laughter.]
Question. And so extraordinary that you
thought it necessary to tell the President be-
fore you got it that if he would give it to you
you would obey his orders?
Answer. I did not say any such thing.
Question. You did so tell him?
Answer. I did tell him so.
Question. And you thought it was proper so
to tell him?
Answer. • Certainly.
Question. What orders did you expect to
receive that you found it necessary to tell him
you would obey them?
Answer. I did not know that I was to expect
to receive any particular order.
Question. Then, before you got the appoint-
ment you told him you would obey the order.
This was on the 18th?
Answer. Yes.
Question. You got a note from Colonel
Moore to go to the President's, you say, on the
21st?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Were you sent for on,thc 18th?
Answer. Yes.
Question. Sent for by Colonel Moore?
Answer, Yes, sir.
Question. And you went up there?
Answer. Yes.
Question. And the President told you he
thought of making you Secretary of War?
Answer. Yes.
Question. And you told him you would be
very glad to be made Secretary of War, and
would obey his orders?
A nswer. I did not say I would be very glad.
Question. That you would accept it?
Answer. The President said that he thought
of making me Secretary of War, but that ho
would consider of the matter.
Question. And you answered to that that you
would accept it and obey his orders, did you ?
Answer. The time that I said I would obey
his orders was when I got the appointment.
Question. Oh! that was the time?
Answer. The other was an intimation from
him.
Question. You said this about obeying his
orders at the time you got the appointment?
Answer. Yes.
Question. What did you say on the 18th,
when the President said he thought of making
you Secretary of War?
Ansioer. He did not say positively he was
going to make me so.
