1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8225
if the bill be recommitted, and, if it is in order,
I will make that motion.
Mr. BLAINE. What is it?
Mr. PRUYN. That the bill be recommitted
to the Committee for the District of Columbia,
with power to report it at any time.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
is in order if thegentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Inoersoll] yields the floor for that purpose,
but the power to report at any time requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois yield the floor to enable the gentleman
from New York to move to recommit the bill?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir, I do not. It
would have been well, perhaps, had this bill
been printed, for I see that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] is under
great misapprehension in regard to the pro-
visions of this bill, especially in regard to the
thirdsection. Thatsection doesnotprovide that
this company shall have uncontrolled authority
to dispose of any estate, personal or real, held
in trust by it; there is no such authority con-
ferred. They have authority to hold estates and
settle them, to collect indebtedness to estates,
to hold and dispose of real property; but it is
subject to the decree of the court having juris-
diction of the estate, and which puts the estate
within the control of the company. It is regu-
lated by the decree of the court; otherwise
this company never can act as trustee of any
funds belonging to estates. Am I not right in
that?
Mr. BOUTWELL. They can of individual
funds.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What objection is there
to that ? I have spoken of what are the rights
of this company, so far as concerns estates
belonging to minors and others. But an indi-
vidual, having the absolute right to dispose of
his own property as he sees proper, puts his
property, real and personal, in the hands of the
company to dispose of for him, according to
such terms as he may dictate. Is there any-
thing objectionable in that? This company has
no more right to touch the estate of any minor
or any ward, or to touch any trust fund what-
ever, without a decree of the court first made
conferring that authority, than I have. There-
fore 1 do not see that there can be any valid
objection to the powers conferred by this sec-
tion.
Mr. PRUYN. There is nothing in this third
section about a decree of a court.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will thegentleman tell
me how this company can get the legal control
of the estate of any minor or person of full
age, or of any estate whatever, without the
authority of a court?
Mr. PRUYN. I have just read that section.
If I understand it at all, and can comprehend
what it means, it confers a general authority
to deal in real and personal estate. Now, I hold
that that business ought not to be connected
with the business of a savings-bank; the two
things are not compatible with each other, and
ought not to go together. There is no refer-
ence whatever to any court; there is no refer-
ence to any judicial order being requisite for
the acceptance of this trust.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have not said other-
wise. But I have said that it is not possible
for any corporation or person to assume the
legal control of any estate, trust fund, or trust
property, without the sanction of a court. I
deny that the third section confers the right
upon this company to deal generally in buying
anil selling real estate.
Mr. PRUYN. Will the gentleman agree to
have this bill amended so that this company
shall only hold such property as maybe placed
under their control by the order of some court
of competent jurisdiction?
Mr. INGERSOLL. So far as relates to any
estates of minors, &c., I will.
Mr. PRUYN. To everything.
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir. What do I
need of an order fro m a court if I wish to select
this company to sell real estate for me?
Mr. PRUYN. I do not want this company
to do any business of the kind.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I may want it, and I
would prefer this corporation to a land agent.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Why is a corporation
needed to buy and sell land and other property
unless it is to get rid of all liabilities so as to
pocket the profits ? What security is there for
a corporation to deal in lands and chattels?
Mr. INGERSOLL. None whatever, and
there is no such authority conferred in this
bill. I will offer an amendment to the third
section which may obviate some of the objec-
tions urged against it. I move to amend the
third section by adding to it the following:
Provided, That all deposits received and appropri-
ated in conformity with this act, and all business
transacted in relation thereto, shall be separate and
distinct, and in no way connected with deposits made
for safe-keeping and business transacted in relation
thereto, as provided in the act to which this is a
supplement.
Mr. PRUYN. Of course they will do that
without any such authority.
Mr. POMEROY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will.
. Mr. POMEROY. If I understand this bill
correctly, there is now in existence in this city
a safe-deposit company, with a charter giving
it powers as such. The first and second sec-
tions of this bill, if I understand them cor-
rectly, give them the power of a savings-bank.
The third section gives them the powers of a
trust company. So that if the bill becomes
law you will have a safe-deposit company in
the city of Washington with full powers as a
safe-deposit company, with full powers as a
savings-bank, and with full powers as a trust
company. Now, sir, I wish to ask the gentleman
whether he believes it safe in any particular
instance or as a rule to be generally applied to
the conduct of these businesses throughout the
United States to intrust any company with the
exercise of corporate powers as dissimilar as
are necessary for the management of such a
company?
Mr. INGERSOLL. If that is the question,
I am ready to answer it.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the question. Is
it safe that three classes of business, entirely
separate and distinct, should be included under
one charter and exercised by one direction?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
wish to reply to that. If thS Congress of the
United States were in session in the city of
New York or Philadelphia or Boston or
Chicago or St. Louis or Cincinnati, and had
exclusive jurisdiction with regard to all legis-
lative powers therein, I should answer thegen-
tleman like this : as any one of the various busi-
nesses to which he lias referred would afford,
properly conducted, legitimate profits to any
well-conducted company, I would separate
them. I would not allow them to be consoli-
dated so far as my vote was concerned. But
if I were asked to give the safe-deposit company
of some little village in addition the powers of
a savings-bank, and of a general trust com-
pany, if you please, I should say 1 would,
because the exercise of those powers in a vil-
lage of two or three or five thousand inhabit-
ants would not endanger the interests of the
country or the rights ot' parties with whom this
institution should do business. Now, in the
| city of Washington it has been tried and
: proved that a safe-deposit company, no matter
! how well managed, is not a paying business.
Such men as Jay Cooke and others organ-
ized this Safe-Deposit Company nearly two
years ago. They have conducted it well thus
far, but it barely pays expenses. They have
put up a first-class building, and put in it as
good safes as are in the country. It is well
regulated in every regard. That is its charac-
ter. But, sir, it does not pay. They have
lost money. It does not pay any profit. I
know something about it, and I say that it has
not been remunerative.
A Member. I suppose the gentleman will
not cut off debate.
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir. You shall
all be heard. There is plenty of time. There
is no limit to-day, as there was yesterday.
Mr. Speaker, these men, after having faith-
fully tried to sustain themselves under their
present charter, find that it cannot be done.
There is, so far as I know, no savings-bank
in this city. It is not believed that a mere
savings-bank will be remunerative. These
men, believing they have facilities, capacity,
and the necessary qualifications all round, ask
Congress to allow them to incorporate that
business into the one they are already pros-
ecuting. In addition, they have asked Con-
gress to allow them to do business as the
agent of any party who may select them. If
you do not want to trust them you need not
employ them. If you think you can find a
better trustee you can employ him; there is
no compulsion. That is all of that. If Con-
gress does not think it compatible with indi-
vidual rights to grant these powers to this cor-
poration then vote them down. But I assure
gentlemen that these men associated in this bill
are men of integrity and well qualified to dis-
charge these various powers under the authority
of this bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to take a vote on
the proposition whether the powers of a sav-
ings institution shall be added to those of a
safe-deposit company. I therefore demand
the previous question.
Mr. CHANLER. I understand the gen-
tleman to say there is no savings-bank in this
city. I do not wish to contradict him, but I
am .under the impression that there is one
advertised as the Freedmen's Saving and Trust
Company.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman has,
perhaps, given the Freedmen's Bureau more
care and attention than I have.
Mr. CHANLER. No, sir; I am not more
familiar with that institution than he is, but I
do not want the gentleman to mislead the
House. I want him to stick to the facts.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the gentleman has
found out the fact which he states, I was not
aware of it.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman is chair-
man of the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, and professes to know something about
the affairs of the capital, and he makes the posi-
tive statement, as I understand, that there is no
savings-bank in the city of Washington, and
upon that he bases his argument in favor of a
provision in this bill. I wish to know whether
I have misapprehended him in his statement.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not know upon
what authority the gentleman makes this state'
ment, but I am willing to believe what he states
if he is.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman says he
does not know that there is such an institution.
Now, I ask him if he did not vote for the
passage of just snch a bill as this through this
House, reported by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Baldwin.] And I would like
to know if there is not such an institution in
this city at this time. I do not think it is fair
to induce members to vote for a banking insti-
tution like this under the plea that no insti-
tution for savings alone can be supported in
this city, when there is such a savings institu-
tion now in existence.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I yield to the gentle-
man fiom New York, [Mr. Prcyx,] who wishes
to offer an amendment.
Mr. PRUYN. For the purpose of recon-
ciling conflicting views as to the third section,
I propose to strike it out and offer the follow-
ing as a substitute:
That the said company may execute any trust as
to real or personal estate which may be agreed upon
according to law or which may be authorized by any
court of competent jurisdiction, and on such terms
and in such manner as such court may from time to
time order and direct.
I will explain the amendment in a word. It
authorizes any individual to jnake any legal
agreement with this company in regard to any
trust as to real or personal estate under aatnor-
ity of kw, and also authorizes the company to
execute any trust as to r«al or personal estate
