1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have actually less than the average basis of
representation in the State—less than 1,658
voters each; and eighteen of them have a little
more than that; and when youlook at the twenty-
four largo counties which have respectively two,
three, or five representatives you discover that
exactly the same thing is true of them as of
the thirty-five small counties; that some of
them have a slightly smaller number of regis-
tered voters than the average basis of repre-
sentation in the State, while some of them
have a slightly larger number. Now, take,
for example, the county of Tuscaloosa, which
has but two representatives in the Legislature.
Its registered voters number 3,3'JO; whereas
twice the average basis of representation would
only be 8,310. This county, therefore, instead
of having excessive representation, has less
than the average of the State ; and yet Tusca-
loosa is one of the twenty-four counties alleged
to have more than their just political power.
The same is true of the county of ilussell. It
has a population of 3.551, and it has only two
representatives, though twice the average basis
of representation would be 3,316. This county,
therefore, has less than its due proportion of
political power in that State. The same is
true of the counties of Lee, Hale, and Greene.
But, sir, I will not go through with all these
counties in detail. I turn to the counties that
have three representatives each. Three times
1,G58 votes, the basis of representation, would,
be 4,974. Barbour has 5,123 registered voters,
being more than enough for three representa-
tives. Bullock has 4,482, a little less. Lowndes
has 4,654, and Madison 4,770, each a little less;
while Marengo has only three representatives,
and yet has 5,168 registered voters; and Perry,
with only three representatives, has 5,359 regis-
tered voters. So it is with the counties that have
five representatives, Dallas, Mobile, and Mont-
gomery. Every one of these counties has more
voters for each representative than form the
average basis of representation for the State.
It would be impossible, Mr. Speaker, to
apportion this representation upon any plan
fairer than that on which representatives are
distributed among these counties. You can
not certainly deprive the small counties of their
single representatives; you cannot make the
registration or population of all the small
counties equal. The consequcncc is, that some
are below and others above the basis fixed
for representation. The counties entitled to
more than one representative of course could
not have, without a miracle, the precise number
of population, which would entitle them to
any particular number of representatives ; and
very properly the convention of Alabama
undertook to make the division in the most
equitable manner possible under the circum-
stances of the case. And, sir, I defy the inge-
nuity of any member upon this floor to take
the tables of registered voters or the population
tables given by gentlemen on the other side,
and make a fairer apportionment than that
made by this convention for the State of Ala-
bama.
If you consider the population of these coun-
ties, as stated by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] and the gentleman from Indiana, i
[Mr. Kerr,] you arrive at the following re-
sults. They make the total population of Ala-
bama 972,158. This, divided by one hundred,
the number of representatives, gives a basis
of 9,721. Now, while it is true that these
thirty-five counties have, on an average, a
basis of 11,184, yet, if you give them each an
additional representative the average basis
wotfld be only 5,592 ; and if you deprive each
of the twenty-four large counties of one rep-
resentative, the average basis in those twenty-
four counties will be 14,163. This would re-
sult in a great wrong in either case. And if
you give one additional representative to each
of the small counties you will give two repre-
sentatives each to seventeen counties which
have not registered voters enough for one, and
you will give two representatives to sixteen
other counties whose number of registered
voters comes nearer to the basis for one rep-
resentative than for two. On the other hand,
if you reduce the representation of the large
counties by one member for each county you
will reduce a representation already less in
nearly every ease than that to which the num-
ber of their registered voters would entitle
them.
I say to the gentlemen on the other side of
the House, and I say to my friends on this side
of the House, after a most careful scrutiny of
this constitution and this table of registered
voters, that I can see no reason to complain
of any unfairness on the part of this constitu-
tional convention; but I can, on the contrary,
see every reason to applaud the exceeding
great care they have taken to give every county
in the State a fair representation. It will be
impossible for gentlemen to go through with
the whole State and make any more equitable
distribution of political power.
But it is further objected that many of the
members of this convention were candidates
for State or county offices at the first election
under this constitution. Well, sir, if they have
erred in this matter they have erred following
great and well-known examples—-the examples
of the illustrious founders and fathers of the
Republic themselves. If this is an unpardon-
able offense, a disgrace to be punished by the
rejection of the Alabama constitution, what
shall we do to efface the stain from our own
Federal Constitution and from the good name
of its honored framers? George Washington
was the President of the Convention which
framed the Constitution of the United States,
and he was the first President of the United
States under the Constitution which that Con-
vention framed. John Langdon and Nicholas
Gilman represented New Hampshire in that
Convention and the former was a Senator and
the latter a Representative m the First Congress
of the United States. William S. Johnson and
Roger Sherman represented Connecticut m
that Convention, and the former was a Senator
and the latter a Representative in the First Con-
gress. Alexander Hamilton alone represented
New York, and he was our first Secietary of
the Treasury. John Blair and James Madison
represented Virginia. The former was one of
the first justices of our Supreme Court and the
latter was a Representative in the First Con-
gress. William Few and Abraham Baldwin
represented Georgia, and were members of the
First Congress. Robert Morris and George
Clymer of Pennsylvania, George Read and
Richard Barrett of Delaware, W llliam Patter-
son of New Jersey, and Daniel Carroll of
Maryland were delegates in the Convention
and members of the First Congress. John Rut-
ledge, of South Carolina, was a member of the
Convention and was one of the first associate
justices of our Supreme Court. These names
occur to me. Doubtless an examination of
the records would show that many others of
these great men held office under the Govern-
ment at its first organization. And who shall
say that they impaired the value of their work
or disgraced themselves by doing so? Who
shall say that the constitution of Alabama is
any the worse, or the State an)' the worse, or
the framers of her constitution any the worse
because members of the convention were es-
teemed worthy and were willing to hold office
under that constitution?
Another objection made by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Ivbeii] to this constitution
is that it exempts from execution property of
the value of S3,000 for the benefit of the poor
men of that State. It is supposed that the col
oredmenwilibc the poor men, worth always less
than three thousand dollars, and so this pro-
vision is virtually an odious discrimination in
favor of the poor blacks against the rich whites.
Well, sir, I am not so very sure that every
white man in Alabama is worth $3,000, or even
three thousand cents; and, now that labor owns
itself, I ara not confident that the whites are
to engross the wealth of that region of coun-
try. This constitution, however, exempts only
$1,000 in personal property, and it exempts
real estate not exceeding iu value $2,000. I
see nothing very remarkable in the constitution
so far as this exemption is concerned. If the.
gentleman complains that these exemptions
are extravagant, I do not know what he would
say if he should go to my own State and find
there no limit in value to the exemption of real
estate—no limit except as to quantity. I think
the Alabama exemptions wisely provided. I
certainly see nothing in them so atrocious as to
justify us in excluding the State from repre-
sentation in this House.
Gentlemen tell us that by accepting this con-
stitution and admitting Alabama to represent-
ation under it we shall impose upon the people
of that State a test-oath which is too infamous
to be imposed by this Congress or any other
authority upon any people? What is this test-
oath? I will read it:
Not to attempt to deprive any person or persons,
on account of race, color, or previous condition, of
any political or civil right, privilege, or immunity
enjoyed by any other class or men.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
stated the other day that not over twelve thou-
sand white people were excluded from regis-
tration by our reconstruction acts. He might
have said that not over five thousand white peo-
ple were so excluded. And it is possibly true, as
some of the members of our committee believe,
that even one thousand would be the maxi-
mum of white men who were in fact excluded.
The gentleman from Kentucky has further
admitted, nay, he has asserted in the presence
of this House, that a majority of the white
registered voters of Alabama were rebels dur-
ing the war. I have no doubt that this is true.
And now we are assailed by gentlemen as if
guilty of the most outrageous tyranny because
we require these men who were rebels during
the war to swear that they "will not attempt
to deprive any person or persons, on account
of race, color, or previous condition, of any
political or civil right, privilege, or immunity
enjoyed by any other class of men." The gen-
tlemen from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] in speak-
ing on this subject, declared :
" It is the very essence oftyranny, the very climax
of despotism, to require a man to take an oath, as a
condition-precedent to the exercise of any political
rights or privileges, thathewill never, in any emer-
gency, no matter how urgent, do what, in his judg-
ment, not only patriotism, but the verv existence of
republican liberty and free institutions may require,
to wit, deprive all or certain classes of the negro pop-
ulation of the State of political rights and privileges.
"He may bewillingnow to make the experiment of
negrosuffrage.ifyou please; but to require him in ail
time to swear that he will maintain and defend it,
even though it may beapparent to him and to all tho
world that it is a failure, is to degrade and disgrace
him, and make him swear in advance that he consents
to his own degiadation."
And the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Boyer] said:
"But there is one feature in thatinstrument so es-
pecially monstrous that I cannot forbear its mention.
It disfranchises all citizens who will not &wear eter-
nal fidelity to negro equality. The fourth section of
article seven provides as follows:
"'That I accept the civil and political equality of
all men, and agree not to attempt to deprive any
person or persons, on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition, of any political or civil right, privi-
lege, or immunity enjoyed by any other class of
moii."'
""Was there ever so shameless a law to fetter free
thought and the utterance of honest convictions?
And this is in. tho name of republican government!"
Why, sir, of whom do they speak when they
utter these words? Of these very white men
of whom my friend lias asserted that a major-
ity were rebels during the war. Now we con-
sent that they shall be enfranchised and regis-
tered themselves. We permit them to vote,
wo allow them to exercise full political power
in that State. But when wc require that as a
condition of the enjoyment of those privileges
they shall declare nnder oath that they will not
hereafter attempt to deprive the loyal men of
tho South who happen to he black of their po-
litical rights they upbraid us as perpetrators of
an atrocious wrong upon these enfranchised
rebels.
Sir, I can look upon this in no such light I
think it is a favor to those white men who were
traitors during the war that we allow them to
partake of political power at all. 1 donot be-
lieve that we are bound in justice to do it under
