2202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
our Constitution. I think it would be right
for us, if we deemed it expedient, to withhold
absolutely from them all political power. Nay,
sir, I am not sure that it was not our duty to
deprive some of the leaders of their lives and to
consign more to perpetual exile. Certainly lean
see no reason, I can see no justice, I can see no
propriety in the course of any man who stands
up on this floor and charges us with wrong be-
cause we say that those men who were, as my
friend admits, rebels during the war shall not
exercise political power which we have a right
absolutely to withhold from them, unless they
will' swear not to wrest it from those men who
were loyal during the war and to whom we are
in justice and honor bound to extend and per-
petuate these rights.
Again, sir, our friends on the other side of
the House denounce most bitterly the declara-
tion of rights contained in the second section
of the first article of the constitution. They
denounce it as an intolerable outrage upon
these penitent rebels whom we generously and
graciously permit to vote under our reconstruc-
tion acts. They denounce it as galling tyranny
over these white men who have so earnestly
striven to overthrow our Republic—who are
conquered, but, I fear, none the less hostile to
their country. What is the language of this
detestable declaration of rights ? Here it is :
, Sec. 2. That all personsresident in this State, born
m the United States or naturalized, or who shall
nave legally declared thoir intention to beoome eiti-
aons of tho United States, are hereby declared citi-
zens of tho State of Alabama, possessing equal civil
and political rights and public privileges.
I am amazed that such a complaint should
be made in this presence. What? is it oppress-
ive to these white men who are punishable
with the doom of the basest traitors to give the
loyal men of the South who happen to be black
equal civil and political rights and public priv-
ileges ? Instead of thanking us because we give
them back their rights which they have forfeited,
do they curse us because we extend them to
loyal men who never forfeited them ? Do they
suppose thatall distinctions between loyalty and
treason have so soon disappeared in the quick-
sands of our consciences? It was simply a
question of policy, of expediency, whether we
would or would not give these privileges to white
traitors. But, sir, it was not merely a question
of policy whether we should give them to the
loyal blacksj it was a solemn duty which we
could not evade without such national disgrace
as tho penitential tears of ages could not wash
out. We enfranchised the white rebels. They
ought to be thankful for it. Their champions
on this floor ought to thank us for our unspeak-
able—perhaps, also, unwise—magnanimity to-
ward their friends. And yet they sting the
hand that blesses them, and accepting our ben-
efactions as absolute debts they upbraid us
because we remove their heels from the necks
of the loyal men whom they have so long op-
pressed. There is a cruel forgetfulness of all
distinctions between treason and loyalty in this
objection to our bill which shocks me. And
I am the more pained because I see gentlemen
on this side of the House lending an altogether
too willing ear to this monstrous doctrine.
Sir, we have no right to accept this constitu-
tion without such a provision. Instead of being
an objection it should be a sine qua noil to the
reconstruction of the State.
_ But gentlemen complain that this constitu-
tion was framed by a convention some of the
members of which were not born upon the
soil of Alabama. I admit that. The gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] proved this
by a table which he read from the Selma (Ala-
bama) Times and Messenger of February 28,
18G8, a table copied into that journal from the
New York World. This is far enough from
being official authority, and yet, for the sake
of argument, I admit that several of these
delegates were not natives of Alabama.
But, sir. there is no atrocity, no enormity in
this. There is nothing startlingor shocking or
disgusting in this; no reason for sneering or
groaning at foreigners or adventurers or Yan-
kees, This will afford us no pretext, no excuse,
for rejecting the application of the people of
the State for admission under this constitution.
Why, sir, on this floor to-day theie is not a sin-
gle member from my own State who was born
in Wisconsin, nor is there a Wisconsin Senator
in the other end of tho Capitol who is a native
of that State. In our State Legislature, which
has just adjourned, there was not one senator
who was born within our State; there was but
a single representative who was a native of our
soil.
The State of Alabama was originally admit-
ted to the Union in 1819 and the State of
Indiana in 1816. More than half of the Rep-
resentatives from the State of Indiana in this
Capitol to-day were born elsewhere than on the
soil of that State, although Indiana was admit-
ted into the Federal Union before Alabama
was ever admitted. The State of Illinois was
admitted into the Union in 1818, and before
the State of Alabama. There are sixteen Sen-
ators and Representatives in this Capitol from
that State, and of that entire number only four
were born on the soil of Illinois. Why, sir,
almost as many of them were born in the State
so honorably represented by my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] as were born in Illi-
nois. Three were born in Kentucky and only
four in Illinois. The State of New J ersey, one
of the original thirteen, has more foreign-born
than native-born Representatives upon this
Boor to-day; of the five Representatives of that
State only two were born within her borders.
When my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
was hurling his execrations against this con-
vention and its work because some of its mem-
bers were not natives of Alabama, his voice,
though powerful and eloquent, was marked
by a foreign accent so strong that I could not
escape the conviction that he himself was not
a native of Kentucky; and although I do not
know where was tho place of his nativity, I
venture to express the belief that the gentle-
man who so ably represents the State of Ken-
tucky on this floor, and who uttered these
maledictions against the Alabama convention,
was not born himself on the soil of the State
which he represents; nay, not even born on the
soil of this continent. I venture to say that to-
day an ocean rolls between him and the island
of his nativity. But, sir, the people of Ken-
tucky have sent to ns a representative man,
whom 1 am happy to Ik: able to call my personal
friend and to meet on this floor—a gentleman
who is none the less welcome because he is,
if he is, foreign born. But, sir, it is not for
him, as it certainly is not for any other man on
this floor, to upbraid those citizens of the Re-
public, whether natives or foreign born, who
framed this constitution for Alabama because
some of them wore not born within her borders.
Nor is the other gentleman who signed this
minority report, and who represents so ably the
city of New York, [Mr. Brooks,] if I am cor-
rectly informed, a native of the State he rep-
resents ; and I know that the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kerb,] who has just addressed
the House, was not born in the State which he
represents with so much credit on this floor.
And, sir, if you will look into our directory,
you will find that only a little more than half
the members of this House were born in the
States which sent them hither. Why, then
add this frivolous complaint to the burden of
execration heaped upon the framers of this
constitution ?
Again, we are reminded that of the members
of this convention sixteen were blacks. Well
that is true. In a convention numbering over
one _ hundred sixteen were actually blacks.
But it must be remembered that the number of
registered black voters was 93,548, while the
number of registered white voters was 72,746.
If, under that registration, one third or even one
half the members of the convention had been
blacks there would have been no injusticedone
to the whites. I think they were exceedingly
modest in only requiring that sixteen outof
the one hundred should be of their own race
and color. I think that, instead of reproach*
rag them for sending so many, we ought rather
to commend them for that spirit of self-sairi-
fice which prompted them to send so few.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
assures us that the whole proceedings of the
convention are so infamous that thirteen of the
members of the convention presented their pro-
test and refused to sign the constitution, and
among the extracts from that protest he read
the following:
" Tho constitution provides a mode for its amend-
ment,but each elector must swear that he will never
seek to exorcise thateonstitutionalright in a certain
direction.
"The evils of universal suffrage may become in-
tolerable, but hemustswearthathewill ondurethem
without even a peaceful and constitutional effort at
amelioration."
And this is the main point in the protest.
This is the burden of the grievances inflicted
by the constitution. Here is the height and
depth, the length and breadth of the infamy
of these proceedings, which my friend says was
sufficient to prompt this protest. I think this
was no infamy. 1 think it was honorable and
honest and just. If I had been a member of
that convention I should have esteemed the
places of these protestants more valuable than
their company. It was, in my judgment, not
the constitution but the protest that was infa-
mous.
The gravest objection to this measure seems
to be this: that we have pledged the faith of
this nation to these white men of the South,
to these men who, as is admitted, were chiefly
traitors during the war, whether now friendly
or hostile to the Union; that we have pledged
the faith of this nation to them, by our act of
18C7, that they should be permitted, if they
saw fit, to defeat this constitution by effectu-
ating such a result of the election that either
the constitution should not receive a majority
of the votes polled or a majority of the regis-
tered voters should neglect or refuse to vote.
They say we made this solemn pledge to these
white people of the State of Alabama; that we
gave them tho privilege of defeating the consti-
tution, either by going to the polls and voting
against it so as to cast a majority of hostile
votes, or by absenting themselves from the
polls so that a majority of the registered voters
might not vote at all. They say we made this
solemn pledge to them by the passage of the
reconstruction act; that these white people of
Alabama have availed themselves of it, have
seen fit to stay away from the polls, and there-
by defeated the constitution which would have
been adopted if they had actually voted " no."
that we gave them the power and the right to
accomplish, by absenting themselves from the
polls, that which they could not have accom-
plished if they had gone to the polls and voted
against the constitution. They say that, having
made this pledge to these people, we have no
right now to withdraw it; that to do so would
oe^a breach of the faith of the nation.
^ The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
" If language can make any proposition clear h«
yond dispute, these acts establish the
tnata majority of the registered votes had to liee-ist
reirzlS
«□? ifn ^
It was
tion by the qualified voters by reLsinjffo .,5 ,a"
country. The primary conservative countJL the
tions urered if-. Thr  cotmtar eonren-
papers advocated it, and it ra rZ'n w. ,
this Congress and to the advocates of ft?' M 1 to
tion, as the mode of ounositinn thi?.°"rt tu-
deliberately adopted long before the vote^a tSen' 
Bo^Sr11 fr0m P—y'v-ania [Mr,
mongrel convention lately Ambled
