1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
ever mentioned, until be came behind meand struck
me, without saying a word until he did it.
To you, sir, X make this statement, hoping that
you will have an examination made and have jus-
tice done the Government.- I was innocently led
into this matter, and hope that it will be thoroughly
ventilated.
There is not an official in this district connected
with the internal revenue department that cannot
vo-££h' }f ^ey W1U* ^those frauds being committed.
iiiilorts have been, and are now being, made to
throw discredit on the evidence on which this in-
formation was based; and, also, endeavors are made
to convey an idea to the world that it is ablauk-mail-
ing operation.
j. to thefirst X would say that the returns of
distilled spirits from the 1st of May until the 1st of .No-
vember, 1867, of only twonty-three barrels and a half
on which the tax hod been paid is a sufficient answer,
together with the iacts of the evidence at each dis-
tillery and,rectifying establishment, and that whisky
is being daily sold here atfrom one dollar and twenty-
live cents to two dollarsper gallon, on which, accord-
ing to law, two dollars a gallon tax should be paid. In
reply to theblack-mailingcharge, thepublicity given
by me, both here and in Washington city, as well as
all over the country, will disprove such a charge.
Krom the 2d of November until to-day I have endeav-
ored to enlist as many honest men in exposing these
frauds as I could.
On being induced to engage in this matter, almost
against my will, 1 was well aware of the difficulties I
would have to surmount, arraying myself against
distinguished officials and any amount of money that
would be furnished by the " whisky ring."
I learn from officials that if the one thousand bar*
rels of spirits were seized none could be libeled or
confiscated unless the twenty-three and a half bar-
rels on which the tax was paid could be desig-
nated; this would be an impossibility when all are
marked alike, as you will at once perceive; and I
imagine such would not be the ruling of the depart-
ment at Washington, and it only shows how far the
officials will go to protect their proteges of the
"whisky ring."
One fact more in reply to the black-mailing, which
must disprove that charge, is, that L>r. Iieady, asses-
sor of internal revenue, promised me one half of the
proceeds of what would be confiscated for my inform-
ation and the evidence to sustain it, and that reward
I cxpect from the proceeds of any distillery, rectify-
ing establishment, or spirits that is or may be con-
demned since the 2d day of November, 1807.
On the 24th of January I offered to show Inspector
Robinsoii a distillery which still retained all the
evidence of how the law was violated, but he refused
to seize it unless I would make the information and
submit the pi oofs in writing. This I refused, fearing
that the information would be conveyed to the pro-
prietor and the evidences be destroyed; but I offered
to go with him, Dr. Ready, Mr. John J. Anderson,
special Treasury agent, or any one they wouid select,
and other witnesses, and show evidences ot fraud at
the distillery.
In the trial of these cases it is especially important
that the Government should be represented by a
special solicitor of the Treasury Department, to
"aid" the United States district attorney, and it is
important that no case should be tried until all the
seizures are made. I cannot urge this too strongly on
your attention, as the officials and their proteges of
the "whisky ring" will no doubt resort to every
means to defeat the ends of justice. In addition to
the testimony alluded to, I have in my possession a
copy of an affidavit proving that money collected lor
a license of a distillery, namely, $1,000, was placed in
the hands of General J. 13. Steadman, collector of
internal revenue, first district, Louisiana, before the
license would be granted. .
I trust, sir, that you will take such steps in the
prosecution of this matter as will insure justice to
the department of the Government over which you
preside.
Great care should be used in the selecting of tho
special solicitor to " aid" the United States district
attorney. . , , ,
Hoping that you will take immediate and ener-
|retie action on the subject contained heroin, I have
the honor to be, sir,
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
MILES N. CARPENTER.
A.
Com of John W. Elder's Affidavit, New Orleans, No-
vember 14,1S67.
John W. Elder, being duly sworn, state* as follows:
That I am a member of what is called the Whisky
Ringthat the amount required to be paid to, namely,
$1,000, on entering this association, was paid by my
partner, Mr. Pealo, to Mr. Invm, deputy collector
of the first district of Louisiana, in the month oi J uly,
1867;that after said SI,000 was paid I was further in-
quired to pay SI ,000 monthly thereafter, with the
privilege of running my distillery upon the further
condition of my turning over one barrel out of every
fi<ieftfrUier\tate<tVa!t Mr. Carnel, assistant assessor
of my division, was to have 8300 a month; in addition
to the amount paid by me monthly to the "ft hiM'iy
King." Mr. Camel further stated that M00 was the
least amount that any distiller in his division paid
him; he further stated that Mr. Lusse, a distiller at
No. 88 Commerce street, paid him M50 a month when
ho was not running; hefurtherstated that Mr. Crooks
paid him S300 a month. . . ,
I refused to pay tho amount, to wit, S300, claimed
by Mr. Carnel, whereupon he afterwards lnlormea
me that I could not run the still without paying tne
tax on every gallon manufactured by me, stating
that if I could not pay him I should pay the Govern-
ment; that my distillery was the only one that had
over beat him.
I. further state that I had to pay Mr. Boland,
United States inspector, one dollar for every barrel
branded by him, which amount was paid by my clerk,
Mr. Cotton, to Mr. Boland. And I further state that
this is the plan upon which all the distilleries work
ill this district that pay their 81,000 into the " Whisky
Ringthat I have conversed with a great many of
th'em and they all state that this is the plan upon
which they work, never paying any tax to the Gov-
ernment on tho whisky manufactured by them,
Most all of the distillers have rectifying establish-
ments near by, so as to get their whisky from the
still to these rectifying establishments, which is done
by means of false pipes put down in the receiving
cisterns, with a pump and hose attached thereto; in
this way they can run the whisky into these rectifying
establishments without much trouble.
I further state that a three hundred gallon still will
make from eight to ten barrels of spirits in twenty-
four hours, and I do not think that any smaller than
an eight barrel still can p.-y tho $1,000 required to be
paid by this "Whisky Ring" and make any money
and pay no tax. In fact, I do not know of any small
stills that have license.
I further state that this " Ring Whisky " can be
identified by the rectifier's brand, which is in all eases
placed on the head of each barrel rectified by the
rectifiers. There is 110 tax paid on whisky manufac-
tured and rectified in this city. J. W. ELDER.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, this 11th of
November, 1867. JAMES READY, Assessor.
B.
Liu of Distilleries mid Rectifying Establishments
seized, ets published by Dr. James Heady, Assessor
First District of Louisiana.
Distillery, No. 198 New Levee street, licensed in
name of Joseph Marrislany.
Distillery, No. 3 Fouckc street, licensed in name
of J. L. Maillot.
Distillery, No. 98 Commerce street, licensed in
name of Casper Lusse.
Distillery, No. 87 Thalia street, licensed in name
of John Henderson.
Distillery. No. 85 Commerce street, licensed in
name of Pat. Hannon.
Distillery, No. 260 New Levee street, liconsed in
name of John Myers.
Distillery, Nos. 159, 161. and 163 Tehoupitoulas
street, licensed in name of Peter Heft.
Distillery. No. 8 Dclord street, licensed in name
of George Wiset.
Rectifying establishment, No. 22 New Levee street,
licensed in name of Henry Lusse.
Rectifying establishment. No. 178 New Levee
street, licensed in name of Jacinto Gill.
Rectifying establishments, Nos, 159, 161, ami 163
Tehoupitoulas street, licensed inpameof Peter Heft.
Rectifying establishment. No. 96 Tehoupitoulas
street, licensed in name of Pat. Hannon.
C.
List of spirits seized by Captain William M. 1'obinson,
United States Inspector, First District of Louisiana.
December 28,1867,10 barrels whisky, rectified by
Hammond.
December 30,1867, 22 barrels whisky, rectified by
Hammond.
December 00, 1807, 69 barrels whisky, rectified by
Hammond.
December 30, 18G7, 5 barrels whisky, rectified by
Warner.
December 30, 1867, 12 barrels whisky, rectified by
Estlin.
December 30,1867, 54 barrels whisky, rectified by
Olmstead.
December 30, 1867, 8 barrels whisky, rectified by
Nelson.
December 30,1867,100 barrels whisky, rectified by
Parmele.
January 2, 1868, 8 barrels whisky, rectified by Hen-
derson.
January 2,1868, 3barrels brandy,rectifiedbyflen-
derson.
January 2.1868, 2 barrels gin, rectified by Murphy.
January 2, 1868, 59 barrels whisky, rectified by
Berthlot & Brooks.
January 2, 1868, 101 barrels whisky, rectified by
M. J. Ryan, returned to Alonzo Clarke.
January 2, 1868, 14 half barrels whisky, rectified by
M. J. Ryan, returned to Alonzo Clarke.
PROHIBITION OF PEONAGE.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
consent, presented a bill (H. R. No. 729) to for-
ever prohibit the system of peonage and Indian
slavery in the Territory of New Mexico and
otlier parts of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the various votes for referring bills,
&c.; and also move that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND OFFICE IN UTAII.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, presented the me-
morial of the Governor and Legislative Coun-
cil of Utah Territory, praying for the estab-
lishment of a land office in said Territory;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
POST ROUT 15 IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 730) to establish a
post route from Noxelsville to Beaver Springs,
in Snyder county, Pennsylvania; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
during the morning hour of Friday is the call
of committees for business of a private nature.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be now suspended, and the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the appropi'iation bills.
The SPEAKER. The proper motion is to
move to postpone the private business of to-
day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make
that motion. I hope there will be no objection
to it, for it is very necessary to go on with the
appropriation bills.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
CHARLES G. PAGE.
Mr. MYERS, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported, with the recommendation that
the same do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 731) to
authorize Charles Grafton Page to apply for
and receive a patent; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It authorizes
t)ie Commissioner of Patents to receive and en-
tertain a renewal of the application of Charles
Grafton Page, for letters-patent for his in-
duction apparatus and circuit breakers, now on
file in the United States Patent Office, includ-
ing therewith his circuit breakers described by
him prior to said application; and if the Com-
missioner shall adjudge said Page to be the
first inventor thereof he shall issue a patent to
him, which shall be valid, notwithstanding said
Page's invention may have been described or
in use prior to said application, and notwith-
standing the fact that said Page is now an
examiner in the United States Patent Office;
provided, that any person in possession of said
apparatus prior to the date of said patent shall
possess the right to use and vend to others to
use the said specific apparatus in his possession,
without liability to the inventor or patentee, or
any other person interested in said invention
or patent therefor.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, accompanying
the bill which has just been read there is a
very full report, with ample references to
authorities and the evidence taken by the
committee, and with drawings also of the in-
vention in question. But, as this report covers
seven closely printed pages, 1 do not propose
to have any portion of it read, unless, after
the statement I am about to make, the reading
should be demanded by the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
have the report read.
Mr. MYERS. Very well. I desire to make
my statement first; and I think after that state-
ment my friend will withdraw the demand. I
will state as briefly as may be, in order to avoid
consumption of time in reading the report, the
reasons why the Committee on Patents unani-
mously favor the measure which has been re-
ported.
_ The bill is to protect the rights of an Amer-
ican inventor against the claims to originality
unjustly and mistakenly awarded to a foreigner
by the high authority of a foreign Power. It
allows Dr. Charles G. Page, formerly of Salem,
Massachusetts, and for many years an exam-
iner in the Patent Office, to apply for and re-
ceive a patent for his induction toil, if the
Commissioner of Patents shall adjudge him to
be the first inventor of it; that is all. On its
