1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
This Congress pledged itself to reject any constitu-
tion not sustained by at least ono half of the regis-
tered voters of Alabama. Upon the faith of that
pledge a majority of the registered voters refrained
from voting; and,thus, by staying at home, they de-
feated the proposition in the very mode provided by
Congress for that purpose. Now, it is proposed to go
back upon this pledge thug solemnly made by Con-
gress, and accepted and acted upon in good faith by
the people of Alabama, and in the face of the
American public and before high Heaven the Re-
construction Committee advises this Congress to eat
its own words, and to perpetrate that which in a
statute, enacted, printed, and promulgated as a law
of the land, it has heretofore declared ought not
and should not be done."
And in the minority report it is asserted that
the voters were expressly authorized by the
provisions of the reconstruction acts to reject
the constitution, either by voting against it or
not voting at the election.
All this, I confess, seems to me incompre-
hensible. Is it true, then, that we said to these
white men who had been traitors so long, you
may, if you see fit, avoid the polls, and thereby
defeat a constitution which you could not de-
feat by voting against it. When and where
did we expressly, or even by implication, au-
thorize these men to avoid the polls? Did we
do this when, in the third section of the act
itself, we peremptorily declared that "at said
election the registered voters of each State
shall vote for or against a convention to form
a constitution therefor under this act," and
extended that order by the last clause of the
fourth section to the election held for the rati-
fication or rejection of the constitution? No,
sir ; no. We never expressly or by implica-
said, we never intended to say, to these men
that they were authorized to avoid the polls,
either for the purpose of defeating the consti-
tution or for any other purpose.
I well remember the reasons which actuated
this House in the enactment of this law. We
are still here members of the same Congress
which passed that act. We voted for it in this
very Hall. Why that law was enacted we all1
well understood and well remember. We did
not enact it for the purpose of enabling the late
rebels of the South, the minority of the regis-
tered voters, to defeat constitutions which the
loyal people of the South should frame and
attempt to ratify. But we enacted it for the
purpose of preventing the white rebels of
the South, the minority of the people, from
fastening on those States constitutions framed
by minorities which should be objectionable to
the majorities of the people of those States.
That was the motive which prompted us. We
knew that the whites of Alabama, as of the
other rebel States, having enjoyed freedom and
the opportunities of education and the exer-
cise of political power hitherto would inevit-
ably exercise in that State a political influence
vastly disproportionedto their numbers. Every-
body could see that. No one will even now
deny it. Apprehensive that, although they
might be in the minority so far as numbers
were concerned, thej' would nevertheless get
possession and control of the convention and
frame a constitution themselves; and that when
the election day came, by intimidation and by
threats and by all the various means which
their superior knowledge and experience and
wealth could command, they would unduly in-
fluence the ignorant, inexperienced, and needy
blacks of the State and thus repel from the polls
largo numbers of loyal voters, and enable them-
selves, by a majority of the votes actually cast,
which might be only a small minority of the votes
of registered voters, to ratify their minority con-
stitution, we resolved and endeavored to prevent
them from framing and foisting and fastening
upon the people of the State a constitution,
the work of their own hands, which should per-
petuate the oppression under which the blacks,
who were loyal during the war, had so long and
so fearfully suffered. This law was not framed
to enable the minority to defeat the constitution
of the majority. It was framed to secure the
majority from a constitution framed by an
adroit and unscrupulous minority.
On the 11th (lay of March, 1867, this bill
was before our House, and my colleague on
the committee [Mr. Bingham] proposed so to
amend it as to permit a majority of the votes
cast at the election to ratify the constitution.
The chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary then stated the object which the commit-
tee, and, in fact, the majority of the gentlemen
on this side of the House, had in the enact-
ment of the fifth section of the act of 1867.
He said that the question had been considered
in the committee and the judgment of the com-
mittee was against it, and he added :
"The judgment of the committee was against it
upon this ground : that in the rebel States the whites,
being in possession of political power, might, by
threats and intimidation, prevent tho colored citi-
zens from voting, keep them away from the polls,
and adopt a constitution which would not be free
and equal in its operation, and therefore they re-
jected the amendment when it was proposed in tho
committee."
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Botjtwell] on the same occasion said:
" I submit that the power which Congress has to re-
ject the work of any of these conventions is merely
a negative power. I know very well that when any
of the rebel States come here with tho work of their
conventions, and it conforms to the acts of Congress,
even though but one third or one quarter of their
people have assented to it, weshall be under an irre-
sistible pressure to accept what they have done, and
to admit their Representatives to seats upon this
floor. I am, therefore, opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixghvm.]"
It was not to put a weapon in the hand of
the disloyal minority wherewith to destroy the
loyal majority that we framed this act, but we
framed it to furnish a safeguard to the loyal
majority against the cunning and fraud and
violence of the disloyal minority.
It was not to give the late rebels of the South
an opportunity and the means of defeating the
will of the ever-loyal people of the South by
defeating the constitutions which the loyal peo-
ple might adopt. But it was to give to the
loyal people of the South security against the
imposition of constitutions framed, adopted,
ana ratified by disloyal minorities. Yet gen-
tlemen on the other side of the Mouse, in un-
holy sympathy with the rebellious element of
Alabama, seek to make that fifth section the
means of defeating the will of the majority of
the people of that State. They insist that we
expressly authorized them to avoid the polls
when the fact is that we expressly and peremp-
torily ordered them to attend the polls. They
seek to hold us to a forced construction of
that text. They maintain that when we de-
clared, as we did in that section, that upon
certain conditions we would admit Represent-
atives from that State, we declared virtually,
but not the less solemnly, that unless those
conditions should be fulfilled we would not ad-
mit Representatives from that State into this
Congress, that we would not allow that State to
be restored to its former place in the Federal
Union. Now, sir, I deny that we ever made
any such promise as this. I deny that we ever
did by implication, as nobody protends we did
expressly, promise to the disloyal whites of the
South that if these conditions should fail wo
would reject the constitution and reject Repre-
sentatives calling upon us for admission. No,
sir ; we did none of those things; and the gen-
tleman from Indiana. [Mr. Keiiu,] in tny judg-
ment, misconstrues this law when he declares
such to be the purport of this fifth section. As
I understand this fifth section it was not made
one of the conditions of the admission into
Congress of Representatives from that State
that a majority of the votes polled should be
for the constitution, nor was it made a condi-
tion to such admission that a majority of the
registered voters should vote. Those are the
first two conditions named in this fifth section.
I say that it is an unnatural, a forced construc-
tion of this section which refers those two first-
mentioned conditions to the admission of Rep-
resentatives from that State. I assert my opin-
ion that those conditions are solely conditions
precedent to the authorization of the president
of the convention to forward to the President
of the United States the certified copy of the
constitution. The exact provision of the sec-
tion is:
"That if, according to said return?, the constitu-
tion shall bo ratified by a majority of the votes of the
registered voters qualified as herein specified, cast
at said election at least one half of all the registered
voters voting upon the question of such ratification—
the president of the convention shall transmit a copy
of the same, duly certified, to the President of tho
United states, who shallforthwithtransmit the same
to Congress, if tlien in session, and if not in session,
then immediately upon its next assembling."
These two conditions are not conditions pre-
cedent to the admission of Representatives
from any of those States; We do not declare"
that if these two things shall be done we will
admit those Representatives. What we do
declare is, that if those two things are done the
president of the convention shall be authorized
to transmit the certified constitution of the State
to the President of the United States, to be
laid before Congress, and there we stop. We
do, indeed, promise, upon certain conditions,
to admit Reprersentatives ; but these two are
not among those conditions. There are five
conditions subsequently laid down upon compli-
ance with which we promise admission of
Representatives from those States. One of
them is—
" That Congress shall be satisfied that such consti-
tution meets the approval of a majority of all the
qualified electors of the State."
And right here, sir, is the sum and substance
of the whole act.
I am satisfied on that point. I have not the
slightest doubt that this constitution meets the
approval of a majority of the qualified voters
of Alabama. To my mind the evidence is
overwhelming on this point. When I vote,
then, as I shall vote, for the admission of Rep-
resentatives under this constitution, I shall do
that which I should be at liberty to do even
though I had expressly declared in this act
that I would never vote for the admission of
such Representatives unless I should be satis-
fied that this constitution had the approval of
a majority of the voters of the State. I never
' did, by voting for that act, declare expressly
! or by implication that I would never vote for
j the admission of Representatives from these
e States under any circumstances unless satisfied
|! that the constitution met the approval of the
majority of the registered voters of the State.
! I never placed such faith in registration as that
:j would imply. But I do declare heie and now
i that I would not vote for the admission of
Representatives in this particular case unless
I should be satisfied of such approvah I am
satisfied on that point. I have no doubt that
a majority of the registered voters of the State
approve this constitution; and, as if bound by
an express declaration that I would not vote
for their admission without such approval, I
will here vote for their admission.
The minority of our committee oppose this
constitution because, as they assert, it deprives
a large number of the white males of Alabama
I of the right to vote and hold office. Sir, these
men during the war were traitors. They have
no right to vote or to hold office, and for the
present this dangerous favor is most righteously
withheld. They oppose it, too, because it en-
franchises the blacks. But, if it did not enfran-
chise the loyal men, black and white, I could
j never approve it. They object that it places
| the power to impose taxes in the hands of those
J who will not pay taxes. Bat it remains to be
seen who will pay the taxes in the South.
Formerly the white planters paid the taxes,
because they owned the laborers, and the labor-
ers earned the money with which the taxes
were paid. The whites did not labor. It is
yet to be decided whether they will hereafter
themselves earn the money which will pay the
taxes of tho South, or whether the rough hands
which have heretofore earned it shall earn it
hereafter also and pay it iuto the Treasury
themselves. It is a question what is the color
ofthc future tax-payers of Alabama. But, then,
in all States of the Union the majority are poor.
It must be so everywhere, for if none are poor
none can be rich. And yet everywhere the
poor vote, and only modern Democracy is
shameless enough to oppose it.
In the third section of this bill we la? down
certain fundamental conditions upon whicn
