1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
those who are resisting the passage of this
measure.
A few words more and I shall leave this sub-
ject. All the elections in the States named
in this amendment are under the control of a
particular class or party ill those States. They
have the State organizations. They will have
nearly all the election officers. They will have
complete civil control over the holding of elec-
tions, and control, also, over the decision of
contested questions regarding those elections.
All the political power of those State govern-
ments is lodged in the hands of a party. Now,
what does this bill propose? It proposes that
as soon as the troops of the United States are
withdrawn, and their influence over the elec-
tions withdrawn, there shall be substituted a
local military power. For what purpose? To
superintend the elections, under pretense of
repressing disorder, to intimidate men from
attending the polls, to drive men from the
polls, and to secure, by the use of force, a
result sueh as is desired where other and civil
instrumentalities will not answer. That is it.
Of course the adoption of this amendment,
proposed by the Senator from Maryland, will
defeat this object.
Mr. President, I have believed from the be-
ginning—I have more than feared, I have be-
lieved—■since we commenced the discussion of
this subject of elections in the South at the
present session, that they would be a huge and
shameless fraud. After reading the papers in
regard to the election in Arkansas I could
come to no other conclusion ; and Congress by
its legislation and by its policy has not given
encouragement merely to unfair, unjust, law-
less, corrupt elections, but in the present meas-
ure proposes to provide the instrumentality by
which elections shall be secured. For any
avowed purpose this measure is unnecessary.
For a few weeks or months you might permit,
as your military departments exist, as your
commanders are upon the spot, as an adequate
military force is located there, and as you do
not propose to dismiss it even fay this measure
of reduction and reform—I say you might per-
mit the existing condition of things to con-
tinue until after the elections are held. If the
object was only to preserve the peace, you
could rely upon the officers and soldiers of the
United States for fairness and faithful conduct
much more than you can upon local militia
gathered from the ranks of a political party
and organized and directed by local political
power. Greater impartiality and a higher
sense of honor would be shown by the former
than by the latter.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will pardon
me I desire to ask him a question. It is
whether in the State of Pennsylvania there is
at this time an organized militia.
Mr. BUCKALEW. There is a mere shell
of one.
Mr. HARLAN. Then the Senator will par-
don me for asking the farther question whether
he thinks that maintaining a fair election in
Pennsylvania requires that this militia should
be disbanded until after the election.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, by law
in Pennsylvania no military men in arms,
none as an organized body, can approach
within a certain distance of a place of election.
If they do they may be arrested and punished
by the criminal law. They are kept away
from the elections ; peace is preserved only by
civil instrumentalities, by the peace officers,
and so it must be always if you would preserve
elections pure and free from improper interfer-
ence ; whereas for the South, instead of the
guards which we have in Pennsylvania and
other States of the North, you are proposing
an election instrumentality by this bill of a
military character. I dare say that you could
secure your results in most of these States
without it. As you control the civil govern-
ments, as you will control through your elec-
tion officers the holding of elections, as you
will control through other officers the returns
and the contests that may take place over re-
turns, I take it for granted that you would get
political results without this bill; but it would
seem to be the purpose of the congressional
majority to make their scheme of reconstruc-
tion as odious as possible, to load it down
with every circumstance which can degrade its
character and render hereafter the argument
of its invalidity (if we shall have a fair discus-
sion and a fair decision upon that question)
most clear and manifest to the apprehension
of the whole world.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. VICKERS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The question being put, the Chair announced
that the call for the yeas and nays was not sus-
tained, only three members rising to second
the call.
Mr. VICKERS. I call for a division.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I simply want to make
one remark. I do not remember before this
session, during my five years of service here,
that the yeas and nays were ever refused upon
an important measure.
Mr. WILSON. This is not an important
one. You can have them on the main ques-
tion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It is very important.
Mr. WILSON. This amendment is of no
account.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore A division
is called for on the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HARLAN. I admit the propriety of
the criticism of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
I think any Senator has a right to record his
name if he wishes.
Mr. WILSON. Well, let us have the vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 3, nays 29; as follows:
YUAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Doolittle, and Vick-
ers—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbutt, Anthony, Cameron, Cat-
tell, Chandler. Cole, Conklmg, Conness, Cragin, Har-
lan,Howard,Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Nye.Osborn,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Boss, Sprague, Stewart,
Thayer, Van Winkle, Wade, Welch, Willey, Williams,
and Wilson—27.
ABSENT—Messrs, Bayard. Corbett, Davis. Dixon,
Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler, Freling-
huyscn, Crimes, Jl;uris, Henderson, Hendricks, Me-
Creery. Morgan. Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton. Norton, Patterson ot New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pool, Saulsbury. Sherman,
Sumner, Tipton. Trumbull, Whyte, and Yates—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent to
make a verbal modification in the fourth sec-
tion, by striking out the words " carrying into
effect of the provisions of this act, specifying
in detail the manner in which the consolida-
tion of regiments shall be provided for," and
inserting " reduction of the officers of the
Army."
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
The Chair hears none.
Mr.VICKERS. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the word "thereof" in
line twenty-eight of the ninth section :
And provided. That the said Secretary shall bo
satisfied that the said arms shall be necessary to
preserve peace and order in the said States.
Mr. POMEROY. I believe that changes
the text wc have agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. No; it is an addition.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. YICKERS. I move to amend the bill
by inserting at the end of the ninth section :
And that a bond with ample penalty and security
shallbe tirst executed and approved by the Secretary
of War for the return of sueh arms and aceouter-
ments when called for by the War Department.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. VICKERS. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the
roll was called.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, (when his name was
called.) I have paired off with the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr, Davts.] If he were here
ho would vote against the bill, and I for it.
The call of the roll having been concluded,
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I paired off with Mr.
Davis early in the evening ; 'but as I under-
stand that my vote is necessary to make a
quorum I vote nay.
The result was announced—yeas 28, nays
4; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ahbott, Anthony, Cameron, Cat-
tell, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Conness, Cragin, Har-
lan, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Nye. Os-
born, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice. Ross, Sprague, Stew-
art, 'lnayer. Wade, Welch, Willey, Williams, and
VV llson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Doolittle, Van Winkle,
and Vickert,—4.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Bayard, Corbett, Davis, Dixon,
Drake, Mmunds, Ferry, Eessenden, Fowler, Fre-
lmghuysen, Grimes, Harris. Henderson, Hendricks,
MeCreery, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Norton, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pool, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Whyte. and
Y ates—30.
So the bill was passed.
MRS. GENERAL RICHARDSON.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1337. I simply wish to have it taken up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1387) granting an
increase of pension to Frances T. liichardson,
widow of the late Major General Israel B.
Richardson. It proposes to direct the Secre-
tary of the Interior toplace on the pension-roll
the name of Frances T. Richardson, widow of
the late Major General Israel B. Richardson,
at the rate of fifty dollars per month from the
3d day of November, 1802, on which day Gen-
eral Richardson died from wounds received in
the battle of Antietam on the 17th of Septem-
ber, 1862, the pension to be continued during
her widowhood, and if that should terminate,
then to be continued to Israel Philip Richard-
son, sole surviving child of General Richardson,
until he shall become sixteen years old. The
pension heretofore allowed to Mrs. Bichard-
son under general law is to he discontinued, b*ut
the sum received by her under the same is to
be deducted from the pension hereby granted.
Mr. HARLAN. I am not willing to vote
for that bill in its present form. If in the
opinion of the Military Committee that pen-
sion ought to be raised I am perfectly willing
to vote to raise it from the date of the passage
of the bill; but if I heard it read correctly it
goes back six years. It is a bad principle to
establish.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to postpone this
bill and take up the bill admitting free of duty
the cap for a monument to be erected at Har-
risburg. We cannot pass this bill to-night.
Mr. THAYER. I did not expect that we
could; but I wish it to be left as the unfin-
ished business for to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection to
that; but I wish the resolution that 1 have
referred to to be considered. I got out of bed
a little while ago to come here and make a
quorum.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest that the bill
of the Senator from Nebraska be laid over
informally, and that we take up the other
matter.
Mr. THAYER. I will agree to that.
MONUMENT AT IIAltEISBDRS.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask, then, that the reso-
lution to which I have referred be taken up.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(II. R. No. 343) to admit free of duty certain
statuary, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides that the statue rep-
resenting the figure of Victory, intended to sur-
mount the monument in memory of the Penn-
sylvania soldiers who fell in the Mexican war,
now about being erected on the capitol grounds
at Harrisburg, beingin marble cut in Italy, and
which will soon be ready for shipment, shall
be admitted free of duty. a
The joint resolution was reported to the ben-
