3228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
These are thcfigures, and theynecd no comment.
They arc disheartening enough; but they must be
looked at and uudeistood in aii their Mgnificance
if we would endeavor to reach a remedy."
Now, then, let us look at the relative loss.
I have shown you what the actual loss has been,
and how tliat in a few years tending in that
line the time would come when our foreign
commerce would be swept from the ocean.
Mr. HARDING. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman whether this decline in our tonnage
is not mainly due to the fact that we have been
engaged in a war ?
Mr. ELTOT. That is a very proper ques-
tion, and I will say to the gentleman from
Illinois that beyond controversy that fact has
operated very largely; it has probably tended
directly to affect some five hundred thousand
tons of tonnage, but that does not account or
begin to account for the condition of things
existing now. Put us as we were before the
war, and it would require but a very short time
for the tonnage which was lost because of the
rebellion to be replaced. It was in a favorable
condition before the war, and the shipping
interest did not require drawbacks. I will say
to my friend that if he will give his vote and
influence to this bill it will be entirely satis-
factory to me to have him offer an amendment
that the provisions of this bill shall cease and
expire within six months after the resumption
of specie payment.
Mr. MILLER. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether, if this bill passes, it will not
be the means of breaking up many of the
manufactories of the United States?
Mr. ELIOT. No ; I think the energetic men
of Pennsylvania will not be injured. While
they have such persistent and able men upon
the floor of Congress as they have now, my
friend need not fear.
Mr. MILLER. Thenwemust, stop this free-
trade movement.
Mr. ELIOf. We did suppose before 1861
that the time was at hand when we should be
able to equal upon the seas our greatest foreign
rival. In 1861, asl have stated, our tonnage
reached the point of 5,539,813 tons. At that
time Great Britain had a tonnage of 5.800,000
tons. That is to say, she had 200,187 tons
more than we had. So rapidly were we draw-
ing up with her that it would have taken but a
few years for us to equal her. Why, one sin-
gle ship yard in my own State in the course of
ten years alone would turn that difference of
tonnage. Donald McKay, if business were as
it had been before 1861, could turn out his
dozen ships, averaging some twenty-five thou-
sand tons a year, and could himself have
brought up the tonnage of this country to that
of Great Britain.
In 1806 England had 7,306,808 tons, while
we had 3,868,615 tons. That is to say, in that
short, time, instead of being 200,000 tons short
of England, we were less by 3,438,193 tons,
and to-day the difference is greater. I have
given the condition of English tonnage in 1860.
I have not the returns for 1867. I have given
you our condition in 1867.
Now, sir, it is manifest enough that if Con-
gress does not interfere to rescue this commerce
of ours, which is failing, we shall be driven
from the ocean. We cannot compete with for-
eign Powers. We must yield at once and let
England rule the seas. In 1860 our foreign
trade equalled in money $603,000,000. Of that
our own ships had $44-3,000,000, and foreign
vessels $2'i0;000,000. In 1866 that same trade
equalled $U06,000,000; and of thai our ships
had $262,000,000, and foreign ships 3604,000,-
000 ; and at this rate, in a few years, our whole
foreign commerce would be carried on in Brit-
ish bottoms. From a statistical table recently
furnished by our consul at London to the De-
partment of State, it appears that in 1861 one
third of the carrying trade of the whole world
was by our vessels.
In 1866 cur vessels had less than one sixth
of that carrying trade, showing the rapid de-
cline in that direction, while British vessels in
1860 had more than one half of that trade.
One other fact which speaks as loudly to the
House as perhaps any fact can. In 1861 four
hundred and seventy-two American ships en-
tered the port of London; in 1866 only sev-
enty-one American vessels entered that port.
That is going pretty near the bottom line. And
if we go much further, as I said just now, it
will be too late to legislate to revive this trade ;
we should have to recreate. .
The object of this bill is to put strength in
the hands of the men who build up the navy
of the country, that our commercial marine
may live and not die. Is there any American
who wants to see this state of things continue?
I should like to appeal to the West on this
question, not because it is an eastern interest,
because it is not; it is a national interest, if
ever any interest upon the face of the earth
can be national. 1 want to appeal to the West
on that ground.
It has been my fortune in this House and in
committee to contend as earnestly as I could
and as long as I might for those measures
which seemed to theui to be especially import-
ant for them; not because they were important
alone for them, but because I believed that the
proposed legislation was of importance to the
whole land. Why, sir, what is the national
advantage of the immense agricultural re-
sources of the West if you caunot get your
agricultural products to market? And so we
have been trying to aid in the opening of river
and harbor accommodations, so that those who
are able to supply the granaries of the world
might be permitted to leave their own homes
and find tv market for their products. And
they do not want to go to that market in for-
eign vessels. They do not want to make it
necessary that every bushel of grain that goes
from New York across the ocean—nay, that
which goes from the West to New York city,
shall go in foreign vessels. I apprehend they
will not be wilting to submit to that humiliation.
Now, while we know perfectly well that all
during our past life as a nation our flag upon
the ocean has been our glory; while we know
that the time is at hand when that flag will
have to be struck, not to a foreign foe, but to
that legislation at home against which it cannot
stand, I will ask the West as well as the East
whether it is not for their common interest that
a remedy should be found. With lair play we
can rival the world.
There is not only no nation upon earth that
so prostrates its maritime interests, but there
is no country upon earth where at home an
interest is so prostrated as is this shipping
interest of ours in this country and by our-
selves.
Mr. FERRISS. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly.
Mr. FERRISS. I would inquire whether the
change in the relative amount of the tonnage
of Great Britain and this country is not en-
tirely the result of the war?
Mr. ELIOT. All through the war it was
right and proper that such taxation should be
proposed as would enable the Government to
raise money to pay the war debt. Of that tax-
ation the shipping interest has borne more
than its share; we do not complain of that.
Beside, and independent of that, the difference
between the prices of imported articles which
go into the construction of ships now and before
the war is more than one hundred and one per
cent. And the difference thus made has been
just enough to disable entirely the shipping
interest from going on.
Now, we do not come into this House and
ask for legislation which does not find accept-
ance in other portions of the world in this
exact direction. What do you suppose would
be thought of any man who would get up in
the Parliament of Great Britain and propose
to subject the shipping interest to the customs
duties borne by the shipping interest of our
country? They go further than this bill pro-
poses to*go. They not only remit the duties
on all the articles which go into the construction
of their vessels, but they remit the duties on
the outfit, provisions, and everything in any
way connected with the vessel and the con-
ducting the voyage.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts who has charge of
this bill to turn his attention to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Mokrell] relative to drawbacKupoa
American lumber, copper, _ cordage, chains,
and anchors used in ship-building.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot do that now.
Mr. O'NEILL. I hope the gentleman will
give his attention to that before he concludes
his argument.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman will see that
is in a different line of legislation from what
is proposed in this bill. It is not bounty that
is asked for in this bill.
Mr. O'NEILL. I merely wish to have the
gentleman explain to the House whether in
this indirect way to takeoff the duties on these
American products would not be a protection
to American manufactures ? These interests
being large, and especially in the State of
Pennsylvania, I should like to have his views
on the amendment which I trust the House
will pass at the proper time.
Mr. ELIOT. Now, suppose we continue this
policy a little longer, what will be our condition
in case of war? Since the rebellion closed we
find that we have few ships of our own upon the
ocean. From the city of New York, from the
cities of Philadelphia and Baltimore, from the
city of Boston, from all along theAtlantic coast
where foreign commerce is carried on, the time
will come that the property transported abroad
will wholly go in foreign ships. Well, sir, let
that time come, as come it will. In the mean
time the ship-yards are dismantled and capital
turned from that into other channels. Now
comes war. How long are we to be without
a war? Who can tell? During this last war
who can estimate the value of our Navy—a
war at home, a war with rebellion, a war not
makingit needful to fight our battles mainly on
the ocean, a war not calling upon us for a large
naval fleet to do our fighting for us. Suppose
a foreign war comes, I ask honorable gentle-
men of the West how are they to build ships?
Do they expect it is possible to extemporize a
navy then when we have none of our own?
We had in 1861. We had, moreover, appliances
and means to build vessels. As they were
wanted and as fast as they were wanted they
were turned out for the Government.
How shall we conduct the next war when it
comes? The question gives its own answer.
It cannot be done. This is not a question for
the eastern Atlantic shore, for the eastern part
of this land ; it is a question for the whole coun-
try, if there can be such question propounded
to Congress.
I have here a letter from Donald McKay, a
ship-builder of East Boston, one of the largest
and most successful ship-builders we have.
Let me read it:
Bast Boston, February 15,1SG8.
Editor of the Traveler :
Within the last few months several conventions
have been held m different parts of the countrv, and
the cause ot the depression of the mechanical and
manufacturing interests has been fully ds^cu^ed
and suggestions have been madcfortbereUef of these
suflering branches. As yet no meeting has been held
—withone exception in Maine—to consider thocuuse
of the almost complete stagnation of tbeship-biuld-
mg interest, and present the fact to Congress that
severe taxation is the principal cause of such great
depression, and asking tor relief. The United States
ship-builder cannot compete in the construction of
ships with his provincial neighbor until relief is
obtained by having the burden of taxation removed,
i nave been endeavoring for several weeks, aud
without success, to find a sufficient number ol shin-
builders to sign a call for a meeting of discussion
and the feeling among those I saw wa* thcyVid
given ship-building up. and did not expect to e\ er
La?nn&m0r0 J eelS', Most of tllese seu'lemeu have
built thousands of tons of shipping .md w,;pi„vJ
thousands of men, and arc well known to the mer-
cantile community. W ithin a circuit of live miles I
can count twenty sliiD-building linns who :,r„ now
idle, and have been since the war, and iim-t of ip™
ft"" ships annually before the war.
lor nuself, I have constructed some years twelve
t nf a CiW0lty twenty-five thousand
„ 'j . at,I,re.sent,r ain engaged in building only
a ship of twelve hundred and eighty-live tons, b&v-
