1180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February'*14,
cises jurisdiction and discretion in the exten-
sion of patents once.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask what company has been hav-
ing the use of this patent and is having the use
of it to-day ?
Mr. BROMWELL.. The company which
has had the use of it is called the American
Screw Company.
Mr. VAN WYCK. What dividends have
hpp>n dpplarArl ?
_ Mr. BROMWELL. I do not know what
dividends they declare, nor does it appear to
me 10 be of any consequence to the widow and
heirs of the inventor whether the men that
have had control of this patent for seven years
have made a profit out of it or a loss.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I do not understand
that the gentleman has answered the question
of the gentleman, from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutwbll] relative to the amount of receipts
from this patent and the amount of expenses
incurred. The geutlemau says this patent is
valuable compared with the receipts. Un-
doubtedly it has been valuable by reason of the
monopoly which has enabled this company to
earn two or three hundred per cent, in divi^
dends. It will, of course, be valuable in the
future if this Government shall still keep the
monopoly in their hands. They have enriched
themselves beyond all calculation, and it is in
their power to render redress to the heirs of
Harvey, but it is not proper for this Govern-
ment to continue this monopoly.
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr._ Speaker,_ if the
House will second the previous question be-
fore the morning hour expires I will then yield
to all the gentlemen as much time as the House
may wish to spend on this matter.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I trust the House will
consider this of sufficient importance to give
more than an hour to its discussion.
Mr. BROMWELL. I am entirely willing
to allow a week, if necessary.
Mr. VAN WYCK. It has been running
already twenty-one years.
Mr. BROMWELL. I yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scoheld.]
Mr. SCOETELD. I only want to say one
word. When I was a boy I knew Thomas W.
Harvey in Western New York. He was a poor
roan, a hard-working, industrious blacksmith,
and an honest one. He was an ingenious man,
and he directed his attention to inventions. In-
vention after invention in this same line was
originated and put before the world by him. He
would make something on one invention, but
instead of saving it, as he might and ought to
have done probably, his love of his peculiar
art or talent induced him to invest it in some-
tiling else. That something else failed. He
would then get agood invention and make some-
thing out of that, and reinvest it. And so he
went on during all his life, benefiting the worm,
but very little benefiting himself or family. He
died poor. I know his children now—some
of them, at least; I know tliey are poor, and I
am going to vote for this bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. All right; so will I.
Mr. BROMWELL. I now move the pre-
vious question, and if the House second it, as
I before remarked, gentlemen shall have abun-
dant time. .
Mr. VAN WYCK. We can have only an
hour. . . ,
Mr. BROMWELL. An hour is quite-enough.
The question was put upon seconding the
previous question; and there were ayes 00,
noes 37. . , ,
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. FAIINSWORTH. I move to lay the
bill on the table.  
The question was put; and there were—ayes
M, noes 02. ,
Mr. BEAMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. .
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 43, nays 89, not voting
67; as follows:
YliAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Seaman, Boutwell,
Butler, Churchill, Cobb, Dawes, Eckley, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Garfield, Glossbrenner Harding, Hawkins,
Holman, Hotchkiss, Richard D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Kelsey, Ketcham, William Lawrence, Marvin, Me-
Cullough, Niblack, Paine, Pike, Plants, Price, Ran-
dall, Kama. Sawyer, Shanks, Spalding, Stone, Twich-
ell, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Elihu B. \Vashburne, William
B. Washburn, and William Williams—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell. Delos
31. Ashley, Axtell, Baker. Baldwin, Banks, Beatty,
Beck, Boyer, Bromwell, Brootnall, Bnokland, Burr,
Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Co burn,
Cornell,Covode, Cullom,Donnelly, Eldridge, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fields, Getz, Golladay, Grover, Ilaight, Hal-
sey, Higby, Hill, Hopkins, Asahel W.Hubbard, Inger-
soll, Jenekes, Johnson, Judd, Julian, Kerr. Kitchen,
Knott, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Mallory, McCarthy, McClurg, McCor-
mick, Mercur, Miller, Morrell, Mullins, Mungen,
Myers, Neweomb, Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth,
Peters, Pile, Poland, Polsley, Scolield, Sitgreavos,
Starkweather, Thaddcus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes,
Talfe, Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Robert
T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Henry D. Washburn,
Welker, John X. Wilson, Wood, and Woodbridge—89.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, James M. Ashley,
Bailey, Barnes, Baruum, Beujamin, Benton, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Blair, Brooks, Cake, CaryJpook, Dixon,
Dodge, Driggs, Eggleston, Kla, Kinney, Fox,Gravely,
Griswold, Hooper, Choster J&. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Jones, Kelley, Laflin, Lincoln, Lynch,
Marshall, Maynard, Moore, Moorhead, Morgan, Mor-
rissey, Perham, Phelps, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Robertson,
Robinson, Ross, Sclienck, Selye, Shellabarger, Smith,
Aaron F. Stevens, Tabor, Ward, Thomas Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wiadom, and
Woodward—57.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The main question was then ordered.
MESSAGE MtO-U TUB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forkey,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 355) providing ftjr the
restoration of Lieutenant Commander Trevett
Abbott, of the United StatesNavy, totheaetive
list of the Navy; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
PATENT roil CUTTING SCKEWS AOAIS.
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Speaker, before I
yield to those gentlemen who have anything to
say against this bill, I will make a brief expla-
nation for the information of those who have
not paid any attention to the subject. The
inventions for which Thomas W. Harvey ob-
tained these patents were not such inventions
as a man makes in a moment, such as may
accidentally come to a man's mind in machinery
or apparatus already in common use; but thejr
are inventions that revolutionize the mode of
a manufacturer. Necessarily, from the nature
of the manufacture, there must be avast num-
ber of these machines in operation at the same
time—not less than two hundred ; and in order
to provide a full assortment for the necessities of
the trade not less than four hundred machines
would be necessarily operating at the same
time. The machines are costly ; they are not
all of one kind, for it requires four separate
and distinct machines for each screw whicli_ is
finished by machinery. Every piece of wire
out of which a screw is to be formed must pass
through four of these au to m atic m achines, every
one of them requiring great ingenuity in its in-
vention, repeated experiments, and unbounded
perseverance before the experiments could be
made satisfactory to manufacturers^
Any man can see at a glance, without any
argument, that for such inventions as these the
pathway of the inventor must be encumbered
by every obstacle. It is no wonder that in this
class of inventions the first fourteen years al-
lowed by the patent law and the additional
seven years afiowed by an extension frequently
pass away and the inventor finds himself almost
ruined in fortune, broken down in health, and
his means and strength exhausted in his old
age. Such was the late of Thomas W. Harvey.
His lifetime, or at least the prime years of his
lifetime, were spent in the task of getting this
machinery into the hands ot those who had the
capital to put it into operation. He died in his
old age with his private fortune entirely ex-
pended in the perfection of these inventions.
Now, sir, it is astonishing to my mind that
the ancient Commonwealth of Massachusetts is
represented here to-day by those who are
opposed to this extension, not only opposed to
it, but who wish, as it were, to signalize their
opposition. Let me ask this House where
would Massachusetts be to-day if it were not
for inventions and patents? I have always been
taught to believe that a Massachusetts man,- or
a New England man, if he had a patent, be-
lieved that "all other things should be added
unto-himthat a patent was, as it w^re, the
opening of the door to progress and success in
life. What has been the policy of New Eng-
land? What has been the policy of this Gov-
ernment? It has been to protect inventors,
and to give to the man who had the heart and
the brain to bring about these results, which
have been so remarkable and beneficial m the
progress of this country, all the protection
which could possibly be thrown around him,
without actual detriment to the substantial
interests of the common people.
Now, who oppose this patent? Where are the
men, the companies, the corporations, the mo-
nopolists in this controversy? Is there one
opponent of this bill, outside of this House in
any portion of the community, seeking the over-
throw of this bill except they be themselves
interested as a corporation or otherwise in this
machinery, the possession of which merely has
given them the monopoly? I will say further
that the monopoly in this case does not arise
from having the patent right to the machinery.,
but from the iaet that the machinery can never
be used without an immense capital. Any cor-
poration or that manufacturer possessed of
capital, having procured this machinery, is at
once in possession of a monopoly. The widow
and heirs have neither money or machinery.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. BROMWELL. I will, for a question.
Mr. BUTLER. If the gentleman is correct
in saying that these companies, by means of
the machinery they already have, possess a
monopoly, what is the use of passing this bill?
How is the widow to get anything from it ?
Mr. BROMWELL. I will answer the gen-
tleman candidly, according to my understanding
of these matters. There are a great many varie-
tiesof these machines. The machinery invented
by Thomas W. Harvey is not the only ma-
chinery used in this manufacture. And, more-
over, many other machines invented by Thomaa
W. Harvey are in common use all over the
United Slates where there are manufactories
of wood screws.
The particular patents here sought to be ex-
tended are of some value ; not of great value,
for they are not now the controlling patents.
Other inventions of Thomas W. Harvey, prior
to this, contain in themselves controlling prin-
ciples, upon which new machinery lias been
constructed. But to-day every single screw
factory in the United States can carry on this
work, and let these machines be stricken out
of existence.
The whole case is simply this: that to this
widow and these heirs this patent may be of
some value. That is to say, the screw com-
panies now organized and in successful oper-
ation care nothing about it any further than
as it may go into the hands of some new organ-
ization. They have enough machinery of their
own. But, since the business has been revo-
lutionized, since machinery must make the
screws, this widow and these heirs will stand
a chance of getting among the business men
of this country some royalty upon this patent
Irora new parties who may seek to engage in
the manufacture of screws!
Sir, if this patent is not one which should
justly be extended, then in my opinion it is
in vain to speak of any patent being properly
extended. Why should any patent be extended
except for the reason that the party making
the invention has received 110 adequate reward
for the outlay, the expenditure of time, the
mental and physical labor involved in bringing
such inventions into use for the benefit of the
community? In this ease, I maintain, Thomas
W. Harvey died without having had any oppor-
tunity to reimburse himself, and left his chii-
