1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8229
ing already spent ton months time on her, and I ,
cannot find a merchant who will buy her at her j
actual cost, not including therein my own services, j
The Ctiu.^c of this high cost is principally attributable 1
to enormous taxation, and a consequent high cost
of material and high rate of labor. While new ships
continue so costly but few merchants will invest in
them, because they can place their money in United
States bonds, free of taxation, which will pay higher
interest than they can receive from shipping.
I ami ox a li&tof duties(in gold) upon various arti-
cles entering into the construction of a new ship of
one thousand tons:
Iron, 120,906 pounds $1,209 06
Jron spikes, 0,9(5(5 lbs  249 15
Galvanized spikes, 2,409 lbs  60 28
Castings, 14,408 lbs  216 12
Chain cables and rigging chains, 5$,300 lbs.. 1,457 50
Anchors, 10,700 lbs  240 75
Metal and nails for do., 20.338 lbs  711 83
Salt, 1,200 bu  216 00
Manilla, 12.423 lbs  310 57
Hemp, 28,774 lbs  863 22
Duck for sails and house tops, including
spare sails, 7,150 yds  714 90
Clinch rings, 1,800 lbs  36 00
Foreign white pine lumber and decking  825 00
Foreign hackmatack knees  330 00
Copper bolts, composition, castings, paints,
oils, ciockcry, cabin trimmings, nails, and
sundry outfits  1,225 00
Total dutiable articles for 1,000 ton ship,
(gold) $8,665 33
As a partial relief to the ship-building interest I
would suggest that Congress permit a drawback of
duties paid on materials entering into the construc-
tion of new vessels, (which at the present date on a
one thousand ton ship proves to be between eight
and nine thousand dollars, as shown above,) and this
privilege is accorded to the ship-owners and ship-
builders of Great Britain, enabling them to compete
with all other commercial nations, and their draw-
back extends to all articles of construction, equip-
ment, and stores used in building and fitting out of
new vessels.
Interested persons can obtain from the honorable
Secretary of the Treasury, for purposes of compari-
son, the register amount of tonnage built each of the
Ea.Pt, twenty years. There have been so few vessels
uilt for our merchants in recent years that the
average age of American sea-going ships is over ten
years, and on this account our insurance companies
meet with many losses, and yet the shipowner now
pays double the old rate of marine insurance.
DONALD McKAY.
Now, Mr. Speaker, how is the Treasury to
be affected by passing this bill? If ships are
not constructed then no revenue can be derived
from the material which enters into ship-build-
fbg. If vessels are not built the articles will
not be imported. No duties are to come if the
articles are not used. Therefore remitting the
duties, while it invites importation so far as is
needed, does not affect the Treasury one dol-
lar, because, whether the bill passes or does
not pass, the Treasury cannot be affected. Of
course I am now assuming that no ships are
built. If a few should be under the present
law at such losses as would be borne because
of an unwillingness entirely to give up the
pursuit, or of an inability, perhaps, to enter
on some other, the Treasury will be only to
that extent affected.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question, if it will not disturb him in
his line of argument. It seems to me that a
part of the explanation of the falling off of
our tonnage is due to the fact that steam ton-
nage has largely taken the place of sail ton-
nage. I do not know what the ratio is between a
ton of steam tonnage and a ton of sail tonnage.
Mr. ELIOT. It hardly will tend to an explan-
ation, I think, because the rapidity with which
a steamer moves enables it to make several
voyages to and fro where a sailing vessel does
one.
Mr. GARFIELD. Therefore, I suggestthe
inquiry whether our present tonnage is not as
efficient an instrument of commerce as our
tonnage of ten or fifteen years ago was, when
a very large proportion of our vessels were
sailing vessels, whereas it is now very rapidly
becoming changed in its proportions, so that a
much larger ratio is steam tonnage. There-
fore we have an effective tonnage which is
much greater than appears in the reports of
commerce and navigation, and it may be that
our commerce has more nearly recovered from
its depression than the returns would indicate.
I do not suggest this as explaining all the
depression, but as an important element in the
calculation.
Mr. ELIOT. There is no doubt that to a
certain extent the suggestion is well founded.
It is true that for some years past steam ton-
nage has been taking the place measurably of
sail vessels, but this is for certain purposes and
in certain trades. Besides, we have no steam-
ships, or very few, in foreign commerce. The
steamers that ply between this country and
Europe are now foreign built and foreign owned.
I have stated that Great Britain refuses to
impose upon her interests the burden with
which we have crushed the shipping interest
of this country. I do not mean to say that
the legislation proposed can at once enable
the shipping interest to take the position it
held some years ago, but 1 do say that until
we return to specie payment, until prices are
natural and labor becomes better regulated,
some legislation like this is absolutely needful
to rescue from destruction the interest of com-
merce. The relief can be withdrawn at any
time. The shipping interest asks for no bounty
at the hands of Congress. They simply assert
that the commercial marine must go out of
existence, and submitting the facts to the
House they ask whether we are willing that
the time shall come when the mercantile navy
and marine of the United States shall cease
to exist, when the stars and stripes will remain
at home, the bunting folded up and stored
away in the upper rooms of their owners'
houses, and the British flag shall float over all
the seas ?
There are several sections of this bill to
which I have not particularly alluded; nor do
I desire to unless information is wanted by the
House. In regard, however, to the last sec-
tion, I wish to say this: in 1852 there was a
law passed authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue American registers to foreign-
built vessels which were wrecked on our coast
and when they were condemned as wrecks,
purchased by Americans, and rebuilt at an
expense of three fourths of the value of the
property. In the course of the administration
of that law it came to pass that a wreck
occurred on our coast of a foreign vessel which
had been owned for many years in a foreign
land, but which had originally been built in
this country. The Attorney General, on exam-
ining the law, decided that the spirit of the law
justified the Secretary of the Treasury in issu-
ing an American register to the vessel, although
the words of the statute were "foreign-built
vessel." But since then the construction has
been different, and a vessel built in this coun-
try, although it may have been owned for very
many years by foreigners, if wrecked on our
coast, could not be purchased except for old
material, to be broken up and consumed; it
could not be rebuilt, because under the law it
could not be registered as an American vessel.
The only effect of this section is to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury in cases of that
kind to issue registers to vessels actually built
in America, provided they were not transferred
to foreigners during the war.
Mr. MILLEli. I would ask the gentleman
what the provisions of law are which the third
section repeals?
Mr. ELIOT. The act of July 31, _ 1792,
concerning the registering and recoiding of
ships or vessels, requiring oaths to be filed in
the custom-house by every owner, whenever
transfers were made of ownership. It is a law
that has not been for many years enforced,
and which it would be, almost impossible fairly
to enforce without great burdens to the ship-
ping interest. We therefore recommend that
it shall be repealed.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
O'Neill] called my attention to an amend-
ment offered by his colleague, [Mr. Morreix.]
That amendment is that for the encouragement
of American iron, lumber, copper, and manu-
factures, there shall be allowed bounties upon
articles used in the construction of ships to the
same extent as the drawback would be if those
articles were imported. I have only to say that
it did not seem expedient for the shipping
interest to be placed in the position of a party
asking bounties. We have had in New Eng-
land too much opprobrium and reproach be-
cause of bounties which at last were repealed
at the instance of the men who received them.
On your files the first petition from parties
interested for the repeal of the fishing bounties
came from Provincetown, at the end of Cape
Cod, in my district, signed by the parties who
were supposed to be benefited. We do not
want bounties, and therefore no provision of
that sort was inserted in the bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR. I would not venture to intrude
at all upon the time of the House if it were not
that a very great interest in my State is deeply
affected by this bill. I do not say by any means
that that ought to defeat the bill; but I do say
that it requires consideration of the House
before they shall adopt this measure. I lis-
tened attentively to the speech of the gentle-
man who reported this bill from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, as I did also to the labored
argument of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Pike] the other day upon the same question.
I hear from both these gentlemen that the ship-
building interest of the country is greatly
oppressed and requires relief. I have listened
for the purpose of ascertaining, if I could,
what it is that so oppresses that interest. What
is the difficulty? Have we changed the laws
in any such way that we have oppressed this
interest? Is it by an act of Congress passed
within the last five or six years that this inter-
est has been cast down? Do gentlemen tell
us what it is that is the difficulty here? I want
to know, before they ask me to apply the remedy
they seek, what is the injury? 1 desire that
these gentlemen shall tell us what it is that has
oppressed this interest. They can hardly ex-
pect that we shall be able to apply the remedy
unless we understand the disease. I think the
law remains as it has been for a long series of
years on this subject. We have not interfered,
at least against the shipping interest, in any
way to my knowledge. 1 do not understand
the gentleman to claim that that has been the
case.
Nevertheless, it is said that this interest is
oppressed very greatly. Well, sir, I think I
might answer that by the question, is that the
only interest in this country that is oppressed?
Why, sir, we hear here every day that almost
all the great interests of the country are op-
pressed and ruined. One gentleman tells us
that the iron interest is cast down; another
says that the coal-oil interest is languishing;
and so, if you run through almost the entire
list of the great interests of the country, you
will hear that there is oppression upon them.
It is certainly true that many great interests
of the country are in a degree oppressed, but
that, sir, grows out of the condition of the
country, and I must insist, unless gentlemen
can show that there is some other reason, that
in regard to the ship-building interest the rea-
son is precisely the same.
Mr. FARiNSWORTII. Will the gentleman
from Michigan yield to me to allow me to
make a report from the Committee on Recon-
struction? The committee have instructed
me to report back the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill to relieve citizens of North Car-
olina of disabilities, with the recommendation
that it be disagreed to. I desire to make the
report, and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. BLAIR. I will yield for that purpose.
KE3IOYAL OP POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. FA RNS WORTH. The Committee on
Reconstruction, which is authorized to report
at any time, have instructed me to report back
Senate amendment to House bill No. 1059, to
relieve certain citizens of North Carolina of
disabilities, and to recommend that the amend-
ment be non-concurred in, and that a commit-
tee of conference be asked on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill.
Mr. WASIIBURNB, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman admit an amendment to correct a
name in the Senate amendment? The name
"John D. Ashmond" should be "John D.
Ashmore," of South Carolina.
