THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ner's testimony read over to you in his pres-
ence?
Answer. It was read over, but not at my
instance at all. It was road to me, and I was
asked if it was correct, and I said "Yes."
Question. You were asked if it were correct
and you said "Yes." Did you object that any
single word was not correct?
Ansioer. I did not object to any word. I
objected to his manner.
Question. How could you see his maimer on
paper?
Answer. You asked him to get up and show it.
Question. Then, after you got there, when
that was read over to you, did you say, " I did
not say 'kicking;' Karsner said 'kicking' to
me." Did you say that?
Answer. No; I did not.
Question. Then did you not say, when asked
for any explanation, that it was playful; was
not that the only explanation yon gave?
Answer. I said it was playful on my part.
Question. Was not that the only explanation
you gave before the Managers?
Answer. I do not recollect; I suppose it was,
though.
Question. Was not Mr. Karsner then called
up and asked whether it appeared playful to
him?
Answer. Yes; he was.
Question. And did not he testify to yon that
it was not playful at all, but that you seemed
to be very earnest?
Answer. Yes; he did.
Question. And did he not illustrate your
earnestness by the way you brought yourself
down?
Answer. That is one point where I say he
was mistaken. He applied that to the time I
said we would kick him out. He applied it to
ihat, which was not the case. It was the third
time he asked me to stand firm ; then I straight-
ened myself up in that way.
Question. And you think he applied it to the
time you were to kick him out?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Did you object then that you your-
self did not use the words " Kick him out?"
Answer. No; I did not. I said it was in
answer to a question from him. I have had
time to think that matter over after I was called
up there, and I have gone over the whole in
my own mind after I got home.
Question. That was the 13th of March you
were asked before us, was it not?
Mr. EVARTS. Allow me to ask if you will
allow us to have a copy of the testimony to
which you are now referring—Mr. Karsner's
testimony before the Managers.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. With great pleas-
ure. I gave it to Mr. Stanbery when Mr.
Karsner was here.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was about to make a
motion to adjourn.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am about through.
I will be through in a minute. [To the wit-
ness.] Upon your reinstatement in office a3
adjutant general did you address the clerks ?
Answer. I did make a short address to each
section of them. I sent for the officers in
charge and told them I would like to see the
clerks.
Question. Was that within three days of the
time you were appointed Secretary of War ad
interim%
Answer. It was between the time I was re-
instated as adjutant general and the time I
was appointed Secretary of "War; I do not
recollect what particular day.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the counsel for
the respondent.) The witness is yours, gentle-
men.
Mr. STANBERY. We will ask some ques-
tions.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate sitting as a court do now ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate sitting for the trial of the impeachment
adjourned.
Saturday, April 11, 1808.
The Chief Justice of the United States en-
tered the Senate Chamber at twelve o'clock
and five minutes p. m., and took the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives appeared
and took the seats assigned them.
The counsel for the respondent also ap-
peared and took their seats.
The presence of the House of Representa-
tives was next announced, and the members
of the House, as in Committee of the Whole,
headed by Mr. E. B. Washburne, the chair-
man of that committee, and accompanied by
the Speaker and Clerk, entered the Senate
Chamber and were conducted to the seats pro-
vided for them.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the minutes of the last day's proceedings.
The Secretary read the Journal of yester-
day's proceedings of the Senate sitting for the
trial of the impeachment.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Gentlemen of
counsel for the President, you will proceed
with your evidence.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
before the counsel for the accused proceed,
I desire to say that the Managers wish to move
the Senate for such change of rule twenty-one
of the proceedings in this trial as will allow the
Managers and the counsel for the President to
be heard on the final argument, subject to the
provision of the rule as it stands that the argu-
ment shall be opened and closed by the Man-
agers on the part of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
proposition repeated. I could not hear it dis-
tinctly.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. _ The honorable
Manager will please reduce his proposition to
writing.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. I will. [After
writing the proposition.] Mr. President, I
desire to read the motion as reduced to writing.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to state that the
voice of the Manager is entirely inaudible
here.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. " The Managers
move the Senate to so amend rule twenty-one
as to allow such of the Managers as desire to be
heard, andalso such of the counsel for the Presi-
dent as desire to be heard, to speak on the final
argument, subject to the provision of the rule
that the final argument shall be opened and
closed by the Managers on the part of the
House."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, it is
moved by the Managers on the part of the
House of Representatives, that the twenty-first
rule be'so modified as to allow as many on the
part of the Managers and as many on the part
of the counsel for the President to be heard
as may see fit to address the Senate in the final
argument.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, as that is
in the nature of a resolution, under our gen-
eral rule it should lie over one day for consid-
eration.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
was about to observe that the proposition re-
quired some answer on the part of the Senate,
and that it would be proper for some Senator
to make a motion in respect to it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 move that the reso-
lution be laid over for consideration until
to-morrow.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It goes over, of
course, if there be objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would inquire of the
Chair whether the twenty-first rule does not
now provide by its terms that this privilege
may be extended to the Managers and the
counsel if the Senate so order; and I would
therefore inquire whether any amendment of
the rule be necessary if the Senate should
desire to extend that privilege?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Certainly not. It
is competent for any Senator to move such an
order; but the Chair has yet heard no motion
to that effect.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I make the motion that the order be adopted.
It of course is not necessary that it should lie
over, as it is provided for in the rule that this
order may be adopted.
Mr. POMEROx. I have no objection to
taking the vote now, if it is desired. I do not
care to have it lie over to another day.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
New Jersey will please reduce his order "to
writing.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is in order, I will
move that the twenty-first rule be relaxed so
as to allow three persons on each side to speak
under the rule, instead of two.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. That motion will
be in order as an amendment to the order pro-
posed by the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw it for the pres-
ent to allow the vote to be taken on that.
The order proposed by Mr. Frelinghuysen
having been reduced to writing and sent to the
desk—
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the order proposed by the Senator from
New Jersey.
The Secretary read as follows:
Ordered, That as many of the Managers and of tho
counsol 1'or tho respondent bo permitted to speak on
the final argument as shall chooso to do so.
The CHIEF J USTICE. That order will be
considered now unless objected to.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I hope that
order will be laid over until the next day's
session.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If objected to, it
will lie over.
Mr. HOWARD. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. An objection does not
carry it over, does it?
Tho CHIEF JUSTICE. Tho Chair thinks
it does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not change the
rule. The rule provides for this very thing
being done, if the Senate choose to allow it.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, may I
inquire under what rule of the Senate thus
organized it is that this motion lies over upon
the objection of a single Senator?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
in conducting the business of the court adopts
for his general guidance the rules of the Senate
sitting in legislative session as far as they are
applicable. That is the ground of his decision.
Mr. CONKLING. The reason for my in-
quiry was this : the very rule we are discuss-
ing provides that a certain thing shall happen
"unless otherwise ordered ;" and I supposed
that a motion otherwise to order was always
in order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is competent
for the Senatorfrom New York to appeal from
the decision of the Chief Justice.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no, sir; I merely
made the point by way of suggestion to the
Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice; I ap-
peal to the honorable member from Michigan
to withdraw 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. No debate is in
order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not about to debate
it, sir. If they are to have an opportunity of
addressing the Senate they ought at once ta
know it on both sides.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Gentlemen of
counsel for the President, you will please to
proceed with the defense.
Lohexzo Thomas—examination continued.
Mr. STANBERY. General Thomas wishes
to. make some explanatory statements.
The Witness. I wish to correct my testi-
mony yesterday in one or two particulars. I
read a letter signed by Mr. Stanton addressed
to me on the 21st of February. The date mis-
led me; I did not receive a copy of that letter
until the next day after I had made the demand
for the office. Tho Secretary came in and
