1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
dren the heirs of nothing but what they may
derive from the interest which the common
justice and equity of this Government may
give them in the inventions to which he devoted
his life.
Mr. BAKER. Will my colleague permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BliOMWBLL. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAKER. I wish to ask my colleague
this question: will the benefit of the proposed
renewal of this patent inure substantially to the
widow and heirs of Mr. Harvey or not?
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Speaker, this bill
is expressly drawn so as to provide that the
intention shall be for their benefit only, and
shall not be valid for the purpose of carrying
out any alleged transfer, arbitration, or award
heretofore made between the heirs and any
other person whomsoever. This provision has
been inserted because this bill, when before the
House on a former occasion, was defeated upon
the sole ground that if the extension should be
granted it would inure to the benefit, not of the
widow and heirs, but of the American Screw
Company, in consequence of some alleged
transfer or arbitration. I take it as a principle
of law, well settled by the decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States, that the
bill was not liable to that objection, that the
benefit would not have inured to any transferee
whomsoever.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman permit me to ask him one question?
Air. BROMWELL. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. We have
for several years had before us, in connection
with the tariff and tax bills, questions in regard
to the screw company located in Rhode Island,
which was represented as making annual profits
of several hundred per cent. 1 wish to know
whether that company is interested in this
patent, and whether it is worked by them?
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Speaker, as I under-
stand, this particular machinery is not used by
the company of which the gentleman speaks;
nevertheless, 1 understand it has been used by
screw companies, and made profitable to them.
But, going back to the question raised by my
colleague, [Mr. Baker,] I will say that 1 hold
it to be a principle of law admitting of no dis-
pute, that this Congress, being the grantor of
this patent extension,which is entirely ex gratia
on the part of the Government, we have the
unquestionable right to say that the grant shall
not be valid for the benefit of A, B, or C; that
it is made for the benefit of D, E, and E, and
shall not be valid to carry out any alleged
transfer or assignment heretofore made.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him one question?
Mr. BROMWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman say,
substantially, that if this bill be passed the
widow and heirs may not the next day transfer
their interest to the company that has been
mentioned; and, if so, can the gentleman say
affirmatively that there is no understanding,
express or implied, between the company and
the widow that she shall make such a transfer?
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Speaker, I do not
know what understandings there are between
any widow and anybody else. [Laughter.] I
do not know of my own knowledge but that
to-morrow every man in the world may sell all
he has got. But, sir, so far as this committee
know, so far as they have reason to believe,
there is no understanding except that these
heirs and this widow shall have the benefit of
this grant, if it be made, precisely as you or I
would have it, with, of course, the full right to
dispose of it to-moirow to any person who may
offer a proper equivalent for it.
Manifestly, Mi. Speaker, it is in vara to urge
this as an argument against the bill, for it
would apply to every patent in the world.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. BROMWELL. Certainly, sir. _
Mr. BUTLER. I am informed this is a tact,
and I wish to know whether it came before the
committee. Mr. Harvey some years ago sold to
a large iron proprietor in Massachusetts the
right to manufacture screws nnder his patent,
and gave a bond in the sum of §10,000 that
this manufacturer should enjoy that privilege.
But afterward, and while the machinery was
being set up to manufacture these screws, Mr.
Harvey sold his patent to this Providence com-
pany for $125,000, and then came forward and
paid the $10,000 bond rather than carry out
his contract with the Massachusetts manufac-
turer. That, I am informed, is the fact, and
it may explain why Massachusetts is not in
favor of paying any more money as a royalty
to this Rhode Island company.
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Speaker, I do not
know what information gentlemen are in pos-
session of, but I know this, that this commit-
tee required these representatives of Harvey to
give notice to every manufacturer of scrcws
in the United States to come forward andshow
that committee why this thing should not be
done, and no man came before the committee
appointed to investigate this matter. But in-
stead of this they sent statements and argu-
ments here, how or when I know not, to be
used when the case should come up for hear-
ing in this House. I undertake to say a party
who sleeps upon his rights during all the long
investigation gone through with by the Com-
mittee on Patents, knowing that that commit-
tee required the petitioners to notify every
screw factory in the United States, and that
notice having been given in newspapers and
in writing, of which we had evidence of ser-
vice, ought not to raise any objection here now.
It is very easy, Mr. Speaker, to stand up and
cry monopoly. It is very easy to do this, but
who have the monopoly, the capitalists or the
inventors?
Mr. JENCKES. I ask my colleague on the
committee to yield tome to make a correction.
Mr. BROMWELL. I yield to the chair-
man.
Mr. JENCKBS. I simply wish to correct a
statement made by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Buti.ee.] 1 have a personal
knowledge of how the company in Providence
became possessed of the right to use Harvey's
patent. It was under no such contract and for
no such consideration as that stated by the
gentleman from Massachusetts; and he may
be mistaken in his other facts as in the one he
stated.
Mr. BUTLER. I can only say I gave the
information to the House on the statement of
a member of this House who made the bar-
gain himself and received the §10,000 on the
forfeiture of Harvey.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. While I
was a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means for three years wo investigated this mat-
ter. It appeared that there was but one soli-
tary screw factory in the United States, which
made enormous profits, and that when the
English sent over here to establish a factory it
was bought off under heavy penalties never to
establish another.
Mr. BROMWELL. I yield now for a few
minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
have but a few words to say on this question.
It will be recollectcd at the last Congress this
same question was before the House and I
opposed it. I then presented facts which
seemed to me to convey the idea the benefit
of this renewal would go to certain other par-
ties. I am informed by the applicants there
is no such understanding or contract made.
Now if that be so, whatever may be my oppo-
sition to the extension of this patent, 1 do not
desire to make any false statements.
The gentleman who reported this bill asks
why is Massachusetts opposed to this exten-
sion? I do not know she is. I do not believe
in robbing any man of his invention. I believe
in protecting him in his rights and guarantying
them to him to the fullest extent. We have
passed patent laws guarantying the rights of the
inventor for fourteen years, and this inventor
has had that benefit to the fullest extent.
Again, he has applied for an extension for
seven years, and the Government has given it
to him. Now, what we say, so far as this pat-
entee is concerned, is that his claims upon the
Government have been answered to the fullest
extent, and the simple question comes up shall
this guarantee be carried any further ? But,
says the chairman of the committee, where are
all these monopolies that have been engaged
in the same manufacture for the last few .years?
I answer him by repeating the inquiry, where
are they? Why, when this question was be-
fore this House one year ago these monop-
olists were here opposing this extension.
Why? Because they said if it was granted this
American Screw Company would get all the
benefit of it. In regard to this same company .
it will be remembered by members of the last
Congress, when our internal revenue bill was
before the House and we were placing a spe-
cific duty of five per cent, on every other man-
ufacture, that an amendment was proposed put-
ting a duty of ten per cent, upon "the manufac-
ture of screws. Why? Because it was said tbey
were a monopoly and were making over fifty
per cent, annually on their investment, and
they could as well pay ten per cent, as five.
And the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
Jenckes] did not oppose it. He knows very
well that they had the entire control of the
patent.
But, says the gentleman, where >®re these
monopolies? Why, they have been engaged
for the last year running night and day in man-
ufacturing these machines, so that they can
carry on the business; and they know quite
well if this patent is extended they have a
monopoly for seven years to come, because,
as has been well said, they have their machines
and the manufacture, so that they can carry on
the business, and they have no royalty to pay
under this bill, nor is it claimed by the chair-
man of the committee or any member of it, that
they will have to pay a royalty. Well may this
monopoly unite with these other companies
that have been pressing upon members of Con-
gress to go for this extension when they will
reap the benefit of it.
But, says the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Soofielii,] I have been acquainted with
Mr. Harvey. He has sold this invention and
derived a benefit from it, but he has taken the
proceeds and invested them in other business
and has lost his money. Is that a reason why
this House should grant this extension—be-
cause, having made money out of his patent,
he has lost it m outside operations?
I wish gentlemen to consider this question
before they vote for this bill. Grant this ex-
tension, and these individuals sell out their
right for $100,000 and go into an outside oper-
ation, just as it is claimed that Harvey has
done, and they fail. At the end of seven years
the same argument comes before this House,
namely, that the applicants are poor. Did you
ever hear of an application for an extension
of a patent where the claimant did not piead
poverty—that he had made nothing out of his
invention? And yet this has been one of the
greatest monopolies this country has ever seen.
It is one of those questions which concerns
not a few individuals. This is an article which
is used by every rank and class. There is not
a manufacturer or mechanic or farmer who is
not interested in the extension or non-exten-
sion of this patent.
All I have to say, then, is, so far as this Gov-
ernment is concerned, it has fulfilled its obli-
gation to the furthest extent to this patentee
in protecting him in the enjoyment of it for
twenty-one years. I oppose the extension on
the same ground that I oppose the extension
of other patents by the legislative branch of
the Government, and further on the ground that
this has been one of the greatest monopolies
that this country has seen. It has been well
said that if this is not extended it will take at
least five years, throwing it into general com-
petition, for the public generally to enjoy the,
benefit of the invention. 1 say. then, granting
all the arguments which have been used in
favor of the extension, the same argument will
