3230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That can be done
by th6 committee of conference.
Mr. BROOKS. I think it would be well to
have the Senate amendment printed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We can do very well
•without that
The motion to non-concur iu the amendment
of the Senate and ask for a committee of con-
ference was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Farxsvyorth, Mr. Paine, and Mr. Beck as the
conferees on the part of the House.
PROMOTION OF AMERICAN COMMERCE.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 9H9) to promote Ameri-
can commerce.
Mr. BLAIR. I feel justified in saying that
it is not sufficient, when asking for extraordi-
nary remedies for particular interests, to say
that to some extent they are languishing at this
time. That is a common complaint, one which
applies quite as much to other interests as to
this one.
Now, sir, taking for granted, for the sake of
argument, all that has been said concerning
this special ship-building interest, what is the
remedy which this bill proposes ? And I may
be allowed to say that, as I understand, this bill
comes here upon its own merits alone; it
does not have the sanction of the Committee
on Commerce as a committee, but the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] is
allowed to report it to the House; as I am
informed the Committee on Commerce lias not
committed itself to the measure. What is the
remedy that this bill proposes? It consists of
five sections, the first of which provides—
That section four of an act entitled "An act amend-
atory of certain acts imposing duties upon foreign
importations," approved March 3,1865, and section
fifteen of an act entitled " An act increasing tempo-
rarily the duties on imports, and for other purposes,"'
approved July 11,1862, bo, and the same arc hereby,
amended so that the tonnage tax therein imposed
fehallbe collected only from vessels arriving fioin
foreign ports.
I see no objection to that section, and do not
intend to make any contest upon it. Neither
do I think it is a matter of so great import-
ance that this bill should be passed on that
account. The third section of this bill pro-
vides :
That the fifth section of an act entitled "An act
concerning the registering and recording of ships
or vessels," approved December 31,1792, is hereby
repealed.
That has reference, I understand, solely to
registering and lccording of vessels. The fourth
section of this bill piovidcs—
That hereafter boats or other vessels of tlio United
States less than twenty tons burden shall not be en-
roiled, and no certificate of registry shall be required
of tliein. Such boats or vessels shall be licensed, and
shallin every other rcspect be liableto the l ulc.-, and
regulations and penalties now in force relating to
registered and enrolled vessels.
This, I presume, is all very well; bat it cer-
tainly cannot particularly relieve the ship-
building interest of the country at large. The
fiith section provides—
That the provisions of the act entitled "An act
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
registers to vessels in certain cases," api5roved De-
cember 23,1852, are hereby extended to vessels built
within the United States: Provided, That the same
vrere not transferred during ihe rebellion to foreign
owners.
Now, in all these four sections I find noth-
ing that can very materially aid the ship-build-
ing interest. I conclude, therefore, that the
sum of the greatbencfits that are to be derived
from this bill are to be found in the sccond
section, which provides—
That a drawback equal to tlic duties paid bo al-
lowed to ship-builders on lumber, cordage, iron,
copper, chains, and anchors actually used and em-
ployed by them in the building and rigging of any
fehip, steamer, or other vessel built within the limits
of the United States; the amount of drawback in
all cases to be ascertained and paid in such manner
and under such regulations as may be prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury: Provided, That five
per cent, on the amount of all drawbacks so allowed
ahull be retained for the use of the United States by
the collectors pitying such drawbacks respectively.
This, then, is the main object of the bill: to
allow a drawback upon copper, lumber, iron,
cordage, chains, anchors, and the like. Now,
in regard to the copper interest I believe lean
speak as loud as any gentleman can in favor
of the shipping interest, and, if I am not mis-
taken, with quite as much reason.
The copper mining interest upon Lake Supe-
rior—and I speak of that particularly because
I happen to understand it better than I do any
other copper mining interest—the copper min-
ing interest upon Lake Superior has employed
a capital of fully $50,000,000. In consequence
of the closing of the war, and, I suppose, par-
tially from the failure of the demand for cop-
per, and still more because the protection upon
thatarticle is much less than upon most articles
of the sort, that interest is at this time in a
very depressed condition. The House doubt-
less has noticcd the very large number of peti-
tions which have come here from that interest
for relief. They ask that the copper interest
of the country shall be protected by duties
somewhat corresponding to those which are
applied to iron andother similar interests of the
country. And by and by, when that bill shall
be reached, we shall ask the House to con-
sider the question whether this interest does
not need protection.
It would be easy, and perhaps it would be
well, to state more at large what this copper
interest is. But I will not detain the House
further than to say that the Lake Superior cop-
per mines produce nine thousand of the twelve
thousand live hundred tons of copper produced
in this country. It is, therefore, a very import-
ant interest. I need not enlarge upon the fact
that while this interest has been more devel-
oped in the mines of my State than elsewhere,
it is nevertheless a vast and increasing interest
all over the country.
"What I wish to say liere is, that I do not
wish to make any point against the ship-build-
ing interest; while I will give my vote and
voice in every case to aid that interest, so far
as it may be possible, yet I cannot be asked
liero to strike down another of the great inter-
ests of the country. On the contrary, we must
get on together. And I will say to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, in ail seriousness,
that if he expects this to be a great nation
commercially it must also be a great nation
productively. It must take care of all of its
interests at home as well as abroad. I tell
him that he will never see the stars and stripes
floating in triumph upon every sea all over the
world if he strikes down our home interests
m behalf of the ship-buildii.g interest.
Mr. PIKE. I wish CO say, with the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Michigan, that the
ship-building interest is a customer for Michi-
, gan copper to a very small extent. I have
here a very carefully prepared table, showing
the amount of duties collected on these various
articles.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not yield for a speech,
although I do yield for a question.
Mr. PIKE. At the proper time I will ex-
plain this matter to the satisfaction of the
House.
Mr. BLAIR. I will say further in explana-
tion of the objection I have to this bill, it
grants a drawback on imported copper which
is no more or less tha.n taking the duty oif
copper and allowing it to come into competi-
tion with our home copper interest. When
that is done I undertake to say it will destroy
the copper mines of Lake Superior. It will
admit foreign copper free.
Mr. LYNCH rose.
Mr. BLAIR. I suppose the gentleman
expects to reply to me, and what he has to say I
prefer he shall say then.
The gentleman from Maine says that the
ship-building interest has not been a very large
patron of the copper interest. That may be
true; but my opinion was otherwise. It will
result, if this be adopted, that the copper pro-
duced abroad will come in here free, and will
be consumed by the ship-building interest to
the extent needed. My opinion is, however,
that copper is a material very largely used in
ship-building. During the war the copper
interest flourished largely, growing out of the
tact that the amount of copper used had largely
increased in consequence of the great number
of ships that were then built.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Pike,] who made an elaborate speech the
other day, intends not only to antagonize this
interest of copper, but to leave every other
interest in this country unprotected. Let me
read from the speech lie made on that occa-
sion:
" Mr. Myers. If the gentleman will allow me, I
do not know that I disagreewith himm what hehas
said, but I do not like one of his arguments. JJoes
he mean to tell this House and the country that the
relief wo have given from taxation is simply to cer-
tain rich manufacturers, and not to the laborers
whom they employ throughout the whole country I
If not, why docs h e use such ;m unnecessary argument
here in behalf of a just bill?
"Mr. PiKK. I made a statement that cannot be
eontradictod, that we relieved from taxation the rich
manufacturers of t.lie country. It cannot be denied
that we have failed to relieve the humble interests
of the country that I have described. I know the
argument of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, IJir.
Myers.] It is familiar to me from my boyhood. Is
is that the incidental benefits ^that accrue to the
manufacturer reach the employe. I have used that
kind of argument ever since I learned to talk inpub-
lic. I wds a protectionist in my day, and I argued
thatin protectingthemanufacturer wc protectedthe
omployes; that manufacturing establishments would
draw around them operatives who would receive the
drizzle of protection that filtered through their em-
ployers. I am not so thoroughly imbued with the
j ustice of that idea as I used to be."
I cannot understand the gentleman from
Maine, Mr. Speaker, for he places the ship-
building interest, or rather this bill, upon the
ground distinctly that it is hostile to the pro-
tective policy of the country. He proposes to
do that with that interest. I will not stop here
to complain of the manner in which he treated
this interest then. But if he used the language
that he says he did he was much less of a pro-
tectionist than I supposed him to be. He says
that he used the argument that.by protecting
the rich manufacturers the poor people would
have some little "drizzle" of that protection
at the same time. I have been a protectionist
all my life, and I say to the gentleman that I
have never mentioned any such "drizzle" in
any of my arguments. I refer to this solely foif
the purpose of showing that the gentleman
was against this and the other great productive
industries of the country. This Congress at
least has long enough shown a disposition not
to abandon that protective policy; hence I do
not think it necessary to discuss it now.
1 say, then, that the drawback is simply an
infraction of the protective policy of the coun-
try. There is not an argument that can be
used in favor of it which is not equally an
argument for the abolition of the entire pro-
tective policy of the country. It strikes at
that and nothing else. If it is best for the
United States to foster its own industry, if it
is best to take care of our own interests, then
we cannot consistently pass this bill.
I will say further that I do not believe the
passage of this bill is necessary. For when I
look into the gentleman's figures which he
took so much pains to arrange fof our informa-
tion, and see what the amount of tonnage was
ill 18151, as compared with the amount in 18(57,
it appears plain enough from those very tables
that the ship-building interest has not suffered
any more than the other gieat interests of the
country. It is true that during the war, in
consequence of the existence of confederate
cruisers on the ocean, our ships were to a great
extent driven from it, and the natural conse-
quence is that as yet they have been unable to
be replaced. The gentleman from Maine will
understand, of course, that it takes some time
to recover from this depression. There is no
great interest that can be invaded and crippled
in this way without some depression. But, sir,
I have as much faith as I have in anything that
the enterprise of the American people will
remedy this evil as it has remedied similar
evils before.
We have been a great commercial nation,
and we shall continue to be such. I am not
prepared as yet to shed any tears over the flaws
of ray country that the gentleman from Mas-
