1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1183
turers. Now, if it is a matter of national
charity or justice to give the heirs of this in-
ventor one hundred or five hundred thousand
dollars, let us doit; but let us not tax the
industrial interests of the whole country for
seven years to come for the benefit of the
existing monopoly.
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr.'Speaker, one year
ago the machines of which the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] speaks had not
been made. Oi^ year ago these heirs asked
this Congress to let them have the patent at
that time. But then these gentleman opposed
the application on the plea that the patent
would go to the benefit of monopolists. Now,
a year has elapsed and the same gentlemen
say, "The monopolists have filled their facto-
ries with these machines and this patent ought
not to be extended for the very reason that,
taking advantage of the delay, the parties
interested in the existing monopoly have put
it beyond the power of the family of the paten-
tee ever to obtain justice."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to know whether
our patent laws are of any utility? Does a
Committee on Patents in this House serve any
valuable purpose? If such a committee is
useless ; if every time it presents a meritorious
case we are to be told that a term of twenty-one
years is long enough for any invention, theil
let us relieve this committee of further labor
and dispense with consuming these morning
hours in useless disputation. The House im-
poses on the Committee on Patents the duty of
investigating these cases. They come before
the committee in regular course of law. They
involve private rights. I am as unwilling as any
other member to press upon this House mere
private considerations; but the House must
bear in mind that these cases are presented in
pursuance of its own authority and direction,
the rules having provided the method in which
these questions involving private rights shall
come up. This being the case, every member
is as much bound to give proper attention to
these eases as to any other concerns of the
Government.
Now, sir, the question still recurs shall the
inventor receive from this Government a rec-
ognition of the value of the work of his hands
and brain ? Shall the invention which he gives
to the public receive the protection of the Gov-
ernment, at least until his helpless children
realize some return ? I know it is said here
that the son of Mr. Harvey has invented ma-
chinery and has had good fortune with it. Let
that be as it may, there are two daughters who
have received nothing from all their father's
inventions, and who, under existing laws, can
receive nothing.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutwell] speaks as if these applicants were
public paupers. Sir, I do not speak for them
as objects of public charity." I maintain that
if our patent laws and our patent committees
mean anything, the granting of the relief asked
for in this case is as, much an act of justice
as any that the Governiiient can be called on
to perform. I now desire to yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofielp] for
a couple of minutes.
Mr. BUTLER. My friend will allow me
first to make a single correction. I stated on
information that Mr. Harvey paid his bond. I
find now I was incorrect in that. He did not
pay it. In every other part, I believe, I was
correct.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, T only wanted
to correct a misapprehension which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts seems to be under.
I should have said nothing in favor of this
bill, and probably would not have voted for it,
if it had not been for the fact I knew some of
these parties. Last year when the bill was up
I came to the House, without knowing what it
was. and voted against the bill, as I almost
ahvavs do vote against such propositions.
When I came to leam this year it was for this
man Harvey,whom I knew when he was a poor
mechanic, working in his shop like other black-
smiths,- and having followed bis fortunes with
my personal information after he had left the
village where he lived at an early day, know-
ing something of his family and history, I
thought it was my duty to vote for this bill,
and to say so in advance.
The gentleman misunderstood me when he
thought I said Mr. Harvey made large for-
tunes, invested them unfortunately, and lost
them. Not at all. He made some money—I
will say large fortunes—out of some of his in-
ventions, but instead of investing in laud, or
in a profitable business, or in stocks, as, per-
haps, a prudent man would, out of his love of
invention, following the bent of his genius, he
invested his money in new experiments, many
of which were unsuccessful, and the fortunes
he had made were gone. Then ho hit on some-
thing which was a success; hut he made little
out of it. He was poor all his life, and he died
poor at last, and left his children poor.
I should have voted for the bill last year if
I had known these facts, as I have said. I
voted against it because I did not know it was
this family. I believe if this bill is passed we
will do but justice to the children of an indus-
trious and ingenious mechanic, who has done
more to benefit tte industry of this country
than almost any one man of whom we have
ever heard.
Mr. BBOMWELL. Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Van Wyck] read
a newspaper article here concerning this mat-
ter which, to the best information 1 have from
parties who I am certain know what they are
talking about, is altogether filled with misrep-
resentations. It is thrust into a newspaper
in New York when it might have been brought
to the committee, if there was any truth in it,
and submitted to the lest of examination. I
repeat, sir, it is evident to my mind that the
attempt is made by parties outside of this
House to create a public opinion against the
rights of these heirs by crying out monopoly
and that the price of screws have been in-
creased by this machinery. On the contrary,
the machinery has saved to the people of the
United States thousands and hundredsof thou-
sands and even millions of dollars. This in-
vention is of that class in which the inventor
has never been paid for the value the country
has received from his invention. If he had
been made a millionaire it would not have been
an equivalent fot the stupendous results pro-
duced by revolutionizing the whole mode of
manufacturing an article which enters into
common use in every building of the land as
well as all kinds of implements and machinery.
The benefits have been incalculable. It is
nothing that certain parties may have made
fortunes by using the inventions of this in-
ventor without compensation to him and held
a monopoly of the business.
But, sir, had this bill been passed at the time
it ought to have been, and when it would have
been probably but for a paper being presented
in this House, which attempted to show that it
would inure to the benefit of a monopoly—had
it been passed at that time there would have
been none of this machinery piled up and ready
for use, of which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Boutwell] has spoken. Sir, if
the inventor has been pushed aside until a
monopoly has seized all the benefit to which
he is justly entitled, is that a reason why this '
Government should refuse to recognize his j
claim? The question for us to consider is:
Has this party, according to the usage of this
Government, a right to come here and ask for
this extension, not having realized a sufficient
or adequate remuneration for an invention
which has been of such great benefit to the
people of this country? I trust the bill will
pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
demand the yeas and nays on the passage of
the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 57, nays 71, not voting-61;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnell, Banks, Beatty, Beek, Ben-
jamin, Bromweir, Broomali, Chanler, Sidney Clarke,
Coburn, Ferriss, Gotz, Gravely, Haight, Halsey, Hig-
by, Hill, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Xngersoll,
Jenckes, Johnson, Kerr, Knott, Koontz, George V.
Lawrence, Loan, Logan, MeClurg, McCormick, Mer-
eur, Miller, Mulling, Mungen, Myers, Newcomb,
Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Peters, Pile, Poland. Polsley,
Scofield, Sitgreaves. Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes.
Taffo, John Trimble. Trowbiidge, Dpson, Van Aer-
nam, Robert T. Van Horn, Henry I). Washburn, Win-
dom, and Woodbridge—-57.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Baker, Beaman, Bingham,
Blaine, Boutwell, Buckland, Butler, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Cobb. Cornell. Covodo, Cullom,
Dawes, Ecklcy. Ela, Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Garfield Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover,
Harding, Hawkins, Holman, Hotchkiss, Richard D.
Ilubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Judd, Julian, Kelley.
Kelsey, jietcham, ICitehen, Latlin, William Law-
rcncc, Lincoln, Loughridge, Marvin, McCarthy, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Paine, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Plants,
Price, Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Sawyer, Spalding,
Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Taber,
Twichell, Van Auken, Van AVyck, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elihu B. Washburnc, William B. Wash-
burn, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wood, and
W oodward—71.
NOT V OTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison. Anderson,
Archer, Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell,
Bailey, Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum, Benton, Blair,
Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cake, Cary, Cook, Dixon, Bodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, Bggleston, Fields, Finney, Fox,
Griswold, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Jones, Lynch, Mallory, Marshall, Maynard, McCul-
lough. Moore, Moorhcad, Morgan, Morrell, Morris-
sey, Pomeroy, Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Schenck,
Selye, Shanks, Shellabnrger. Smith, Taylor, Thomas,
LawrenceS. Trimble, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump,
Ward, Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
and Stephen F. Wilson—61.
So the bill was rejected.
During the roll-call,
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, said: I
have paired with Mr. Ashley, of Nevada. He
would have voted for the bill and I against it.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. VAN WYCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was rejected ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
MESSAGE FltOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
passed a bill (S. No. 352) authorizing the tem-
porary supplying of vacancies in the Executive
Departments, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Kooxtz for ten days.
SOUTHERN MILITARY DISTRICTS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in answer to the resolution of
the House of the 3d instant, a communication
from the Adjutant General, inclosing copies
of all orders by the commandcrs of the five
military districts in the South for the execu-
tion of the reconstruction acts.
Mr. BROOKS. I move its reference to the
Committee on Reconstruction, and that it be
printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I move to
refer it to the Committee on Printing, for the
purpose of having them examine and see
whether it is necessary to print the communi-
cations or how much should be printed.
Mr. BROOKS. It seems to me, upon an
official document of so much importance as
this, the House is as capable of judging as the
committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I only pro-
pose that the chairman of the Committee on
Printing shall look over the documents, and
if they are deemed of importance euough to
incur the expense report in favor of printing
them. The gentleman from New York can
himself confer with the chairman of the com-
mittee.
The communication was accordingly referred
to the Committee on Printing.
