1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2207
believe she has been for almost three years
justly entitled to have her Representatives on
this floor and in the Senate. She has been,
against all law and all precedents, wrongfully
and unjustly excluded. But I cannot be a
party to this bastard constitution, this negro
government. I cannot recognize this as the
State or constitution of the State. I cannot
by any act of mine consent to this outrage,
not upon Alabama only, but upon the people
of all the States now represented in Congress.
I cannot consent that seventy thousand negroes
shall be the depositaries of the government of
that great State ; that to them shall be com-
mitted the future destinies of half a million of
my own race ; that they shall send seven Re-
presentatives to this House and two Senators
to the Senate, when eight hundred thousand
white citizens of my own State of Wisconsin
can have but six Representatives and two
Senators. This constitution may be good or
bad ; I would not vote to fasten a constitution,
the best the world ever saw, upon an unwilling
people. To command my support it must be
the voluntary choice of those who are to live
under it.
With my views I could not vote this consti-
tution upon the people of that State if it had
been made by the angels in heaven, instead of
having been dictated by Congress, and enforced
by the despotic power of the Army. It matters
little what the constitution of government may
be; if it be not the choice of the people it
will be considered and felt to be a most unjust
and grinding despotism, a cruel and oppress-
ive burden. The lightest oppression is too
heavy for the proud and brave long to bear.
The iron in the soul wounds more deeply than
manacles upon the limbs. There is no agony
like that the spirit feels when crushed and
bowed down by wrong and oppression. The
burdens we take upon ourselves and bear with
ease and pleasure would, if forced upon us by
others, crush us to the earth. It is the free,
the unfettered spirit that can do and brave and
bear. The load the freeman carries would
crush the slave. The consciousness that the
man is free gives him power to do and patience
to endure.
Mr. Speaker, the acts of to-day will affect
this Republic for all time to come for good or
for ill. Our foot-prints, as we are now moving
along, will remain till the dust of ages shall
cover them up, unless, as we have reason
greatly to fear, the gathering storm of revolu-
tion or the rising passion of a wronged and
outraged people shall wash them out with blood.
The idea of the people of that State, the white
people, born in freedom and accustomed to its
enjoyment, submitting to a constitution formed
and forced upon them as this is to be, is utterly
absurd and preposterous. I have not so mean
an opinion of my countrymen, my own race,
the white people of Alabama, as to believe it.
They may submit; they will submit so long as
they are in the presence of and awed by stand-
ing armies and no longer. The time will as-
suredly come when the pride of race and blood
will not brook the domination of inferior men;
when the white people of that State, conscious
of the great wrong and injustice inflicted upon
them by the unhallowed hand of despotic power,
and conscious, too, of their God-given strength
and their right to be free, will rise in their
might and drive the African rulers you shall
place over them into the sea. They will regard
as little the constitution enforced upon them
by this bill as do those who vote for it the one
they have sworn to support and which this bill
so wantonly and flagrantly violates.
This bill and all such measures as subord-
inate the majority to the rule of the minority
are but invitations to war and bloodshed.
Eternal justice will bring just retribution. It
may end in the destruction of both blacks and
whites. It can never end in the domination
by the former over the latter. I beg gentlemen
to hesitate long before they endeavor to bring
it about. There is a point beyond which you
cannot go. Hold that people, if you will, under
the sword—punish them till the most malig-
nant passion is satiated : but seek not to make
them the slaves of their former servants. They
can submit to the rule of the sword without
dishonor, but to be ruled and governed by the
negro they cannot without utter disgrace and
degradation. If you dare not trust them to
govern themselves as communities, as a people,
hold them in the iron grasp of military power
till you dare, but do not dishonor and degrade
your own countrymen and race ; do not over-
throw our system of government in an experi-
ment that all history leaches must end in dis-
aster and blood.
I can add nothing more forcible and elo-
quent than the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. BinghamJ against the Kansas bill,
substituting only the word Alabama in place
of Kansas :
" I repeat it: look to it, ye Representatives of the
people, ye men who keep ward and watch over the
Constitution and the Union, that the free men of
Alabama are not by your act driven to the dread
election of submission and dishonor or resistance
unto blood. I tell you, notwithstanding their alleged
want of manliness, Alabama has hosts of citizens,
good men, and true who will never stoop to be your
abject slaves—
'"While heaven has light or earth has graves!*
"Sanction this constitution, conceived in sin and
brought forth in iniquity, and you can only maintain
it bythe Federal arm and the Federal bayonet. It
can never secure the voluntary support of a free
people. Sanction this constitution, and with it sanc-
tion, as it sanctions, that code of abominations which
the invaders of Alabama enacted, and you compel
resistance. Resistance to such legislation would be
duty, not crime; patriotism, not treason. The re-
sistants or insurgents or rebels, if you please, could
point you, in vindication of their rebellion,_ to the
fact that the history of Federal intervention 1^Ala-
bama, ever since the day of its organization, is but a
history of repeated injuries and usurpations."
I close with reading a single passage from
another speech of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] made on the occasion of the
consideration of the constitution of Kansas:
" In this hour of the world's repose and the world's
hope shall America, the child and tho stay of the
earth's old age, prove false to her most sacred tradi-
tions, false to her holiest^trust, and by this proposed
enactment consent to stiike down liberty ill her own
temple and forge chains for her own children?"
Let the gentlemen answer that. I now yield
the remainder of my time to the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.}
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Haight
for two weeks.
Mr. NEWCOMB asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence after Tuesday next.
sub murpiiey
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 979) for the relief
of Miss Sue Mnrphey, of Decatur, Alabama;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
j. ¥. st. john.
Mr. DODGE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial from the State of Iowa, for
the relief of J. F. St. John ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
david wagner.
Mr. DODGE also, by unanimous consent,
presented a resolution of the Legislature of
Iowa, asking for the passage of a bill for the
relief of David Wagner.
washington and schuylkill railroad.
Mr. CAKE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 980) to authorize the
building of a railroad from Washington city,
District of Columbia, to the Schuylkill river,
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had disagreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses upon House bill No. 900, to
exempt certain manufactures from internal tax,
had further insisted upon their amendments to
said bill, and ask the appointment of another
rds^'''
committee of conference, and that Messrs.
John Sherman, Timothy 0. Howe, and A. P.
Morton had been appointed the conferees on
the part of the Senate.
tax on manufactures.
Mr. HOLMAN. On behalf of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Schenck,] who is absent on account of sick-
ness, I ask unanimous consent to consider the
message of the Senate just received.
No objection was made.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move that the re-
quest of the Senate for another committee of
conference upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses upon House bill No. 900, to exempt
certain manufactures from internal tax, be
accedcd to by the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as the conferees
on the part of the House Messrs. Robert C.
Schenck, of Ohio, Thomas W. Ferry, of Michi
gan, and James Brooks, of New York.
admission of alabama.
Mr. BECK. I only desire to -say a few words1
in answer to some of the objections made by
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
in regard to the minority report presented by
my colleague on the committee [Mr. Brooks]
and myself concerning the three counties that
were stricken out by the convention and not
allowed to vote on the ratification of the con-
stitution nor for officers under the constitution.
Now, sir, the fact is that these three coun-
ties were not the only counties created by the
convention of 1806, which the gentleman com-
plains was, under a provisional government,
organized illegally by the President of the Uni-
ted States, but ten new counties were organized
under the action of that convention. Previous
to 1860 the constitution of Alabama required
that each county should contain nine hundred
square miles; by the convention of 1866 the
minimum size of counties was reduced to six
hundred square mile3, and ten new counties
were created—Clay, Cleburu, Crenshaw, El-
more, Hale, Lee, Bullock, Baine, Colbert, and
Jones. In all those ten counties the people
were registered and allowed to cast their votes
for members of the convention. After tha
convention framed the constitution the three
counties of Baine, Colbert, and Jones were
stricken out, and were not allowed to cast their
votes for the ratification of the constitution or
against it, although the county of Jones had
1,178 voters registered, the county of Colbert
had 1,810, and the county of Baine about the
same number, each being entitled to a repre-
sentative. But each of these counties being
composed almost exclusively of white men,
and each entitled to a representative on tho
basis of representation adopted by the conven-
tion, they were stricken out altogether, while
the seven other counties created at the same
time were allowed to remain, and were recog-
nized by the convention, because in a majority
of them the blacks predominated. That was
the objection we made. By the census of 1866,
as set forth in the report of the assistant com-
missioner of the Freedmen's Bureau—and it
is from that I take my statistics—there were
only 439,000 blacks in the State of Alabama
against 532,000 whites, being an excess of
93,000 whites; and yet the counties in which
the blacks predominate control sixty-five rep-
resentatives, while the counties in which the
whites predominate only control thirty-five,
and the basis of representation, as set forth
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,]
shows that while it takes 11,220 where" the
white men are in the majority to elect a rep-
resentative, only 8,900 are required where the
blacks have the control. That was one objec-
tion which I desired to state.
I desire to say to the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr.PoLAND,] who has offeredan amend-
ment, that if he will adhere to it and add to it
the proviso which I hold in my hand, and
which I propose to read in a moment, it will
eome nearer securing a fair election m the
State of Alabama than anything which has yet
