150
SUPPLEMENT TO
Then there is another matter I want to speak
about—when I came to correct that testimony.
There are two things there that are confounded
in reference to dates; the first part of it, the
date of my appointment as Adjutant General
and that of my appointment as Secretary of War
ad interim—I supposed they were asking me in
reference to the iormer, and that is the reason
those two questions got mixed up. Then when
I went there to correct my testimony I wished
to do it. I read it over and found that some
of it was not in English, and I thought there
was something taken down, anjl I believe there
was, that I dia not say. They would not per-
mit me to correct the manuscript, but I put
something at the bottom just in a hasty way.
I suppose it is on that paper, [pointing to a
manuscript in the hand of Mr. Manager But-
ler.] I do not know.
Question. I will come to that. Now, then,
have you got through with your statement?
Answer. I have.
Question. Yery well, then, you will answer
me a few questions. Did you not come and
ask to see your testimony as it was taken down
by that committee?
Answer. I went to the clerk and saw him.
Question. Did he give you the report which
I hold in my hand ? «
Answer. He was not in ; and I came the
next day, the second day, and he handed it to
me; and twice he went, I think, to some mem-
ber of the committee, I do not know who. I
said I wished to correct it; I wanted to make
it at least decent English in some respects;
but I was informed that I could not correct
the manuscript, that I might 
Question, lie reported to you that you might
make any corrections in writing?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Then, did you read the whole testi-
mony over?
Answer. I think I did; I am not certain
about that.
Question. Do you not know you did ?
Answer. No ; I do not know that I did.
Question. What were you there for?
Answer, I came there to correct the first
part of it particularly, and that was the reason
I went there. I took it for granted that the
rest was correct.
Question. You did not want to correct any
other portion of it?
Answer. No.
Question. And the first part of it only re-
ferred to the mistake in the time about your
being made Adjutant General 01- being made
Secretary of War?
< Answer. It had reference to the notification
given me more particularly ?
Question. By the President?
Answer. I had stated the notification 
Question. The notification by the President
to be Secretary of War or Adjutant General
that was mixed ?
Answer. That was mixed.
Question. That was what you wanted to cor-
rect?
Answer. I stated that I received that notifi-
cation from Colonel Moore. Colonel Moore
did give me the notification that I would prob-
ably be put back as Adjutant General, but he
did not as Secretary of War.
Question. That was what you wished to cor-
rect?
Answer. That was the principal correction I
wished to make.
Question. And you did not want to correct
anything else?
Answer. If there was anything wrong, Idid.
My eorreclions are there, whatever they may
be. 1 suppose that, is the paper.
Question. You then went over your testi-
mony, did you not, and corrected such portions
as you pleased?
Answer. Oh, I had full privilege to do that,
of course.
Question. And wrote out hero portions of
two sheets which are in your handwriting, are
they not, of corrections? [Showing the pages 1
to the witness. ]
Yes, sir, I corrected in my own
handwriting.
Question. And signed it "L. Thomas, Ad-
jutant General?"
Answer. Yes, sir. There are not two sheets,
however. There is one sheet and a little more.
Question. I said portions of two sheets.
Now, sir, having read over your testimony and
attempted to correct it, did you correct any-
thing m this portion in which you are reported
as saying that the President ordered'you to go
forward and take possession and administer the
office?
Answer. I do not think I made any such
correction as that.
Question. You have sworn that that was not
true. Why did you not correct it?
Answer. I have said so because I know his
expression.
Question. Why did you not correct it before?
Answer. Well, I have thought the matter
over.
By Mr. Stanbery :
Question. General Thomas, I find a report
of your testimony as given yesterday, as you
gave it originally, on the examination as to the
first interview with the President, which I will
now read to you and see whether it is correctly
reported :
"Question. What occurred between the President
and yourself at the second interview 011 the 21st of
February ?
"Witness. I stated to tho President that I had
deliverodtho communication, and that ho gavo this
answer.
" Mr. Stanbery. What answer?
"Witness. Hie answer, 'I)o you wish mo to va-
cate at once, or will you give me time to take away
my private property,' and that I answered,' at your
ploasuro.' I then stated that, after delivering the
copy of the letter to liim, ho said, *1 do not ltnow
whether 1 will obey your instructions or resist
them.'"
The Withers. I said "act your pleasure."
Mr. STANBERY. Now, the point of your
answer I wish to bring to your attention is this:
" This I montioncd to tho President. Ilis answer
was, ' Very well; go on and takocharge of the oflicc
and perform the duty.'"
Did you say that?
Answer. 1 said that.
Question. It was iu the cross-examination
that this ''possession" came out, was it not?
Answer. Yes, sir.
By Mr. Manager Bittt.kk:
Question. Then you mean to say that in an-
swer to Mr. Stanbery you put it all right yes-
terday, and in the answer to me you got it all
wrong?
Answer. In reference to your examination.
Mr. STANBEllY. We will sec how your
examination was by and by. Wo shall want
General Thomas as to what took place on the
trial after we put in the record.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Call him in at any
time; we shall always be glad to see him.
[Laughter.]
General Thomas. Thank you, sir.
William T. Sherman sworn and examined.
By Mr. Stanbery:
Question. General Sherman, were you in
Washington last winter?
Answer. I was.
Question. What time did you arrive here ?
Answer. About tho 4th of December last.
Question. How long did you remain here ?
Answer. Two months.
Question. Till the 4lh of February, or about
that time?
Answer. Until about the 3d or 4th of Feb-
ruary.
Question. On what business had you come?
Answer. I came as a member of the Indian
peace commission by adjournment.
Question. Any other business at that time?
Answer. At that time no other business.
Subsequently, by order, I was assigned to a
board of officers organized under the laws of
Congress to submit articles of war and regu-
lations for the Army.
Question. At what date was that assign-
ment?
Answer. I could procure the order, which
would be perfect evidence of its date; but I
must now state that it was within ten days of
my arrival here ; about ten days.
Question. About ten days after your arrival
here?
Answer. About the middle of December that
order was issued.
Question. Then you had a double duty?
Answer. I had a double duty for a few days.
Question. During that time, from the 4th
of December until the 3d or 4th of February,
had you several interviews with the President?
Answer. I had.
Question. Did you see him alone, when there
was no person present but the President and
yourself?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Did you see him also in company
with General Grant?
Answer. I saw him in company with Gen-
eral Grant once, and I think twice.
Question. Had you several interviews with
him in relation to the case of Mr. Stanton ?
Answer. I had.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
we desire, without delaying the Senate, to re-
spectfully submit our objections here again,
without desiring to argue it. Webelieveit our
duty, as the representatives of the House, to
object 
Mr. STANBERY. Object to what?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. That the decla-
rations of the President touching any matter
involved in this issue, not made at the time
when we have called them out ourselves, are
not competent evidence, and desire to submit
the point, if such is the pleasure of the Senate,
to the ruling of the presiding officer.
Mr. STANBERY. Allow me to come to
some question that we can get started upon.
This is introductory.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. I understand it so.
Mr. STANBERY. You will soon see what
our object is with General Sherman. There
will be 110 mistake about it when we come
to it.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. I understand
the object is to call out conversations with the
President.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. At present no such
question has been asked.
Mr. STANBERY. Now we will come to
the point very quick. [To the witness.] Gen-
eral, while you were here, did the President
ask you if you would take charge of the office
of the Department of War in case of tho re-
moval of Mr. Stanton ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I object to the
question, and ask that itbe reduced to writing.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel will
reduce the question to writing.
Mr. STANBERY. Do you object because
it is leading or because of the substance of it ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I object to it for
every reason.
Mr. STANBERY. Then I will put it in a
form 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I beg your pardon;
put it in writing.
Mr. STANBERY. I will lay a foundation
first. [To the witness.] At what time were
those interviews? Have you a memorandum ?
The Witness, (consulting his memoranda.)
The interview with General Grant and the
President, do you refer to ?
Mr. STANBERY. No; any interview. I
will ask you a question that will relieve you,
perhaps. Had you interviews with the Presi-
dent before Mr. Stanton came back to the ofliee,
while General Grant was yet in it?
The Witness. Y"es, sir; of a social nature
entirely, before that time.
Question. Had you interviews with him after
that?
Answer. I had.
Question. How long after that; after Mr.
Stanton came back?
Answer. The day following, I think.
Question. Were you and the President alone
at that interview the day after?
Answer. General Grant was also present?
Question. What did that interview relate to ?
