1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
TOBACCO TAX.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the constitutional convention of
Virginia relative to the tax on tobacco; which
•were referred to the Committee of Wavs and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
HEIRS OF GENERAL RICHARDSON.
_ On motion of Mr. TROWBRIDGE, by unan-
imous consent, bill of the Senate No. 802.
ud-V ,ef of the heirs of Major General L
a. Richardson, deceased, was taken from the
Speaker s table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which -the bill was
referred; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAJO INDIANS.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report a bill
*r°m Committee on Appropriations for the
relief of the Navajo Indians, and to make a
brief statement of the necessity of the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I shall be obliged to object
it there is to be any debate.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not think it will lead
to any debate.
Mr. DAWES. I will allow the gentleman
three minutes.
Mr. BUTLER. Say five.
Mr. DAWES. Well, five minutes.
Mr. BUTLER. The bill is rendered neces-
sary under these circumstances: £he Navajo
Indians were captured in 1863-64, and placed
by the Government on a reservation which is
not of lands susceptible of cultivation. They
have J>een kept by the War Department until
last November. By a law of the last Gongress
they were turned over to the Department of
the Interior and §100,000 was appropriated
for feeding them. 'I hat sum has been expended
and more which was taken from another appro-
priation. The Secretary of the Interior now
asks Congress to appropriate a very large sum
for the purpose of feeding these Indians in
their present condition, which is simply that
of prisoners of war. He informs us, and we
are informed from other sources, that if these
Indians were returned to their own lands they
would be, as they were before, substantially
self-supporting. We have, therefore, prepared
a bill appropriating $150,000 for supporting
them temporarily and removing them to their
old homes, under the auspices of the peace
commission, as it is called—the commission
authorized last year to compose the difficulties
with hostile Indians.
If this is done, and doneatonce, thousands,
aye, hundreds of thousands, of dollars will be
saved to the Government, and after a most
careful examination I have been instructed to
report this bill and to ask the House to put it
upon its passage. I hope there will be no ob-
jection. Time is a large element, because if
this thing is not done pretty soon they cannot
be removed in time to give them an opportunity
to commence cultivating their lands this sea-
son, and we shall have to support them at an
expense of about fifty thousand dollars a month
for another year. 1 hope the bill will pass.
Mr. BROOKS, flow much does it appro-
priate ?
Mr. BUTLER. One hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars instead of the 8800,000 asked for,
if we have to keep them where they are.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information.
The bill was read. The first section appro-
priates, for the purpose of removing the Navajo
Indians, now held against their will on the
Bosque Redondo reservation, as soon as pos-
sible to their own lands, and locating them
upon-sueh part thereof as may be selected for
that purpose and to subsist them meanwhile,
$150,000, or so much as may be necessary.
The second section provides that the sum
appropriated, or as much thereof as may be
necessary, shall be expended under the direc-
tion of the commission authorized by the act
of July 20, 1867, which commission is author-
ized to select and establish a sufficient reserv-
ation on the lands belonging to said Indians,
and to remove and locate them thereon and do
all necessary acts in the premises.
( Mr. BROOKS. I would ask if the commis-
sion recommend this appropriation?
Mr. BUTLER. Thoy recommend this course,
but they have nothing to do with the appropri-
ation. The Secretary of the Interior asks for
a much larger appropriation—$800,000—to
keep them for a year where they now are.,
Mr. BROOKS. Are the persons who are
to have charge of this appropriation thoso who
compose the commission creatcd by the last
Congress?
Mr. BUTLER. The same commission.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I see no objection to
the bill.
No objection was made.
Mr. BUTLER accordingly reported from
the Committee on Appropiiations a bill (H.
R. No. 7S3) for the relief of the Navajo Indians,
at Bosque Redondo, and to establish them on
a reservation ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WBKKs's TOKP1SDO MACHINE.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution for con-
sideration at this time:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs of
the House bo instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of purchasing, on behalf of the Government
ot the United States, the exclusive right to use a cer-
tain machine, invented by Asa Weeks, of Minne-
sota, for the purpose of oporaling torpedoes, and
which lias already been examined arid favorably ro-
atid Master Mechanic G. it. Wilson, and report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. BALDWIN objected, but subsequently
withdrew his objection ; whereupon
Mr. HUMPHREY renewed tlie objection.
ELECTION CONTEST SMITH VS. BROWN.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the question of
privilege contained in the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections, to whom were referred the
credentials of John Young Brown, claiming to
be a Representative in the present Congress
from the second district in Kentucky, and the
memorial of Samuel E. Smith, claiming to
have been duly elected as such Representative.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the following resolutions:
Resolved, That Samuel K. Smith, not having re-
ceived a majority of tho votes cast for Representa-
tive in this House from the second congressional
district, of Kentucky, is not entitled to a seat therein
as such Representative.
Rmolvnl, That the Speaker be directed to notify
theGoverpor of Kentucky that a vacancy exists in
the representation in this House from the second
congressional district of Kentucky.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] whether
it is the intention of the Committee of Elec-
tions to bring the House to a vote on these
resolutions to-day?
Mr. DAWES. That is their intention, if.
they can do so.
Mr. BLAINE. If that is not done will the
gentleman consent to go on with this subjcct
to-morrow?
Mr. DAWES. It is njy desire to close this
ease to-day. For one, I am willing to take the
vote, after having made the statement which
the committee feel called upon to make, and
after the gentleman who now claims the seat
has been heard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
House that some ten members have notified
him of their desire to speak on these resolu-
tions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
inquire of the Chair if a motion to lay these
resolutions on the table would be in order, if
one could get the floor to make that motion?
The SPEAKER. It would be; but the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is now
entitled to the floo.r.
Mr. MAYNAIil). This is a very important
question, involving consequences very for be-
yond this case. _ I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will allow it to be fully discussed.
Mr. DAWES. That is in %e control of the
House.
Mr. BLAINE. With the leave of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, I desire to say that
the question I wish to have settled is whether
we are to have a session for business to-mor-
row or only for debate. I understand that the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washbcrxe]
wishes to go on with the appropriation bill
to-morrow. If it be the intention of the House
to have a session to-morrow for business I
think it should be understood now, so that
members may govern themselves accordingly.
Mr. DAWES. I feel it my duty -to insist
upon the present consideration of this, ease
un til it shall have been disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will close this case to-day, in order
that the Committee on Appropriations may
have to-morrow for the consideration of the
legislative appropriation bill. I desire to state
to the House that if to-day is taken up in the
consideration o,f this case it will be the duty
of the Committee on Appropriations, in the
present condition of business, to insist upon a
session to-morrow for business,
Mr. DAWES. I am entirely willing to sub-
mit this case to the House to-day, feeling that
members have read the views of the committee
upon this subject, and perhaps are just as well
prepared to vote upon it now as they will be
hereafter. I agree with the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynabd] as to the import-
ance of this case ; and if 1 am called upon to
make any statement I will endeavor to point
out that importance. If the House shall think
they have heard enough, after they shall have
heard the statement on behalf of the commit-
tee and the argument of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Smith,] who olaims the seat,
I shall be entirely content to then take the
judgment of the House upon it. I feel myself
that the path of duty in this matter is so plain
that I should be willing to trust, the ease entirely
to the House without any debate.
Mr. MAYNARD. Well, Mr. Speaker, I
feel the path of duty to be in this case so
entirely plain that I should be willing to trust
the matter to the House without any discus-
sion^ if the gentleman's path were not dia-
metrically opposite to the one that opens before
my view. When gentlemen speak of things
being so plain they ought to recollect that in
some cases what is plain to them is not equally
obvious to other gentlemen.
Mr. DAWES. I did not intend by my
remark to reflect upon any gentleman.
Mr. COB URN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yield to me for a
moment?
Mr.'DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, 1 hope that
the House will not close tlie discussioa of this
question hurriedly. Four days were allowed
for the discussion of the claims of a gentle-
man known_ to be disloyal, or one whom the
House, by its vote yesterday, declared to be
disloyal. Now, here we have a claimant who
is a loyal man, who has been a soldier in the
union Army, a gentleman against whom no
word of reproach has ever been uttered bore
or elsewhere. ^ Yet we are now asked to close
up this discussion with a single speech by the
chairman of the committee and another by
the claimant. It seems to me ordinary fair
dealing requires that we should allow to a
Union man at least as much opportunity to
assert his right to a seat on this floor as we
have allowed to a man whom this House has
voted to be disloyal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
