1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
32S3'
Britain, whose commercial rival wehadbecome,
in giving aid and comfort to the rebellion. Shall
we allow those nations that aided in destroy-
ing our commerce to profit by its destruction?
or shall we encourage and stimulate its repro-
duction by enacting wise and liberal measures
in regard to it?
It is said that every interest in the country
should bear its proportion of the public bur-
den ; and I fully concur in the general correct-
ness of that proposition. But I submit whether
this particular interest which has been crushed
almost outof existence by the war, while those
other great interests, agriculture and manu-
factures, have been stimulated and improved
thereby, should not be made an exception to
this general rule.
If an article of American manufacture is
taxed, if the raw material which enters into
its composition pays an impost duty, the article
when manufactured is protected by a duty upon
its foreign competitor, which is intended to
cover not only these disadvantages, but also the
increased cost of American over foreign labor.
Anu now I wish to call the attention of my
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers] to the
difference between the protection this great
interest receives, and the protection which is
afforded to the manufacturing interests which
that gentleman represents. They are protected
by the tariff which is put upon those articles
that are included in our laws.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair]
asked wherein our laws have been changed
in regard to this ship-building interest that
it now requires protection. 1 ask that gen-
tleman and the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia wherein our laws have been changed in
regard to the interests they represent? And
yet those gentlemen, from the commencement
of the war to the present time, have come here
and demanded more protection, and we have
given it to them. We have advanced the im-
port duties pari passu with and in proportion
as we have advanced our internal taxes. The
laws in regard to the ship-building interest have
not been altered to meet the altered condition
of affairs, while the laws in regard to manufac-
tures have been so altered.
Le*, cs see how it is with the American ship-
builder. He must build his ship with high-
priced labor, and high-priced and high-taxed
material; every thing from stem to stern, and
from keelson to truck, has paid an excise or an
impostduty. And when the ship is launched
and ready for business, provisioned with taxed
stores and maimed with a taxed crew, the for-
eign ship, built with cheap labor, without a
single article which has entered into her con-
struction having paid a tax to the Government,
with every article of ship stores exempt from
duty, this ship, thus built, manned, and pro-
visioned, hauls alongside of the American
ship, at an American port, and enters into free
competition with her for all foreign commerce.
Is it strange, with this condition of things, that
the American flag is fast disappearing from the
ocean so far as foreign commerce is concerned?
Is not the fact that it has held its own so well
against such adverse circumstances conclusive
proof that, with reasonable protection from
the Government, we should soon regain all we
have lost ?
I would like to ask my friends from Penn-
sylvania, who are constantly asking for -more
protection—which I have always been willing
they should have—how long they think they
could stand the competition if it were possible
for the Englishman to bring over here his roll-
ing mill and machine-shops with workmen to
run them ; bringing at the same time provis-
ions and clothing for the workmen ; all free
of duties or taxes ; and then be allowed to sit
down beside and enter into free competition
with them ? This, sir, is just what the English
ship-bnilder is allowed to do in competition
with the Americanship-builder and ship-owner;
and the present bill affords only a partial re-
lief ; because in the nature of the case only
partial relief can be afforded. There ought to
be a provision in the bill under consideration
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 203.
by which an American ship, clearing for a
foreign port, should be allowed to take its
stores as the English ship does, in bond,
free of duty. The disadvantages which we
labor under, of higher paid officers and crews
to man our ships, is one under which we have
always labored, but for which we have Been
compensated by the superior intelligence and
enterprise of our officers and sailors. To
show how rapidly, with reasonable encourage-
ment and protection, our commerce can be
restored, we have only to refer to the tables
which I have presented, showing the increase
of American as compared with foreign tonnage,
and to the following table showing the amount
of tonnage built each year from 1850 to I860,
inclusive:
CO00<XC«CC0'j(^00'30'C CCX'C^'^?00C CC>
cjii?"ton-'o►ft.coto1 o
WM WW frOtOCOCoCOtObOtOtO
_,0f-'tccit-'i-'00[0 0'3iow0v!i—
05 0N-^MOO<OWI- QH (iCOJ<H-T
>c .03cototococoto^c"c7 a>oascniy«cn
C'CJLOr'O Oi -4'OWOOOO!KCOtv4-
-a to to lo «-j © to-a 1 ■ —•
crs.
p
<s at
OOOCOWCOCOfrOfOrf-.tO^CiCOCOfOCOtND
I'iO'<OD'-JC£i-4C OOOb'~TC COOO>tOtD
5?
W^^COWNStOWtOfrOtOl-OtOtOtOtOtO
— J 0© CO rf-. frO GTi CO W'W W O
!—i,—tWhl
CO-"! CO CO CC*—' O CoWCC^-T ^ CO CO
CO 0C ' I-"4 CO ^ ~ I ^ Sil r? r.
owi-cCvtoptc-pioc;<C.< j— a,tc
MCO-JCob'OOOhi-CO
OVO-r— C-* 4---10 J-"1 O 4-  CO
Cnb>0>CcboCO^CJO>-;7--7OC>>£k'5 ;C;Cn
** §
£ 2
£.<5
a" n
f-l
3 §
a S
Mr. BLDPiIDGE. With the permission of
the gentleman, I would like to make an inquiry.
I understood him to say that there is nothing
in the materials of which the ship is built that
is not taxed. Now, I ask him what there is
that any laboring man in the West wears, from
the crown of his head to the sole of his feet, or
what there is that be uses, that is not taxed for
the benefit of the manufacturer ?
Mr. LYNCH. If the gentleman had listened
to my argument he would have seen that I had
already anticipated his question. W hile the late
war nearly annihilated American commerce, it
protected and stimulated the agricultural and
manufacturing interests of the country; and
to-day, with all the taxes that are placed on
these interests, they are in a more thriving con-
dition than they were before the war. And,
let me tell the gentleman further, that by the
repeal of the reciprocity treaty we have granted
still further protection to the agricultural inter-
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We have borne the taxes
which were put on in consequence of the enor-
mous expenses of the war very cheerfully; but
why should we have our taxes increased on
every article which we consume, while these
men ask to be relieved from the taxes imposed
on their shipping interest?
Mr. LYNCH. I have already answered the
gentleman's question, that those interests, not-
withstanding the taxes imposed upon them,
are, on account of the protection that was
afforded and the stimulus given to all these
branches of industry by the war, now actually
better off than they ever were before, even
when they paid 110 taxes, while the ship-build-
ing interest has been almost annihilated by
taxation imposed without any compensating
advantages, for the reason that you impose a
duty upon everything that goes into the con-,
struction of the American ship, and then com-
pel that ship to compete with the foreign-built
vessel which is entirely exempt from all duties
and taxes. There is no analogy in any other
interest in the country. I defy the gentleman
to point out any. Nowhere in the United
States are the products of the foreign agricul-
turist allowed to compete free from tax or duty
with the products of our own farmers; and thus
protected by the Government the western farm-
ers, represented by the gentleman from Wis-
consin, are enabled to bear their portion of the
burdens of supporting the Government.
Mr. ELDlllDGE. I agree that the English
ship should not be able to come alongside of
our wharves, and be free from the taxation
that our American ships have to endure. I
agree that our ships should not be subject to
this tax; but I object and protest against the
discrimination the gentleman would make in
favor of the ships and against our laboring
men.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not agree with the gen-
tleman in his free-trade notions, even it he
agrees with me on this bill. I am in favor of
protecting American labor and industry; but,
as I have said before, all the other branches
of American industry of which the gentleman
speaks are better off to-day, even after paying
the taxes, than before the war, because they
have been stimulated and protected, while this
ship-building interest is the only one which has
had no protection, either from destruction
during the war or from free competition with
these untaxed foreign ships since.
Mr. O'NEILL. Will the gentleman allow
me a question ?
Mr. LYNCH. Yes, sir.
Mr. O'NEILL. I understand him to say lie
is in favor of protecting American industry in
general. Is that so'?
Mr. LYNCH. Yes, sir.
Mr. O'NEILL. Then, sir, I ask him just
to look for one moment to the very practical
amendment offered by my colleague, [Mr.
Mokbell,] and say whether, in carrying out
his idea of protecting American industry in
general, he cannot vote for that amendment?
Mr. LYNCH. My answer to the gentle-
man is, as I have said before, that those inter-
ests are already very well protected by high
duties. It is only a very small amount of arti-
cles represented by the gentleman that go into
the construction of ships and that are proposed
to be exempted under this bill. I>ut these
gentlemen from Pennsylvania are so grasping
in this matter that, notwithstanding all the
stimulus that has been given to their interests
by the war and by a protective tariff, they are
not willing to yield to the great national ship-
building and ship-owning interests this small
pittance that it asks and that it must have in
order to live.
Mr. O'NEILL rose.
Mr. LYN CH. I decline to yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania any further.
Mr. O'NEILL. Only one word.
Mr. LYNCII. I cannot yield.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish merely to ask a
question.
Mr. LYNCH. I will answer a question.
Mr. O'NEILL. I want the gentleman Irom
i Maine to answer me a question, and it is t is.
S he speaks of the grasping of I ennsyhama
I after protection for all of her interests. _ V J,
i sir, Pennsylvania had to come here m tte
broad light of day and run her chances in a
general tariff bill, and not by injecting into a
bill, referring to soma special interests, a tew
