1868.
TEE OGN.GKESEIONAL GLOBE.
iim
as this matter from the. Committee of. Ele$L
tions, a question of privilege, is antagonizing
public business, the Chair will bft.governed by
the chairman of the Committee 0/ Elections
as to the course which the debate shall take.;
.Mr. EARNSWOIJTH. • If I understand
this ease, it is a very important one, involving
the right of this House to elect $,, member of
Congress^to declare, entitled tp. a. seat a man.
who comes here with confessedly q, very, small
proportion—one fifty or one sixth, I believe—-
of the.yotes of the district.,
. A Member. More than on# third.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. This being a- very
important question,,1 suppose we had better
(Jevote three or four days*to its discussion *, for
if. this House should decide that it may exer-
cise the prerogative of electing members,' of
Congress for the people in the various States
is well that the decision should be made
intelligently.
Mr. WOOD. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Earnswoetii] the ap-
pointment of a committee to designate the
members who shall be admitted. That would
be a short way of doing the business.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yield to the gen-
tleman from Tennesseje, [Mr. Maynard?], ■
Mr. DAWES. I believe I mqat resume the
floor. • ' , '
beacon at long beach bar.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a report
of the Light-House Board, upon the subject of
a beacob at Long Beach bar, Peconic bay;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
leave op absence,
The SPEAKER asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave, of absence after Monday nest for
Mr. Benjamin.
internal revenue assessors, etc.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] yields to me that I may
ask unanimous consent to submit the following
resolution:,.
Resolved, That the Secretary Of the Treasury be
instructed to forthwith furnish this House with copies
of all communications from .the -Commissioner of
Internal Revenue since Junel, 1867, relating to the
removal or appointment of" assessors or collectors,
and liuw many have been removed 011 tho recomr
mendationofsaid Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. LOGAN. I expected the gentleman
would object. I give notice to the House that
I will present this matter every day till I get
the resolution adopted.
'• election contest smitii vs. brown.
Itfr.DAWES. This case, Mr. Speaker, of
the claim of Mr. Smith to his seat, like the
case of Mr. Brown, is au unusual one. This,
like that case, is without precedent, but for a
very different reason. If I could be led to
believe that it was my duty, or the duty of this
House, to decide this question on the ground
suggested by my estimable friend from Indiana
[Mr. Coburn] a moment since, namely, the
personal character, the merits, and the services
of the gentleman who claims this seat, my path
would be easy and my duty would be cheerfully
performed. .For, sir, I say at once that gen-
tleman has no friend in thjsHouse who esteems
him more highly, or appreciates his services to
the country morethan ldo, or more than every
member of the Committee of Elections. But,
sir, I submit the claim he makes to this seat is
an unusual one and without precedent. It is
the first time in the history of the country
that a gentleman, with only a minority of
the votes cast in his district, claims the right to
represent that district in Congress. It has
often been the duty of the Committee of Elec-
tions, amid great difficulties, to ascertain who
had received a majority of the votes cast in a.
district in order to determine who was entitled
40tii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 75.
to the seat, but never before in the history of
the country, so far as I know, has the House
or any other legislative body been asked to
give a seat to a per.son with an acknowledged
minority of the votes cast. The actual vote
ca,st will be found on page 5 of this report,
whi,ch I flatter myself evei;y gentleman- in this
House has read} and is, as follows:
Bor Mr. Brown;:...... i   : 8,922
For. Mr. Spiith   <•/  2.S10
J?o£ Mr.,B. C. Rittei;     1,535
TI19 aiajorityi for Mr. Brown over Mr. Smith
was,-therefore,-G, 106'votes, and his majority
over all other. candidates .was in the neighbor-
hood of five thousand. This claimant, admit-
ting this state of facts, calling in question no
single vote cast, admitting, each votes to have,
been a legal vojer and to have east his vote in
all respects in conformity to law, yet bases his
claim upon % legal fiction. That fiction is
stated in his own words. He, says that it is a
conclusion of law that whel) the candidate who
has received , the highest number of votes is
ineligible, and that ineligibility was known to
those who voted for him before casting theij;
votes, that those votes thus cast for him are to
be, thrown away and treated as if never cast,
and consequently the minority candidate would
be elected, He holds thaf,, as this House, de-
cided yesterday, Mr. Brown was not entitled to
take the oath of office; that'he.w.as not eligible
to office as a member qf this House, an.d as
this ineligibility of Mr. Brown was known to
the 8,922 voters who cast their voles for him,
those vo.tes, are to be considered as a nullity,
and the canvass, is then to be made between
the 2,'816 votes cast for him aud the 1,555 cast
for Mr. Ritter find that he would, therefore,
be entitled to a seat. Sir, I have been.engaged
somewhat in this business of ascertaining, as
well as;I knew, how, who-were elected to Con-
gress ; and I must say, if; I am tired of anything,
it 'is of any pro,cess of reasoning or any- en-
deavor that has for its object, directly or indi-
rectly, or that will,in its consequence result in
circumvention of the will of the,majority in any
district in these United States. I have foujid
it necessary, Mr. Speaker, sometimes to make
up, my mind that I could not ascertain the will
of the majority in a particular precinct or in a
particular district, and I was bound, there-
fore, to set aside the vote of a precinct or the
votes of a whole district, and say.to them, "You
either have not conformed to the law in your
effort to elect,a Representative, or if you con-
formed to the Jaw you, have failed to produce
evidence of it, so I, for one, can be able to tell
what is the legal will of the district, and you
must try again."
But, sir, 1 liavo no patience myself, and I
speak for myself only, with any process of
reasoning the result of which is to circumvent
the majority. I do not mean to say that any
gentleman in advocating the claim of Mr.
Smith is disposed to take that course. I desire
to follow out the thread of. this claim and,see
whether it does not result ill that.
Mr. HARDING. Will the gentleman allow
.me a question?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARDING. I ask him if weare to
understand him as maintaining the positionthat
if a constituency shall persistently send to this
Congress a disloyal man to represent them
the gentlemau would deem it unfair to attempt
to circumvent the result of that practice.
Mr. DAWTES. Mr. Speaker, 1 have not
reached that point in the discussion yet. When
I do the gentleman shall have my views upon
it for whatever they are worth. I spent some
time yesterday in trying to demonstrate to the
House that we had a right to insist that who-
ever was elected from a district should be a
loyal man, and the House sustained me in that
position. I do not suppose that it followed
from that that we had a night to go beyond aud
select from that district some other man.
This fiction of law, Mr. Speaker, upon which
the claim of this gentleman to a seat is based,
has not originated in this country and has no
foothold- here. It originated in; tlie British
Parliament. It is a very old. fiction of law,'
and was the method by which the -ftW Parlia-
ments from the Praise God Barebones.<lo5wJn.4o
within,a few,years, were,in the habit oi',regu-
lating the majorities in that body, Ifc-waS' a
simple a,pd,easy method which' cam.&.itttpase.
in the British Parliament nearly, tsm hundred
years, ago, and has been kept up'until within a
few years. I do not know that it has been
resOrted to in that body lately, for since the
jsower of the ballot has been growing more
efficient, and reform has marched, as Macau-
lay, says, over Parliament, because it could
not, go through Parliament, there has been less
said, and there has been no attempt to substi-
tute a selection in the House of Commons for
the people of any borough or county there.
We heard Mr. Smith upon this claim, and
although the committee were divided upon the
question whether Mr. Brown was entitled to
his seat or not they were entirely unanimous
upon the question that 'it was not in their power
or in the power of this House to substitute in
his place a man who had received only a mi-
nority of the votes. The gentleman brought
before the committee very many cases from
the British Parliament and the British courts
in olden time wherein this, doctrine which he
maintains is kid down and acted upon, com-
ing down to a period more or less late. I am
not disposed to'^ontrovertthe existence of the
rule in Great Britain precisely as he has stated
it down to about twenty years ago, namely,
that when a man was voted for who was known
to the voters at the time to be ineligible to the
office the votes were thrown away and the
minority candidate installed in his place. They
carried the doctrine in extreme party times to
great lengths ; they carried it beyond what
this claimant, asks, us in this case.
In the- case of Wilkes, for the offense of a
libel, he was expelled from the Lfouse of Com-
mons and then returned time after time until
that body, as this House did- yesterday,, by a
vote .excluded him- from it, and attached to
theii vote a declaration, of his ineligibility, to
the office. He then went before the people
of his county and they returned! him as before
with a very, large majority, and the House of
Commons substituted in his place a man who
had, not received a tithe of the votes' which
were cast at the election. That was. the ex-
tremity to which they had gone, and it so
shook the Parliament of Great Britain and the
people that in a very short time the Parlia-
ment itself, by a solemn vole, rescinded- the.
whole proceeding and restored this man to his
place in that body. Since then there has been
no instance in the British Parliament where a
man has been put into a seat by a minority of
the votes cast simply upon a resolution ot the
Commons itself.
There were in the English courts of law, fol-
lowing the rulelaid down by Parliament, sev-
eral instances in which they did install in office
men who received ft minority of votes; but in
this country, so far as I am aware and so far
as my investigation has led me and the com-
mittee, there is no case in any legislative body
where that rule has been adopted. I may he
mistaken. Since, the report of the committee
in this case, in which it is stated that there .was
110 case and none was claimed before the com-
mittee, it. has been ascertained that nearly sev-
enty years ago, in one of the counties of Mary-
land, before a court in that county, it was
decided that a sheriff was elected upon this
principle. And later on. some ten _ fifteen
years ago, it was decided by a court in Indiana
that a sheriff in a county, in Indiana, wa.3 elected
upon this principle.' So for as. I know
courts of law in this country have followed
the example in England to that extent and no
further. There, have been, however, other
cases in the country in which judgment has
beep rendered in direct opposition to these
cases. I have before me a judgment rendered
in 1S32 in the State of Georgia, in which Chief
Justice Lumpkin, who was a very distinguished
