1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4257
But I would ask this House to reflect that you
can pass scarcely any public measure that does
not benefit private interests. If you pass a
laud-grant railroad bill you benefit the private
property all along the line of that road. If
you make an appropriation to improve a harbor
you benefit the shipowners doing business in
those harbors as well as the towns upon its
shores.
A question has been asked as to precedents.
I would say to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scofield] that on page 573 of the
acts ot I860 and 18G7 will be found an abso-
lute grant of land to Kansas to build a bridge
over the Republican river. And I hold in my
hand a list of grants of lands to canals, wagon-
roads, and of all manner of measures of that
sort.
I say again, in conclusion, that my State
asks lor this grant; the united delegation from
my State asks for it. And I do say that the
members of this House, in a matter of doubt,
ought to follow the disposition and desires of
those who represent the community, and who
are answerable to that community.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would be
glad if the gentleman would inform the House
whether this is of sufficient public importance
to justify this graut upon the ground that it
would preserve the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river, irrespective of the interests of pri-
vate mill-owners?
Mr. DONNELLY. I am glad the gentle-
man has asked the question. It is of the
utmost importance to the people of that sec-
tion of the State. If the mill-owners were too
poor or too illiberal to save the falls, and if
that natural dam were to be swept away, the
entire community would suffer. The railroads
concentrating there would lind their business
extinguished, and the people of those cities
would have to disperse, i now call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. OAKY. I renew the motion that the
report be laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
'l'he yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 72, not voting
05 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell, Baker,
Baldwin, Barnes, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Benton,
Boyer,Bromwell, Brooks,Broomall,Buekland, Gary,
Coburn, Delano, Eggleston, Eldridge, Ferriss, Fields,
Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, (Jrover, Haight,
Hawkins, Holman, Ilotehkiss. Hulburd, Thomas L.
Jones, Kelsey, Kerr, Kctcham, Knott, Koontz, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Marshal l,Ma.ynard,McCullough,
Mercur, Moore, Mullins, Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn,
Paine, Phelps, Pike, Polsley, Randall, Robertson,
Ross, iSeotickl, Sit^reaves,Taylor,Thomas, Lawrence
S. Tl imbic, Van Auken. Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Vidal, Ward, EUhu B. Washburne, William B.
Washburn, Welker, John T. Wilson, Stephen 1.
Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—73.
nays—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Axtcll, Bailey,
Banks, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Boutwell, Boyden,
Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Lckley, Eliot, Farnsworth. French, Goss, Gravely,
Hamilton, ileaton, Higby.Hmds, Hooper, Hopkins,
Chester I). Hubbard, Ingersoll, J enekes, Alexander
H. Jones, Judd, Kelley, L.lllin, Loan, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Mallory, McCarthy. McClurg, Mclvoe,
Miller, Mooriiead, Morreil, Myers, O'Neill, Perham,
Pile, Plants, Pomeroy, Sawyer, Schenek, Smith,
Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Taffe, Twichell,
Upson, Van Aernam, Henry D. Washburn, Whitte-
more, Thomas Williams, William Williams, Win-
dom, and Woodbridge—72.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Barnum, Beaman, Blackburn,
Blame, Bowen, Burr, Benjamin Butler, Chanler,
Sidney Clarke, Cornell, Oovode, Dawes, Dcwccsc,
jDockery, Dodge, Ela, Ferry, Finney, Garfield,Gris-
wold, Halsey, Harding, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Itichard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson,
Julian, Kitchen, Lash, George V.Lawrence, Mann,
Marvin, McOormick, Morrissey, Mungen, Newcomb,
N ewsham, Orth, Peters, Poland, Price, Pruyn, Raum,
Robinson, Roots, Selye, Shanks,Sheltabarger, Stark-
weather. Aaron F. Stevens. Stewart, Stone, Sypher,
Taber, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Robert T. Van
Horn, Van Truinp,_ Cadwalader C. Washburn, and
James F. Wilson—')'j.
So the report of the committee of confer-
ence was laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid ou the table.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask the gentleman
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 267.
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] to withdraw that
motion. The original bill as passed by the
House is conceded by all to have been a just
measure, and 
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table the motion to reconsider is not debatable.
Mr. DONNELLY. I demand the yeas and
nays. It is not fair to slaughter the whole bill
in this way.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have, I believe, voted
against this bill persistently throughout; but I
hope that now, by general consent all round,
the bill will be allowed to become a law in the
shape in which it was originally passed by the
House.
Mr. DONNELLY. I shall be perfectly
satisfied if that shall be done.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PILE. I rise to a parliamentary ques-
tion. If this motion to lay on the table should
not prevail, would it not then be in order to
reconsider the vote by which the report was
laid on the table to non-concur in that report
and ask another conference ?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to recon-
sider should not be laid on the table, the next
question will be on reconsidering the vote by
which the report of the committee of confer-
ence was laid on the table.
Mr. DONNELLY. I desire to say that I
am perfectly willing the amendment shall be
receded from and the bill passed in its original
form, as the vote of the House on two occa-
sions has demonstrated that it will not accept
the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to debate.
Mr. MAYNABD. 1 desire to ask a parlia-
mentary question.
The SPEAKER. A parliamentary question
is in the nature of debate, and the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] persists in his
objection to debate.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Holman, to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the report of the
committee of conference was laid 011 the table ;
and it was decided in the negative—yeas (JO,
nays 78, not voting 72; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Baker. Baldwin,
Barnes,Beatty, Benjamin,Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks,
Buekland, Cary, Delano, Eggleston. Eldridge, Fer-
riss, Eox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover,
Haight, Hawkins, Hill, Holman. Ilotehkiss, Thomas
L.Jones, Kelsey. Kerr, Knott. Lasli. William Law-
rence, McCullough, Mercur, Moore, Mullins, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Nunn, Phelps, Polsley, Randall,
Robertson, Ross, Scotield, Sitgreaves, Stone, Taber,
Thomas, Lawrence S. Trim bio. Van Auken, Robert
T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Elibu B. Wash-
burne, Welker, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Wood, and Woodward—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson,Delos R.Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Bailey, Banks, Benton. Bingham, Blair,
Boles, Boutwell, Boyden, Roderiok R. Butler, Cake,
Reader W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Dawes,
Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eliot, Farnsworth, Iields,
French, Goss, Hamilton, Ileaton, Higby, Hinds,
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester 1). Hubbard, Hulburd,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander 11.
O'JSeill, Paine, Perham. Pike, Pile, Plants, Pomeroy,
Raum, Sawyer, Schenclc, Shanks, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor Trowbridge.
Twichell. Van Aernam Vidal, Henry D. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, and Windom—78.
NOT VOTING —Messis. Allison, Ames, Arnell,
Axtell, Barnum, Beaman, Beck. Blackourn, Blaine,
"Hawov, TCrnom:,!! Rnrr.BeniaminF.Butler.Chanler,
Garfield,Gravely, Gnswold, Halsey, Harding, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Ju-
lian, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Geoige V. Lawrence,
Mallory, Mann, Marshall, Marvin, McCormick.
Morrissey, Mungen, Newcomb, Newsham, Orth,
Peters, Poland, Price, Pruyn, Robinson, Roots, belye,
Shellabarger, Aaron E. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
j Stewart, Sypher, John Trimble, Upson, Burt v an
Horn, Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wil-
I liam B. Washburn, Whittemore, W llham Williams,
1 James F. Wilson, and Woodbridge 72.
| So the motion to reconsider was not laid on
| the table.
| The SPEAKER. _ The Chair will consider
1 the motion to reconsider as having been agreed
to if there is no objection.
There was 110 objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The question again recurs
on the motion to lay the report upon the table.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, Twill say,
if the motion to lay upon the table does not
prevail, I will ask the House to non-concur in
the reportand another committee of conference
be appointed with a vieiv to have the Senate
amendment receded from by the Senate.
The motion to lay upon the table was dis-
agreed to.
The question next recurred on the adoption
of the conference report.
Mr. ROSS. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Minnesota has called for the previous question;
but the Chair will state that it is not usual to
refer a conference report to a committee.
Mr. ROSS. Is it not in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order while
the previous question is pending. If the pre-
vious question be not seconded the Chair will
hold the motion is in order, although he does
not recollect any such case.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
50, noes 49.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be now
put.
The conference report was again read.
Mr. ROSS. Read the amendment of the
Senate.
The SPEAKER. It will be read, although
the gentleman has not the right to have it read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add tho following as an additional section :
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That there be,
and hereby is, granted to the State of Minnesota
the further quantity of one hundred thousand acres
of public lands, subject to tho same restrictions as to
selection and sale a3 are hereinbefore named, tho
proceeds whereof shall be used in making such im-
provements in the Mississippi river at the Falls of
St. Anthony as may be deemed necessary by tho
Legislature of said State to protect and secure the
existing navigation immediately above said tails.
Mr. WELKER. If the report of the com-
mittee of conference be rejected does not the
whole matter go to another conference com-
mittee ?
Mr. DONNELLY. I intend to move such
a committee of conference.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is the agreement.
Mr. WELKER. I do not know anything
about any agreement.
Mr. ROSS. Is it in order to move to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The bill is before the
House, and a motion to lay it upon the table is
in order.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the Senate amend-
ment be laid upon the table.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope nay friend from
Illinois will withdraw his motion. I have stood
up with him on this question.
Mr. ROSS. If the Senate amendment be
rejected it will still leave a grant of two hun-
dred thousand acres.
Mr. DONNELLY. It is my understanding
if another conference committee is appointed,
so far as my vote can control it, to have the
Senate amendment receded from and the bill
passed as it stood originally.
Mr. ROSS. Will not that still grant two
hundred thousand acres?
Mr. DONNELLY. It will; and I under-
stand there is little objection to it.
Mr. ROSS. There is objection ou this side.
I insist 011 my motion to lay it upon the table,
and on that motion I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 57, nays 81, not voting
72 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Baker, Baldwin,
Barnes, Beatty, Beck, Boyer, Bromwell,. Brooks,
Brooinall, Buekland, Oary, Eggleston, Ferris>:, i' ,
Getz, Glossbrenner. Golladay, Grover, HoijW. m-
ilton, Hawkins,Hill, Holman,
Jones, Kelsey, Kerr, Knott, Lash, Wnlui Mul-
rence, Marshall, McUuflough. Mercut", M •
: Hub. Niblack, Nicholson. Kuim,
! Randall, Robertson, Itoss.>,0.fce% ®'tgi Vidal!
' Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble. Van Auken, vwai,
