3234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
lines to do away with protective duties on
many imported articles.
Mr. LYNCH. My answer to the gentleman
is this: when the provisions of the drawback
section of this bill were incorporated into the
tariff bill in the last Congress and passed the
Senate, these gentlemen from Pennsylvania
came forward and demanded that it should be
struck out. It was, in the Committee of Ways
and Means, stricken out of that bill because of
their opposition, and that is the reason why we
are now obliged to bring itin by a special bill.
It is because wo cannot get in the general legis-
lation the protection wc need, on account of the
gentleman and those who act with him.
Mr. O'NEILL rose.
Mr. LYNCH. I decline to yield further.
Now, I wish to say a word in reference to
another Pennsylvania interest which came here
when we had a reciprocity treaty, which al-
lowed us to bring coal from Nova Scotia free
of duty. But a small quantity of that coal
the statistics proved ever found a market west
of New York, while but a very small quantity
of the bituminous coal of Pennsylvania ever
went east of New York. Yet, sir, these gen-
tlemen come here and insisted that coal should
have a high ra'e of duty put upon it, when
it afforded no protection to them, because this
Nova Scotia coal found its market principally
east of New York and all the bituminous coal
of Pennsylvania soulli of New York; so that
they did not come into competition. Y'et
they came here and had a tax put upon that
Nova Scotia coal, taxing New England manu-
facturers without deiiving any advantage by
way of protection to their bituminous coal.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let mo resume the course
of my argument and recall attention to the
table which I introduced just before 1 was
interrupted by the gentleman from Wisconsin.
A careful examination of that table will show
that although we built nearly as much ton-
nage in some years during the war as before,
it was mostly of a class suited to the internal
navigation of the country, schooners, sloops,
canal boats, and steamers, while the tonnage
of the class suited to our sea-coast and foreign
commerce, ships, barks, and brigs, built in
that period, was comparatively small.
Now, sir, in order to restore our commerce
we have to do something more than to lift
from it the burdens which the war left imposed
upon it. This interest has been crushed. It
must be revived. Before the war it had no
protection, enjoyed no exemption, and yet it
grow and flourished. Revive it, build it up,
place iton something like an equal footing with
its foreign competitor, and it will again grow
and flourish, increasing the wealth and power of
the nation.
We are told by some that we should repeal
our navigation laws, and buy instead of build-
ing our ships. The nation that builds ships
owns them. If England builds our ships she
will own lhem as she now owns nearly all the
ocean steamers that do our carrying trade.
But why should we buy ships when we have
such facilities for building them that we can,
as experience has proved, compete successfully
with Great Britain and every other foreign
nation in the carrying trade of the world. Are
gentlemen willing to say to the American ship-
builder, "You must pay an import duty on all
the raw materials that enter into the construe
tion of your ships, and build them with taxed
labor, while the same materials, after having
been wrought up into a ship in a foreign coun-
try, with foreign labor, may bo admitted duty
free." Do gentlemen seriously propose this
discrimination against American labor and
American capital? Great Britain allows her
citizens to purchase and register foreign-built
vessels; but she adopted that policy only after
she had made her navigation interest strong
by protecting it and relieving it of every burden
of taxation. While she admits Ihefree import-
ation and registry of foreign ships, she admits
free of duty every article which enters into the
construction of her own ships. Give the Amer-
ican ship-builder ten years of such protection
as the English ship-builder has enjoyed, and
you may then admit foreign ships to American
registry free, and he will not only protect him-
self but will drive the foreign ship-builder out
of his own market.
I wish to say a word in reply to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] who asked
if the introduction of steam navigation did not
account for the falling off of our tonnage;
this falling off being in consequence of the
greater capacity and speed of steamers over
sailing vessels. Does not the gentleman know
that the whole ocean steam navigation is in the
hands of foreigners? We have not a single
line of steamships running in or out of an
American port to or from any foreign port.
Mr. RANDALL. Iiow does the gentleman
propose to correct that?
Mr. LYrNCH. By the passage of this bill
as one of the measures, and I hope I shall
have the gentleman's vote in its favor.
I am informed by a gentleman near me that
there is a line of steamers running out of Balti-
more. Those steamers were built abroad and
sail not under the stars and stripes but under
the union-jack.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Thereis
a line from California to Japan.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman says that there
is a lino from California to China and Japan.
That may be the case. I think there is such
a line, sustained by a large Government sub-
sidy ; but the gentleman very well knows that
tlieie was an attempted line from Boston to
Liverpool, and that those vessels after two or
three trips have come under the auctioneer's
hammer, because they could not be sustained,
being high-priced ships, with high-priced labor
and high-priced provisions, while to their
English competitors those ai tides have been
free.
Mr. Speaker, a few days since there stood at
the bar of this House the embassy of one of the
oldest and most populous nations of the world.
The chief and spokesman of that embassy
claimed for the people of that nation the virtues
of temperance, frugality, and industry, and a
high cultivation and scientific attainments, and
boasted that it could command the services of
eighty million fighting men. And yet, sir, that
great nation, great in its internal resources, in
the extent of its territory, and in population, is
scarcely a recognized Power among the nations
of the world. While that nation from which we
derive our origin, that little sea-girt isle which
makes but a dot on the map of the world, with
a commerce whitening every sea, has planted
her flag in every quarter of the globe and laid
the world under contribution to her aggran-
dizement.
Sir, the commercial greatness of England is
the result of no lucky accident, but of saga-
cious statesmanship and wise legislation. The
historian attributes it to the navigation laws
passed by Cromwell's Parliament more than
two centuries ago. May the future historian,
be able to comment upon the commercial great-
ness, commercial supremacy, of our own coun-
try two centuries hence, and trace the source
of that greatness, in part at least, back to the
wise legislation of this Fortieth Congress, which
has by its enemies been likened to that long
Parliament of Cromwell.
I yield now to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I do not in-
tend to say anything here upon the subject of
the taiiff upon copper or iion, but I shall ask
the attention of the House, in the first place,
to the necessity of protecting the shipping and
commerce of the country. There are three
great, prominent interests in all countries:
commerce, agriculture, and manufacturing.
Without dwelling upon which is the first of
them, or attempting to classify them, it is ad-
mitted upon all sides that these are the three
great interests ; and although our agriculture
and our manufacturing are in a high degree
of prosperity, yet it is a fact that there is not
now crossing the ocean under the American
Hag a single steamer, unless it be asmall-and
ragged line running occasionally from the city
of New York, and an American line running
from California to China and Japan, create
and protected solely by the generosity ot Una
Congress and sustained by a large bounty from
the Government, without which it would be
unable for a single hour to sustain our flag
upon the ocean against the competition ot
France or of England.
Throughout all time and m all countries and
in all periods of the world it has been the
ambition of every nation first to protect its nag
and to protect its commerce. Unless a nation
is strong upon the sea, unless she presents a
bold exterior front to all foreign nations, un-
less her harbors and rivers are protected by
her navy, unless her flag floats in triumph over
the ocean, no matter what may be her power
on land—even though she have eighty million
men in arms like China—yet she is a weak
and powerless nation if she be without a wide
and well protected commerce on the seas.
This, as has been said by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Lyxcii,] is the history of the
British nation. It rose from an insignificant
Power occupying a little island in the ocean,
without authority or dominion, to the conquer-
ing and subjugation almost of the whole world
to its flag. It first rose from that insignificance
purely and solely by the influence of its navi-
gation laws. Those laws monopolized for
English commerce its coastwise trade and
forced its manufactuTes, its imports, and its
exports into its own bottoms under its own flag.
Those wise laws of Cromwell were maintained
and defended throughout all time till Britain
obtained the mastery of the.seas by which she
achieved her power.
And hitherto it has been our policy in this
country, in like manner, to protect our flag.
For that purpose we have secured to our com-
merce, against all foreign intervention, the
whole coastwise trade of this country. No
vessel under the British, French, or Danish
flag can leave New York and go around Cape
Horn to California or anywhere on the Pacific
coast. There is no interference in that trade
on the part of foreigners, because, in imitation
of the laws of England, we have preserved to
our own people the control and domination of
our own coast trade under our own flag. For
this purpose we have erected light-houses along
our coasts and given bounties to our sailors.
For this purpose, for the protection of our fish-
eries mainly as a nursery for seamen, we have
once, if not twice, gone to war with the strong-
est Power in the world.
But we have now arrived at a new period in
our history. We are now unable to compete
with foreigners hardly out of sight of our own
harbors, except as we have the monopolizing
protection of our own coastwise laws. No
American flag over an American steamer can
now float upon the ocean, unless protected by
an American bounty, in competition with steam-
ers under British or French flags. It is a
morlifying spectacle, to be daily and hourly
witnessed in New York, of the flags of Eng-
land, France, and the nations of the north of
Europe floating over ships that bring our own
people and our own commerce and trade from
abroad to our own ports, while they are reap-
ing all the profits of that carrving trade.
Mr. H1GB1. Will the gentleman say how
he wopld help that; whether by subsidies, or
by taking the tarifl duties off these articles?
Mr. BllOOKb. I will reach that presently.
Mr. LLDIUDGB. If the gentleman will
allow me, I would like to ask him why it is that
the English are able to build ships so much
cheaper than we can?
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman is roguish
I ana mischievous, and wants to involve me in
; a discussion of the tariff question. I will not
i answer him just now.
; The system of drawbacks proposed by this
Lull is nothing new m the history of our cora-
j roerce. The manufacturers of New England
1 now have on their cotton goods exported iusfc
i what the ship-builders of Maine are asking,
I a drawback upon those articles upoa which
