1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
equally untutored white man of the South,
■who have been trained alike to habits of obe-
dience and reverence under that aristocratic
rule'! If they can be deterred from voting now
by menaces of injury, what will be their condi-
tion when the arm of the Federal Government
shall be withdrawn ? and what will be ours with
that power once more securely enthroned at
the Capitol? I shudder at the risks which all
this involves, and cannot consent to be a party
to any measure that invites them.
It is said, however, that all this is but con-
ditioned upon the ratification of the constitu-
tional amendment by the Legislature lately
elected—the stipulation that the Constitution
shall never be so amended as to deprive any
citizen or class now entitled of the right to
vote, or to allow anybody excluded by the four-
teenth article—and the reservationof the power
here to annul any amendments or enactments
made in violation of these conditions.
Without inquiring whether an arttecedent
ratification is such a one as the Constitution re-
quires in case the amendment in question is not
already a part of that instrument—as 1 think it
is—it is only necessary to say that the reserva-
tion is an idle one. Is there any way of enforc-
ing it? If there be, what is it ? Is the defaulting
State to be expelled, oris its law to be nullified
by legislation here? Where will gentlemen lind
the power to do either? Does it rest 011 the
contract or the Constitution ? If on the former,
how is that to confer on (Jongress a jurisdic-
tion which the Constitution does not give, or
to take away from the States a power that is
expressly reserved to the States respectively
and to the people? I have no faith in such
stipulations. They confess a condition of
things which is not yet ripe for uncondi-
tional restoration. I do not choose to antici-
pate by taking such a risk. I prefer to wait
until all is at least apparently safe. There
will be danger enough even then. It is no
easy task to construct a friendly republican
Stale, with a hostile element so formidable to
be dealt with and provided for. He is but an
apprentice in political science who thinks it
can be done either in a hurry, or without the
cooperation of a clear majority of the people.
No good thing, no instrument certainly of a
structure so delicate or complex as the organ-
ism of a State, was ever perfected in a hurry.
We can afford to wait I warn gentlemen that
We cannot afford to commit an error.
Mr. BINGH AM. Mr. Speaker, 1 can scarcely
hope, in the short time that is left to me, to
answer all that has been suggested on this side
of the House and also upon that side of the
House against the bill which was reported by
the Committee on Reconstruction. The bill
as originally ordered to be reported by the
committee is as follows:
A bill to admit trio State of Alabama to representa-
tion in Congress.
Whereas the people of Alabama, in pursuance of
the provisions of ail act of Congress entitled "An
act for tlio more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2,1867, and t.he acts supple-
mentary thereto,have framed aconstiUitionofState
governmeutwhiehisrepublieanintorm; and whereas
at an election commencing on the 4th day of Feb-
ruary, A. D. 1868, a large majority of the legal voters
of said State, voting at said election, voted for the
adoption of said constitution: Therefore,
Be it enacted bu the Semite, and Ilouxeof Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That thesaid StateofAlabamashall be entitled
to representation in Congress as soon as the Legisla-
ture of said Stale, the members of which were elected
at. the election mentioned in the preamble of thisaet,
shall have duly ratified the amendment to the Con-
stitution-el theUnitedSfatesproposcd by the Thirty-
mill Congress and known as article fourteen.
Sep. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the doty of the commanding general of the military
district in which Alabama is included to notify the
members of the Legislature of said State, chosen at
the election held in February, 1868, to assemble at
the capital of said State within thirty days after the
parage of this act.
1 desire to assure the House, in the outset,
that I do not stand here to-day wedded to any
special form of restoration. The records of
this House will bear witness that I have sur-
rendered before, as I surrender to-day touch-
ing this matter, measures which I thought
essential to the prosperity of all the people of
this country in this work of reconstruction.
The bill as originally reported by the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction is not the bill which
I had the honor to refer to it. But I assented
to their bill as originally reported and above
set forth, and am willing to stand by it, acting
in this matter upon the principle which has
always governed my action, a principle that
statesmen cannot well afford to ignore ; that if
you cannot obtain what you would obtain, then
you should take what you can get.
The great point is the restoration of the
State ; it concerns all the people of this coun-
try. We are pledged, so far as we have the
control over this question, to interpose no
obstruction to restoration. We have hereto-
fore gone to the people upon that issue, and
they expect us to keep faith with them. The
interest of all the people of this country, out-
side of as well as within the territorial limits
of Alabama, are involved in this question of
the speedy restoration of the State to its proper
relations to the other States of this Union.
Now, the gentlemen on the Democratic side
of the House have an account to settle with the
people, because they have heretofore attempted
to secure such legislation as would work against
reconstruction and prevent these States from
being speedily restored to their proper rela-
tions in the Union. There stands the. record to
bear witness of the truth of that which I aver.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
ridgis] stands here to denounce me to-day
for advocating the restoration of a State under
the operation and limitations of existing law,
when the record bears witness that in spite of
every effort of mine to the contrary the gen-
tleman and his party, with one honorable ex-
ception, united with the minority on our side
to interpose these very obstacles and by law
place these very fetters on the action of the
people. More than once, standing in my place
heie, fettered and restrained by the combined
opposition of a minority of my own side of the
Iiouse and a solid vote on the other side, I
insisted that every resident citizen of the Uni-
ted States, beinga male peison over twenty-one
years of age. should, without regard to his past
conduct, be permitted to vote on this question
of reorganization and restoration. Twice over
I was sustained in that position by the Senate ;
twice I was sustained in that position by a vote
of this House ; but at last I was defeated by a
minority of Republicans with the united vote
of the representatives of the Democracy. Now,
gentlemen who assisted in getting up this con-
dition of things come here and undertake to
denounce me and those who act with me for the
results of their own handiwork.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not intend to de-
nounce the gentleman.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire now to say to the
House that the first two sections of this bill
with the preamble did receive the support of
a majority of the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, and were ordered to be reported to this
House. I desire to say further, that the third
section of this bill, as it stands printed, never
did receive the support of a majority of the
Committee on Reconstruction. The commit-
tee was called together after the bill had been
agreed upon, and  
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I suppose the gentleman
does not mean to say that the third section was
not considered and adopted by a majority of a
quorum at a regular meeting of the committee,
called upon due notice?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir. I was just stat-
ing, when the gentleman interrupted me, that
after the committee had ordered this bill to be
reported without this third section, the com-
mittee was called together again, and by a mi-
nority only, as I am advised, by but four votes
of the committee, was the third section ordered
to be reported to the House. I have moved
to strike it out for that reason, that it never
received the support of the majority of the
committee; for the further reason that it 13 in
direct contravention of the pledged faith of
the majority of this House in its past legisla-
tion—faith pledged to the people of Alabama
as well as to the people of the other unrecon-
structed States. It, in other words, imposes
conditions which were not imposed upon them
by the previous, existing legislation of Con-
gress. I think myself that too many conditions
have been imposed hitherto. I am opposed to
laying upon them any further conditions. For
that reason I ask that this third section may be
stricken out; and in order that I may be more
fully understood by the House let me read the
language of the section:
That said State of Alabama shall bo entitled to
representation in Congress and recognized as a State
of the Union upon the following conditions: that the
constitution of Alabama shall never be so amended
or changed as todeprivd any citizen or any class cf
citizens of the United Stated of the right to vote,
who are entitled to vote by the constitution herein
recognized.
Now, sir, I oppose this, because, as I have
already said, there is nothing in your statute-
laws that authorizes the adoption of any such
condition. I oppose it for the further reason
that there is nothing in the Constitution of the
country that authorizes it. I say, in the words
of Washington, that the basis of the whole
American system is the right of the people to
alter and to amend their constitutions of gov- •
eminent at pleasure, subject always to the lim-
itations and restrictions of the Constitution of
the United States. Why, sir, take this third
section literally as it stands, and it results that
a man, for any future bad conduct, in violation
of the laws of the State and the country, in
violation of the private rights of his fellow-
citizens, could not, by the act of the people of
the State, be disfranchised, because, forsooth,
you choose to put into a law as a fundamental
condition of the restoration of the State, the
woi ds, ''that the constitution of Alabama shall
never be so amended or changed as to deprive
any citizen or any class of citizens of the Uni-
ted States of the right to vote who are entitled
to vote by the constitution herein recognized."
Sir, the American system of government is a
total failure if the people cannot be intrusted
with the right of altering and amending their
constitutions of government at their pleasure,
subject to the general limitations of the Fed-
eral Constitution.
Besides, sir, it is a departure from all your
previously enacted legislation on the subject
of reconstruction. There is not a word of the
sort in any of your acts.
But the third section contains the further
provision that the constitution of the State
shall never be "so amended or changed as to
allow any person to vote who is excluded from
office by the third section of the fourteenth
article of the amendment to the Constitution of
the LTnited States until the disabilities im-
posed by said scction shall have been removed
in the manner therein provided.''
It seems to me. Mr. Speaker, I am justified
in saying to the House and the country there
is no colorable excuse for attempting to ingraft
such an act as this upon the statute-book of
the United States.
Why. sir, this Congress is concluded on that
question, and the Thirty-Ninth Congress as
well. When I speak of this Congress and the
Thirty-Ninth Congress I recognize the majority
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress who voted for
the fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution as now present. They then eon-
ceded. sir, that to place a limitation of this
sort upon reconstructed or unreconstructed
States it was needful it should be authorized
by an amendment to the Constitution of the
country; and when the fourteenth article of
amendment was reported to the House from
the Committee on Reconstruction it contained
a limitation that persons who participated in the
rebellion should not vote for Representatives in
Congress or presidential electors until after the
year 1870. Where was the need of this limita-
tion then, for a period of three years, by way
