1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4259
that one would be more palpably unconstitu-
tional and revolutionary than the other. Both
would rest upon the radical error that Congress
has the power to prescribe terms and conditions
to the right of the people of the States to cast
their votes for President and Vice President.
For the reasons thus indicated, I am con-
strained to return the joint resolution to the
Senate for such further action thereon as Con-
gress may deem necessary.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, July 20, 18g8.
The SPEAKER. The question under the
Constitution is, Will the House, on reconsider-
ation, agree to the passage of this joint resolu-
tion ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would suggest to the
gentleman that perhaps it would be edifying
to the gentlemen on the other side if he would
explain the reference in the message to the
rebellion in New York.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I suppose that part of
the message is entirely understood, so that it
is unnecessary for me to explain it.
Mr. WOOL). We did not hear the gentle-
man's remark on this side.
Mr. BROOKS. If the gentleman will per-
mit me I will tell him what it means. It refers
to Wendell Phillips, Theodore Tilton, Iienry
Ward Beecher, and others of that sort.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman is mis-
taken. I have no doubt the message refers to
those persons in New York city who, in Jul}',
18G3, went into a little rebellion.
Mr. BROOKS. He refers to those who
have been in rebellion for ten or twenty years.
ilr. ELDRIDGE. To those who bade the
" erring sisters go in peace."
Mr. KERR. To Mr. Greeley, of the New
York Tiibune.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The, question v.as taken: and there were—
yeas 13-i, nays 30, not voting-10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arncll,
Delos K. Ashley. Jjiim'sm. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin,
Banks, Beatty. Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Black-
burn, Blair, Boles, Boutwell, Bowen, Broimvell,
Broomall, Buckland, Roderick It. Butler, Cake,
Churchill, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook. Covode, Culiom, Ditwes, Delano,
Dixon, Donnelly, Diiggs. Eeklcy, Egglcston, Jila,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss. Feriy, Fields, Fiench,
Garfield, Goss, Griswold, Hamilton, Heaton, Migby,
Hill, Hinds, Hooper, Hopkins. Chester D. Hubbard,
Huiburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jcnckes, Alexander II.
Jones, Jadd, Kelley, ICelsey, Ketchiim, Koontz, Ly I'-
ll n, Lash, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
LouKhridge, Lynch, Maltory, Maynurd, McCarthy,
MeClurg, McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moor-
head, Morrell, Mullins, Myers, Nunn. O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Perliam, Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland,
Polsley,Pomeroy,Raum,Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scoflold, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Sypher, Taffe,
Taylor, Thomas. Trowbridge, Twicliell. Upson, Van
Acrnam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Vidal. Ward,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William
li. Washburn, Welkcr, "Whittcmore. Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John T.
Wil-.on, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—134.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell. Barnes,
Beck, Boyden, Boyer, Brooks, Cary, Eldridge, Fox,
ixetz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Haight, llol-
man, Hotehkiss. Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Knott, Marshall, McCuIlough, Niblack, Nicholson,
J helps, Randall, ltoss, Sitgreavcs, Stone, Taber,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Wood, and Wood-
ward—38.
NOT VOTING-^Messrs.Baker, Bnrnum, Bcaman,
Blaine, Burr, Lenja,min F. Butler, Chanler, Cornell,
Deweese. Dockpry. Dodge, Finney, Gravely, Halsey,
Harding, Hawkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Julian, Kitchen, George V.
Lawicnee, Mann, Marvin, MeCormiok. Morrissey,
Mungen, Aewcomb, Newshain, Price, Pruyn, Rob-
inson, Roots, Selyc, Shellabarger, Aaron F.Stevens,
John Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump,
and Cadwalader C. Washburn—40.
The SPEAKER. On the question, i£Will
the House, on reconsideration, agree to the
passage of the joint resolution the yeas are
134, and the nays 30. Two thirds having voted
in the affirmative, and it having been certified
from the Senate of the United States that upon
a similar vote upon reconsideration two thirds
of that body have agreed to the passage of the
joint resolution, I do, by the authority of the
Constitution of the United States, declare that
the joint resolution excluding from the Elect-
oral College votes of States lately in rebellion
which shall not have been reorganized has
become a law notwithstanding the objections
of the President.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I rise to a privileged
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE,^ of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from New York to yield to me for
the purpose of moving to take from the Speak-
er's table the amendments of the Senate to the
deficiency bill for the purpose of non-concur-
ring in them and asking a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman allow me to move a suspension of
the rules?
Mr. POMEROY. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, that the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (IT. R. No.
1341) making appropriations and to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 00, 1868, and for other purposes, be taken
from the Speaker's table, that the amendments
be non-concurred in, and a conference asked
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The question was taken ; and two thirds
voting in favor thereof, the rules were sus-
pended, and the motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the motion was
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. WASHismxE
of Illinois, Mr. Kei.sey, and Mr. Woodward
managers of the conference on the part of the
House.
amendment of postal laws.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. AVill tlie gentleman
from New York yield to me to have another
bill taken up for the same purpose?
Mr. POMEROY. Is it an appropriation
bill?
Mr. EARNS WORTH. It is the bill amend-
ing the postal laws.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill
that makes a new office ?
Mr. FARNSWORTII. That is what we
want to non-concur in.
Mr. POMEROY. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
select committee on ventilation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces the
following select committee ordered thismorn-
ing:
<S'elect Committee on YentilatioJi of the House
—Stephen Taker, of New York ; Geougc S.
Botjtwell, of Massachusetts; John Covode,
of Pennsylvania; Columbus Delano, of Ohio;
and Nathaniel Boyden, of North Carolina.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Ben-
jamin on account of the sickness of his wife.
vacancies in executive departments.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes ot the two Houses oil the amendments to the
bill (S. No. 352) to authorize the temporary supply-
ing of vacancies in the Executive Departments, hatf-
ing met, attcrfull and free conference have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the Houserecede from its disagreement to the
first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendments: strike out
the word " and," in line three of said amendment,
and insert after the word " second," in the same line,
the words "and third;" and the Senate asjiee to the
same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the third amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same, with an amendment as follows: after the word
"upon/' in said amendment, strike out all to the end
of the amendment, and insert in lieu the following
words: "the examiner-in-chief in said office oldest
in length of commission;" and the Senate agree to
tko same. THEODORE M. POMEROY,
WILLIAM LAWRENCE.
Managers on the part of the House.
ROSCOE CONKLING,
WILLIAM M. STEWART,
Managers on the part of the fcSenoAe.
Mr. POMEROY. As this is the report of
the second committee of conference on this
hill, I beg the attention of the House for a very
few moments to state precisely the points of
difference between the different committees of
conference. By the law of 18S6 establishing
the Patent Office as a bureau of the State
Department it was provided that the principal
officer of the Patent Bureau should be the Com-
missioner of Patents, and he was the only offi-
cer provided for by that law who was to be
appointed by the President by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. All the
other subordinate officers of the Patent Office
were appointed solely by the Commissioner of
Patents, there being none of them subject to
the confirmation of the Senate. After that
time the inventive genius of the American
people had increased the business of thePatent
Office to such an extent that in 1861 the laws
relating thereto were revised. The office of
Commissioner of Patents was continued. But
I ask the special attention of the House to the
ninth section of the law of 1861, by which it
is provided that:
" For the purpose of securing greateruniformity of
action in thegrantand refusal of letters-patentthere
shall be appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consentof the Senate, three examin-
ors-in-ehief, at an annual salary of $3,000 each, to
be composed of persons of competent legal knowledge
and scientific ability, whose duty it shall be, on the
written petition of the applioantforthat purpose be-
ing filed, to revise and determine upon the validity
of decisions made by examiners when adverse to tho
grant of letters-patent, &c.
Therefore, since 1861, instead of having a
Patent Office with a Commissioner of Patents at
the head, with all the other officers mere clerks,
appointed by the Commissioner, we have had
a bureau in form, but in fact an independent
department with the Commissioner of Patents
at the head, and next to him three examiners-
in-cliief, who are by law required to be nomi-
nated by the President and confirmed by the
Senate, and who are to be persons of com-
petent legal knowledge and scientific ability.
Yet by inadvertence in that act of 1861, the
provision of the law of 1836 in reference to
the chief clerk was left in force ; so that now,
as before, all the functions of the office of Com-
missioner of Patents, in case of a vacancy, are
devolved upon the chief clerk, and it has so
happened that for the last eight months all of
the powers of the head of that bureau have
devolved upon and been exercised by the chief
clerk of the Patent Office, a man, however
well qualified he may be, certainly not selected
for his legal knowledge and scientific ability
to discharge the duties of Commissioner of
Patents, but on the contrary selected simply tc
discharge the ordinary duties of the chief clerl
of that office.
And I may say here that that chief clerk
now discharging the duties of Commissione
of Patents, is every month throughout th
year determining and adjudicating upon right
of property greater in amount, than are adjudi
cated upon by any court of the United States
not excepting even the Supreme Court of th
United States.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman alloi
me to ask him a question?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand the object o
this bill to be to get some person of lega
attainments to adjudicate upon these questions
Has not the man now holding the position ol
chief clerk been a practitioner at the bar fo
many years, and is he not a lawyer of goo<
reputation? ,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentlemai
also inform the House whether the presen
examiners are lawyers?
Mr POMEROY. I will endeavor to stati
my side of the case as fully as circumstance,
wiil permit..
