1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1187
sent represent a constituency in this House;
and that ended the matter. That view of the
case was never afterward alluded to.
The next case was that of John Bailey, whose
seat as a Representative from Massachusetts
was contested upon the ground of ineligibility
by citizens of his own. district. In that case
the minority candidate made no appearance for
himself and raised no claim in his own behalf.
And during all the discussion.of that case ho
• man intimated that the result which followed,
the 'vacation ©f the seat for want of eligibility
on the part of Bailey, gave the minority candi-
date any cteim to the seat. The seat was de-
clared vacant' and a new election ordered.
The next case was that of James Shields in
the Senate. His seat was vacated by a vote
of the Senate on the ground of his ineligibility,
and no other man set up a claim to the seat.
A new. election was ordered, and under that
hew election by the Legislature of Illinois the
seat was filled.
The next case in order was that of Mr.
Brown himself in the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
He came here with a majority of votes when
he was less than twenty-five years of age.
Yet, sir, in a House where parties were so
nearly divided that Congress was, I think,
twelve weeks in organizing, more than seventy
ballots for Speaker being taken, there being
needed time and again only a single vote for
the decision, no one claimed that the minority
candidate in that case was entitled, to the seat.
Mr. Brown stood at the door during the whole
of the first session, a long session, and at the
second session, having then attained the age
of twenty-five years, he took his seat-without
objection upon the strength of votes castforhim
when he was ineligible. That is a case for him..
Brown was ineligible, but nobody objected.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me allude-to what is
going on in the Senate at the' present time.
There has been-for four long weeks the time
of that body engaged in the discussion of the"
ineligibility to a seat in that body of a gentle-
man from the State of Maryland. Who has
heard in all that discussion that any gentleman
rose and proposed to put in his place the man
who had received the minority of the votes
cast? That has not yet been suggested, so far
as I am aware, in the whole discussion in the
other branch touching the right of that gentle-
man to his seat.
Sir, it may be said that the question was
never raised. That is true; it never was raised.
Is it possible it never occurred to anybody?
Is it possible these brilliant decisions in 1799,
over here in Maryland—one in reference to a
sheriff of a county, and the other in Philip
Barton Keys' case—I say 1s it possible, Mr.
Speaker, in all these cases, it passed unnoticed
that anybody knew anything about this fiction
of law? It is passing strange, Mr. Speaker;
and I think if we go ■& little further it will lack
only in marvelousness to that claim which is
now set up, that the House of Representatives
by resolution can inflict a penalty on voters in
the second district of Kentucky because they
have not voted as the majority in this House
desired.
My colleagues from Massachusetts will re-
member within the last two years the seat of a
Senator in that State was declared vacant, and
another election was ordered, although the mi-
nority candidate came within a hundred votes
of him. It never occurred to him or to that
body to say thereby that man was elected by
declaring the ineligibility of the other to a seat;
that is on the principle set up in Indiana that
everybody must know the law. Every voter
in Massachusetts knows what the law is as well
as the voters in Indiana. They are presumed
to know it. That seat was declared vacant,
and nobody has suggested from that day to
this the man who received the minority of the
votes east at that election was entitled to be
admitted. There is now in the Massachusetts
Senate a question touching the eligibility of
one of the Senators, and I have not seen as
yet any intimation of that kind. I suggest to
my friend that he send his brief to them and
let them know what they did in England in the
days of Praise God Barebones, and what they
did in Maryland in 1799, that they may not
sleep upon their rights any longer.
■ Now, Mr. Speaker, there is another view of
this case. Whatever might be the law or power
of any State to declare beforehand that votes
cast for a man who is ineligible shall be treated
as a nullity, it is not necessary to discuss it,
nor is it necessary to discuss the further ques-
tion whether, under that clause of .the Consti-
tution which gives this Congress power over
.the times, places, and manner of electing mem-
bers of Congress, we could not pass such a
law; for neither in the State of Kentucky was
there ever such a law touching the ballot, nor
has Congress ever passed such a law.  
There is a provision in. the constitution of
Illinois, and I believe there is the same in the
constitution of Michigan, and perhaps the same
is in the constitution of Indiana. There is this
provision in the constitution of Illinois, that no
man shall be eligible to any other office while
he is a judge. I do not state it with accuracy,
but that is the substance of it. There is also
an express provision that every vote cast for
such a man shall be a nullity. That is the ex-
press organic law of Illinois. I do not know
it is within the constitutional power of a State,
but I do not doubt when a man casts his vote
under that law he casts it with afullknowledge
that the law has disposed of his vote, provided
how it shall be counted and what shall be the
power of it.
Let me put a question to this House. Ac-
cording to the law as it was in Massachusetts
a few years ago, and as it may be in some of
the States now, for aught I know, it required
a majority of all the votes cast to elect. Now,
suppose A comes here from Ohio with 4,000
votesi His competitor B has received 3,000,
and- his competitor O 1,000. A- similar case
comes here from Massachusetts. A having
4,000 votes, B 3,000, and C 1,300. This House
declares the one elected and the other reject-
ed. Why? Because the statutes of Massa-
chusetts and of Ohio have both fixed the power
of the ballot. The statute of Massachusetts
has prescribed that the 1,300 votes for the
minority candidate C shall count, and the
statute of Ohio has declared that they shall not
count, and we here count according to the
statute in each case.
:. -Now, it is perfectly plain to my mind that if
the State of Ohio has enacted a law that ifyou
vote for a man known to be ineligible your
vote shall be thrown away, that must be the
force and effect of the ballot. When a man
casts it Jie does so under the law, and the law
governs it accordingly, just precisely as the law
of Massachusetts has declared that 1,300 votes
cast for C shall count, and the la\tf of Ohio
has declared that it shall be treated as a nullity.
But, sit," what is asked by my friend from
Kentucky is, that without any law in that
State, and without any law of Congress govern-
ing the subject, we shall, by a resolution of this
House, declare that the votes cast for an ineli-
gible candidate shall be treated as a nullity.
1 say, Mr. Speaker, that this House can do no
such thing. The power and effect of the bal-
lot must be gathered from the statutes of Ken-
tucky, at least until the Government of the
United States, by statute under the power to
prescribe the time, places, and manner of
election, shall take it upon itself to prescribe
a rule. In the absence of any law in Ken-
tucky declaring that the votes east for a man
known to be ineligible shall be thrown away;
in the absence of any legislation of Congress
that they shall be thrown away, it_ is not in
the power of this House, by resolution, to un-
dertake to count these votes in any other man-
ner than prescribed by the law under which
they were cast, and to do it would be to-violate
the law. .
- That is the difference between this House
and the British Parliament. The British Par-
liament has no limitation upon its power but
its fear of the people. It has no written con-
stitution to govern it; it derives its authority
in theory, not from the people at all, but from
the king, whose right is divine. All that the
people get of voice or share in the Government
of Great Britain in theory comes by concession
from the crown. I know it is true that, in point
of fact, the'people wrenched it from the mon-
arch, but in theory it comes fiom the crown,,
and the Parliament assumes omnipotence, as
it is called in the old law books that are before
my friend here, as old as the oldest man living.
The Parliament assumes that it is omnipotent
and can do what it pleases. And what does
it do? When a county or precinct votes dif-
ferently from what the majority in Parliament
desire they impose a fine upon it, and then if
it is refractory they disfranchise it altogether.
Time and again by a vote of Parliament they
have disfranchised whole counties and whole
boroughs, and they have setup a borough with
only three votes in it to counteract some influ-
ences in another place. Are we to take pre-
cedents drawn from such a course? Are we
to go back and bring out the old, musty, black-
letter law of England to govern us in this day
in deciding upon the question' of an election
to this body ? Are we to abandon all the pre-
cedents of the history of this country in all its
legislative bodies and to set up at this day a
new law, a new theory, departing .from the old,
established, and beaten path, namely, to give,
if possible, to the majority of the voters in the
district their voice, and if it be,not possible,
then to send the election back to the people
and let them try again ? Time and again has
that precedent been established; and why are
we called upon now to depart from it? My
friend from Indiana on my right [Mr. Coburn]
has unfolded the reason why; it lies in the
personal merit of the distinguished gentleman
who claims this scat.
-■ Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. DAWES. I cannot be interrupted.
Mr. COBURN. The -gentleman misrepre-
sents me.
Mr/DAWES. I am not misrepresenting my
friend. I would not do it for the world. Mr.
Speaker, I know the process of reasoning^t
is derived from the old wigs of England—by
which you undertake to make a man believe
that these are not legal votes because they are
not cast for a legal candidate. But if anything
is apparent as the result of the election in the
case before us it is that the votes have at the
ballot-box decided by a majority that this man,
Mt. Smith, they do not want.
Now, sir, I agree with gentlemen that they
ought not to want a disloyal man ; I agree with
gentlemen that they shall not have a disloyal
man ; but I do not agree with gentlemen that
because they have preferred a disloyal man I
may set up for them such a Representative as
I say they ought to have. Now, I say, Mr.
Speaker, that they would do themselves great
honor if they did want my friend Mr. Smith
here ; but they have declared as emphatically
as it is possible for the voters of that district
to declare that, whoever may be their choice,
thev do not want this man to represent them.
And, sir, it is quite enough for us, in my opin-
ion, to say to these people: We pass upon the
qualifications of the man you send here and we
stop there. Sir, let us look at this as a ques-
tion of medicine, if you please. If I am per-
mitted, as a member of the Committee of Elec-
tions or a  a judge of elections here in this
House, to inquire beyond the simple questions
of law for a moment, let me ask what sort of
medicine is it with which to treat the diseased
and perverted minds of the majority in that
district, what better medicine to administer to
them than to say to them, " Gentlemen, all we
ask of you is to send a loyal man here; we do
not attempt to say to you who you shall choose;
we only say to you that if you send a disloyal
man we will send him back, but we do not
make his place vacant in order that we may
put a friend of ours in."
Now, sir, you may go to the polls and before
the people as much as you have a mind to with
these old law books; you may go upon the
stump as long as you please. The people have
