154
SUPPLEMENT TO
any other matter that they choose to put in
issue. But how do they propose to prove good
character ? By showing what he said to a gen-
tleman. Did you ever hear of good character,
lawyers of the Senate ; laymen of the Senate,
did you ever hear a good character proved in
that way? Aman's character is in issufe. Does
he call up one of his neighbors and ask what
the man told him about his character? No;
the general speech of people in the commu-
nity, what was publicly known and said of
him, is the point, and upon that went Hardy's
case.
Now, then, lawyers of the Senate, I have
never seen before cited in the course of an
argument on the law the speeches of counsel.
I thought it was not within the common usage
of the profession. Am I not right, lawyers
of the Senate; and yet page after page of
the argument of Mr. Erskine, who was going
forward in every way that he could to save the
life of his client, has heen cited here to the
Senate to govern them as a precedent. A
more unprofessional act I never knew.
Mr. STANBERY. Mr. Chief Justice, I
must ask the gentleman to cease these state-
ments of "unprofessional" matter. I read
—I wish the gentleman to attend to what I say
now-—I read only so much of the argument of
Erskine as showed the application of the cases
which I read from Erskine's speech. That
was all.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I attended with
care to what was said; I had the book in my
hand and followed the gentleman; the argu-
ment of the counsel only was read; and now,
to show the application of that particular case,
lot me ask what the question there was. The
question was, what were the public declara-
tions of Mr. Hardy? He was accused of
having made a speech and made a series of
speeches which were held to be treasonable.
Then the question was, what was his charac-
ter as a loyal man, and upon that the discus-
sion arose from which citations have been
made ; and when the discussion finally termi-
nated, gentlemen of the Senate, what was the
question? I read from page 109G of the
twenty-fourth volume of the State Trials :
" Did you before the time of this convention being
hold, which is imputed to Mr. Hardy, ever hoar from
him what Ms objccta wore—whether ho has at all
mixed himself in that business?
" I havo very ofton conversed with him, as I men-
tioned before, about his plan of reform: ho always
adhered to tho Duke of Richmond's plan, and said
that will bo tho plan that will bo adopted in the end,
I disagreed with him about that, and that, ooeasioncd
it more particularly to bo marked in my memory;
wo disputed about it, and ho always obstinately
ndhored to it, and stated that to bo tho object of tlio
society, and his whole object.
" Was this said in tho confidence of private regard
or in public company, whore it might bo said osten-
tatiously?
" I was never in public company with him; ho and
another person wcro with mo one night, and I have
had long and frequent, conversations with him upon
tho subjoct.
"From all that you havo seen of him, what is his
charactcr for sincerity and truth?
" T havo every roason to boliovo him to bo a very
sincero, simple, honest man.
" Mr, Attorney General. If this had been stated at
first to bo the qucstion meant to bo aslicd, I do not
see what possiblo objection X could havo to it."
And if they will ask General Sherman or
anybody else what is Andrew Johnson's char-
acter for sincerity and truth I will not object,
I assure you. That was the whole question
about which the dispute arose in Hardy's ease;
and the Attorney General finally said "if I
hud known that was what you are after I never
should have objected."
What was Lord George G ordou's case ? This
is an illustration of tho dilliculty of reading
from the arguments of counsel, whether they
are made here by me or made by Lord Erskine
in regard to Gordon's trial. We are on one side
when we are arguing our cause, and we are apt
to get our minds somewhat biased. What was
Lord George Gordon's ease? Lord George
Gordon was accused of treason in leading a mob
of Protestantsagainstthe House of Parliament,;
and there, in order to show his intention, there
were allowed to be put in evidence against him
the cries uf the mob made publicly and orally
as part of the res gestae. To meet that, what
was the defense ? The defense was the insan-
ity of Lord George Gordon, and upon that de-
fense, and upon the whole case they went into
the widest possible range. Let the gentlemen
on the other side come in and prove—which is
the best defense they have got—that Andrew
Johnson is insane, and we shall then go into
all his conversations to see whether he talked
or acted like a sane man, on which idea in that
case the defense went into Lord George Gor-
don's acts and sayings, but in no other way.
Then, what is the next thing that is said about
this? They then go into Lord William Rus-
sell's case. Lord Russell's ease was one of
those so eloquently denounced by the gentle-
man who opened for the President yesterday as
one of those cases occurring under the Plan-
tagenets andTudors which he would not appeal
to for authority. They do drink at our fount-
ain sometimes. They have got back now to
those cases which they would lay aside yester-
day. They have come back to them to-day;
but what was there? The whole question was,
what was Lord William Russell's character for
loyalty. The question asked the witness was,
what was his character for loyalty, to which the
reply was "Good." Then he was asked "How
long have you known him?" and he replied "I
have known him some time." Then came the
question "Did you ever hear him express him-
self against the king and against the Govern-
ment?" to which the answer was "No;" and
then followed the question, "Didyou ever hear
him express himself in favor of insurrection ?''
and tho answer was "No." That is precisely
as every lawyer here has heard the question
of character inquired into. The question is
"What is the character of such a man for
truth ? " The witness says '' Good.'' That is
not putting in hearsay. That is to get a nega-
tive. In that case they were not asking lor
what Lord Russell said, but they were offering
to prove that he did not say anything that was
treasonable, not what he did say; and that was
upon the question of his good character.
Let me call your attention to the other point
upon which this is pressed, and that seems to
be the strong point of the case, because my
friend said as he opened it "this is very vital,"
hoping, I suppose, that by possibility he might
in some way be able to fright you from your
propriety. If it is a very vital matter you will
pardon me for arguing it at some length.
Mr. STANBERY. Will the learned Man-
ager allow me one moment ? In regard to Mr.
Ilardy's case, he has fallen into an error in
reading the question, which was not the one at
all I was upon. He read as to general char-
acter.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. To that I say I
have fallen into no such error.
Mr. STANBERY. One moment, if you
please.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No; I cannot
allow you to interpolate for the purpose of
stating that I did not cite correctly.
Mr. STANBERY. One moment for a cor-
rection.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I cannot spare a
moment, sir.
Mr. STANBERY. I wish to show only that
the very question was pat and answered under
tho decision of the court in that case.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Allow me to say
that I read tho only question that was put and
directly after it was allowed to be put 
Mr. STANBERY. I shall have to leave it
to my associate.
^Mr. Manager BUTLER. Certainly. If you
will turn to the case you will find it, sir. I be-
gan with "Mr. Daniel Stuart examined by Mr.
Erskine," and I read from there to where the
attorney general said, " If this had been stated
at first to be the question meant to be asked, I
do not see what possible objection I could have
to it." I read from where the court decided
down to where the question was put and an-
swered, and to what the attorney general said
about it. Therefore 1 made no mistake. I am
not ia the habit of reading a portion and leav-
ing out a portion of a man's speech, and then
commenting upon it.
N w, Senators, what is the other point; and
it is the only one I feel any trouble about ?
That is that some gentlemen may think that
this question comes within the decision of
yesterday. Yesterday we objected to the
President's declaration after we said the
conspiracy had culminated. It was claimed
that they had a right to put in what he said
when Thomas reported back to him, and the
Senate decided that it should be put in ; but
now they propose to go a month prior to that
time and they propose to go over a space of
time where we offered evidence to prove the
President's bad intent, and the Senate of the
UnitedStates ruled it out. I allude to Cooper's
case. We offered to prove that in December
he put Cooper in, and what Cooper was doing
in order to show the President's bad intent;
and the Senate of the United States, upon the
offer of the Representatives of the people of
the United States, ruled that out; and now the
gentlemen propose to go on and show what
the President said to General Sherman.
One argument which I used to appeal to
prejudice is that I stated that the President
was seeking for tools. I said so ; but, at tho
same time, I said that he never found one in
General Sherman. What I mean to say, and
what will appear to you and the country, is
that he was seeking for somebody by whom he
might get Mr. Stanton out; some gentleman
of the Army. First he tried Grant; then he
wanted to get General Sherman in, so that
when General Sherman, not wanting the cares
of office upon him for a moment, ready to get
rid of them at any time, should resign and
leave, so as to get rid of it, as he doubtless
would, he could then put in somebody else.
He went along; he began with Grant, and he
went down through Grant and down through
Sherman and George H. Thomas, and down,
down, until he struck Lorenzo Thomas, and
then he found the man who could be put in.
Now, the gentlemen propose to offer to prove
that he did not find a tool in General Sher-
man, in order to satisfy the Senate that he
did not find one in Thomas! Do these two
things hold together ? Does one belong to the
other? Because he did not find a tool, a
proper man to be made an ad interim, Secre-
tary, and to sit in his Cabinet as an ad inte-
rim. Secretary, in General Sherman, does that
prove that therefore he did not find a proper
man in Thomas?
But, then, look at the vehicle of proof. What
is the vehicle of proof? They do not propose
to prove it by hjs acts. When they are offered
I shall be willing to let them go in. Let them
offer any act of the President about that time,
either prior or since, and I shall not object,
although the Senate ruled out an actin Cooper's
case. But how do they propose to prove it ?
" What conversations took place between the
President and you?" I agree, gentlemen of
the Senate—I repeat it even after the criti-
cisms that have been made—that /ou are a law
unto yourselves. You have a right to receive
or reject any testimony. All the common law
can do for you is, that being the accumulation
of the experience of thousands of years of trial,
it may afford some guide to you ; but you can
override it. You have no right, however, to
override the principles of justice and equity,
and to allow the case of the people of the Uni-
ted States to be prejudiced by the conversa-
tions of the criminal they present at your bar,
made in his own defense before the acts done,
which the people complain of. That I may, I
trust, without offense say ; because there is a
law that must govern us at any and all times,
and the single question is—I did not mean to
trouble the Senate with it before, and never
will again on this question of conversation—
what limit is there? If this is allowable you
may put in his conversations with everybody ;
you may put in his conversations with news-
paper reporters—and iie is very free with those
if we are to believe the newspapers. If he has
a right to converse with General Sherman about
