2212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 28*
of amendment to the Constitution, if you could
impose it by mere act of Congress, as a funda-
ment^ condition for the restoration of a State ?
Let some man who advocates this third section
answer that question.
Sir, the question as to its policy, as to its
■wisdomj as to its justice, was condemned by
the Thirty-Ninth Congress. To be sure this
House, by the aid of the Democratic members
cooperating with the minority on the Repub-
lican side, resisted your efforts and mine to
strike out from the fourteenth article of amend-
ment this limitation upon the elective franchise
for three years, and fastened it upon us in the
House. We sent the amendment with that
limitation in it to the Senate. The yeas and
nays were there ealled upon it, and every vote
in that body save one was recorded to strike
out the limitation as athingnot to be tolerated
even for the short period, of three years, much
less for the indefinite period contemplated by
the third section of this bill.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have said all it is needful to
say to justify my motion pending before the
House to strike the third section out. I leave
it there perfectly willing the House should pass
judgment upon it in the light of our past legis-
lation. It is quite inconsistent with all we
have ever done, and 1 trust it is quite incon-
sistent with all we shall do hereafter touching
this matter of restoration.
I come now to the proposed amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens ;] and I desire to say here, as I have
already intimated in the remarks I have ad-
dressed to the House, it would have been accept-
able to me, in perfect accord with all 1 have
ever endeavored to do touching this matter of
restoration, if the bill contained a provision
requiring the Legislature of the S tate, in accord-
ance with the constitution of the State adopted
by the people, to enlarge the elective franchise
and to remove disabilities. The constitution
adopted oy the people of Alabama authorizes
the Legislature to do so, but the committee
saw fit to reject .the proposition. I have no
complaint to m'ake against the committee on
that account.
Allow me to say we are- not without prece-
dent for the bill as originally reported. When
we admitted Tennessee by her constitution and
laws a large majority of the free male popula-
tion of the State were excluded from the elective
franchise; but, sir, that constitution authorized
her Legislature to remove disabilities in Ten-
nessee just as the constitution of Alabama
authorizes the Legislature of Alabama to
remove disabilities in Alabama. 1 ventured
upon the discussion of the bill admitting Ten-
nessee to say that it would be the interest of
the people of Tennessee and the interest of the
people of the United States to immediately
remove disabilities to such an extent as to
place the jiower of the State in the hands of
the majority of the people, and the Legisla-
ture of Tennessee after admission did it. I
venture to say that if we allow the people under
the constitution of Alabama to remove dis-
abilities they will do it. But the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania goes
further.
The section offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Steven's,] which I ask
shall also be rejected by the House, is this:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That said State of
Ahibnmiisliall be recognized and admitted into the
Union upon the following fundamcntn, I condition:
that the light of suftrage of citizens of the United
States shall never be denied or abridged in said State
on any account except for treason, felony, or other
crime infamous at common law; but suffrage as
above provided for shall forever be universal and
impartial.
Who does not know that every person born
within the limits of the Republic is, in the
language of the Constitution, a natural-born
citizen? Who does not know, therefore, that
all the natural-born persons in the United States,
men, women, and children, are citizens of the
United States? This section, therefore, as it
reads, is simply to confer suffrage upon men,
women, and children. I donoL strain the con-
struction of it. There is no one can hesitate a
moment about it who ponders on the words of
the section. It is, "That the right of suffrage
of citizens of the United States shall never be
denied or abridged in said State on any account
except for treason, felony, or other crime
infamous at common law." "On %ny ac-
count." If citizens of the United States are
excluded from suffrage on account of sex, is
not that within the meaning of this provision ?
Are we prepared to legislate iu this way ? I
trust the House will reject the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
As to the substitute offered by my learned
colleague, [Mr. Spalding,] I was not able to
catch the amendments very clearly as read by
the Clerk, but I believe I comprehended thoir
substance. As the substitute is printed, I beg
leave to say to the House that it is directly in
conflict with your past legislation. I refer to
the third section of the substitute, which is :
That whenever the people, by a majority vote of
the qualified electors of Alabama, shall have ratified
a constitution submitted as aforesaid, and the Legis-
lature of tlio proposed State organization shall havo
ratified tho amendment to the Constitution of tho
United States proposed by tho Thirty-Ninth Con-
gross, and known asartielefourteon, tho constitution
of Alabama m^y bo presented to Congress for its
approval.
Now, these words, "whenever the people, by
a majority vote of the qualified electors of Ala-
bama, shall have ratified a constitution," are
simply a restoration of that bungling provision
of the law of last year which we repealed this
year.
Mr. SPALDING. Allow mo to state that
that section is modified so as to read "a ma-
jority vote of the electors qualified under tho
act of Congress."
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well; that is what I
was coming to now. If the substitute be so
amended it should be rejected. Why? Be-
cause it simply acknowledges the very prin-
ciple that is at stake in this whole controversy,
namely, that less than a majority of the qual-
ified electors of the State, but a majority,
nevertheless, of those voting, may ratify a con-
stitution. That is fair, that is just. If that is
the law, why not stand upon it now, as the
first and second sections of the bill reported
provide? An overwhelming majority of the
people voting at the recent election did ratify
tho constitution of Alabama.
But, sir, there is another objection to this
substitute, and that is this provision of the
second section:
And said Legislature is also empowered to submit
the constitution, as framed by the convention, with
or without amendments proposed by tho Legislature.
While that remains in tho substitute—" with
or without amendments proposed by the Legis-
lature"—I do not stand upon tho word which
I uttered here before, and which thegentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Buhudge] did me the
honor to quote from my speech, that the con-
stitution of a State can emanate only from the
people of the State. These conventions that
are called by tho people are acts of original
sovereignty, not complete, to be sure, till ac-
cepted and ratified by the general sovereignty
of the nation.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman allow
that amendment to be read as it has been mod-
ified ?
Mr. BTNGHAM. Yes, sir; the last clause.
The Clerk read as follows :
And the said legislature is n.lso empowered by a
majority vote of each House to submit the constitu-
tion as framed by the convention, with or without
amendments proposed by the Legislature; and if
amendments be proposed by the Legislature they
shall be voted upon separately and not in connection
with the constitution as it camc from tho convention.
Mr. BINGHAM. Of course; and the result
of all that is that they may amend it by striking
out everything after the preamble and make a
constitution and submit it to the people. I
see no occasion for any such legislation.
Mr. SPALDING-. It is very easy to sup-
pose cases.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is nothing like it,
I undertake to say, in the past history of this
country, in our past legislation on reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. It may be so with the last
qualification of the gentleman's remark, so far
as reconstruction-is concerned ; but the gentle-
man will remember, for I think he stood with
me, that when the acts were passed to admit
Colorado and Nebraska into the Union, this
House prescribed a certain amendment to be
attached to their constitutions, and prescribed
that if that amendment was adopted, not by the
people of the States, but by the Legislatures
which had already been elected, then they
should be admitted.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is entirely foreign
to what I am saying. The power of Congress
to impose fundamental conditions within the
limitations of the Constitution of the United
States was settled by the great and immortal
act of 1819, on the admission of Missouri ; but
that is a different question.
Mr. DAWES. It is not a question of funda-
mental condition that I am calling the atten-
tion of the gentleman to, but to the fact that
there was prescribed an amendment to the
constitutions of the States of Colorado and
Nebraska by this House, and it was also pro-
vided that the amendment so framed here
should be submitted, not to the people of
these inchoate States, but to the Legislatures.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, I cannot yield further.
I understand it perfectly. I undertake to say
it was a fundamentai condition in the case- of
Nebraska; and, so far as I am concerned, I
have no difficulty about it, for I never voted
for it at all.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman decline
to yield?
Mr. BINGHAM; I do. It has nothing to
do with the question at all; nothing at all to
do with it.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir. There is no kind
of excuse for undertaking to evade this issue
in that way. This proposition is that the Legis-
lature may amend the constitution of the State
of Alabama without any limitation about it,
and submit their amendments to the people
of that State; and I undertake to say, for
myself, (gentlemen can decide for themselves,)
that there is no kind of parallel between this
provision and the provision of the act of 1819,
or the provision of the act admitting {he State
of Nebraska.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is not
putting a question that is germane to my
point. Not at all.
Mr. DA WES. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, through the Speaker, if he
will permit me to put a question to him.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I will yieldfor that,
but not to make a speech.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will yield
for a question, it is this; will the gentleman
permit me to inquire of him what the differ-
ence is?
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I supposed I had
S? -,®2-oug t!ie gentleman to have seeu
the difference.
Mr. DAWES. Does he decline to be inter-
rupted by me?
Mr-BINGHAM. I decline to be repeating
myself for the accommodation of the Gentle-
man. [Laughter.] The difference, however,
is perfectly manifest. I have said before, an<i
1 do not intend to be diverted from what I
have said, that, for myself, I hold that no fund-
amental^ condition can be imposed upon the
restoration of any State to this Union, or
upon the admission of any new State into this
Union that does not stand within the limita-
tions and conditions of the Federal Constitu-
tion. I stand here to reiterate and reassert
wha I said before, that the great question
involved m the admission of the State of
Missouri was a question that stood the
very PTOons of the Constitution of ,
United States itself, not simply by construe-
