1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
420J.
devolve, until a Commissioner of Patents shall
be appointed according to law, the duties of
the office upon the senior exaniner-in-chief,
who is Mr. Hodges.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for a matter of business?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
session* tor to-night.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the House to agree
to a session to-night for the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table. There is a
vast amount of it accumulated there.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
WARD objected.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move to suspend
the rules.
On suspending the rules there were—ayes
79. noes 40.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative, making two thirds in favor of the
motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I de-
mand I lie yeas and nays. 1 do not want to go
to the Speaker's table at night.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 76, nays 73, not voting G1; as follows :
YiiAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Axtell, Beatty, Benjamin, Blair, Boles, Boutwell,
Boyden, Roderick E. Butler, Churchill, Sidney
Clarke,Co' " ' "
Donnelly,
Garfield.   . ...
llinds.Hotchkiss,Chester D.Hubbard, Hulburd, Hun-
ter, Jenekes, Alexander II. Jones, Julian,Ketcham,
Lincoln, Loan, Mallory.Maynard.McCarthy.McClurg,
Mercur. Miller, Moorliead, Myers, O'Neill. Pcrham,
Peters, Pile, Poland, Polsley, Pomcroy, llaum, Rob-
ertson, Schenck. Smith, Stewart, Syphcr, Talfe, Tay-
lor, Twiclicll, XJpson, Van Aernam, Vidal, William
B. Washburn, Whittomore, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, and Stephen J?. Wilson—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Aieher, Delos R.Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Barnes, Beek, Benton, Boyer, Brom-
well, Brooks, Buckand, Benjamin F.Butler, Cake,
Cary, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Eggleston, Ela, 131-
dridge, Ferriss, Fox, Cct7„ Glossbrenner, Golladay,
Uaight,Hamilton, Hill, ilolman. Hopkins, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kelley, Ivelsey, Kerr,
Knott, Koontz, William Lawrence, Logan, Lougli-
ridge, Marshall, MoKee, Moore. Morrell, Mulhns,
Niblack, Nicholson, N unn, Orth, Pike, Randall, lloss.
Sawyer, Seofleld, Shanks, Sitgrcaves, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Stokes, Stone, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Trowbridge, Van Aukon, Burt Van Horn, Van
Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, Ehhu JJ. Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, Wclker, John T. Wilson, and
Woodward—73. ^
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Bailey,
Banks, Barnum, Beaman, Bingham, Blackburn,
Blaine, Bowen, Bioomall, Burr, Ohanler, Cornell,
Delano, Deweese, Doekery, Dodge, Farnsworth, Fin-
ney, Gravely. Halsey, Harding. Hawkins, Hooper,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phxey, Judd, Kitchen, Lafiin, Lash, George V. Law-
rence, Lvnch, Mann, Marvin, McUormiek, MeCul-
iough, Morrissey, Mungen, Newcomb, Newsham,
Paine, Phelps,Plants, Price, Pruyn,Robinson,Roots,
Selye, Shellabarger, Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron
F. Stevens, Thomas, John Trimble, Robert T. Van
Horn, Cadwalader 0. Washburn, Thomas Williams,
Windoin, Wood, and Woodbridge—61.
So the rules were not suspended.
vacancies in executive offices.
Mr. POMEROl*. Mr. Speaker, I had com-
pleted nearly all I had to say. I merely wish
to state that the effect of the adoption of this
conference report will be to confer the duties
of the office of Commissioner of Patents upon
Mr. Hodges. I understand he was for a long
time Commissioner of Patents, being appointed
by President Fillmore. He was appointed
examiner-in-chief by Mr. Lincoln and con-
firmed by the Senate in 1861. From that time
to this he has discharged the duties of that
office. He was appointed with reference to
the very qualifications needed to discharge the
duiies of the office of Commissioner of Patents.
I neither know him personally nor Mr. Stout,
and my action upon this report has not been
based upon the personal character of these
men, but upon the ground that a man occupy-
ing the position occupied by Mr. Hodges should
in case of a vacancy in the office of Commis-
sioner of Patents assume the duties of that
office rather than a temporary clerk, a mere
officer at will. 1 will now yield to my colleague
on the committee of conference [Mr. Elduidge]
ten minutes.
Mr. ELD11IDGE. Mr. Speaker, I have
sought the floor not because of any personal
interest I have in the questions involved here,
but for the purpose of giving the reasons why
I cannot concur with the conference commit-
tee in their report.
In the first place, as I understand this amend-
ment, it is precisely the opposite of what the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Pomeroy]
seems to think it is. Instead of making the
practice uniform with regard to the Depart-
ments, in my judgment it creates an exception
against the Commissioner of Patents. The
very reading of the bill itself shows that I am
right in this particular, and I ask gentlemen to
listen to it:
That in ease of the death, resignation, a,bsence. or
sickness of the chief of any bureau or of any oiiiec
thereof, except Commissioner of Patents, whose
appointment is not in the head of any executive
Department, the deputy of such chief or of such
officer, or if there bo no deputy, then the chief clerk
of such bureau shall, unless otherwise directed by
the President of the United States, as is hereinafter
provided, perform the duties of such office until a,
successor be appointed, or such absence or sickness
shall cease.
Now, the language of the amendment itself
makes an exception against the Commissioner
of Patents. It provides that in this ease the
chief clerk shall not exercise the duties of the
office in the absence or in case of the sickness
or resignation of the Commissioner. In all
other Departments where there is no deputy
or chief assistant, in all those cases the chief
clerk of that Department exercises the duties
of the chief of ihe office; but in the case of
the Commissioner of the Patent Office it is
proposed to make an exception.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Pome-
roy] tells us that the object and purpose is to
provide a competent person to perform these
duties, and that the chief clerk having been
appointed with reference to clerical duties is
not, therefore, a competent person to perform
these duties. I believe that this provision of
law has existed for some twenty years. Can
it be possible that in the appointment of a
chief clerk, the officer appointing him docs
not take into consideration the fact that he
may have devolved upon him the duties which
the chief clerk is now performing and which
he must perform? Is it possible that appoint-
ments to office are made under such circum-
stances that the qualifications of the appointee
are not considered? Does not the appointing
officer select him with reference to the duties
which may in any contingency be devolved
upon the officer? It seems to mo that that is
and must be the necessary rule.
Mr. WELKER. I would ask the gentle-
man whether this examiner of patents, if act-
ing as Commissioner, would not have to decide
appeals from his own decisions'?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is my next objec-
tion. 1 was about to remark that in case we
devolve these duties on one of the examiners
of patents the very argument of the gentleman
from New York applies most forcibly against
the propriety thereof. Let us see for a mo-
ment. These three chief examiners may have
to hear appeals from all the examiners in the
Patent Office, and to consider and review the
decisions of those examiners. To whom can
an appeal be taken from their decisions? To
the Commissioner of Patents? And in case
of his absence to whom ? Why, if this bill
passes, from the chief examiner to himself.
Having these important questions to decide,
involving, as the gentleman from New York
says, larger amounts than are decided by any
officer or court in the country, the chief exam-
iner is to have devolved upon him the review
of his own decisions, and the final determina-
tion of questions which bo has himself determ-
ined. It is simply an appeal from Philip
sober, it may be, to Philip drunk, or it may
be exactly the opposite. But it is clear that
the examiner is not the proper officer for the
discharge of these duties.
Now, I come to consider the individual who
occupies this position of chief clerk. I am
certainly disinterested in this question so far
as politics are concerned. I suppose all these
men, the chief clerk and the three examiners-
in-chief, belong to the Radical party. This
chief clerk is a lawyer of twenty years' stand-
ing. The only reason I have heard urged
against his fitness for this position is that his
salary is less than the salary of an examiner-
in-chief. If that be the only objection, then
why not raise his salary so as to make his posi-
tion sufficiently dignified and important to make
him in that respect the equal of these chief
examiners, as he is already in every other
respect of learning and ability to decide the
questions that may come before him ?
There arc important reasons in favor of the
gentleman who now occupies the position of
chief cleik. He has been a soldier in the
Army of the United States, and has been
wounded in the service of his country. He
has given one son to the service of his coun-
try. He served through the entire war, and
was a brave, upright, and pure man, so far as
any charge lias been made against him. He
left his profession, and when he left the ser-
vice at the close of the war, broken down in
health, lie took the position of chief clerk in
(lie Patent Office. And now, because, for'
sooth, he gets a little more salary in conse-
quence of filling the position of acting (Jom-
i missioner of Patents during the vacancy now
existing, it is proposed to take this position
away from a brave soldier of the United States
and give it to another, agentleman against whom
I have nothing to say, one every way worthy,
I suppose, but still no more worthy, capable,
and entitled to the position than the gentle-
man occupying the position at the present
time. This gentleman, the chief clerk of the
Patent Office, was wounded in the battles of
Fort Donaldson, Shiloh, and Chickamauga.
He was complimented, as gentlemen will see
by reference to the report of General Critten-
den, for his luavery and decision of action,
and for the manner in which he turned defeat
into victory. And his record does not stop
there; it continues all through the war, and
lie bears the marks of his service all over his
person.
Now, whether this chief clerk is aRepubliean
or not—and I understand he is—and whether
the chief examiners are Republicans or not, I
say to gentlemen, if you are sincere in your pro-
fessions of love for the soldier, here is one with-
out a mark or a stain on his character, and well
worthy of your support. Yet you propose to
take from him the difference between $1,700
and $3,000, and give it to one who you say has
been for twenty years in the Patent Office. No
one finds any fault with this man; no one speaks
against his character and qualifications. It is
simply because of the fact that he was appointed
chief clerk that you suppose he is not compe-
tent to fill this position. Now that is no reason
at all. As I remarked in the beginning of my
remarks, he was appointed chief cleik with
reference to the duties he might be called upon
to perform under the law then and now in force.
He has been a counselor and practitioner at
law for twenty years. He has been active m
his piofession. At one time he was attorney
for the city of Louisville, having all the inter-
ests of that city in liis charge. That fact shows
the justice and propriety of his appointment.
It shows the judgment and discretion of the
appointing power in selecting such a. man,
under such circumstances, to fill the office.
These are the reasons why I could not and
did not sign the report of the committee of
conference. I think this gentleman is emh
nently fit and qualified for the position. IT
there is any merit in military services for the
country then give this place to him, and let him
bold the office until it is filled by appointment.
Mr. MYE US. Will the gentleman from New-
York [Mr. Pomeroy] now yield to mo for a
few moments? , .
Mr. POMEROY'. I will yield to thegentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. xMyeksJ lor tea
minutes. ,, ,
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker,_ the remarks
of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Lt.
! ridge] almost obviate the necessity of my
iJ saying aaytlimg upon this subject, yet theie
