1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8
are in many instances more valuable than the
cargoes they carry, the immense tracte car-
ried in American bottoms from the Chincha
Islands, the guano trade, there the freights
•were uniformity worth more than the cargo
itself. To-day the vast amount of freights for
the transportation of British coal amount to
more than the cargo. It is on freights that
Great Britain is growing rich and drawing to
herself the riches of the world. Yet we stand
here haggling over the remission of a little bit
of duty which is insignificant compared with
the millions of freights we might have in our
grasp if we gave any fair encouragement to
our commerce.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I was asking,
•when interrupted by the gentleman from Maine,
how he and others on this floor, who have im-
posed on us heavy burdens in the shape of a
tariff, can reconcile their votes with a propo-
sition to absolutely free one entire class of
industry from all internal and external taxa-
tion except that paid as consumers of products?
Every interest in this country must expect to
be burdened, at least for some time to come.
We must have a heavy duty upon articles im-
ported from abroad. We must have a large
revenue. We must also have internal taxation.
Every interest in the country is compelled to
pay revenue in one shape or the other to the
Government. Here is a proposition that one
great interest shall be exempted from internal
taxation, and that they shall have all their
materials imported free. The gentleman from
Maine speaks of the freights being more valu-
able in many instances than the cargo. That
is not confined to trade upon the occan. A
bushel of corn in Iowa, on the farm where it is
produced, is not worth half as much as it is in
Boston and New York; and this difference in
price is paid to those who transport it, and yet
by your navigation laws which protect the
American ship-owner the western farmer is
compelled to transport this hard-earned product
in an American vessel from New Orleans to
New York or Boston, although a foreign vessel
may be ready at New Orleans to transport his
product for one fourth the price charged by
the American vessel. Not content, however,
with the advantage secured by our navigation
laws, we are asked to allow this drawback upon
all that enters into the building of a vessel,
instead of adjusting import duties so that this
interest, as well as all others, may prosper
alike.
While 1 would gladly see the ship-carpenters
prosper in this country, I cannot consent that
prosperity shall come to them by means of any
special legislation here. I would prefer that
they should build houses, if they cannot build
ships profitably without coming here and ask-
ing us to put into their pockets four or five
million dollars annually in the shape of draw-
backs wich must be replaced with duties paid
by the consumers of the whole country.
Mr. BLAINE. The effect would be to put
more cargoes in English vessels.
Mr. ALLISON. My friend knows very well
that the shipping interest of Great Britain, as
well as of the United States, has been depressed
for the last two or three years. The registry
of the tonnage of England for 1867 was less
than that of 18(50.
Mr. PIKE. How much?
Mr. ALLISON. Two or three hundred
thousand tons, I believe.
Mr. PIKE. Oh, no.
Mr. ALLISON. And the tonnage of 1866
was less than that of 1865, so that this depres-
sion of the ship-building interest is not confined
to the United States alone, but has extended
over other nations. And why ? _ Because the
channels of commerce are changing^ as are the
modes of transporting products. For almost
a century we have had navigation laws which
gave special privileges to our own people
engaged m the coastwise trade. And the gen-
tleman from New York [Mi\ Brooks] cites
that as a reason why the Pacific Mail Steam-
ship Company is prosperous, and has been able
to extend its business so as to establish a line
between California and China. Now, the coast-
wise trade, protected by our navigation laws, is
a bounty to American ship-owners and ship-
builders ; and to-day, if you wish to ship a
cargo from New York to San Francisco, you
are compelled to pay tribute, under the con-
struction of your navigation laws, to an Amer-
ican steamship company. No foreign vessel
can carry a cargo from New York to San Fran-
cisco or the reverse. Now that great trade is
confined to American vessels, and, notwith-
standing this favorable legislation, has de-
creased for a few years past because of the
building of three or four lines of railway
between New York and New Orleans, which
have taken much of the carrying trade hitherto
performed by vessels alone, and because of
the rebellion, which, for a time, nearly de-
stroyed it.
Of over two thousand steam vessels registered
in Great Britain in 18G7 only fifty-three are
wooden vessels. Iron vessels are rapidly tak-
ing the place of wooden ones; so that it was
not only because of these high duties that the
general shipping interest is depressed, but
because of all these changes in the construction
of vessels and modes of transportation; and
I will add, because, also, we are in an unfor-
tunate condition, coming out of a gigantic war,
resulting in the depreciation of our currency,
which create high prices and, consequently,
high wages. Now are we, because of this tem-
porary, abnormal condition of things, to go into
special legislation for the benefit of a particular
interest, confined at most to a few localities,
and which must be temporary in its character.
Mr. Speaker, I have no intention of discuss-
ing at length the provisions of this bill. I only
want to warn gentlemen on both sides of the
House that they are establishing a principle
here which exceeds anything that has hitherto
prevailed in our legislation, a principle which
will take money out of the Treasury of the
United States for the benefit of a class. Since
this debate began it has been stated that on the
Kennebec river there are to-day fifteen or
twenty vessels being built. Now, this bill pro-
poses to give to these ship-builders a bounty
of from five to ten thousand dollars on these
very ships in the shape of drawbacks on the
materials they use. Sir, I, for one, in the
present depressed condition of our finances,
while the people are straining the last nerve to
put money into the Treasury, am opposed to
this special temporary legislation. 1 think we
may as well test the question now on this bill.
I have promised, however, to yield to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Pile,] after which
I shall move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. ELDEIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
for a question ?
Mr. ALLISON. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make an
inquiry in regard to the effect of this bill. I
understand the gentleman to say that already
by virtue of our laws a large protection is
given to all American vessels engaged m the
coastwise trade. Is there any provision in this
bill which proposes to allow these drawbacks
by which any discrimination is made between
those vessels engaged in the coasting trade and
those engaged in the carrying trade to foreign
ports?
Mr. ALLISON. None whatever, as I un-
derstand.
Mr. ELDPJDGE. It seems to me that
there would be manifest justice in making a
discrimination.
Mr. PIKE. Let me say that we have no
statistics giving the amount of tonnage con-
fined to the coasting trade. During the sum-
mer time vessels engage in the coasting trade,
and in winter the very same vessels go to the
West Indies and engage in the foreign trade.
Formerly they did that, and they had the West
India trade, but to-day they are driven out of
that trade by British vessels, and the sugars of
Havana and the dye-stuffs and sugars ofHayti
and the West Indies generally are brought into
New York in foreign vessels, and the very
class of vessels the gentleman speaks of come
in competition with English vessels as much
as any other.
Mr. ELDIIIDGE. I hope the gentleman
from Iowa will allow me to make a single
remark in reply to the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. ALLISON. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It must be manifest to
the House that these vessels for which thegen-
tleraan asks protection by this legislation have
now a very large protection whenever they are
engaged in the summer in the coasting trade,
and that they have a monopoly of that very
business. And yet the gentleman asks that
they shall be further protected.
Mr. PIKE. The great majority are not in
the coasting trade at all; they are altogether
in the foreign trade.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield for a few moments
to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Pile.]
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, the city that I
have the honor in great part to represent is
largely interested in copper and very largely
interested in iron. The State in which that
city is situated has more iron than any other
State in the Union and, perhaps, more than
any other three States. And yet, sir, coming
as I do from that State and from that city thus
interested in copper and iron, on which draw-
backs are to be allowed by this bill, I favor
the bill, and hope that it will pass, because it is
one step, and one step only, in the right
direction.
So far, sir, in the progress of this discussion
the measure has been treated mainly as if it
applied to the ship-building interest of the State
of Maine, and to that interest alone. If that
were true, I should oppose the bill, but I do not
so understand it. The measure is intended,
and will so far as it goes in the right direction,
tend to relieve the burdened commerce of the
United States, and in doing that will incidentally
promote the peculiar interests of the extreme
Northeast. What we must do, if we are not
ready to make up our minds to allow England
to do the carrying trade of this country, is to
adopt such legislation as will bring back to
American commerce and American bottoms the
trade that we have lost in the last eight years.
And I want to say that this bill is defective;
and my objection to it is that it does not go far
enough, and that its effect will only be partial.
The price of labor is so high in this country,
and will be so high for the next twenty-five or
fifty vears, that with all taxes removed from the
ship-building interest, and from the materials
used ill ship building, and all tariffs removed
from articles that enter into the construction
of vessels, American ship-yards cannot, in my
judgment, and will not be able in the next
twenty-five years, to compete with England and
France, and especially with England, with her
pauper labor, her cheap labor, in the construc-
tion of ships, and especially of that class of
vessels that do the ocean carrying trade. If
we would relieve American commerce from the
causes that are crucifying and destroying it
we must allow American capitalists to go and
buy their vessels where they can buy them
cheapest.
1 want to say, now, that it is my deliberate
opinion, from three or four months' careful
consideration of this subject, and from the
statistics which I have examined, but which I
have not time to refer to now, that our trade
will continue to be carried as it now is—to be
carried in the proportion of $600,000,000 in
foreign bottoms to §200,000,000 in American
bottoms, or in a still greater proportion in the
future, unless _we allow capital to buy cheaply
manufactured'vessels where it can.
And if it be true—and I think it is capable
of demonstration that it is true—that our only
means of participating in the commerce of the
seas, in carrying our own products to foreign
shores, and bringing back to this country the
products of other lands, is by relieving our-
commerce from these restrictions, then I thiM
it should be relieved. If we are not willing
that the whole of this carrying trade shall con-
tinue to be done in foreign bottoms, if we want
to bring this trade back tb the owners of Amer-
