1-868.
Tim--ommmssi(mA'L globe.
aiso
By Mr. ELDRIDGE: A memorial of 150
citizens of Washington-and Ozaukee counties,
in the State of Wisconsin, for an appropriation
for a harbor at Port Washington, in said State.
By Mr. -ELIOT: The petition of Whitney
& Sampson and others, merchants and ship-
owners, praying for erection of a light-house at
southerly end of Block island. '"
:By Mr.'HUMPHREY: The petition of Gen-
eral E. W. Benson and 500 others, asking for
pensions to soldiers of the war of 1812.
By -Mr. McCARTHY : The petition of the
workmen in tlie Syracuse Iron Works, asking
for 'a reduction of the Army and Navy, the
expenses of Government, and the passage of
revenue laws protecting and encouraging (he
industry of the country.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition for the estab-
lishment of a post route between Troxelville
and Beavei: Springs, in Snyder counfy, Penn-
• sylvania.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Penn-
sylvania, asking that the revenue laws may be
so adjusted as to keep the balance of trade in
favor of this country, that the products of our
mines of gold and silver, and our bonds, will
remain at home.
By Mr. PLANTS: Sundry depositions in
support of the petition of Daniel Sheets, for a.
pension.
Also, the petition of George P. Sandford, of
Meigs county, Ohio, withaccompanyingpapers,
asking for a pension.
Also, the petition of Jacob A. Bowers, of
Washington county, Ohio, with accompanying
papers, asking a pension.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of C. P.
Clever, sitting Delegate from New Mexico,
praying an extension of time for taking testi-
mony in election contest.
By Mr. SCI1ENCK: The remonstrance of
Adams, Gibbs & Co., and 50 others, dealers,
jobbers, and commission merchants in tobacco,
of Chicago, Illinois, against the adoption of
the recommendations of the manufacturers of
tobacco.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Sidney Strong, and 40 others, manu-
facturers, of Northampton, Massachusetts.
Also, the petition of S. Harris & Sons; and
32 others, manufacturers, of Clinton, Massa-
chusetts.
Also, the petition of George C. Davis, and
14 others, manufacturers, ofNorthboro', Massa-
chusetts, asking for reduction of the expendi-
tures of the Government, and that the internal
tax may be removed-from our manufactures.
HOIJSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 15, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. M. P. Kinney, of Rockford, Illinois.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
■harbor at block island.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Rhode Island relative to the construc-
tion of a harbor at Block island; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
order 01" business.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of reports of a private
nature, commencing with the Committee on
Patents.
Mr. jiikckr.s obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I thought the unfinished
business of yesterday would come up imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal.
The SPEAKER. The Kentucky contested-
election case was, on the motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes',.] made
the special order after the morning hour for
every day until disposed of.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Rhode Island to give us the morning hour l'or
the contested election case.
Mr._ JENCKES.' I will give way after a
few minutes.
The SPEAKER, If the Committee on Pat-
ents use any part of the morning hour it will-be
charged against the committee, asif they had
occupied the whole hour. If they waive -now
the privilege of the morning -hour they will be
entitled to the morning hour nest Friday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ofIllinois. I hope-that
will be done, so that, Sf't6r this election case is
disposed of, we may go into Committee of the
Whole on the general appropriation bill.
Mr. JENCKfi-S". I "waive, on the part of th<e
Committee on Patentsj the privilege of the
morning hour to-day.
ELECTION CONTEST—-SMITH VS., BROWN.
The SPEAKER.- The first business-in-order,
then, is the consideration of the resolutions
reported from the Committee of Elections, rel-
ati veto the election contest of Smith vs. Brown,
from tho State of Kentucky.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the following resolutions, on which
the contestant, Mr. Smith, was entitled to the
floor:
Resolved, That Samuel E. Smith, not having re-
ceived amajority of tho votes east for Kepresontative
in, this House from the second congressional district
of Kentucky, is not entitled to a seat therein as such
Representative.
Hesolved, That the Speaker be directed to notify
the Governor of Kentucky that a vacancy exists in
the representation in this House from the second
congressional district of Kentucky.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to make a suggestion.
I do not desire to curtail the time to be occu-
pied by the contestant, [Mr. Smith.] But, in
view of the pressure of the public business, 1
asli that, after the contestant shall have con-
cluded his remarks, the speeches may be lim-
ited to twenty minutes each.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I give no-
tice that after the speech of the contestant I
shall,' if I can get the floor, move to lay this
whole subject oa the table. If that be not
done I hope the House will get through with
the case as speedily as possible, that we may
proceed with the public business.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to lim-
iting speeches on this question to twenty min-
utes after the remarks of the contestant, [Mr.
Smith ?]
Mr. CHANLER. I object; and I will state
the reason for my objection. I am sure the
chairman of the Committee of Elections will
•appreciate it. One of my colleagues on the
committee requested me to take charge Of his
debate in this matter. lie is now absent, and
I must object to his being cut off.
_Mr. DAWES. I think he will be satisfied
•with twenty minutes. There is not much
ground to be covered in this discussion.
Mr. CHANLER. I withdraw my objection
on that statement.
Mr. HIGBY. I hope the chairman of the
Committee of Elections will call for the pre-
vious question after the claimant has concluded
his speech.
Mr. DAWES. ' I will press thisas far asthe
House will allow me; of course I cannot cut off
anybody.
Mr. HIGBY. It would be a pity to cut off
anybody in these contested-election cases! But,
sir, I think it is our duty to go to the public busi-
ness as soon us possible.,
Mr. DAWES. Some gentlemen have ex-
pressed their desire to engage in this debate,
and I cannot consent to cut them off.
There was no objection; and it was then or-
dered that at tho conclusion of the claimant's
speech the debate should be limited to twenty
minutes to each member.
rights op adopted citizens.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
make a privileged motion; that is, to reconsider
the vote-ordering the printing of certain docu-
ments, on motion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] The time has passed
ft>r the entering of the motion'to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. Then themotlon to recon-
sider cannot be entered. '
■Ms. WASHBURNE, of ■Illinois.' Then' I
ask unanimous consent to introduce a resolu-
tion. ' • ; ;•••.■>- - '■
■ Mr.- CHANLER. Lfet the .gentleman .iess-
jplain to-what documents he refers. - •'
. Mr. -WASHBURNE, of Illinois- I refer to
a'very large correspondence in relation to for-
eign and international questions. It may be
proper-to print it hereafter, but I wish first-to
-have .the matter examined as to the necessity
for its being .printed. . Let it go to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs for examination.1' 1
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it not nowbefore the
Committee oh Printing for examination?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of -Illinois. It is
not in the hands of the Committee on Printing,
but it has been ordered to be printed. I think
the House should take the action.I propose, so
that we may fully consider it. '
Mr. CHANLER. I'object,'because it will
cause unnecessary delay in oui1 action'on this
important subject. ' - ' ' '
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I give
notice I will on Monday next introduce a res-
olution to rescind the order for the printing
of this large correspondence. I do not sup-
pose that gentlemen want a great book printe.d
.at an enormous expense unless there is some
good reason for it. "
election contest smith vs. brown.
Mr. SMITH, (contestant.) -Mr. Speaker, had
I thought at the beginning of this'contest that
there wasnotbingmorc involvedin itthan merely
a seat in this honorable body I should not have
begun it, and if I could to-day feel'that the only
question to be settled is whether the honorable
gentleman holding the certificate from the sec-
ond districtof Kentucky or myself should repre-
sent that district I should not to-day claim the
attention of this House, however much I might
appreciate the right to represent that district.
But, sir, I-regard this contest in a much more
important, light; T can but think that this House,
in settling this and other cases from the State
of Kentucky, is called upon to establish a pre-
cedent that must not only seal the fate of' my
State but must tell upon the peace and happi-
ness of our common country ; that it is called
upon to settle a questioh that will give to the
spirit of treason its final stab or breathe into
it anew the breath of life; that it is called
upon not only to enforce a long-established
principle of law, but by enforcing that law to
make treason odious, or by virtually repealing
it to offer a reward to rebellion ; that by its
decision in this case it will offer to the loyal
men of my State, who stood true to the Gov-
ernment of the United States in her hours of
peril, who nobly raised tiieir amis in her de-
fense when she was bleeding at every pore and
trembling to her very center, protection in life,
liberty, and property, or it will banish them,
'with their wives and children, from their homes
and their State. And, sir, regarding this con-
test in this light, I should have felt had I not
entered it that [ had been untrue to my coun-
try, to my State, to my district,and to myself;
and, having begun the contest, I should feel
equally remiss in my duty if I did not use all
honorable means to conduct it to a successful
termination.
In order that we may arrive at a just conclu-
sion of the importance of the question under
consideration it is necessary that we carefully
consider the present condition of our country
and the effect which the decision of this case
is most likely to have upon the country. It is
necessary that we remember that we have just
passed through one of the most causeless and
bloody wars that ever cursed this or any other
land or nation ; through a war that has laid
waste a large portion of our country, and that
has cost us the lives of over three hundred
thousand of our citizens, that has whitened
our hill-tops with bleaching bones of our no-
blest sons, and that has made our valleys run,
as it were, crimson with their gore ; through a
war that has filled onr entire land with maimed
and wounded soldiers and with weeping wid-
ows and wailing orphans; that has left almost
