1190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
every hearth-stone in our land desolate and
every heart bleeding ; that has engendered in
the hearts of our people an animosity hitherto
unknown in our country, and that has left upon
us the burdens of an immense debt; and, now
that the war has closed, it becomes the duty of
every patriot not only.to do everything in his
power to heal the bleeding wounds and restore
our country to her former state of peace and
prosperity, but to guard well against a recur-
rence of the same evils. We cannot, sir, close
our eyes to the fact that, notwithstanding the
roar of the cannon and the rattle of musketry
has ceased in our land, there is much to be
done before our country can move forward in
that manner in which every true man desires
to see her move. If we look around us to-day
we see many seats in this Hall vacant; if we
look abroad we see that part of our country
once represented by the men who occupied the
chairs now vacant in this House under military
government, and that ere these seats can again
be filled many questions growing out of this
war that are of vital importance to our country
must be met and settled.
And, sir, if we examine the records of past
ages, if we peruse the history of any war that
has laid waste any part of this earth, or if we
only consult our own observations, we shall
find that he who marshals and leads to battle
his hosts and conquers for his country an hon-
orable peace has little td do in comparison
with those men upon whom devolves the ar-
duous duty of clearing away the smoke and
dust of battle and of harmonizing the con-
tending elements that invariably exist after a
civil war of any considerable magnitude; and
it is upon the manner in which these men dis-
charge this duty that depends the success or
failure of a war, let it have closed however
gloriously. It is for them to determine whether
the fruits of victory are to be preserved or
thrown away. And, sir, upon the Congress
of the United States rests the responsible duty
of settling the great questions growing out of
our late unfortunate difficulties. If these ques-
tions are wisely and patriotically settled we
secure to ourselves and hand down to coming
generations the fruits for which so many of
our countrymen have'bled. But if not so set-
tled we lose for ourselves and our posterity the
fruits of their blood; and in view of these
things the question will naturally arise who
arc to settle these great and important points—
the men who bared their bosoms to the storm
of war in defense of their eountry and honor,
or those who enlisted under the banner of her
enemies and unsheathed their swords agaiust
herV From the close of the war to the present
the Government has acted upon the principle
that her friends were the only safe custodians
of her honor. Her every step at reconstruc-
tion has been based upon this principle. To
that end she has guarded the entrance to her
Council Chambers and to all her offices of trust
and profit by requiring aspirants to her favors
to swear to their devotion to her integrity and
her honor.
But, sir, she is to-day called upon, in the
settlement of the case under consideration, to
" virtually remove these guards or to strengthen
them by sustaining them. She is called upon
to enforce or virtually repeal mauy laws which,
in this our country's hour of peril, are her
"strongholds;" and it is in this light that I
regard the precedent to be established in this
ease as one of vast importance to the country.
The effect which this decision is to have upon,
my State is too obvious to need a remark. If
men who have "aided and abetted, counseled
and encouraged" those engaged in a treason-
able war against the Government are to be ad-
mitted to the Council Chambers of the nation
as members from Kentucky, or if the rebels of
the Stale are to be permitted, by electing men
who are ineligible to take their seats, to keep
the State or a large portion thereof out oi
representation in Congress—which is all the
protection the loyal men of the State have,
the State government being in the hands and
under the control of disloyal men—they will
soon make the State, what she is fast becom-
ing, a "Botany Bay" for all the traitors in the
j Government, and Union men will be com-
pelled to seek homes in some more congenial
clime; and it was this view of this contest,
and not the honor, pleasure, or emoluments
of a seat in this House, that led me to enter
the arena in this contest.
But, sir, without further general remarks
upon the complexion of this contest, I pro-
pose to notice briefly the ground upon which I
claim a seat in this House as a Representative
from the second district of Kentucky. First, I
claim that I received a majority of all the legal
votes cast at the election held on the 4th day
of May, 18(57, for the purpose of electing a
member to the Fortieth Congress of the United
States, and in support of this claim offer the
following propositions with the evidence sus-
taining them : first, that the honorable gentle-
man holding the certificate of election from the
second district of Kentucky is, under the laws
of the United States, disqualified, on account
of his disloyalty to the Constitution and laws
of the same, to take his seat as a member of
this body; second, that the electors who voted
for him had due notice of his ineligibility to hold
the office for which he was a candidate, and
that they voted for him in a captious and rebel-
lious spirit and in violation of law aud order ;
third, that if the honorable gentleman holding
the certificate is and was ineligible, and the
electors had notice of his disqualification before
they cast their ballots for him, that they threw
their votes away, and must be considered as
consenting to my election, and thai 1 should
have been returned as duly elected. In sup-
port of the first proposition 1 deem it hardly
necessary to offer proof, as it is sustained by
the report of the committee. I will, however,
call the attention of the House to one point in
the evidence iu^this case, which I deem suffi-
cient to establish my first proposition, and
which will, perhaps, aid me in discussing the
second. I will send to the Clerk a letter j which
is made part of a number of depositions taken
in this case, which 1 desire to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
[From the Louisville Courier, May 15, 1861.]
Elieabktiitowk, April IS, 1861.
Editor Louisville Courier:
My attention has bocn called to the following par-
agraph, which appeared in your paper of this date:
"John Youxo Br.owx's Position".—This gentle-
man, in reply to some searchinginterrogatories put to
liim by Governor Helm, said, in reference to the call
of the President for four legimeuts of volunteers to
march against the ,South, 'I would not send a soli-
tary man to aid that Government,, and those who
volunteer should be shot down in their tracks."' -
This ambiguous report of my remarks has, I find,
been misunderstood by some who have read it, who
oonstruo my language to apply to the government
of the confederate State*,! What I did say was this:
" Not ono man or one dollar will Kentucky furnish
Lincoln to aid him in his unholy war against the
South. It this northern Army shall attempt to cross
our borders we will resist it unto death; and if one
man shall bo found in our Commonwealth to volun-
teer to join them he ought, and I believe will, be
shot down before he leaves the 8tate."
This was not said in reply to any question pro-
pounded by ex-Governor Helm, as you have stated,
and is nothing more than 1 lrequently uttered, pub-
licly and privately, prior to my debate with him.
llespeetfutly,
JOHN YOUNG BROWN.
Mr. SMITH, (contestant.) That the hon-
orable gentleman is the author of this letter
there is ample proof, but it is unnecessary to
refer to it, as that fact was admitted before the
committee to which this matter was referred
and has not nor will not be controverted be-
fore this House. It will be observed that this
letter was published on the 15th day of Mav.
18G1, after the war had actually begun and after
recruiting for both the confederate and Federal
i armies had commenced in Kentucky, and more
than a month after the flag of our country had
. trailed in dust before a victorious enemy that
it was published when the "tocsin of war" was
being sounded throughoutallourland and when
our heroes were bidding farewell to the endear-
ments of home and rushing to the "tented
field" to mingle in the blood and dust of bat-
tle in defense of their country's flag. If we
peruse with care this remarkable document we
shall find that on the 18th day of April, 1861,
there had appeared in the Louisville Courier—a
paper noted from the beginning of the war to its
close for its treasonable proclivities, and the
acknowledged organ of the rebel party in Ken-
tucky—an article in which the gentleman was
represented as having made use of the follow-
ing remark:
" I would not send a solitary man to aid that Gov-
ernment. and those who volunteer should be shot
down in their tracks."
Now, it would seem that this remark was suf-
ficient to have fixed the gentleman's political
status, yet it is equally apparent that he was
fearful that his remark might be construed in
such a manner as to discourage enlistment in
the confederate army, and to avoid this he pub-
lishes, a month afterward, the following:
" This ambiguous report of my remarks has, I find,
been misunderstood by some who have read it, who
construe my language to apply to the government
of the confederate States. What I did say was this:
"' Not ono man or one dollar will Kentucky furnish
Lincoln to aid him in his unholy war against the
South. If this northern Army shall attempt to cross
our borders we wilt resist it unto death; and if one
man shall be.found in our Commonwealth to volun-
teer to join them he ought, and X believe will, ho
shot down before he leaves the State.'"
Now, sir, had the honorable gentleman
closed his letter here it would, in and of itself,
have been sufficient to have established his
disloyalty; it would have been nothing more
nor less than an overt act of treason against
the Government of the United States. But he
is still not content, and concludes his treason-
able document thus:
"This was not said in reply to any question pro-
pounded by ex-Governor Ilelm, as you have stated,
rind is nothing more than I frequently uttered, pub-
licly and privately, prior to my debate with him."
Thus by his own testimony he convicts him-
self of divers acts of disloyalty to, if not of
treason against, the Government: and upon an
examination of the deposition of E. G. Neel,
of Greenville, Kentucky, and of various other
depositions taken in this case, it will be found
that during the late canvass for Congress in the
second district of Kentucky the gentleman at-
tempted to defend the writing of this letter, and
stated " that he was proud that he had said
nothing therein that he was not fully prepared
to defend.'' There are many other points in
the evidence in this case to which we might call
attention, but I deem it a useless waste of the
time of this House to do so, and will pass to
a consideration of oar second proposition.
Before doing so, however, I would remark that
I was surprised to see in the majority report of
the committee the following:
" The most that can he claimed bv way of notice is
the alleged notoriety of certain tacts, namely, the
publication of this letter, which, it is claimed, was
evidence from which ineligibility could be inferred
by the voter. But how notorious were even these
facts? Ihe letter was published in 18(31—six years
before the elections. It was reproduced on the stump;
but m how many of these counties—in the hearing
of how many of the very men who afteiward. on
election day, east their votes tor ilr. Brown—does
not appear."
I will, Mr. Speaker, answer the questions
thus propounded by calling attention to the
evidence on this point: and in support of this
would call attention to the following language,
which may be found in the deposition of Walter
Evans, on page 25 of the printed evidence in
this ease:
I ha\c examined tlie said printed copy of said
letter and reicr to it, as attached by Mr. Land and
marked with his signature, as part of my deposition.
In a discussion which I heard in ilopkinsville, Ken-
tucky, early in April, 1867, between Mr. Brown and
his then only opponent, Mr. Ritter, Mr. Brown, in
y'1 Sitter's inquiry, avowed its author-
ship, amid the wildest cheers ut his a.dmirktg friends
in the audience. No ono of these friends, that X
observed, had for a long time been accused of any
sympathy tor the Government in her arduous trial
oi war, and many of them I know to be late rebel
sotdiers; all were rebels in sentiment, so far as I
Know, and I scanned tho crowd as closely as was
necessary to ascertain this. Hon. John Young Brown
was known andreeognized during the whole eanvaas
as having been a rebel sympathizer, that gave him
applause here and was the basis of his strength. But
oi those who voted for him in this county I doubt if
, there be ten men who can truthfully claim to he
union men.
I "-K neyer heard him express a regret for having
i written the letter and from the manner in which it
