156
SUPPLEMENT TO
consummation of the erime alleged to have
been completed in 1868. I apprehend, there-
fore, that on the question of time this inter-
view between General Sherman and the Presi-
dent of the United States, in the very matter
of the public transaction of the President of
the United States changing the head of the
War Department, which was actually com-
pleted in February, 1868, is near enough to
point iptent and to show honest purpose, if
these transactions, thus in evidence, are near
enough to bear upon the same attributed
crimes.
There remains, then, only this consideration,
whether it is open to the imputation that it is
a mere proof of declarations' of the President
concerning what his motives and objects were
in reference to his subsequent act in the re-
moval of Stanton. It certainly is not limited
to that force or effect. Whenever evidence
of that mere character is offered that question
will arise to be disposed of; but as a part of
the public action and conduct of the President
of the United States in reference to this very
office, and his duty and purpose in dealing
with it, and on the very point, too, as to
whether that object was to (ill it by unwar-
rantable characters tending to a perversion or
betrayal of the public trust, we propose to
show his consultations with the .Lieutenant
General of the armies of the United States to
induce him to take the place.
On the other question of whether his efforts
are to create by violence a civil war or blood-
shed, or even a breach of the peace, in the re-
moval of the Secretary of War, we show that
in this same consultation it was his desire that
the Lieutenant General should take the place
in order that by that means the opportunity
might be given to decide (he differences be-
tween the Executive and Congress as to the
constitutional powers of the former by the
courts of law. if the conduct of the Presi-
dent in relation to matters that are made the
subject of inculpation, and of inculpation
through motives attributed through designs
supposed to be proved, cannot be made the
subject of evidence, if his public action, if his
public conduct, if the efforts and the means
that he used in the selection of agents are
not to be received to rebut the intentions or
presumptions that are sought to bo raised
against him, well, indeed, was my learned asso-
ciate justilied in saying that this is a vital ques-
tion. Vital in the interests of justice, 1 mean,
rather than vital to any important considera-
tions of the cause. Vital undoubtedly on the
merest principles of common justice, that
when the Chief Magistrate of the nation is
brought under inculpation from a series of
charges ot' this complexion and of this com-
prehension, and when the motives are assigned,
when the presumptions and innuendoes are
alleged which I have treated of, that he shall
not be permitted, in the presence of this great
council sitting upon his case and doing justice
to him as an individual, but more, sitting in
this case and doing justice in respect to his
olBco of President of the United States, doing
justice to the great public questions proposed
to be affected by your judgment—whether the
chosen head of the nation shall be deposed
from authority by the action of this court com-
posed of a branch of the Congress, and the
people resorted to again through the mode of
election for a new Chief Magistrate. 1 appre-
hend that this learned court of lawyers and lay-
men will not permit this "fast and loose"
game of limited erime for purposes of proof
and unlimited crime for purposes of accusation,
that they will not permit this enlargement and
contraction, phrases sometimes replaced by a
more definite and shorter Saxou description.
Mr. SPHAGIJE, (at twenty minutes before
three o'clock.) 1 move that the Senate take a
recess for fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Chief
Justice resumed the chair at five minutes to
three o'clock.
TheCHlEF JUSTICE. Senators will please
to give their attention. The counsel for the
President will proceed. [After a pause.] Do
the counsel for the President desire to be heard
further ?
Mr. CURTIS. No. Mr. Chief Justice.
Mr. Manager WILSON. Mr. President, I
shall claim the attention of the Senate but for
a few minutes. My principal purpose is to get
before the minds of Senators the truth in the
Hardy case as it fell from the lips of the chief
justice, when he passed upon the question
which had been propounded by Mr. Erskine
and objected to by the attorney general. The
ruling is in these words:
" Lord Chief Justice Eyre. Mr. Erskine, I do not
know whether you can be content to acquiesce in the
opinion that wo are inclined to form upon the sub-
ject, in which we go a certain way with you. Noth-
ing is so clear as that all declaration? which appjy to
facts, and even apply to the particular case that is
charged, though the intent should make a part of
that charge, are evidence against a prisoner and
are not evidence for him, because the presumption
upoh which declarations are evidence is, that no man
would declare anything against himself unless it
were true ; but every man, if he was in a difficulty,
or in the view to any difficulty, would mako decla-
rations for himself. Those declarations, if offered as
evidence, would bo offered, therefore, upon no
ground which entitled them to credit. That is the
general rule. But if the question be—as I really
think it is in this case, which is my reason now tor
interposing—if the question be, what was the politi-
cal speculative opinion which this man entertained
touching a roform of Parliament, I believe we all
think that opinion may very well be learned and
discovered by the conversations which he has held at
any time, or in any place.
" Mr. Erskine. Just so, that is my question; only
that I may not get into another debate, X beg your
lordship will hear me a few words.
" Lord Chief Justice Eyre. I think I have already
anticipated a misapprehension of what I am now
stating, by saying that if tho declaration was meant
to apply to a disavowal of the particular charge made
against this man that declaration could not be re-
ceived : as, for instance, if ho had said to some friend
of his, When 1 planned this convention I did not
mean to use this convention to destroy tho king and
his Government, but 1 did mean to got, by moans of
this convention, tho Duke of Richmond's plan of
reform—that would fall within tho rule I first laid
down; that would be a declaration, which being tor
him, lie could not bo admitted to make, though the
law will allow a contrary declaration to have been
given in evidence. Now, if you take it so, I believe
thcro is no difficulty."
And upon that ruling the question was
changcd as read by my associate Manager, and
correctly read by him, and all that followed
this ruling of the chief justice and the sub-
sequent discussion was read by my associate
Manager. The lord chief justice further said :
"You may put the question exactly as you pro-
pose."
That is after discussion had occurred subse-
quent to tho ruling of the chief justice to
which I have referred, and in which a change
in I he character of the original question was
disclosed.
"I confess I wished by interposing to avoid afl
discussion, because I consider what we are doing,
and whom wo have at that bar, and in that box, who
aro suffering by every moment's unnecessary delay
in such a cause as this.
"Mr. Erskine. I am sure the jurywill excuse it; I
meant to set myself right at this bar; this is a very
public place."
Then follows the question—
" Mr. Daniel Stunit, examined by Mr. Erskine.
" Did you before the time ot this convention being
hold, which is imputed to Mr. flardy, ever hear from
him wha this objects were, whether lie has at all
mixed himself in that business ?
" I havo very often conversed with him, as I men-
tioned before, about his plan of reform; he always
adhered to the Duke of Richmond's plan."
And which declaration  
Mr. FESSEXDEN. Is that the answer ?
Mr. Manager WILSON. That is the answer.
And which declaration came within the excep-
tion to the rule laid down by the chief justice.
The final question was then put;
" From nil that you have seen of him, what is his
character for sincerity and tiutll ?
"I have every reason to believe him to bo a very
sincere, simple, honest man."
To which the attorney general said;
" If this had been stated at first to tho question
meant to be asked i do not see what possible objec-
tion I could have to it."
Mr, FESSENDEJST. Does not that remark
apply to both questions?
Mr. Manager WILSON. That remark ap-
plies to the last question. The remark was
made after the last question was put; but, as
I understand it, the two questions are substan-
tially the same, and are connected, and the
remark of the attorney general applied to both,
as the first was but the basis, the inducement
to the last.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They were put con-
secutively ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Nothing between.
One was inducement to the other.
Mr. Manager WILSON. Now, what is the
question which has been propounded by the
counsel' on the part of the President to. Gen-
eral Sherman ? It is this:
" In that interview what convocation took place
between the President and you in regard to the re-
moval of Mr. Stanton ?"
Now, I contend that that calls for just such
declarations on the part of the President as
fall within the rule laid down by the chief
justice in the Hardy case, and, therefore, must
be excluded. If this conversation can be ad-
mitted, where are we to stop? Who may not
be put upon the witness-stand and asked for
conversations had between him and the Presi-
dent, and at any time since the President en-
tered upon the duties of the presidential office,
to show the general intent and drift of his mind
and conduct during the whole period of his
official existence? And if this be competent
and may be introduced, may it not be followed
by an attempt here to introduce conversations
occurring between the President, his Cabinet,
and General Grant, by way of inducing this
Senate, under pretense of merely defending
the respondent, to try a question of veracity
between the General of the Army and the
President of the United States ? The inter-
view out of which that question sprung oc-
curred about the same time that this one did ;
and I suppose the next offer will be to put in
the conversation between the President, his
several Secretaries, Cabinet officers, and the
General of the Army, in order that the pre-
ponderance of testimony (considered numeri-
cally, at least,) submitted here in this trial may
weigh down the General of the Army, he being
no party concerned in this proceeding. Such
an offer may meet us at the next step, because
it was a conversation which transpired about
that time.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Only the day be
fore.
Mr. Manager WILSON. Yes ; only the day
before. Wo certainly must insist upon the
well known and long established rule of evi-
dence being applied to this particular objec-
tion, for the purpose of ending now and for-
ever, so far as this case is concerned, these
attempts to put in evidence the declarations of
the President, made, it may be, for the purpose
of meeting an impeachment by such weapons
of defense.
It is offered to be proved now, as the coun-
sel inform us, that the President told General
Sherman that he desired him to accept an ap-
pointment of Secretary for the Department of
War to the end that Mr. Stanton might be
driven to the courts of law for the purpose of
testing his title to that office ; and, inasmuch
as the counsel have referred to the opening
argument of ray associate Manager, and seem
to delight in reading therefrom, let me read a
brief paragraph or two from that opening ap-
plying to this pretended purpose of the Presi-
dent of driving the Secretary of War to the
courts to test his title. On that occasion the
Manager said:
"The President knew, or ought to have known,
his official adviser, who now appears as his counsel,
could and did tell him, doubtless, that he alone, as
Attorney General, could file an inform.ition in tho
nature of a mo warranto to determine this question
ot the validity of the law.
"Mr. Stanton, if ejected from office, was without
remedy, because a series of decisions has settled the
taw to be that an ejected oilcer cannot reinstate
himself either by quo warranto, mandamus, or other
appropriate remedy in the courts."
Thecounsel refrain from noticingthisanswer
to the President's assertion so often made that
he was only endeavoring to manufacture a law-
suit and get a case into the courts ; and I am led
to believe that the purpose was not the harm-
