3238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juae 18,
ican vessels and to American shippers, then
we must relieve it from these restrictions and
allow capital to buy these vessels. It is only
a question whether foreign shippers shall do
this carrying trade for us, or whether we shall
allow our people to buy vessels and compete
with them.
And with a view of perfecting this bill, and
carrying it still further in the right direction,
I have prepared an amendment, which I earn-
estly hope the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Eliot,] who has charge of this bill, will
allow to be offered. I send to the Clerk and
ask to have read an additional section, which
I desire to offer to this bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. G. And be it further cnactcd. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to allow
the registry and enrollment of five iron steamships
of foreign construction, to bo used in the transporta-
tion of western produce between the mouth of tho
Mississippi river and the sea-board cities: Provided,
Said ships shall bo owned exclusively by American
citizens.
Mr. PILE. I hope the gentleman will allow
this amendment to be offered.
Mr. ELIOT. It is not germane to the bill;
and [ would not allow it to be offered if it
were.
Mr. ALLISON. T now yield three minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER. 1 do not desire to say much
in regard to this bill. I will first say to my
friends from Michigan, who are so much troubled
about the copper-mining interest in that State,
that the people of Massachusetts have planted
aboutsix million dollars in copper mines around
Lake Superior, the stock of which is not, as a
general thing, worth the paper it is printed
upon; and they are as much interested in the
high tariff ou copper as others are, still they
do not oppose that interest to the ship-build-
ing interest.
1 will stale a single fact to the House which
I think deserves some consideration. In 1802
we had two hundred and sixty-eight thousand
tons of shipping engaged in the fishing busi-
ness. We have gone on losing and losing our
interest in that business until now we have
but a little over ninety thousand tons engaged
in the fishing business. It has not been by
any means because of the reduction of the
bounty on codfish. Nor has it been, as has
been suggested to me, because petroleum has
put down the price of whale-oil. Kerosene
has reduced the price of lard-oil to a certain
degree, but the price of whale-oil is as high as
it ever was, to a great extent. It is simply
because of wrong legislation in reference to
our commercial interests.
This matter is not of local interest merely.
Every day we are paying to foreign vessels the
freights for the articles of commerce carried
to and from this country, and will continue to
do so .until we properly foster our shipping
interest. The corn of the State of Illinois is
not worth so much by from two to five cents
per bushel as it would be if we had American
shipping, as can be easily demonstrated by
statistics. This bill is therefore a western bill
as well as an eastern bill. It takes nothing out
of the Treasury now, because there are substan-
tially no ships building now ; there is no cord-
age, no iron, and no copper now being imported
for the purpose of ship-building.
It is said that there are fifteen ships building
on the Kennebec. Why, sir, if the ship- building
business of this country was in a proper condi-
tion those fifteen ships would be multiplied by
ten. Yet, what is the fact? You can go to St.
Johns, New Brunswick, and buy for fifty dol-
lars a ton a ship which will register A No. 1
at the insurance offices; while on the Ken-
nebec a ship cannot be built under our laws
for less than ninety dollars a ton. It is true
our ship would be better, but it would register
no better; it would not bring a higher price;
the only advantage would be that it would
last a little longer.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. The contest between our
friends from Maine and Pennsylvania, as evi-
denced by the amendments proposed, only
shows that the effect of this bill, if passed, will
be to take money out of the Treasury of the
United States; and, Mr. Speaker, as a means
of testing the sense of the House on this ques-
tion I move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. ELIOT. I raise the point of orderthat
that motion cannot be made pending the motion
to recommit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. PIKE. If the bill is not laid upon the
table I will move to strike out the provision in
regard to copper.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HARDING demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 45, not voting
02 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Beaman, Beatty,
Beck, Benjamin, Bingham, Blair, Broomall, Buck-
land, Cake, Cary. Reader W. Clarke, Cobb. Coburn,
Cook, Covode, Cnllom, Delano, Drisfgs, Eldridgc,
Pamsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Pieids, Garfield, Get/.,
Golladay, Griswold, Grover, Halsey, Harding, Haw-
kins, Higbv, Hill. Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard,
IngersolU Jones, Kelsey. Kerr, Keteham, Kitchen,
Knott, Koontx, Logan, Loughridgo, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, MeCormick, Mercur. Miller,Moore.Muflins,
Mungen, Myers. iNiblack, O'Neill, Polsley, Pomeroy,
Baum, Schcnck, Scoiiehi, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Taftb, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Eliliu 13. "VVash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, Wclkcr, Thomas Wil-
liams, A\ illinm Williams, James Wilson, and John
T. Wilson—82.
NAYIS—Messrs. Archer, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes
Benton, Blaine, Boutvvell, Brooks, Butler, Churchill
Cornel I, Ihiwes. Dixon. Ksgleston, lila. Eliot. Haight,
Hot.chkiss, Hulbuvd, Humphrey, Jenckes. Johnson,
Judd, Lynch, Morrcll,Nicholson,Peters,Pike,Price,
Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson, Sawyer, Smith, Spald-
ing, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Stone,
Taber, Taylor, Twiehell, Van Aernajn, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, and William B. Washburn—tj.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Anderson, Arnoll,
Axtell, Barnuin, Boyer, Bromwcll, Burr, Chauler,
Sidney Clarke, Dodge. Donnelly. Kckley, Finney,
Fox, Glossbrenner, Gravely, Iloiman, Hopkins,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Julian, Kclley, Latlm, George V. Lawrence,William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Mallory, M.ushall, Mar-
vin, McClurg, McCulfough, Moorhead, Morri=sey,
Newcomb, Nunn, Orth, Paine. Perliam, Phelps, Pile,
Plants, Poland, Randall, Ross, Selye, Sitgreaves,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes. Thomas, John Trimble,
Van Aukcn, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, Woodbriclge,
and Woodward—62.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the tabic; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
uul'oht of general ruslind.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting the report of
Brevet Brigadier General James I'\ Rusling,
inspector of the quartermaster general's de-
partment, for the year ending June 80, 1867;
which, on motion of Mr. Dawes, was referred
to the Committee of Elections.
twenty i'er cent. to clerks and others.
Mr. BINGHAM. I give notice that after
the reading of the Journal to-morrow, I will
call up my motion to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was adopted giving
twenty per cent, additional pay to the Depart-
ment clerks and others.
The SPEAKER stated that the House re-
sumed the consideration of the bill reported
from the Committee on Commerce, by Mr.
O'Neill, on which he was entitled to the floor.
Then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of
Illinois, (at five o'clock and five minutes p.m.,)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of citiaens
of Fayette county, Texas, for a division of
said State. . , ,
By Mr. DAWES: A memorial of Thomas
Allen, praying for payment of balance duefor
printing statistics for the State Department in
1841 under a special provision of law. _
By Mr. BANKS : A memorial of the admin-
istrators of Elias Howe, jr. aid of his peti-
tion praying an extension of his patent.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of h. W.
Sanborn, acting ensign United States JSavy,
for relief. _ _ , , .
Also, the petition of F. W. Sanborn, late
commanding officer United States steamer
Columbine, asking for the payment of prize
money to officers and crew of said steamer.
By Mr. MARVIN: The petition of the
president and directors of the New x ol'|5
Northern Railroad Company, asking aid of
the General Government for the construction
of a railroad from Schenectady to Ogdensburg,
thereby saving one hundred miles between tide-
water and the St. Lawrence river, opening to
market the inexhaustible beds of iron ore in
northern New York, and perfecting the mili-
tary defenses on our northern frontier.
By Mr. MULL1NS: The petition of Joseph
Ramsey and William T. Tune, collector and
assessor of internal revenue for the fourth dis-
trict of Tennessee, prayinga modification of the
internal revenue laws in a reduction of the tax
upon distilled spirits, and to tax the capacity
of the distillery.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petitions of 4
manufacturing firms of Alleghany and Arm-
strong counties, Pennsylvania, employing when
in full operation 635 workmen, now employ-
ing 385 workmen; signed, also, by employes
of said firms, setting forth that owing to the
want of sufficient protection against the cheaper
capital and labor of foreign countries, the pro-
ductive interests of this country are suffering
and its industry paralyzed ; and praying Con-
gress to resume consideration of the tariff bill
(as passed by the Senate) which failed in the
House March, 1867, and enact it into a law
at the earliest practicable moment.
_ Also, the petition of S. A. Pearce and others,
citizens of Butler count}', Pennsylvania, com-
plaining of the depression of manufacturing
industry, and praying for such increase of pro-
tective duties as will revive manufactures and
restore prosperity to the country.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 18, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. A. D. Gillette, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the Kith instaut,
information relative to the pre-sent status of
the claims of loyal Choctaw and Chickasaw
Indians under the forty-ninth article of the
treaty with those tribes of April 28. 1806;
wWch was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
credentials.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the credentials
ot his election by the Legislature of Rhode
island as a Senator from that State for the
term of six years from the 4th of March, 166'J ;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS,
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of John
C. Rand, F. B. Dakin, George P. Carter &
u ' ;• Andrews, and four hundred and forty
other firms and individuals engaged in print-
ing and book-binding in Boston, Massachusetts,
complaining of the insufficiency of the customs
duties to protect domestic industry against
the cheaper labor and capital of foreign coun-
tries, and praying for the consideration and
