4262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
are several matters in point which have not
yet been touched; and as one having some
knowledge of the construction and constitu-
tion of the Patent Office, and being somewhat
familiar with the laws relating to it, I ask the
attention of the House for a few moments.
Sir, if there is any objectionable feature in
our mode of legislation it is the manner in
which we are accustomed to pass conference
reports. The other day one hundred and sixty-
two Senate amendments, I believe, were re-
ported to the tax bill, and without reading them
we concurred, scarcely knowing what they were.
Again, in reference to the tenure-of-oflice act,
I believe it to be in its present terms clear and
explicit enough; yet 1 will say that if it had
not been hurriedly adopted upon the report of
a committee of conference it might have been
made so much clearer that those who were
willing to avoid the intent of its language could
not have done so. I think, sir, that in all
cases where there are several amendments they
should be printed, and where there is but one
even it should be well discussed before final
action upon it.
Now, sir, as to this particular bill, the ques-
tion is not whether Mr. Hodges shall be made
acting Commissioner of Patents. He may be
all that is claimed ; yet he may die to-morrow.
Nor is the question whether General Stout, the
acting chief officer of the department at pres-
ent—a gallant soldier and a good lawyer—shall
be continued in the performance of his present
duties. General Stout may be removed by
death to-morrow. The question really relates
to the constitution and construction of the
Patent Office, to last possibly for years to come,
and at any rate until some repealing act shall
be passed.
In nearly all the Departments, according to
the practice heretofore, and according to the
provisions of this bill, the chief clerk is the
officer upon whom devolve the duties of the
chief of the Department in case of a vacancy.
Why should it not be soin this instance? This
is apointupon which, so far as I have observed,
very little argument has been given. By the
third section of the act under which the chief
clerk was originally appointed, and which was
passed after full examination and discussion,
it is provided that:
" The said Commissioner and tho chief clerk shall
also before entering upon their duties severally givo
bonds with sureties to the Treasurer of the United
States, tho former in the sum of &10.U00 and the lat-
ter in the sum of $o,000.''
My good friend from New York [Mr. Pom-
kkoy] says that Congress in altering that law
in 18(51 left an incongiuity. Sir, it left no in-
congruity. It provided for the appointment of
tin ee cxatniners-in-chief, to whom were as-
signed certain duties not conflicting at all with
those imposed upon the chief clerk. These
examiners were not required to give bond, nor
did the act of 1861 provide that the chief clerk
should no longer give bond, and it was not
intended that the section which I have just
quoted should be repealed. Although this has
been very clearly shown by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, yet it may perhaps be shown still
more forcibly by a reference to the interests
of the inventor as involved in this question.
The second section of the act of 1861 pro-
vides—
" That, for tho purposeof securing greater uniform-
ity of action in tho grant a,nd refusal of letleis-pat-
ent, thero shall bo appointed by the President, by
and with tho advice and consent of tho Senate, three
exammcrs-in-chief, at an annual salary of i?3,000
Oflch, to be composed of persons of competent le^ai
knowledge and scientific ability"—
Before proceeding further, let me remark
that while this requirement is made with refer-
ence to the three examiners-in-chief, it is not
so made with reference to the chief clerk or
the Commissioner. The argument which has
been made, if it has any soundness, would go
to prove that no one should hereafter bo ap-
pointed and confirmed as Commissioner unless
he is a person of " competent legal knowledge
and scientific ability." I acknowledge that it
would undoubtedly be advantageous that ho
should possess these qualifications; but what
is more important is that he should have a com-
prehensive knowledge of men and things, such
as frequently fits a man better thau mere book
knowledge for the discharge of the supervising
duties of the chief position.
The section continues:
" whose duty it shall be, on the written petition or
tho applicant for that purpose being filed, to revise
and determine upon the validity oi decisions made
by examiners when advorso to the grant of letters-
patent; and also to rcviso and determine in like
manner upon the validity of the decisions of exam-
iners in interference cases, and whon required by the
Commissioner in applications for tho extension of
patents, and to perforin such other duties as may bo
assigned to them by tho Commissioner; that from
their decisions appeals may bo taken to the Commis-
sioner of Patents in person."
Now, sir, the inventor goes to the Patent Of-
fice. Suppose the examiner decides against him.
He then appeals to the examiners-in-chief, and
from them to tho Commissioner or acting
Commissioner of Patents. By this bill you
will have repealed the act of July 4, 1836,
making the chief clerk the acting Commissioner
in case of vacancy, but not the act of March
2, 1861, defining the duties of the examiners-
in-chief. You only nullify its provisions. If
the senior examiner still acts as such, you
will appeal from his decision as one of the
board to himself as acting Commissioner—an
absurdity and wrong. Of course, however, he
would not act. Then, for months, perhaps,
at a time, in every case of vacancy, tho very
provision " for the purpose of securing greater
uniformity of action in the grant and refusal
of letters-patent," designed to benefit invent-
ors, is set at naught, and there will be but two
examiners-in-chief.
Mark another incongruity in this report. If
one of the three examiners-in-chief is taken to
perform the duties of Commissioner, and of
the remaining two one examiner-in-chief agrees
with tho examiner below and the other dis-
agrees with him, there can be no decision from
which to appeal, and many inventors of the
country must go without their patents. If that
is not a complete statement of the case then I
do not know what is; and I hope hereafter,
when a committee ot' conference is appointed
in reference to the patent, pension, or other
laws, some one shall be placed on it who has at
least by his position on a committee a chance
of familiarity with the workings of the depart-
ment brought into question.
I hope, in conclusion, we shall not tnrn out
a gallant, meritorious officer, who has dis-
charged his duties efficiently, nor deprive in-
ventors of facilities for getting their patents,
which will be the case if this report bo adopted,
whenever and i'or as long a time as one of the
three examiners-in-chief is taken from the
performance of duties now required by law.
Mr. P0AIE110Y. I now yield for three
minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. McKBE. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
only one or iwo words. What I had intended
to sav has been already well said by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] and
the gentleman from Ptmisylvania, [Mr. My-
ers,] who is on the Committee of Patents.
This report, it appeals to me from the state-
ments of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Pomkroy,] is for the express and sole purpose
of insuiing, in the place of the acting Com-
missioner of Patents, a man well qualified for
the duties of the office, with a full, clear knowl-
edge of the law on nil the matters that can
come before tho office. Now, I intended to
have put this question to the gentleman from
New York when I rose before, whether at any
iime there have been any charges against the
presentacting Commissioner of Patents, either
in reference to his capacity to discharge the
duties of the office or his honesty as a man ?
If there have been I have never heard of them.
Furthermore, I desire to say a word in re-
gard to this gentleman himself. If the object
is only to insure the efficiency of the office, then
I have to say this House, from the knowledge,
it now lias, must come to the conclusion the
present acting Commissioner of Patents is as
well qualified as any of thcexaminers-in-chief.
The question was asked whether he is alawyer.
Happening to come from the same State I do
I happen to have personal knowledge on the
subject. In 1842 he was licensed as a lawyer
and continued in full practice, excepting four
years when he served in the Army. I will add
nothing to what has been so well said about
his services by the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Eldrmoe,] but I do fully indorse his
loyalty as a man to his country. If it is really
intended to promote the efficiency of the de-
partment, then we can do no better than retain
him in his place.
evening sessions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
he has examined the Journal and findsthe order
for evening sessions expired with last week.
They can be ordered, however, by a majority
vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We do
not want them.
The SPEAKER. If evening sessions are
ordered the business will proceed in regular
order. If the House adjourns to-day with-
out providing for an evening session the ad-
journment will be until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We can
have an evening session for general debate.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman know
of any member who wishes to speak?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has a contested-
election case.
Mr. DAWES. It is in charge of my colleague
on the committee, [Mr. Cook.]
Mr. FARNSWORTIT. I move there be a
session this evening, commencing at half past
seven, for business.
The IIouso divided; and there were—ayes
57, noes 62.
So the motion was disagreed to.
suspending this rules.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Pomeroy] to yield to me to
offer a resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. SCIIENCK. 1 offer the following res-
olution :
llcHolved, That a motion to suspendtho rules of tlio
Houso shall bo in order on any day after this until
the end of tho present, session of this Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the rule in regard to the suspension of the rules
during tho last ten days be read. I do not
think we need any resolution.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I think we do.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If we agree
on an adjournment then we will have a right
to suspend the rules.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I suppose the gentleman
is aware that as soon as we agree upon a time
of adjournment then for the last ten days of the
session we have the power to suspend the rules ;
but as it is not likely we shall agree to an in-
terval of ten days' time prior to adjournment,
inasmuch as we are now no doubt within less
than ten days of that time, the spirit of the rule
would apply if we adopt this resolution. If
gentlemen object, I will move to suspend the
rules in order to offer the resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would propound an
inquiry to the Chair. W hen a resolution sim-
ilar to thiswasintroducod last year, the Speaker
construed it as allowing a suspension of the
rules at any time till the end ot the next ses-
sion of Congress. I wish to know if this will
operate during this entire Congress; because
certainly we of tho minority are sufficiently in
the hands ot the majority now without being
placed any more completely there.
ihe SPEAKER. The Chair regrets to in-
form the gentleman that his memory is decid-
edly at fault in quoting his decision. It was
unintentional, of^ course. The House having
adopted a resolution to suspend the rules during
the fiiFt session of the present Congress, the
Chair held that that, continued till the close of
the session. The Chair could not have com-
mitted the absurdity of making any such ruling
