1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£239
passage of the general tariff bill which failed
for want of time in the Thirty-Ninth Congress ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the petition of
William Iioach, representing that he is the
father of Ellen Roach, who was killed by the
explosion at the arsenal in Washington city,
in June, 1864, and that he has not received
any part of the money appropriated for the
relief of the sufferers, praying such an appro-
priation for his relief as may seem just and
equitable; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
american siiarp-siiooters' association.
Mr. MORGAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 295) to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to remit the duties on certain
articles contributed to the National Association
of American Sharp-shooters, have had the
same under consideration, and have directed
me to report in favor of its passage. The prop-
osition is to remit the duties on prizes con-
tributed to this association to the extent of
$1,000 in currency. I ask that the resolution
may be considered at this time; it is rather
important, as the association hold their festival
next week.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to remit the duties on all prizes con-
tributed to the National Association of Amer-
ican Sharp-shooters for the third American
shooting festival, by friends and kindred asso-
ciations in Europe, which may be imported
into the United States prior to the Oth day of
July, 1808; but the value of the prizes so con-
tributed and imported is not to exceed the
aggregate sum of $1,000 in currency.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
jonathan s. turner.
Mr. FERRY. The Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred
the petition of Jonathan S. Turner, foran exten-
sion of his patent, report in favor of it, and
recommend the passage of a joint resolution
(S. It. No. 147) for his relief, which I intro-
duced the other day. The resolution will, I
think, lead to no debate, and as it is important
for the interests of this party that it should be
passed at onee I ask that it may bo consid-
ered now.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 147) for the relief of Jonathan S.
Turner was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The preamble recites that Jonathan S.
Turner, of Fair Haven, in the county of New
Haven, and State of Connecticut, obtained
letters-patent of the United States for an
improvement in alarm-clocks, dated July 13,
1852; that he did, on or about the 27th day of
December, 1805, file in the Patent Office his
petition or application for an extension of the
term, in accordance with the provisions of the
eighteenth section of the patent act, approved
July 4, 1830, and complied with all the re-
quirements of the rules and laws applicable
thereto, except the inadvertent omission of one
revenue stamp of the value of five cents, for
which omission only the Acting Commissioner
of Patents did, on the 12th day of July, 1866,
refuse to extend the patent. The resolution
proposes, therefore, to direct the Commissioner
of Patents to extend the term of the patent for
seven years from and after the 13th day of
July, 1800. The patent, so extended, is to
have the same validity, force, and effect as
though the extension had been allowed a d
certified by the Commissioner of Patents, in
accordance with the eighteenth section of the
patent act, approved J uly 4, 1836, before the
expiration of the original term.
Mr. FERRY. The facts in the case are
stated in the preamble. Mr. Turner made his
application for a renewal of his patent after
the expiration of its original term in the ordi-
nary mode; it was referred to the proper
examiner, and by him recommended to be
granted; but the papers upon being examined
by the_ Acting Commissioner of Patents were
found in a single instance to be destitute of a
revenue^stamp of the value of five cents, and
the Acting Commissioner of Patents did not
feel authorized to act upon the paper in which
that omission was made, and declined to extend
the patent. As soon as the fact was made
known to Mr. Turner he made this applica-
tion, and the Commissioner of Patents, in a
communication to the committee, earnestly rec-
ommends that the prayer of the petitioner be
granted.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor whether in dating this back the patentee
would have a remedy against those who have
manufactured the article in the interval?
Mr. FERRY. There has been no manufac-
ture during the interval. It is a patent of not
much value, and very little use. I am not
aware that there has been any interest created
during the interval.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not wish to give the
right to this patentee to prosecute persons who
have been manufacturing in this interval by
the fact that we now date it back and make it
good for two years.
Mr. FERRY. I believe there are no adverse
parties.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know anything
about it myself.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
order of business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to ask the
Senate to devote to-day to the business of the
Committee on Commerce. The Senator from
Maine [Mr. Morrill] gave us notice that he
should call up a bill from the Committee on
Appropriations; but ho is unwell to-day, and
will notbeabletooccupythedayashe expected
to do. I therefore ask the Senate to grant this
day from one o'clock to the Committee on
Commerce. I move that the business from
that committee be made the special order for
one o'clock.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope there will be no
special orders made for to-day. There are
various bills on the Calendar that will require
but little or no time, perhaps, that should be
considered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have twenty-one bills
in my drawer reported from the Committee on
Commerce. Last Saturday a week ag® was
set apart for the consideration of the business
of that committee, but it was pushed aside by
our reconstruction bill. I must have a day for
this business. Of course, I do not wish to
antagonize with other bills. I have not antag-
onized the bills of the Committee on Commerce,
although there are agreat number of them, with
other measures, for the reason that they would
require a whole day. I therefore ask for
to-day for the consideration of bills from that
committee.
Mr. POMEROY. There are other commit-
tees that have charge of bills of great import-
ance as well as the Committee on Commerce.
I always go with the Senator from Michigan ;
but there are other committees, the Committee
on Public Lands, the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, that have charge of bills of
importance.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; we must
assign a day to each committee. It will not
do to antagonize bill by bill. If I can only
present one bill and leave twenty it will simply
lead to constant antagonism. If the Senate
will not give me to-day. I shall ask for to mor-
row, or the earliest day that they will grant:
but a day 1 must have. I hope to get through
in a day, but may not. I shall do the very
best I can.
Mr. MORGAN, Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Michigan to say that the legislative
appropriation bill is not to be considered to-
day?
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator having it
in charge is sick, and, as I am informed, will
not be here, and therefore I think this is the
best day I can have.
Mr. MORGAN. If that be so I think it is
entirely proper that the Committee on Com-
merce should have to-day in lieu of the day
that was taken from them.
Mr. CHANDLER. Last Saturday a week
ago was granted to the Committee on Com-
merce, but it was taken from us by the recon-
struction bill, and therefore I now ask for to-
day for the business of that committee.
Mr. POMEROY. There can be no objec-
tion to bills of public importance being con-
sidered, whether they come from the Com-
mittee on Commerce or any other committee;
but that all the bills of the Committee oil Com-
merce shall be considered in one day is a mon-
strous proposition. Public bills of great import-
ance should be considered without regard to the
committees from which they come.
Mr. CHANDLER. We have given Satur-
day to the Committee on Pensions, and it is
the custom to grant days in this way to various
committees.
Mr. POMEROY. I am perfectly willing
that public bills of great importance reported
from the Committee on Commerce shall be
considered; but I am not willing to agree that
we shall go on and take up the whole list of
bills reported by them simply because they
come from that committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. If I should get up every
morning and antagonize a single bill from th^
Committee on Commerce with other meas-
ures we should spend our whole time in dis-
cussing the order of business, whereas if the
Senate will give me one day I can accomplish
what would take twenty days by antagonizing
other bills as they came up.
Mr. POMEROY. There is not a Senator
on this floor but can say that. That is true of
all bills and of the business of every com-
mittee.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is the custom, and
has been ever since I have been a member of
the body, to grant a day in this way to particu-
lar committees. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia has a day; the Committee
on Pensions has a day. The Committee on
Commerce now asks for a day. It has been
the custom of the Senate ever since I have been
in the body, which has been nearly twelve
years, to grant such a request; and I hope it
will be continued.
Mr. POMEROY. In order to break up that
custom the Senate adopted a rule requiring a
two-thirds vote in order to make a special
assignment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the question
before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
question before the Senate, unless by common
consent, until the morning business is through
with. Ileports of committees are regularly in
order; but the Senator from Michigan pro-
poses to make a motion which can only be
received at this time by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let that be postponed
until one o'clock, and then we can settle it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia to
report back the report of the Secretary, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of January 20, 1868, information
relative to the purchase and sale of vessels by
the War Department during the war of the
rebellion. The document is a very voluminous
one, and the committee thought it was not best
to order it to be printed, but to return it to the
Secretary's office, where it may be ordered to
be printed at any lime. I move that the com-
mittee be discharged from its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee,
