1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4263
as the gentleman stated. He ruled that that
was the first session of the Fortieth Congress
at which^ the resolution was adopted, and there-
fore during that session the rule would apply,
that is, till the end of the first session. It is
now the second session of the Fortieth Con-
gress.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I never doubted the wis-
dom of the decision of the Chair.
ilr. SCOFiELD. Mr. Speaker, I suppose
this is a motion to let everything through with-
out consideration.
The SPEAKER. It is a motion to allow
txvo thirds of the House to control its own
business.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It means to get through
two thirds of its bad business—everything that
could not be got through the House with fair
discussion when there was time to attend to it.
By a suspension of the rules till the close of
the session I suppose it may now be brought
in under this resolution.
The SPI5AKEE. The rule as adopted by
the House provides that during the last ten
days the rules  
Mr. SCHENCK. The suggestion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is an unworthy
one. He has no right to speak in that way of
the purposes of anybody in this House. There
are those who desire a proper performance of
the duties here as well as those who object to
everything.
The Speaker brought down the hammer
two or three times during the foregoing remark
as if to call the gentleman to order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to say I have
not made any reference to the motives of the
gentleman from Ohio that he should get up in
such wrath, or of anybody else.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I spoke of the construc-
tion of the motion—its parliamentary con-
struction.
Mr. SCHENCK. It was imputing an un-
worthy purpose.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I simply spoke of its
parliamentary effect. I did not think of im-
puting any unworthy purpose, and the gentle-
man cannot daunt me by his insolent manner
of address.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 am not attempting to
daunt.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I never speak rudely to
any man.
Mr. SCHENCK. These imputations of the
motives of members is much too frequent on
the part of some gentlemen here. It is inde-
cent. [Cries of " Order! "]
The SPEAKER. Both gentlemen are out
of order so far as the Chair can distinguish the
language used, and on account of the excited
manner in which this colloquy is carried on by
them.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to inquire whether
a resolution introduced when we are probably,
as everybody knows, within less than ten days
of the end of the session 
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, a point of
Order.
. Mr. SCHENCK. Whether such a resolu-
tion is not in accordance with the spirit of the
rule which authorizes a suspension of the rules
within ten days of the close of the session ? !
The SPEAKER. The Chair can only j
answer that the rules as adopted by the House ]
provide that during the last ten days of the j
session the rules may be suspended by a two- j
thirds vote. The gentleman from Pennsylva- 1
nia [Mr. Scofield] will now state his point
of order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I was called to order and
made to stop talking, and I wanted to know
if the gentleman from Ohio who got up to assail
me could go on ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not get up to assail
you.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
make a parliamentary inquiry, and it is this :
after a resolution to adjourn is agreed upon by
both Houses, is it not in order from that time
to the end of the session to move to suspend
the rules ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, that
is enough.
The SPEAKER! Provided it is within ten
days of the end of the session.
The question was put on Mr. Sciiexck'k
motion to suspend the rules; and there were—
ayes Go, noes CI.
So (two-thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
pay of james ii. burcii, contestant.
Mr. KERR. I desire to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution to
pay Mr. Burch, a contestant from Missouri,
was defeated this morning.
Mr. PILE. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Tlie SPEAKER. The motion is not before
the House. The House is engaged in consid-
ering the report of the committee of conference.
Did the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb]
vote with the majority?
Mr. KERR. No, sir; I voted with the
minority.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman can-
not move to reconsider.
Mr. KERR. Then I will get some other
gentleman to make the motion.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. _ I voted
with the majority, and I enter a motion to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
rejected.
pay of certain house employes.
Mr. POMEROY. I now yield three min-
utes to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to take up
the time of the House in discussing the report
of the committee of conference. It has been
discussed fully by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. McKbe] and others. I fully in-
dorse their views and hope the report of the
committee of confcrenee will not be agreed to.
I do not desire to say more on that subject,
but will occupy the remainder of my three
minutes in asking the House to pass a small
resolution, if the gentleman from New York
will allow me.
Mr. POMEROY. I must object to any res-
olution.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the gentleman will
not object. It will take less time than the
three minutes he has yielded to me. Let the
resolution be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper bo instructed to
retain in his service during the vacation of Congress
all the crippled soldiers now in his employ.
Mr. POMEPiOY. I do not object to that.
Mr. BROOMALL. I object.
Mr. LOGAN. I will move to suspend the
rules, and I will take but a moment to explain.
There are four men employed here.
Mr. BROOMALL. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, just sit down and I will
give you the regular order.
Mr. BR.OOMALL. Is this the regular order ?
Mr. LOGAN. I have three minutes to talk,
and I propose to talk.
The SPEAKER. If the point of order is
insisted on, the gentleman from Illinois will
have to move to postpone the consideration of
the report of the committee of conference
before he can move to suspend the rules.
Mr. BROOMALL. I insist on the regular
order.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I move to postpone the
report of the committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I now move to suspend the
rules to enable me to offer the resolution, and
I will only say that there are three men here
without legs or arms, and I wish them retained.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to suggest an
amendment. It is simply that the Clerk be di-
rected to pay these men the same pay they are
now receiving during the vacation, and that
they be allowed to go home during that period
of time. I do not want to keep them here
through the hot weather.
Mr. LOGAN. I accept that as a modifica-
tion.
_ The question was taken on ]$r. Logan's mo-
tion ; and two thirds voting in favor thereof, the
rules wore suspended, and the resolution, as
modified, was received and adopted.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
vacancies in executive departments.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the committee of conference upon
the bill in relation to vacancies in the various
Executive Departments.
Mr. POMEROY. I will, after a few re-
marks, ask the previous question, and endeav-
or to obtain a vote of the House upon this re-
port. In answer to all that has been said by
gentlemen in opposition to this report, I desire
to say that not one of them, so far as I have
heard, has controverted in the least the facts
upon which the conferees base their report. The
paipcipal fact upon which this report is based is
this: there are in the Patent Office four persons
appointed by the President and confirmed by
the Senate for their peculiar knowledge and
skill in the business of patents. The existing
law provides that in case of a vacancy in the
office of the principal one of those four officers
his powers and duties shall devolve upon a
mere clerk. That fact has not been contro-
verted by any one.
Gentlemen ask if any accusations have been
brought against the chief clerk of the Patent
Office. 1 have brought none. Yet the House
will bear me witness that within the last forty-
eight hours the House has passed a resolution
calling for an investigation into the matter of
printing for that bureau, and that, too, upon a
report made by a committee of this House. If
gentlemen ask for charges, I refer them to that
fact and to public rumor. Now, I do not pro-
pose in my place here,without any personal
knowledge upon the subject, to charge any fault
of omission or commission upon the present
head of the Patent Office bureau. All I say
is that he is not a man who was selected to
discharge those duties, and if there have been
any errors of omission or commission upon his
part it is charitable to suppose that they result
from his incompetency and nothing more.
Now, for the purpose of imposing the duties
of this Commissionership while this vacancy
shall continue upon the person who may be pre-
sumed to be best qualified of all to discharge
them, and for the purpose of testing the sense
of this House upon this report, I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken upon agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference; and
upon a division there were—ayes 43, noes 70.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. POMETiOY called for the yeas and nays
upon agreeing to the report.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were twenty five in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question again recurred upon agreeing
to the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the report
be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay the
report on the table, if successful, will carry the
hill with it.
Mr. POMEROY and Mr. WARD called for
the yeas and nays upon the motion to lay the
report on the table. . ,
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and there were twenty-seven m
the affirmative.
