THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
less one of getting the Lieutenant General of
the Army into the position of Secretary of War,
by way of enabling the respondent to secure a
judicial decision of the contested question to
which the President and Secretary Stanton
were parties, but for the purpose of getting
possession, as we have charged, of that Depart-
ment. for his, the respondent's, own purposes,
and putting Mr. Stanton in a position where
he could not get into court and secure a judg-
ment upon his title to that office—not, I beg
counsel to remember, not that we charge that
the President believed or expected that he
could make a tool of General Sherman ; but
that he might oust Mr. Stanton from the actual
possession of his office by getting General Sher-
man to accept it, and thus putting Stanton in a
position where he could not have his claim to
the office tested ; and further expecting and
believing, doubtless, that General Sherman
would not long desire to occupy the position ;
and when he might ask to be relieved from the
thankless position, to escape from the never-
ending political contests of this city, then the
Adjutant General of the Army, or some other
person equally pliant, could be put into the
place vacated by General Sherman. The Pres-
ident did not succeed in that effort. General
Sherman declined the position tendered, and,
as ha.1, been said, the respondent wandered on
dowii with his offer of place and power until
he came to Adjutant General Thomas. Then
he found the person who was willing to under-
take this work, who was willing to use force,
as he declared, to get possession of that office,
and obey the orders of the President; and now,
with that proof of the President's criminal acts
and intents in and before the Senate, it is
proposed by his counsel to make apparent his
innocence and effectuate his defense by giving
in evidence his own declarations at a time not
embraced in any of the former rulings of the
Senate. If a case can be defended in this way,
no civil officer of the United States can ever
be convicted on impeachment; and if the same
rule should apply ra the courts of justice, no
criminal will ever be convicted for any offense
therein. If the officer or the criminal may
make his own defense by his own declarations,
he will always have one which will meet his
case and work his acquittal.
I do not desire longer to detain the Senate
by prolonging this discussion. I am willing to
let this objection rest upon the authority pro-
duced by the learned counsel for the Presi-
dent, for under it, and by force of it, the tes-
timony now offered must be excluded.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Senators, the Chief
Justice has expressed the opinion that the ques-
tion now proposed is admissible within the
vote of the Senate of yesterday. He will state
briefly the grounds of that opinion. The ques-
tion yesterday had reference to a conversation
between the President and General Thomas
after the note addressed to Mr. Stanton was
written and delivered, and the Senate held it
admissible. The question to-day has reference
to a conversation relating to the same subject-
matter, between the President and General
Sherman, which occurred befor.e the note of
removal was written and delivered. Both ques-
tions were asked for the purpose of proving the
intent of the President in the attempt to re-
move Mr. Stanton. The Chief Justice thinks
that proof of a conversation shortly before a
transaction is better evidence of the intent of
an aetorin itthan proof of a conversation shortly
after the transaction. The Secretary will call
the roli.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Chief Justice be so
kind as to stale the question submitted to the
Senate and about to be voted on ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question.
The Secretary read as follows:
Question. In that interview what conversation took
place between the President and you in regard to
the removal of Mr. Stanton ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Upon this ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been demanded,
and have been ordpred. Senators, you who
are of opinion that the question is admissible
will, as your names are called, answer yea;
those of the contrary, nay.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 28; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Cole,
Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes,
Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery, Morgan, Norton,
Patterson of Tennessee. Iloss, Spraerue, Sumner,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers, and Willey—23.
NAYS—Messrs.Cameron, Cattoll, Chandler.Conk-
ling, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds,
Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Henderson, Howard,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Sherman, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Williams, Wil-
son, and Ya.tos,—28.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Howe, Saulsbury, and
Wade—3.
So the question was ruled to be inadmissible.
Mr. STANBERY, (to the witness.)_ Gen-
eral Sherman, in any of the conversations of
the President while you were here, what was
said about the department of the Atlantic?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stay a moment.
I submit that that falls within the ruling just
made. They cannot putin these declarations.
The CHIEF JUSTICE.^ The counsel will
reduce his question to writing.
Mr. STANBERY. I will vary the question.
The question was reduced to writing and sent
to the desk.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question:
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"What do you know about tho creation of tlie de-
partment ot the Atlantic ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We have no objec-
tion to what General Sherman knows about the
creation of the department of the Atlantic,
provided he speaks of knowledge and not from
the declarations of the President. All orders,
papers, his own knowledge, if he has any, if
it does not come from declarations, we do not
object to. Although we do not see how this is
in issue, if the presiding officer will instruct the
witness, as in the other ease, to separate knowl-
edge from hearsay, we shall make no objection.
I have no doubt the general knows the dis-
tinction himself. 1 desire to ask do these gen-
tlemen ask for the President's declarations
under this?
Tho CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the counsel for
the President ask for the President's declara-
tions?
Mr. STANBERY. I may misunderstand the
honorable Managers, but I understood them to
claim that the Piesident created the depart-
ment of the Atlantic as a part of his unlawful
intent by military force to oust Congress, or
something of that kind. Do I understand the
gentleman to abandon all claim in regard to
the department of the Atlantic?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am not on the
stand, Mr. President. When I am I will an-
swer questions to the best of my ability. The
presiding officer asked the learned counsel a
question. If the presiding officer does not
want an answer, that is another matter. The
question put was, do you ask for the Presi-
dent's declarations, and thereupon the counsel
undertakes to quiz me.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel for
the President will be good enough fo state
whether in this question they include state-
ments made by the President.
Mr. STANBERY. Not merely that; what
we expect to prove is in what manner the de-
partment of the Atlantic was created; who
defined the bounds of the department of the
Atlantic; what was the purpose for which the
department was arranged.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, Is this conversa-
tion subsequent to the time of the removal or
attempted removal?
Mr. STANBERY. I do not know whether
it was subsequent. It was about the time  
Mr. EVAKTS. Prior.
Mr. STANBERY. Prior to the time, I
believe.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not see that
there is any question. I stated—
The CHIEF JUSTICE. , Th^ Secretary
will read the question.
The Secretary read it, as follows;
What do you know about the creation of the de-
partment of tile Atlantic?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. -I suppose a d,er
partment can only be created by an order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Does th.e honor-
able Manager object to the question as put?-
Mr. Manager BUTLER. . [ object -to the
question altogether; but, if it is to be putj^t
all, I want it expressly, carefully guarded, not
to put in any declarations or any information
learned from the President. •
_ The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Jus-
tice will submit the question to the Senate,
whether the question shall be put.
The question being put, it was determined
in the negative. So the Senate ruled the
question was inadmissible.
Mr. STANBERY, (to the witness.) I will
ask you this question, General Sherman : did
the President make any application to you
respecting the acceptance of the duties of Sec-
retary of War ad interim ? Did he make a
proposition to you—not a declaration—but did
lie make an offer to you ? "
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Have you the
question in writing?
Mr. STANBEIt i. Yes, sir, [handing it to
Mr. Manager Butlur.] Now, we propose to
prove an act, not a declaration.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am instructed,
Mr. President, to object to this, because an
application cannot be made without being either
in writing or in conversation, and then cither
would be the written or oral declaration of the
President, and it is entirely immaterial to this
18 Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, the ground, as we understand it, upon
which the offer, in the form and to the extent
in which our question which was overruled
sought to put it, was overruled, was because it
proposed to put in evidence declarations of the
President as if statements of what he was to
do or what he had done. We offer this present
evidence as executive action of the President
at the time and in the direct form of a proposed
devolution of office then presently upon Gen-
eral Sherman.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. To that we simply
say this is not the way to prove executive
action. Anything done by the Executive we
do not object to. Applications made in a
closet cannot be put in, whether in the form
of declarations or otherwise.
Mr. STANBERY. _ Of course, Mr. Chief
Justice and Senators, if we offer to prove the
actual appointment of General Sherman to be
Secretary of War (id interim,,-vie must produce
the paper, the executive order. That is not
what we are about to offer now, for the proffer
was not accepted. What we offer now is, not
a declaration, but an act; a thing proposed by
the President to General Sherman, uncon-
nected, if you please, with any declaration of
any intention. Let the act speak for itself.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Verbal or written?
Mr. STANBERY. Verbal. Would it have
been any better if it had been in writing by a
note? Is it a question under the statute of
frauds that you must have it in writing, a thing
that can only be made in writing, and is not
good when made by parol ? What we are upon
now we have not discussed at all. It is an act;
a thing proposed; an office tendered toa party,
unaccompanied by any declaration at all.
" General Sherman, will yon take the position
of Secretary of War ad interim f" Is not
that an act? Is that a declaration merely oi
intention? Is not that the offer ot the office?
We claim that it is ; and we say, therefore, it
does not come within the question ot declara-
tions at all. He is not declaring anything about
it; he is not saying what his intention is ; but
he is doing an act. " Will you take this office,
General? I offer it to you." That is the
question. Let us have that act in, and then
let it speak for itself, whether it makes for us
or makes against us.
