1192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
find be has not, and I will not spend further
time with him, and without dwelling longer
-Upon this proposition I will pass to the third
and last, which is purely a question of law,
and in noticing it will assume'my first and sec-
ond propositions, namely, that Mr. Brown is'
and was at the time-of the election ineligible
to take his seat as a member of Congress, and
that the people had notice of his ineligibility
at the time they cast their votes for him are
sustained by the proof in the cause.
In support of this proposition I will call
attention to Haywood on Elections, a work
published in 1812, onpage 335 of which will be
found this language:
"It must he remembered, however, that in case a
candidate laboring under disabilities should be re-
turned, the election will be avoided on petition, and
that if before the election comes on, or a majority
has polled, sufficient notiee has been publicly given
of his disability, the unsuccessful candidate next to
him on the poll must ultimately be the sitting mem-
ber."
Also, tp Roe on Elections, published in 1818,
pages 25-26:
"If there be no other candidate than the person
incapacitated the election will necessarily be void;
"but if besides such incapacitated person there be also
one or more candidates, it is a very important ques-
tion whether, in consequence of the incapacity of the
former thp electors are to becalled upon to reconsider
their choice, or whether they are to be represented
by the second m number upon the poll, ho in reality
being rcgaided the first by reason of the nullity of the
franchise given to the other candidate. It will be
pecn that the latter proposition is that'whicli consti-
tutes the law in cases where misapplication of the
franchise by the electors was willful, and therefore
made, in their own wrong, but that it is confined to
such cases."
I do not contend for more than this; I do
not for a single moment pretend to claim that
the simpleiact of Mr. Brown's-being ineligible
entitles me to the seat, but I do contend that
if the electors, when they cast their votes for
him. knew that he was ineligible, that they
were guilty of an illegal acl in voting for hirn,
and that their votes were absolutely void, and
that I should have been returned as duly
elected; in other words, I claim nothing more
than is embodied in the principle of law just
stated.
Male on Elections, page 336, states the law
to be this:
"If the election is ma'de 6f a person or persons
ineligible, such election is void, cither in toto or of
one only according as the ineligibility^applies to
ail or one only, where that ineligibility is clear and
pointed out to the electors at the poll. It has been
held that the votes given to such ineligible candi-
date after notice are thrown away, and a competi-
tor, though chosen by the smaller number of votes,
has m such case been duly elected, But such ineligi-
bility ought to be clear and groundod upon some
known and settled rule of law. The same doctrine
holds at law in the election to offices in which, after
notice of the ineligibility of any particular candi-
date, the votes given for him are held to be thrown
away '*
Lord Ellenborough, in pronouncing the judg-
ment of the Court of the King's Bench in the
case of the King vs. Hawkins, said:
"The general proposition that votes given for a
candidate after notice of his ineligibility, are to be
considered the same as if the persons had uot voted
at all, i« supported in the cases of the Queen vt. Bosca-
win, (E. T. 13 Anne,) King vs. Withers, (E. T.SGeoigc
II,) Taylor vs. Mayor ot Bath, and King vs. Mondey.
In the case of Bo&cawxn r*. Kobcrt the two candi-
dates had an equal number of votes, but because
Boseawin was ineligible the votes given for him
were considered as thrown away and the other duly
clected
" In the case of King vs. Withers, Withers had five
votes out of eleven, and the other six reiusing to vote
at all the court held Withers duly clected, and that
the sax who refused to vote were viri ually consenting
to the election of Withers.
" In the case of Taylor v*. Mayor of Bath—Taylor,
Biggs, and Kingston were the condida.tes^Biggs was
objected to as a disqualified person, notwithstanding
which, Biggs had fourteen votes, Taylor thirteen, and
Kingston one. Then Lord Chief JuMice Lee, at nisi
prius, directed the jury, it they were satined that,
the electors had notice of Biggs's want of qualifica-
tions, xhcyshoutdfindfortheplamtiit, becauseBiggs,
not being^qualified, was to be considered as a person
not i/i esse and the voting for him a mere nullity. Ihe
jury found lor I lie plaintiff, ami (he court, ou a mo-
tion ior a new trial, agreed with the law as la id down
by Lord Chief Justice Lee, and refused a new tual.
All the judges held that the verdict was right. J-tiey
held that as the fourteen electors who voted tor biggs
had uorieo that he was not qualified their voteswere
thrown away; that when electors vote toi a person
not iiuahlied it is the same thing a^ it they had
gi\ en no votes at aU, in which ease it was nut dis-
puted that sileneo was a constructive consent."
Atld, sir, if a case involving this question
had been settled every day from the time a
court of justice was first organized ; if legisla-
tive bodies from the beginning of time to the
present had done nothing else than decide this
question, it would be impossible to find a case
covering more fully the case under considera-
tion-to-day than does this one. , And, sir, not-
withstanding it has recently been asserted on
this floor by men of talent and of great legal
attainments that there never had been in the
world but one case favoring the doctrine for
which I contend, and that that case had been
expunged from the journals of the English
House of Commons within two years after its
decision, I say that, notwithstanding this, the
ease to which I have just referred is not, an
isolated one. We can scarcely find a single
volume of the journals of the House of Com-
mons of Great Britain—the land of scholars,
statesmen, and jurists, the land to which the
world looks for legal lore—that does not eon-
tain one or more decisions of the same char-
acter. We can scarcely find a single volume
of reports of cases decided in English courts
of law that does not abound with decisions
favoring the doctrine contended for in this
case. The same doctrine was settle^ in the
case of Claridge vs. Evelyn, (5 Barnwell and
Alderson, page 81,) where an infant having
been elected to olfiee of clerk of a court of re-
quests, notice was given at the time of election
of his ineligibility on the ground of non-age,
and action was brought for a false return by
the unsuccessful candidate and verdict given
for the plaintiff, subject to the opinion of the
court of the king's bench. At the close of his
judgment, and after argument, Abbott, C. J.,
said :
"1 am of opinion, therefore, that he ("the infant)
ineligible, and duo notice of his incapacity hav-
ing been given to the doctois sit the time of thu flec-
tion tUeir votes were thrown nway, rind consequently
there must be judgment tor the plaintiff."
The same grounds were taken in the cases
of King rx. Coe, (Haywood on Elections, page
538;) King vs. Perry & Phillips, (1-1 East.,
page 548,) and King Bridge, (1 M. andS.,
7-1.) In Clerk on Election Committees, a work
published in 1352, (page 1-50,) will be found this
language:
"Whenover a candidate is disqualified from sitting
in Parliament, and nolicethereof is publ'iely giv en to
the electors, all votes given for such disqualified can-
didate are thrown away, and the other candidate,
with aniinonty ot votes, will bo in position to claim
the seat on proof of the existence of the disqualifi-
calion and that sufficient notice lias been given of it
to the eleetois. The principle that voles given for
an ineligible candidate, atter notice of his ineligibil-
ity, are to be considered the same as if the persons
had notvjted at all, is as well recognized by the
courts ot law as it is by the committees ot the House
of Common*."—Kiiir/ vs. IfaickiJt.s, (10 Eastman, 211;)
Ohtriclpe vs. Evelyn, (5 H. aad A., page 81.)
And, sir, the principle of law thus laid down
by Mr. Clerk at so late a period as 1852 is not
only sustained by the two cases just cited, both
of which 1 have before in the course of my
remarks referred to, but also by the Maiden
case, decided the 20th of May, 1715, and found
in 18th .Journal of the House of Commons,
pages 126 to 129. In this case Sergeant Comyn.
the candidate having the highest number of
votes on the poll, was declared ineligible, and
Mr. Tuffnell, who had the next highest number
on the poll, was declared duly elected and given
tiie seat. Also, by the Cockcrmenth's case, de-
cided on the 18th of January, 1717, and found
in the 18th Journal of the House of Commons.
In this case Sir Wilford Lawton had the major-
ity of votes. Lord Percy Seymour was the
candidate next upon the polls, and upon proof
that at the time of the election the candidate
returned as clected was a minor, the House
; gave the seat to Lord Percy Seymour. Again,
I by the Fife county case, decided in 1779, and
i reported in 1 Luder. page 455. In this case
| General Skene and Mr.' Henderson were can-
didates. General Skene had the majority of
J votes and was returned. Mr. Henderson peti-
j tioned, alleging that General .Skene was dis-
j qualified by reason of holding another office.
1 Skene admitted holding another otiiee, but de-
I nied that this disqualified him. Upon a hear-
i ing of the case, the House gave the seat to Mr.
! Henderson, who had a minority of votes. Also,
by the Kircudbright ease, decided in 17S0—1
Luder, page 72,' and 38th Journal of the House
of Commons, pages 15, 245, 415, and 689. In
this 'ease Mr. "Gordon and Mr. Johnstone were
candidates. Mr. Gordon had a majority of the
votes, was declared incapacitated, and Mr.
Johnstone gi^en -the seat.
Again, in the case of Mitchell, decided in
1690, lOfli Journal of the House of Commons,
page's 469 and 470, the House resolved that
£L- Howe, Esq., isnd his agents were guilty of
b'ribfery, &c.; tha't he was not duly elected, not-
withstanding he had received a majority of the
•votes cast, and that the petitioner who had
received a minority Of votes was duly elected.
This principle of law is also sustained by the
Canterbury case, which occurred in 1790 and
1797. In this case Mr. Baker and Mr. Saw-
bridge received a majority of the \ otes cast,
and were returned as duly elected. Mr. Gipps
and Sir John Honeywood petitioned against
them, alleging that they were disqualified on
account of having been guilty of bribery in a
former election between the same parties, and
also that the electors had notice of their inca-
pacity. These charges having been sustained
by proof,the committee rejected Messrs. Baker
and Sawbridgc and seated Mr. Gipps and Sir
John Honeywood, who had a minority of votes.
(See Clifford's Reports.) It is also sustained
by the decision in the celebrated Soutliwark
case, decided in 1796, reported at length in
Clifford's Reports, pages 131, 222, 261, 342,
and 343. Mr. Thellusson and Mr. Tiemey
were candidates. Thellusson received a ma-
jority of the'votes cast, and was duly returned
as elected, but was found to be ineligible, and the
seat awarded to Mr. Tierney. And in the Flint-
shire case in 1797, reported in 1 Peck, page
526. In this case Sir Thomas Mosteyn was
elected and returned, Mr. Floyd petitioned
against him, alleging Sir Thomas Mosteyn to
be a minor, and that he had given notice to
the electors. Sir Thomas Mosteyn was declared
not duly elected, and Mr. Floyd given the seat.
Again, by the Leominster case, in 1S19. In
this ease Sir William Cunningham Farlev and
Mr. Harcourtwere candidates: Farley received
a majority of the votes cast, was found by a
committee to whom the case was referred not
to liave the necessary property qualification.
His election was declared void, and Mr. Har-
court seated. (Male on Elections, page (>0.)
In the second Leominster, in 1827, Mr. Bish
and Mr. Stephenson were candidates; an objec-
tion was taken that Mr. Bish was ineligible by
reason of being a Government contractor, and
notice was published to the electors. Mr.
Bish had the majority and was returned. The
committee resolved that Mr. Bish was not duly
elected, but that Mr. Stephenson, who had the
minority was, and gave the seat to Mr. Ste-
phenson. (Rogers on Elections, pages 10 to
13 ; Clerk on Election Committees, page 100.)
In the Hersham case, decided in TS48. the can-
didate having the majority of votes was re-
jected on account of ineligibility, and the seat
given to his opponent.
By an examination of the authorities referrpd
to it will be found that for a period of two
hundred years the principle for which we con-
tend in this case has been sustained bv the
best jurists the world ever produced. It will
be seen that in almost every instance where
the charge of ineligibility against the candidate
receiving the majority of votes is made and is
sustained by proof, and it. is also proven that
the voters had notice of this ineligibility, that
the seat or office has been given to the candi-
date having the next highest number of votes.
And, sir, 1 to-day assert, without fear of hic-
i cessful contradiction, that there is no principle
j of law better established than that for which I
I contend iu this case. It will be observed that
J all the authors cited and all the decisions
I referred to are English. I have been unable
j to find any case settled by the American Con-
1 gress bearing upon this question, it is true
I that the commiitee in their report in this case
