im
SUPPLEMENT TO
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin,
that the Senate, sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, adjourn until Monday at twelve o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question re-
curs on the admissibility of the question pro-
posed by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Hesdeksox.] Senators, you who are of opin-
ion that the question is admissible and should
be put to the witness will, as your names are
called, answer yea; those of the contrary
opinion will answer nay. The Secretary will
call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 27 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buokalew, Da-
vis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes,
Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee,
Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Viekers, and Willey—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Ooakhng, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds,
n Ferry, Freiinghuysen, Ilarlan, Howard, IIowc, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey,Stewart.Thayer, Tip-
ton, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—27.
NOT VOXING-Moasrs. Saulsbury and Wade-2.
So the question proposed by Mr. Hender-
son was decided to be inadmissible.
Mr. TRUMBULL, (athalf-pastfouro'clock.)
I move that the Senate, sitting as a court of
impeachment, adjourn uutil Monday at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. STEWART, Mr. SUMNER, and Mr.
THAYER called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 25, nays 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cameron, Cat-
teli, Corbett, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Fowler, Frelmghuj'sen, Grimes, Henderson, Hend-
ricks, Howe, Johnson, McOrcery, Morton, Norton,
PatforMin of Tennessee,Ramsey, Sprague, Trumbull,
V:ui Winkle, and Viekers—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Conness, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Kerry, Harlan,
Howard, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nyo, Patterson of Now Hampshire, Pomeroy,
Boss, Sherman. Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—27.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Saulsbury and Wade—2.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the counsel for
the respondent.} Have you anything further
with this witness, gentlemen?
Mr. STANBERY. I propose to put a ques-
tion, which I will send to the Managers.
The question was sent in writing to Mr.
Manager Burum.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The question pro-
posed is:
At either of those interviews was anything said in
reference to the use of throats, intimidation, or foreo
to get possession of the War Office, or the contrary ?
We object for the reason that it is leading,
and the substance of it has been voted upon
at least three times.
Mr. EFARTS. Do you sayit is leading?
Mr. STANBERY. I do not understand that
it is leading.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We do not care
much about the "leading" point.
Mr. EVARTS. You do not object to it as
leading ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No, sir.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The question will
be read by the Secretary.
The Secretary read as follows :
At either of these interviews was anything said in
reference to the use of throats, intimidation, oriorce
to get possession of the War Office, or the contrary ?
The CIIIEF JUSTICE put the question on
the admissibility of the question ; and it was
determined in the negative.
After a pause—
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Have the counsel
for the President any further questions ?
Mr. STANBERY. We are considering,
Mr. Chief Justice, whether there is any other
question we have to put to General Sherman.
Mr. ANTHONY, (at four o'clock and thirty-
seven minutes p. m.) I move that the Senate,
sitting as a court of impeachment, do now
adjourn.
Mr. Manager BCJTLER. Let us finish with
this witness.
The CHIEF JUSTICE put the question on
the motion to adjourn, and declared that it
appeared to be agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to inquire whether
the Managers mean to cross-examine this wit-
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Not at all, if we
can only get the other side through with him.
Mr. CONKLING. I thought they were
through with him.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No; they will not
finish with him.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
call the roll.
The Secretary called the name of Mr. An-
thony, and he responded.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I rise for
information. I desire  
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The roll is being
called, and no debate is in order.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to inquire what we
are voting on?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. On a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. THAYER. I did not hear what the
counsel for the defense said in regard  
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Debate is not in
order. The Secretary will proceed with the
call.
The Secretary concluded the call of the roll,
and the result was announced—yeas 20, nays
32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. An Ihony, Bayard, Buckalew, Davis,
Dixon, Doohttlo, Edmunds, Fowler, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, McCreery. Mor-
ton, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, and Viekers—20.
NAYS—Messrs, Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Ferry,
Kessoiidcn.Frclinghiiyscn, Harlan, Howard, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross,
Sherma.n, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tip-
ton, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Saulsbury and Wade—2.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. STANBERY'. Mr. Chief Justice, I
will stale to the Managers and to the Senate
that under these rulings we are not now pre-
pared to say that we have any further ques-
tions to put to General Sherman; but it is a
matter of so much importance that we desire
to be allowed to recall General Sherman on
Monday if we deem it proper further to ex-
amine him.
_ Mr. Manager BUTLER. We are very de-
sirous that the examination of this witness
should be closed, if possible——
Mr. Manager BINGIIAM. Oh, no; we
have no objection.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate, sitting
as a court, adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
sitting for the trial of the impeachment, ad-
journed until Monday next at twelve o'clock.
Moxday, April 13, 18G8.
The Chief Justice of the United States entered
the Senate Chamber at twelve o'clock and five
minutes p. m., and took the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives appeared
and took the seats assigned them.
The counsel for the respondent also ap-
peared and took their seats.
The presence of the House of Represent-
atives was next announced, and the members
of the House, as in Committee of the Whole,
headed by Mr. E. B. Washburxe, the chair-
man of that committee, and accompanied by
the Speaker and Clerk, entered the Senate
Chamber, and were conducted to the seats pro- '
vided for them. I
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Journal of j
the last day's proceedings will bo read by the !
Secretary. ]
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of the proceedings of the Senate sitting for the
trial of the impeachment on Saturday last;
but was interrupted at fifteen minutes past
twelve o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
_ The CHIEF JUSTICE. If there be no ob-
jection, the further reading of the Journal will
be dispensed with. The Chair hears no objec-
tion. Before +he counsel for the President
proceed, the Chief Justice will state that on
Saturday last the Senator from New Jersey
[Mr. Frelixghuysen] had submitted a motion
for an order to remove the limit fixed by
Rule 21 as to the number who may participate
in the final argument of the cause. That order
is before the Senate unless objected to.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I send to
the Chair an amendment to that order to come
in at the end:
Provided, That the trial shall proceed withoutany
further delay or postponement on this account.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The order which
is proposed by the Senator from New Jersey
will be read.
The Secretary. The order is as follows:
Ordered, That as many of the Managers and of the
counsel for the President be permitted to speak on
the linal argument as shall choose to do so.
It is proposed to amend the order by adding
the following proviso :
Provided, That the trial shall proceed without any
further delay or postponement on this account.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I accept the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question will
be on the order as modified.
_Mr. Manager WILLIAMS. Mr. President,
with your leave, and yours, gentlemen of the
Senate, before taking the vote on this question,
and in default of any remarks in support of the
motion submitted by the honorable Managers
on the part of the House, I feel constrained to
ask your indulgence for a word or two, not so
much in the way of argument or remonstrance
as for the purpose of inviting your attention to
the precedents in cases of this sort.
It has pleased the Senate to adopt a rule
limiting the discussion upon the final argument
of this case to two counsel on each side; and
this I may say is in conformity with the rule
which I believe prevails almost universally in
ordinary cases in the trial of all civil actions,
and in the trial of indictments in the criminal
courts, even though those cases may be of very
small magnitude, and concern the public at
large to none, or but a very trifling extent. I
am not here to contest the light of this tribu-
nal sitting as a court, or of any other judicial
tribunal, to impose such reasonable limitations
upon the freedom of speech as the interests of
justice may require, or as may be necessary to
facilitate its proper administration. I admit
that time is legitimate consideration ; but in
the text of Magna Charta, comes, I think, after
justice: " we will not sell, we will not deny, we
will not delay right or justice."
It struck me, however, that the effect of this
rule was to create a condition of things which
was calculated, in some degree, to embarrass
the gentlemen who have been sent here to con-
duct this case on the part of the House and the
people. The House, acting upon its discretion
and upon a full consciousness of the import-
ance of this case, has devolved this responsi-
ble task upon seven of its members, in this
particular, although the case is one without a
precedent, they certainly have not deviated
from the ordinary rule. I know no cases in
which the number ha3 been less than live.
There are many, I think, where it has amounted
to as much as eleven. The effect, however, of
this rule will then be to exclude from the de-
bate upon this question—I mean the final
debate, and I take that to be really and sub-
stantially the onlyimportantone—at leastfour
of the Managers appointed by the House.
If time were a matter of importance—and I
am now willing to admit that it is, as the House
