4266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
From Garland to South West.
From Newville to Bloserville,
From Ashland, via Gordon, Taylorsville, and Wis-
nampleton, to Megins.
From Greensburg, via Middleton, to Madison,
From York, via Dover, Bossville, Wolbville. and
Mount Top, to Dillsburg.
From Mechanicsburg, via Siddonsburg, Lisburn,
Lewisberry, Newberry, and Yoeumtown, to Jitter's.
texnessbe.
From Belle Station to Dyersburg.
From Taylorsville, via Stoney Creek, to Elizabetli-
town.
■west virginia,
From Glengary, via Shokey's, to TJnger's Store.
From Kanawha Salines to Sizemore's.
wisconsin.
From Westfield, viaLawrence, to Spring Bluff.
Erom Freeman to Lower Lynxville.
From Muscoda to liichland Centre.
From Chilton, via Bachelor Schoolhouso, Potter's
Mills,Ducll's Mills,Brillion, and Holland, toWrighta-
town.
From La Crosse, via Chaseburg, Enterprise, and
Springville, to Viroqua.
From White Hall to Franklin.
From Neillsvilloto Dexterville.
From Hixton, via Pole Grove, to Houghtonburg.
Fiom Garden Vallej-, via Augusta, to Eau Claire.
From Vine Hill, via Hop Ilollow, to tho bt. Croix
railroad.
E'rom Goolo to Ilillsboro'.
From iJebillo, via Oaks and Xronton, to Barabo.
utah territory.
From Eagle Valley to Panacea.
From Pinto, via Ilamblin and Pulsifor, to Panacea.
The amendment of the committee, as
amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and tho bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. 11. No. 168) for the relief of
John Montgomery; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
FOURTEENTH CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to consider a resolution which 1 think
will take but a moment—Senate resolution
No. 1GG—declaring the ratification of the four-
teenth article of amendment of the Constitution
of the United States. Itis lying upon the table.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will waive that for a moment to allow me
to call up the bridge bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. This resolution ought to
be considered now. It will take no time, I
think.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to taking up the resolution men-
tioned by the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to offera reso-
lution, if it is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let this be taken up first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to offer a reso-
lution at some time before the morning hour
is over. I am not particular about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. This will take but a mo-
ment.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. If there be
no objection, the resolution will be considered
as before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will change the form
of the resolution, and make it a concurrent
resolution.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
follows :
Whereas the Legislatures of the States of Connec-
ticut, Tennessee, New Jersey, Oregon, Vermont,
West "Virginia, Kansas, Missouri, Indiana, Ohio,
Illinois. Minnesota, New Yoik, Wisconsin, Pennsyl-
vania, Rhode Island, Michigan, Nevada, New Hamp-
shire, Massachusetts, Nebraska. Maine, Iowa, Ark-
ansas, Florida, North Carolina, Alabama, South Car-
olina, and Louisiana, being three fourths and more
of the several States of the Union, have ratilied the
fourteenth article ofamendment to tho Constitution
of the United States duly proposed by two thirds ot
each House of tho Tbirty-Nmih Congress: Therefore,
Be it rcwloal by the Senate, (the House of Repre-
sentatives ooncuriing.) That said fourteenth article
is hereby declared to bo a pan of tho Constitution
of tho United State?, and it shall bo duly promul-
gated as such by the Secretary ot State.
The resolution was adopted.
PAY OF SOUTHERN SENATOKS.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 022.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to proceed to the consider-
ation of the bill at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask permission to
introduce a resolution. I suppose that is in
order at this hour.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois objects.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask leave to offer a
resolution.
Mr. MORTON. Does the Senator object V
Mr. TRUMBULL, 1 object no further than
that I wish to offer a resolution, and I want
simply to do it during the morning hour. I
offer tiie following resolution:
Jietolvrtl, That the Secretary of tho Senate be di-
rected to pay to tho Senators from tho States of
Arkansas, Florida, North Carolina, and Louisiana
tho compensation allowed by law, to bo computed
from the commencement of tho Fortieth Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that ought to
be referred to the Committee on Contingent
Expenses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If tho Senator from
Ohio will indulge me one minute I will state to
him why I have offered the resolution. 1 find in
the Journal of the Senate for the second ses-
sion of the Thirty-Ninth Congress the follow-
ing:
"Mr. Harris, from tho Committee on tho Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the letter of the Secretary
of tho Senate in relation to tho payment of tho Sen-
ators admitted from tho State ot Tennessee at tho
last session of Cougiess, reported tho following reso-
lution :
"Resolved, That tho Secretary of tho Senate be
directed to pay to tho Senators from tho State of
Tennesseo the compensation allowed by law, to bo
computed from tho commencement of tho Thirty-
Ninth Congress."
That resolution was offered on the 4th of
February, 1867, was considered, and post-
poned until the 2d of March, 1867. Oil the
'id of March, 1867, the resolution came up
again :
"On motion by Mr. Sumner to amend tho resolu-
tion by striking out the words 'commencement of tho
Thirty-Ninth Congress,' and inserting in lieu thereof
the words 'date of the resolution of Congress recog-
nizing Tennesseo as entitled to representation,' it
was determined in the negative; and on the question
to agree to tho resolution, it was determined in tho
affirmative.
" So it was
" Jicuolved, That the Secretary of the Senato bo
directed to pay to tho Senators from tho Stato of
Tennesseo the compensation allowed by law, to bo
computed from tho commencement of tho Thirty-
Ninth Congress."
That is what was done in precisely an anal-
ogous case, in the case of Tennessee, and on
a report from the Judieiary Committee, which
was made by Mr. Harris, then a member of
the committee in this body, and adopted. A
motion was made by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to limit the pay from the time tho
State was entitled to representation, and it was
disagreed to by the Senate. We then passed
direetl yon the question; and therefore I copied
that resolution and offer it here to relieve
the Secretary from embarrassment in regard
to the pay of these Senators.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho reso-
lution is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. In an ordinary case I should
interpose no objection to such a resolution as
this; but I think there is some incongruity
and some absurdity in the application of that
principle to the cases that it is meant to em-
brace. According to the operation of that
resolution, it would date hack to a time when
the office of Senator of those States was not in
existence. What is the principle assumed by
gentlemen? That until after the reconstruc-
tion laws were passed, and until Congress
passed a law admitting those States to repre-
sentation in Congress, there were no such
States in the Union entitled to be represented
in either House. Then it comes to this sim-
ple proposition: here are the States named
which, at the beginning of this Congress, were
not entitled to be represented in the Senate at
all. That is the principle which gentlemen
assume. "When the States are afterward so
rehabilitated as to be entitled to representa-
tion, the effect can only take place from the
time that they were thus rehabilitated. When
Senators from those States are afterward chosen,
to pass a resolution declaring that those Sena-
tors shall be entitled to compensation for twelve
months or more of time when there was no
State that had a proper political being, and
when there was no State that was entitled to
representation upon the floor of the Senate, is
absurd to the extremest degree.
I propose to amend the resolution by pro-
viding that it shall take effect from the timr>
that the act of Congress declared those States
to be entitled to representation in the two
Houses of Congress. I propose that the oper-
ation of the resolution shall not go beyond
that time. To reach beyond that time would
violate all principle. It would violate all com-
mon sense. To be sure, it is not my common
sense, because I believed that those States were
States in the Union all the time; but then I
have this other principle, that none of these
gentlemen are the proper, constitutional Sen-
ators from those States, but that the men who
came here with their credentials about two
years ago were then, and are still, the legiti-
mate and constitutional Senators from those
States.
Mr. MORTON. I rise to a question of order.
I should like to know by what rule the con-
sideration of the motion I had made was
crowded out by the motion of the Senator from
Illinois. I object to the present consideration
of this resolution, until after the motion I
made is disposed of.
Tho PRESIDENTpro tempore. Itis impos-
sible for the Chair to determine what will be
offered. The Senator from Illinois said he had
something pertaining to morning business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The resolution does
pertain to morning business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The intro-
duction of resolutions comes next, but not the
consideration of them, and as the Senator
from Indiana had a motion pending prior in
time I suppose it ought strictly to be first pat.
The Chair did not know that this would be a
matter that did not pertain to the morning
business. I think the Senator from Indiana
is right in regard to the priority of his motion.
It is of the same class, this being entitled to
no priority over it. At first blush the Chair
supposed it had.
Mr. MORTON. Then I ask the considera-
tion of the motion I made.
Tho PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Indiana, under this ruling, asks the
unanimous consent of the Senate to take up
the bill (S. No. 622) to authorize the con-
struction of bridges across the Ohio river. Is
there any objection? Noobjeetion beingmade,
tho bill is before the Senate.
IMPORTATION 01- STEAM PLOWS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask leave now to make
a report from the Committee on Finance. I
did not wish to interrupt the motion of my
friend from Indiana. 1 am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (II. 11. No. 754) to admit
steam plows free of duty for one year from
June 80,1808, to report it back without amend-
ment ; and I am also directed by the commit-
tee to ask for its consideration. If it is to be
passed at all, it must be passed now. If any
Senator upon the reading of the resolution ob-
jects, I shall not ask for its consideration. It
simply proposes to permit steam plows to be
admitted free of duty for one year. It will
take but a moment.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Itrequires
unanimous consent to consider the joint reso-
lution at this time. Is there any objection?
Mr. MORION. If there is no debate on it,
I have no objection.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, asin Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution. It proposes to extend and
