2218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March
si
The next amendment was to iusert as a new
scetion the following:
Sec. 2. And be'it further enacted, That said Court of
Claims, at any time while any suit or claim is pend-
ing before or on appeal from said court, or within two
years next after the final disposition of any such suit
or claim, may, on motion on behalf of the United
States, grant'a hew trial in any such suitor claim and
s t ay 'th o p ay m e n t o f any judgment therein, uponsueh
evidence (although the same may be cumulative or
other) as shall reasonably satisfy said court that any
fraud, wrong, or injustice in the oremises has boon
done to the united States.
■ The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a new
section the following:
SeC. 3. And be it further enacted, That whenever it
shall be material iu any suit or claim before any
court to ascertain whether any person did or did not
ffive any aid or comfort to the lato rebellion, tho
claimant or party asserting the loyalty of any such
person to the United Statos during such rebellion
shall be required to prove iillirmatively that such
person did,during said rebellion. coriMslenlly adhere
to the United States, and did give no aid or comfort
to persons engaged in said rebellion; and the volun-
tary residonee of any such person in anyplace where,
at any time during such residence, the rebel forces or
organization held sway shall be prim<tjacic evidenco
that such person did give aid and comfort to said
rebellion and to the persons engaged therein.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a new
section the following:
Seo. 4. And be it further enacted, That no plaintiff
or claimant, or any person from, or through whom
any such plaintiff or claimant derives his alleged
title, claim, or ri^ht against tho United States, or
any person interested iu any such title, claim, or
right, shall be a competent witness in tho Court of
Claims in supporting any such title, claim, or right,
and no testimony given bysucli plaintiff, claimant,
or person shall be used: Provided, That tho United
States shall, il tlicy see cause, have tho right to exam-
ine such plaintiff, claimant, or person as a witness.
Mr. FEliRY. 1 certainly hope this amend-
ment will not prevail, it raises again the dis-
qualification of interest, which disqualification
in the courts of most of tho States has been
abolished, and its abolition has worked well,
so i'ar as I know, both iu this country and in
England. The only effect of continuing the
disqualification in the Court of Claims would
be to exclude information which ought to be
before that court. The interest of a party,
according to the now well-understood principle
in the administration of justice, goes simply to
his credibility.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is true this section re-
stores the law to the position in which it stood
until within a year or two, when there was in-
corporated into the end of some appropriation
or otlier bill a little proviso that permitted
claimants in the Courtof Claims to testily there,
it not having been the law before; and it is
understood that that proviso was intended to
enable a claimant in a particular case—though
that perhaps it is not proper I should mention,
as it is not yet disposed of—to testily, it has
been found by experience in that court, as
might well be expected, that the principles
upon which that court proceeds, the nature of
the eases that come before it, the fact that there
is no personal defendant who has personal
knowledge himself of the transactions, make
the will of evidence in this respect iu that court
properly different from that which usually pre-
vails. It is true in Connecticut and in the
State of Vermont and in many other States
now that parties and persons iu interest are
permitted to testify; but whenever they are,
they are confronted by an opposing party who
has himself a personal interest in opposition to
the claimant or to the witness, who can cross-
examine him upon his personal knowledge of
the transactions testified to, and who cau him-
self take the stand to rebut, explain, or con-
tradict that which has been stated by the in-
terested party or witness.
Cases in the Court of Claims, from the very
nature of things, cannot be conducted in that
way. The United States is the defendant,
having no personality, having nobody repre-
senting it who can have a personal knowledge
upon which to proceed, and depending upon its
agents, scattered wherever they may happen to
be, for the proof or explanations which shall
be necessary to meet the statements of those
.nterested witnesses. It has been found, there-
fore, that the rule which has permitted now for
a year or two persons in interest and claimants
to testify has operated injuriously to the just
interests of the United States; and it operates
as an inducement to persons to bring forward
fraudulent or unfounded claims, depending
upon their testimony alone, particularly relat-
ing to affairs arising during the recent war,
when the quartermasters or tho commissaries
or tho Government officers or agents with whom
they dealt have passed away, many of them
killed in battle, or dying from disease—to
bring forward, as I have said, claims that have
no just foundation. It therefore appeared clear
to the committee that, for the time being at
least, situated as these matters are, it was
highly necessary to return to the principle that
has guided us until a very recent period. We
thought that this amendment ought to be
adopted for this reason. 1 hope it will com-
mend itself to tho good sense of the Senate.
I wish to move to amend the amendment,
however, before a vote is taken upon it, in
order to limit tho operation ofit a little. The
amendment is this: to add at the end of the
section, after the word '■ witness," these
words:
Under tho regulations and with tho privileges pro-
vided in section eight of tho act passed March 3,1803,
entitled "An net to amend an act to establish ,i. court
for tho investigation of claims against tho United
States, approved February ^1,1S55."
Mr. CONNESS. Why not let it lie over
first?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will in a minute. I
want to explain it. The effect of that amend-
ment will be to make the testimony of a claim-
ant or party in interest hereafter stand in the
nature of a discovery, to entitle the United
States, if the purposes of justice require it, to
examine him under the same principles that a
party at common law may be examined upon
a bill of discovery, and to use his testimony if
they shall desire it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President _
Mr. FERRY'. I want to ask a question.
Is it intended to press this bill to its passage
to-day?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was going to dispose
of that by asking the Senator from Vermont
to lay this bill aside, as it will take some time,
and it is very desirable to dispose of the sub-
ject that we had under consideration on Sat-
urday, the case of Mr. Butler, of the House
of Representatives. 1 move to lay this aside
and proceed to the consideration of that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Jf the Senator will per-
mit me to have a vote taken on this amendment
to the amendment, so as to perfect tho section
before it is laid aside, I shall then have no
objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDENT/.jro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be read.
The Seoketauy. At tho end of the amend-
ment proposing to insert words as the fourth
section it is moved to add ''under tho regu-
lations and with the privileges provided in
section eight of the act passed March 3, 18G3,
entitled 'An act to amend an act to establish
a court for the investigation of claims against
the United States,' approved February 24,
1805."
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to vote in-
telligently on these amendments. I do not
understand at all what the effect of this is.
lieferenco is made to an act not before me,
and which I have no opportunity to understand.
Mr. EDMUNDS, i just stated, but I will
repeat to my friend from New York 
Mr. CONliLlNG. My friend will allow me
to suggest that ho did state somethingjust now;
but, like very much that is stated iu that part
of the House, it is entirely inaudible to every-
body sitting here, and it might as well not have
been stated, so far as we are concerned.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The effect is to permit a
claimant to be examined on behalf of the Uni-
ted Slates, if the officers of the United States
shall desire, in the nature of a bill of discov-
ery. They may take his testimony under an
order of the court, and then, use it or not, as
you can use testimony obtained in answer to a
pure bill of discovery in equity. The effect of
this amendment is to put it under the same
limitations provided in the act of 1863.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to. .
The PRESIDENT prptmpore. It is now
moved that the furtj^r consideration of this
bill be postponed iyftil to-morrow.
The motion was/agreed to.
political disabilities of e. k. butler.
Mr. THCFMBJoLL. I now move to proceed
with the co\sidjfration of House bill No. 870.
The motio\yas agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committeiyof the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. K. No. 870) to re-
move political disabilities from Roderick R.
Butler, of Tennessee, the pending question
being on the amendment proposed by Mr.
Buukai.ew to the amendment reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, a man
named It. J-t. Butler is a claimant for mem-
bership in the House of Representatives from
the State of Tennessee. The obstacle he en-
counters to obtaining his seat there is the oath
act of July 2, 1802 ; for it appears that he can-
not conscientiously swear that he did not yield
aid, comfort, and assistance to the late rebel-
lion against the United States. We have be-
fore us a bill to relieve him from the political
disabilities under which he labors, imposed by
our laws ; in other words, we are asked to dis-
pense in his case with the oath act of 1802,
with the provision of the fourteenth constitu-
tional amendment—if indeed it be a part of
the Constitution—which disqualifies him and
persons like him from certain political privi-
leges, and also to relieve him from all the dis-
abilitiescreated orimposed by what are known
as the reconstruction laws. Now, sir, is this
man a proper object for congressional indul-
gence ? Ought we to interpose in his case and
suspend in his favor the existing laws'?
Mr. President, one thing very remarkable
appears in this bill upon the first glance we
bestow upon it, which is that this man is to be
relieved from the disabilities of the recon-
struction laws when those reconstruction laws
have no application whatever to him, and no
application whatever to his State. We may
sland somewhat surprised befoiethis bill when
we come to contemplate this singular fact.
Why does the House of ^Representatives send
us a bill to remove disabilities which do not
apply to this man or to his State'! I suppose
it was a simple blunder, the result of a care-
less investigation of' the case. Yet, sir, I do
not see that the Senate is bound to make itself
ridiculous because this measure has already
passed the House of Representatives ; because
there has been an oversight or an error there
in forming the bill or in passing it. Your re-
construction law of the 2d of March, 18C7, ap-
plied to the ten unrepresented States of the
South and named them ; the supplement of
the 23d of March also applied only to those
States ; and the second supplement of the l'Jth
of July had a similar application; very care-
fully in all those laws their provisions were
coniined to the ten States unrepresented in
Congress, commencing with Virginia and end-
ing with Arkansas.
'Tennessee, it will be remembered, had been
readmitted to representation in Congress some
time before those reconstruction laws were
passed. Consequently, when we came to euact
them the State of 'Tennessee and all her peo-
ple stood upon tho same footing, so far as re-
construction was concerned and so far as rep-
resentation in Congress was concerned, as the
State of New York or the State of Pennsvl
vama or as the people of those States stood
Yet, sir, we have the remarkable sr>ect'i< li 
heie of a bill from the House for which our
votes are asked, which attempts to remove no
htical disabilities imposed by the reconstruc-
tion laws from a citizen of Tennessee I tal
it for granted that the Senate will not pass the
