1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8243
work at the request of the Government. The
papers were presented some two years ago,
and referred to the Light-House Board by the
Committee on Commerce, and all the tacts
stated by Mr. Parrott were proved to be cor-
rect. Upon a report of the committee, based
on the action of the Light-House Board, the Sen-
ate at that time passed a bill for Mr. Parrott's
relief. The measure is recommended by the
Light-House Board and by the Secretary of the
Treasury, but not to the full amount he claimed.
The letter of the Secretary of the Treasury is
very short, and I will read it:
Treasury Department, April 2,1860.
Sir: Your letter of the 10th ultimo, with inclosed
memorial of R. 1'. Parrott, of ColdSprmg, New York,
praying an increased appropriation for buildinpr an
iron light-house at Cape Canaveral. Florida, having
been referred to the Light-House Board, I now have
the honor to transmit herewith a copy uf their report
under date of 33st ultimo, in which is recommended
that relief to the extent of $12,198 35 be granted to
the memorialist; whieli report and recommendation
have my concurrence.
X am, very respectfully,
ii. Mcculloch,
Secretary of tlte Treasury.
Hon. 7j.Chandler, Chairman Committee on Commerce,
Senate United States,
The papers are somewhat lengthy, and I
suppose it is not necessary to go through them.
The facts are that the work was suspended at
the request of the Government, and afterward
constructed when the cost of materials was
very greatly increased after the war was over.
It is for that that this bill is here.
Mr. CHANDLER. This bill was passed by
the Senate during the last Congress.
Mr. MORGAN. Passed unanimously two
years ago.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is there a
written report?
Mr. CHANDLER. There was in the last
Congress. The papers are voluminous ; but
the committee agreed unanimously in favor of
the claim. It is a very just claim.
Mr. MORlilLL, of Vermont. I merely
desire to inquire whether this bill makes an
allowance for the increased cost of buildiug the
light-house over the contract price, or whether
it is according to contract? Has there been
any prior allowance, and are the committee
aware of how much that allowance is in excess
of llie contract price?
Mr. MORGAN. This is for the enhanced
price of materials causcd by the postponement
by the Government. Mr. Parrott was ready to
go on with the work, but during the war he
could not go on with it. When he did go on
with the work it cost him this addition to his
contract price, and it is proposed to pay him
for it, as the delay was caused by the action
of the Government.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then this is
no part of the contract, but in excess of the
contract?
Mr. MORGAN. In excess of the contract
for the enhanced price of the materials caused
by the postponement at the request of the
Government.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator from New York whether he himself is
, satisfied that it is right ?
Mr. MORGAN. I am entirely satisfied.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Has the Sen-
ator examined the papers?
Mr. MORGAN. I have examined them
fully.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report of the
Light-House Board in the case?
Mr. MORGAN. The report of the Light-
House Board is in the papers, and can be read
if desired.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear that
report read if it is not too long.
Mr. MORGAN. I send that report to the
desk to be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The paper
will be read if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department.
Office of the Light-House Lfnito,
Washington, Han-h.A,
Sir: The memorial of It. P. Parrott, refeircd by
the Senate Committee of Commerce to the honorable
Secretary of the Treasury, and by him to the Light-
House Board for report, having been duly considered
the following is submitted :
Tbo memorialist on (he 17th December, I860, con-
tracted with the United States, through a proper
agent, the engineer secretary of the Light-House
Board, for the iron work of a firsfc-elabs light-house,
to be erected at Cape Canaveral, Florida.
Upon the breaking out of the rebellion, the Gov-
ernment desiring to suspend operations upon that
coast, as well as to avoid thodisbursement of money
at a time of great stringency, inquired of Mr. Parrott
upon what terms he would suspend the work. On
the 5th February, 1861, he submitted a letter from
which ho gives an extract in his memorial. This
letter contained two distinct propositions, the first
of which was acccpted by the Government in a com-
munication of which the memorialist gives a true
copy, as ascertained by comparison with the records
in this office.
in accordance with this proposition the United
States has paid Mr. Parrott the sum of 5512,603 68,
erroneously stated in the memorial at $12,500.
In this connection it may be proper to giveastate-
mentof all the bids received from parties who desired
to have the original contiact. They were as follows:
Gage, Warner k Whitney, Nashua, New Hamp-
shire, 569,600; James Bogardus, New York, $65*756;
People's Work?, Philadelphia, £(>3,800: Demo & Kob-
erts, Boston, $57,000; J. G. MePheetcrs, St. Louis,
655,521 87; Globe Locomotive Works, Boston, $55,000;
William Adams Co., Boston,§52,932; Pusey, Jones
& Co.,Wilmington, $19,500; Henry Steele &Son, Jer-
sey City, S17.440; Atlantic Works, Boston, 615,000;
William M. Eilis k Bro., Washington, $45,000; J. P.
Morris & Co., Philadelphia, 345,000; llittinger.Cook
&Co., Oharlestown, Massachusetts. $44,900; Hazle-
hurst k Co., Baltimore, $39,000; Xra Winn, Portland,
Maine, $39,506; Trenton Locomotive and Machine
Alanufactunng Company, Trenton, New Jersey,
$39,450; Poole k Hunt, Baltimore, £35,550; knapp,
lludd & Co., Pittsburg, $32,000; J. Morton Poole k
Co., Wilmington, $31,985; K. P. Pairott, Cold Spring
Foundry, £23,000.
The following fasts appear from this statement,
namely: , . , . ,
There arc four bids, each of which is more than
twice the amount of Mr.Parrott's.
There are nine more, each of which excceds one
and a hall tunes the amountot Mr. Parrott's bid.
If the amount asked lor by Mr. Parrott to reim-
burse him for the loss he must suffer by the comple-
tion of his contract be added to his original .bid,.the
amount will be $A0,5i7 81. There arc onlv six of tho
original bids which arc less in amount than this, not-
withstanding the low prices of labor and materials
at that time, and three of these six. are only a few
hundred dollars less. . ,
l\ie hoard has taken pains to ascertain irom man-
ufacturers the present prices of labor and materials,
and an estimate, based upon the lowest prices given,
shows that the total amount required to complete the
work is $27,594 67. . .
By the terms of his contract Mr. Parrott is bound
to complete the work for $15,396 32; which, deducted
tiom the amount of the estimate, leaves a balance
of $12,198 35, which is the amount Mr. Parrott will
lose unless Congress affords relief.
The board thereforcfiespectfully recommends that
relief to the extent ol $12,198 35 bo granted to the
memorialist. _ nTTTM^rnr
Very ic&peetfully, ^ . B. SIILLRICK,
Chairman.
Hon. Hugh McCulloch, Secretary of the Treasury.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
CONSUr.AJt CERTIFICATES.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move now to take up
for consideration Senate bill No. 442.
The motion was agreed to 5 and the bill (S.
No. 412) to amend seetion one of an act to
prevent and punish frauds upon the revenue,
and for other purposes, approved March 8,
1863, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It, proposes to amend the act to
prevent and punish frauds upon the revenue,
to provide for more certain and speedy collec-
tion of claims in favor of the United States,
and for other purposes, approved March 3,
1863, by adding to section one thereof the fol-
lowing additional proviso: *
And provided further, That in ease of goods, wares,
and merchandise imported from a foreign country
adjacent to the United States, tho declaration 111 tins
seetion hcreinbefoie required may be made to, and
the certificate indorsed by, the consul, vice consul, or
commercial agent, at or nearest to the port or place
o± clearance ior tho United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask the Senator from Michigan what the pur-
pose of this bill is, and what evil it is intended
to remedy ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will answer the Sen-
ator very briefly. This applies solely to coun-
tries adjacent to the United States. It is cus-
tomary (or farmers and others not conversant
with the law to cross over into Canada for the
purchase of animals, or for the purchase of a
particular kind of seed barley or seed wheat.
They will go perhaps one hundred miles from
the nearest port of entry at which they propose
to importthe goods without the knowledge that
it is necessary to have a consular certificate
from the consul at the place where they made
the purchase, and great inconvenience has been
experienced in that regard. The bill applies
as well to the State of the Senator from Ver-
mont as to the State of Michigan. It applies
all along the frontier. The bill is to remedy
that inconvenience. A farmer purchasing a
horse, for example, would have to go back
perhaps one hundred or one hundred and fifty
miles to get a consular certificate, when the cer-
tificate of the consul at the port nearest the
port of entry of the United States would do
just as well. It applies simply to this case,
and is meant to remedy that one inconvenience.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
LEGISLATIVE, KTC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer this resolution,
and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That one hundred and fifty additional
copies of House bill No.fiOobe printed for tho use
ot the Senate.
This is the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill, of which there are no copies
left. The resolution has received the assent
of the Committee on Printing.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted amendments in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
005) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 80t.h of June,
1869 ; which were referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN submitted amendments in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
605) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
j 1869; which were referred to the Committee
| on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
WAGON-ROADS IN DAKOTA.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, returned
to the Senate, in compliance with its request,
the bill (II. R. No. 650) to amend the act of
March 3, 1865, providing for the construction
of certain wagon-roads in Dakota Territory,
with the amendment of the Senate thereto.
Mr. FERRY. I move that the bill just
returned from the House of Representatives be
recommitted to the Committee oil Territories.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote
on the passage of the bill must first be recon-
sidered.
Mr. FERRY. I ask that, by unanimous
consent, that reconsideration may be had.
The vote passing the bill was reconsidered
by unanimous consent. The vote by which
the bill was ordered to a third reading waa
also reconsidered, and the bill_ was recom-
mitted to the Committee on Territories.
SALE OF SHIPS TO BELLIGERENTS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up for
consideration Senate bill No. 94.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 94) declaratory of t.he law with regard to
the sale of ships to friendly belligerents was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
By this hill, in order to remove all doubt
with regard to the existing law, it is declared
that nothing contained therein shall be con-
strued to render it illegal to sell or charter a ves-
sel or steamer built within the United States, or
purchased from the United States, to any foreign
Government at peace with the United States,
or to any subject of such Government, although
the vessel or steamer be wholly or in part pre-
pared for war, if the transaction is simply
commercial, with no intent on the part of e
seller or charterer to participate in any bellig-
erent act; and the vessel or steamer, while m
transitu, is to be in no respect exempted irom
the law of contraband.
