162
SUPPLEMENT TO
That the trial shall proceed without any farther delay
or postponement on tliis account: And provided fur-
ther, That only one Manager shall be heard in the
close.
The amendment of tlie Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] is to add:
But the additional time allowed by this order to
each side shall not exceed three hours.
. Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. Mr. President
and Senators, I am very unwilling myself to
make any remarks upon this resolution, because
I am so situated, upon the judgment of the
Managers, that it is a delicate matter for me to
do so; and had it not been for the qualification
made by the honorable Senator from New
Jersey I should have said nothing. But if the
Senate will consider that in the case of Judge
Peek, after the testimony was submitted to the
Senate, it was first summed up by two man-
agers on the part of the House; that then the
counsel for the respondent argued the cause
of the respondent by two of their number, and
that then the case was closed for the House of
Representatives by two arguments made by the
managers; if the Senate will consider that in
the trial of Judge Chase the argument on the
part of the House of Representatives and of
the people of the United States was closed by
three managers after the testimony had been
submitted and the arguments in favor of the
respondent had been closed ; if they will con-
sider that in the trial of Judge Prescott, in
Massachusetts, (which I venture to say in this
presence was one of the most ably conducted
trials in the history of impeachments, either in
this country or in Great Britain, on the part of
the managers sustained by Chief Justice Shaw
and on the part of the respondent by Mr. Web-
ster,) that two arguments were made by the
managers of the House of Representatives on
the part of the House and on the part of the
people of that Commonwealth after the ease of
the respondent had been closed both upon the
evidence and upon the argument, I think it
needs no further illustration to satisfy this tri-
bunal that the cause of the people, the cause
of the House of Representatives, if this case
should be opened to full debate on the part of
the five gentlemen who represent the respond-
ent here, ought not to be left to the close of a
single individual.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, I ask
for tho reading of the order as moved by the
mover, and as proposed to be modified by the
member from Ohio.
The Secretary read tho order as modified
by Mr. Frelixgiiuysen, and the amendment
of Mr. Siihrman.
Mr. STANBERY. Mr. Chief Justice and
Senators, we hope this extension of time will
not bo an injury to us in disguise. We have
neither asked it nor objected to it; it comes
from tho opposite side to have more counsel
than are already assigned by the rules which
have been adopted. We make no objection;
no objection if all seven of my learned friends
argue this case ; but as I understand the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Ohio, it is
that in the final argument, as to which as yet
there is no limitation of time, but only of tho
number of counsel, the px-ovision as to tho
addition of counsel shall be amended by a pro-
viso that the additional time shall not be more
than three hours. The time already is indefi-
nite. The rule fixes only the number of counsel,
not the time that they shall occupy. As yet
the Senate have not said that in the final
summing up, or indeed in the opening which
we have had, counsel shall be limited as to time.
I do not know in what position we should be
if this amendment of the Senator from Ohio is
adopted. Three hours in addition to what ?
Three hours in addition to a time that is made
indefinite by the rule ! I cannot understand
it. i only call the attention of the Senate to
it that there may be no misunderstanding here-
after ; and as to that matter of a limit as to
time, I hope we may say that not one of us has
any idea of lengthening out time for any pur-
pose of delay. I think the Senate can have
enough confidence in us to know that when we
are through we will stop ; that we will only
take as much time as in this great case we may
deem to be necessary. I know if we go beyond
that we shall lose the attention of the court.
Not an instant do we mean to speak after we
have concluded what is material to us in the
case. If we attempt to take time beyond that
for something out of the case we shall very soon
see, Senators, in the expression of your faces,
that you are not listening to us with attention.
For one I can say, and I think I can speak
for my learned associates, that we shall not
take a moment more than we consider neces-
sary ; every moment necessary for the case, not
a moment unnecessarily in our best judgment
as to how we are to present the case. I know
it is the custom of courts to limit the time of
counsel—they must do it—in their ordinary
business. It is done in the Supreme Court of
the United States; but when there is an im-
portant case even before that court which limits
each argument of counsel to two hours gen-
erally, whenever the court is asked in an im-
portant case to enlarge thetime, they doit and
give four hours. On one occasion I had myself
two entire days for an argument in that court;
but that case, important as it was, has no sort
of comparison with the case now before you.
Counsel, when they are limited to an exact
time, are embarrassed by it. It is a rule that
keeps our attention continually on the clock
and not on the case ; we are afraid to begin and
follow up an argument for fear we shall exhaust
too much time 011 that and will be caught by
the punctual hour before we come to other im-
portant matters. Now, I hope it is not neces-
sary to suggest that counsel are not here to use
unnecessary time, who have a reputation to
sustain before the world and before this Senate.
I beg them not to decide this question upon any
idea that we have abused the liberty which is
or may be accorded to us.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I will
withdraw my amendment, as I see there will
be difficulty in discriminating between those
who are limited by titno and those who are
not.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Ohio withdraws his amendment. The ques-
tion recurs on the order proposed by the Sen-
ator from .New .Jersey, as modified by him.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. 1 do not rise, sir,
to debate this question, but simply to ask the
counsel for tho President, while they do not
ask for this, whether they desire it? I should
like to know whether they desire this exten-
sion? They may think that they would not
ask it, but the question is whether they would
wish it, because if they do not wish it it would
make a very decided impression on my mind
as to whether it should be granted. I want to
say here, however, Mr. President, that I speak
without prejudice to anybody, because, from
the very kind attention i have received from
the Senate iu tho opening argument, which,
unfortunately, fell upon me, I do not, in any
event, under any relaxation of the rule, pro-
pose to trespass a single moment in the clos-
ing argument upon the attention of the Senate,
but to leave it to the very much better argu-
mentation of my associates. Therefore I speak
wholly without any wish upon my own part
except that such argumentation may be had
as shall convince the country that the case
has been fully stated on the one side and the
other.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I should
like to have the resolution reported.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary
will read tho resolution again.
The Secretary read as follows:
Ordered, That as many of the Managers and of the
counsel tor the President bo permitted to speak on
the final argument as shall choose to do so: Provided,
That the trial shall procced without any further de-
lay or postponement on this account: And provided
Jartker, That only one Manager shall be heard in tho
close.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I move to
strike out the last proviso and insert the sub-
stitute which I send to the Chair.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary
will xead the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The Secretary. It is proposed to strike
out the last proviso in the following words:
And provided further. That only one Managersliall
be heard in the close.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
And provided. That according to the practice in
cases of impeachment the several Managers who
speak shall close.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to ask an answer
from the counsel for the President to the ques-
tion propounded by Mr. Manager Buti.er.
Mr. EVARTS. I was rising, Mr. Chief
Justice and Senators, to say a word in refer-
ence to this question when the Senator from
Massachusetts sent up an amendment to the
Clerk. It will not be in the power of the coun-
sel for the President, if the rule shall now be
enlarged, to contribute the aid of more than
two additional advocates in behalf of the Pres-
ident. The rule was early adopted and known
to us, and the arrangement of the number of
counsel was accommodated to the rnle. Be-
yond that we have nothing to say. If the rule
shall be enlarged, all of us will with pleasure
take advantage of the liberality of the Senate.
In regard, however, to the arrangement of
six against four as would then be the odds
which we should need to meet, we naturally
might feel some interest, particularly if it is a
proposition to be entertained by the court that
all of our opponents should speak after we had
got through and we should hear nobody to
reply to before we made our arguments. The
last speech hitherto has been made in behalf
of the President; but if there is any value in
debate whatever, it is that when it begins and
is of controversy between two sides each as
fairly as may be should have an opportunity to
know and reply to the argument of the other.
Now, the present rule, very properly as it
seems to us, and wholly in accordance with
the custom in all matters of forensic debate,
thus disposes of the matter by requiring that
the Managers shall open by one of their num-
ber, and the two counsel for the President
allowed to speak and make their reply, and
then the second Manager appearing in that
behalf to close. So, too, if the number should
be enlarged, it would seem, especially if there
should be the disparity of six against four, an
equal and equally just arrangement should be
made in the distribntion of the arguments of
the Managers and of the counsel. Beyond that,
we have nothing to say.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, the ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I move to
lay the order and the amendment upon the table,
with a view of having a test vote as to whether
the original rule shall or shall not be changed.
Mr. DRAKE. I raise a question of order,
Mr. President, that in this Senate, sitting for
tho trial of an impeachment, there is no au-
thority for moving to lay any proposition on
the table. We must come to a direct vote, I
think, one way or the other.
Mr. HOWARD. Debate is out of order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
cannot undertake to limit the Senate in respect
to its mode of disposing of a question ; and as
the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] an-
nounced his purpose to test the sense of the
Senate in regard to whether they will alter the
rule at all the Chief Justice conceives his mo-
tion to be in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken.
Mr. ANTHONY. My colleague [Mr.
Sprague] has been called away by a summons
to attend the bedside of a friend with whom
he has held the most intimate relations for
twenty years, and who sent a request by tele-
graph that he would come and see him befoie
he died. I make this explanation, as, under
no ordinary circumstances would lie have been
absent from the service of the Senate even fo 
ar single day, under these circumstancas.
