1868.
TBI' CONGRESSI0NiA.iL GLOBE.
Hie to say when- a legal, writer.-annouaces a
principle which is undoubted-, itonly shqws the
strength rather than the- weakness of his text
that he fails to cite authorities. ■ I undertake
to say he knew all the legislative examples in
Massachusetts, where lie lived, and of other
States. -If he had known that his text con-
tained ;a doubtful proposition he would have
arranged his- authorities in support of his teyt.
Mr. Speaker, the legislative and judicial
authority of the State of Maine is in favor of
giving Smith, his seat. There is an opinion
of court in 7 Maine Reports which is of more
significance than the gentleman from Massa,-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] in his allusion to it;
seems to have supposed, which is directly in
point; and does not even require notice to the
voters of the ineligibility.
The opinion was signed,, among other judges,
by Chief Justice Mellgn,. a man who had ex-
perience in Massachusetts- Legislatures as well
as in the Congress of the United States. He
4oes not go into any lengthy argument, because
none seemed to be re.quired. But it was the
solemn and unanimous declaration of the court
to the Legislature under a call from that de-
partment upon the judges according to a pro-
vision contained in the constitution of that
State. That decision has never been reversed,
but from that day to this has been by all parties
acquiesced in. it is a strong reason, in my
mind, for presuming that such-was- also the
Massachusetts doctrine, that our judges had,
shortly before the date of that decision, had
so much to do in the law and polities of that
State 
Mr. DAWES. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that that is the doctrine of Massa-
chusetts?
Mr. PETERS. I only.mean to say that. I
infer from the feet that the Chief Justice,- hav-
ing been long in the Massachusetts Legislature,
and having given that opinion in the State of
Maine shortly after it became a.State, he must
have founded it in some degree upon his legis-
lative experience before that time.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will allow
me, this Luther S. Cushing was a very faithful
compiler of 'books and collector of reports.
He put this case down in the books. Does
the gentlemen suppose there existed any au-
thority in New England that he did not know
about?
Mr. PETERS. I have no doubt, if the gen-
tleman will go into the legislative annals of
Massachusetts, he will find them, as I have
found them to be in Maine, in favor of putting
a man into the seat who had the most votes
of Any of the eligible eandidatesv
Mr. DAWES. I have the book of reports
of election cases in Massachusetts, which pur-
ports. to contain evesy case. I will lend it to
the gentleman. ,
Mr. PETERS. Do you say it contains all
the legislative cases?
Mr. DAWES. It purports to;• it was com-
piled by this very Cushing.
Mr. PETERS. Very well; my time is too
short for delay at this point. I hold^ in my
hand a report which shows a late legislative
precedent from the State of Maine. It was a
case which arose in 1865, and the question was
between two parties claiming a scat in the lower
branch of the Legislature. One received a
few votes more than the other. Mr. Ichabod
G. Jordan received 382 votes and Mr. Lord
341. It was contended that Mr. Jordan was
not eligible because he had not lived in the
State a year immediately preceding the elec-
tion. He had lived in the State more than
twenty years consecutively, and was a resident
for three months immediately prior to the elec-
tion. The Constitution prescribed that he
should be a resident of the place where he lived
three months at least and of the State at least
one year, to be eligible; and the question was
whether that year was .to be reckoned imme-
diately preceding the election or at any time
preceding it. The Legislature adopted the
following resolutions:
" Resolved, That Ichabod a. Jordan, at the timeof
his election not being eligible to a seat in this House,
is not entitled to hold the same.
" Resolved, That William I'.Lord, haying received
all ttie votes in the district of Berwick and North
Berwick thrown for any eligible candidate, ia entitled
to a seat in this house." ■
That -is the Maine precedent: that Jordan
was not entitled to hold the seat-because-he
was not eligible, although .he received a' ma-
jority of the votes, and that Lord, who received
a minority of-the votes, "but who "i^a's eligible,
should have the seat. He was accordingly
voted in and took his seat in the Legislature
6f 1865. There were eight votes in the Com-
mittee of Elections in favor of the report and
one against- it, the latter on the ground that
a residence of a year was not necessary to be
the year immediately preceding the-election.
No issue was made upon the point her&pend-
ing, although plainly and directly involved.
The Republican and Democratic doctrine in
Maine has always been the same; that the
person was elected who received a majority of
the votes cast for candidates who Were eligible,
and all other votes are thrown away.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I believe some of my
colleagues have rather foreclosed their minds
in this case. But, sir, what is good law in-
Maine is good enough law for either Union
men or rebels-in Kentucky, and I am willing
to stand by this authority. And mark you,
upon the question of notice there is no evi-
dence that these voters for Jordan in the Maine
case had the least notice-that he was not eli-
gible. Probably there was not a man .who
voted for .Mm who did not suppose he was eli-
gible.' Jordan himself did not know to the
contrary. ' Even the existence of notice was
net raised. This, sir, is a gurely common-law
doctrine, as my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Williams,] in my front, will affirm. The
doctrine in that case is that the-elector must
inquire and be put on his guard—he must know
about his' candidate—he must use due'dili-
gence not to throw his vote away.
Mr. DAWES. But the English doctrine is
different.
Mr. PETERS. Yes, sir; it is different.
The Maine doctrine goes further than the
English precedents and further than necessary
to have an application in this case.
Mr. Speaker, there are many points upon my
mind if I had time to express them. Fraud
vittateS everything.. If-Brown was as disloyal
as we have resolved' he- was, as we think we
know he was, then his constituents knew it
also, and in voting for him have attempted to
commit a fraud upon us. The ballot of every
voter was thrown with this spirit as if indorsed
'on its back, "This vote-is for John Young
Brown. He opposed the war, not with arms,
but much more potently, by eloquent words and
powerful political and personal influence. I
know .it, and know that the law of Congress
-forbids his election, but I have no respect for
the law or test-oath and mean to show my
disrespect for it in this ballot." '
Another point springs directly from this, Mr.
Speaker, and that is public policy. What is
the object of the law? Is it not to get loyal
Representatives? If you admit Smith you will
get them. If you do not admit him you will be
constantly liable to have pushed on you men
whom by your enactment you have tried to
exclude.
It seems to me that all this backwardness in
admitting Smith is a shrinking from the law
itself, the statute alluded to. Supposing Jef-
ferson Davis had been voted for instead of
Brown, would yon in such case admit Mr.
Smith? But there would be no difference upon
principle. The doctrine of the law is founded
in common sense, though in many eases as a
matter of policy I would not apply it; but here
I would apply it. Some gentlemen are horri-
fied with the idea of admitting a person who
has not received a majority of the votes throvvn.
Many persons are elected who do not receive
a majority of all the votcs^ and many have
been elected without receiving a majority of
all votes thrown, where legal votes have been
rejected when thrown in an illegal or unofficial
nfimnev. A person. §aai, stay- 'away from the
polls and then his vote will not count. ; He
can go to the polls and neglect to -tfot6 or cast
a blank vote, and then his vote does not count,
Qr'hc, can vote for a.ge,rsou whom he knows or
ought to know is not eligible. What difference
whether lie throws, away his privilege: ;in One
way or the other. In eitjber manner his>yote
is-throtvn'away-. . ,
: - [Here th<; hammer fell.]
...Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] five minutes. , •
Mt. BLAINE. Mr.. Speaker, if the doctrine
laid down by my colleague [Mr. PB'W®s]-ba
the one to bg,applied to eldctionSofRepresfent-
atives to this House, it seems to me-it onght to
he called " a trap to catch the unwary." Let
us look very briefly at the essential facts of
the case-. Ever since July we -have had an
able committee of this House diligently- at
work on the question of loyalty or- disloyalty
of John Young Brown, and after seven or eight
months' investigation the committee reported
that his record was disloyal. , It took nine
astute,iaen,.with all the powelis of investigation
that this House could clothe them with, studi-
ously at work a large portion of that time to
find out that fa<cb,,of which my colleague [Mr.
Peteks] says the constituency, in Kentaeky
ought to have been instantaneously, instinct-
ively, and responsibly cognizant.
, Mr..FARNS,WORTH. And the committee
could not agree.
Mr. BLAINE. And then_, as my fj.-iend.from
Illinoi%j:emai-ks, the committee did not agree.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to know, if tliig
doctrine be laid down, how any constituency,
in the disturbed condition of the southern
States,, could ever be sure that they were to
have a foothold in this House by-giving this
Ulan or that man a certificate of election if this
doctrine prevails. The power of the House
is ample ; it has-been exercised, and exercised
with tremendous power, in refusing ,t  let John
Young Brown take the oath and asstuae a seat
in this IJouse, and I—one among the major-
ity—voted to refuse him the, right to sit here;
but I am not going to turn round thereafter*
and with this House elect a man to, represent
that district. Let them have another chance.
If they send a loyal man here with a majority
vote he shall take the oath. If they, send a
disloyal man here we will, send him back, and
we can stand that just as' long as the second
district, in Kentucky can stand it.
It seems to me; Mr.' Speaker, that i£ there
was anything decided by the election in ,this
district in Kentucky, it was that they did not
want Mr. Smith to represent them. What
they decided affirmatively I do not say, but I
say these voters honestly voted that they did
not want the gentleman who appears here as a
claimant, to represent them. Now, it appears
to me to, be stretching technical construction
to the,last point, where it cracks and where it
breaks, if you are going to hold up nine, ten,
or twenty thousand men to an accurate knowl-
edge of the precise political record of the vari-
ous candidates asking their suffrage. We have
a peculiar case ponding now, I believe, before
the Committee of Elections. One of the gen-
tlemen from Tennessee, who is in sympathy
with this side of the House, Mr. Butler, was
arrested at the Speaker's desk on the first day
of the session and was not allowed to take the
oath because he had once taken the oath to
support the confederate constitution. If the
Committee of Elections s'hall report that he is
ineligible on that account, why, of course, then
his copperhead competitor by this construction
comes immediately in.
Mr. ELD RID OE. I rise to a question of
order. i insist that the term "copperhead ■
is not parliamentary.
Mr. BLAINE. I recall the word; 1 never
used it before in debate here; I will say his
Democratic competitor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaine] ianot speaking of any gentleman
in the House, but of Mr. Butler's competitor
