1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2321:
that the Senate can be informed ot the effect
of this legislation so fully as to justify them in
acting upon it, this morning. It is to be re-
gretted thai the measure is crowded up so near
to the day it is to take effect; but that is no
answer when Senators desire an opportunity to
know what the proposition of the committee
really is. Now, I do not suppose there is a
Senator here who knows 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that every word of this is printed on the
table with some slight modifications of the
fourth section exempting breadstuffs and lum-
ber, excepting the last section which takes
away the power to compromise under this act
except with the consent of the Secretary of
the Treasury and Attorney General. I will ask
the Secretary to read the last section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let it be
read.
The Secretary read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That no compromise,
discontinuance, or nolle prosequi of any prosecution
under this act shall he allowed without the permis-
sion in writing of the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Attorney General.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not able to tell
what change this makes in the law. It pro-
vides for the forfeiture of property and for per-
sonal punishment. How does the law now
stand? There are forfeitures of property, con-
fiscation, if I may so express it, under the
judgment of a court as the law now stands;
but what changes does this propose ? I think
it is due to the Senate that we should have an
opportunity to know what it is. I have no ob-
jection to passing it to-morrow, if it is right,
but I think we ought to postpone it until to-
morrow and have it printed. Therefore I make
the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the report of the committee be printed
and the subject postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope not.
I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. OATTELL. It is a very important bill.
Let us have a vote.
Mr. GRIMES. Itis still more important that
we should understand what the bill is than it is
that we should have a vote. I want, to under-
stand from the chairman of the committee
whether or not there is a provision here that
if a party shall surreptitiously introduce into
leased property a small distillery, and the dis-
covery is made that there is a violation of law
going on there, the property of the lessor shall
be forfeited.
Mr. SHERMAN. The section as it now
stands, 1 think, for offenses that occur a^fter it
takes effect, does forfeit the property, but not
for offenses that occurred before, nor as to
leases that occcurred before. It would not
affect anything that occurred before the passage
of this act.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I might
vote for this report, and certainly I should not
object to it but for a portion of the section pre-
ceding the last. It reads that if any officer or
agent appointed, acting under the authority of
the revenue laws of the United States, ,l shall
be guilty of gross neglect in the discharge of
any of the duties of his office," he is to bo pun-
ished on conviction. I can never consent to
place a man in a position to be punished merely
on the broad general ground of'' gross neglect.''
That cannot be the ground of a criminal pros-
ecution ; it may be of civil liability; but to make
it a crime on the part of the party defendant
when it was the consequence of a want of capa-
city, or of carelessness, if you will, is entirely
without precedent, and I should be unwilling
to consent to sucl\a principle being established.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the honorable
member from Ohio is mistaken as to the effect
of this bill. If it is to go over I have no desire
to say anything; and I think it ought to go
over, that we may understand exactly the
effect of the bill. If we are to act on it now
I will say that the explanation made by the
honorable member from Ohio is not satisfac-
tory to me in the particular as to which in-
quiry was made by the honorable member
from Iowa. If there be a lease now, a con-
tinuing lease, the lessor having no knowledge
at all of the purpose for which his property
was to be used, and the property shall here-
after be used so as to bring it within the terms
of this act, tho lessor's interest would be for-
feited. Again, assuming that it does not cover
the case of an existing lease, it certainly covers
the case of leases to be made hereafter. Par-
ties may very well lease their houses without
the slightest knowledge of the purpose to which
the lessee is about to devote them; the lessor
may be altogether innocent; and yet, under
this bill, if the lessee does use the premises in
contravention of the terms of this bill, the prop-
erty of the lessor is to be forfeited. That ap-
pears to me to be very rigid. I cannot tell,
without seeing the bill in print, whether that is
the scope of it or not; but I so understand
from the reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. I see Senators are de-
termined not to allow the vote to be taken on
this matter before we are compelled to pro-
ceed to another duty. I therefore give notice
that at as early an hour of the day as I can
possibly do it I will move an adjournment of
the court of impeachment, with a view to con-
tinue the discussion of this bill. In the mean-
time 1 will try to get it printed. I have no
doubt it can be printed by three or four o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the order to
print will be entered now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana, that the subject be postponed until
to-morrow, and that the report be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the postpone-
ment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I modify my motion
so as to make it simply an order to print. I
do not care about what time we debate it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho mo-
tion now is that the report be entered to be
printed.
Mr. HOWE. I simply want to sfy that if I
understand this report it is satisfactory to me,
but 1 suppose my name is not appended to it.
1 learned this morning for the first time offi-
cially, and only upon inquiry at the desk, that
I was upon the committee of conference. The
paper yesterday reported that it was Mr. How-
ard who was a member of the committee. I
never received any notice of the meeting of
the committee ; I did not know that there had
been any meeting of the committee, and did
not know until this morning that I was a mem-
ber of the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe my name was
audibly announced on the appointment of the
committee, and I received a formal notice from
the proper clerk to attend the meeting of tho
conferees this morning, which I did, and I
signed the report accordingly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] and tho Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] and the Sen-
uator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] were ap-
pointed on the committee.
Mr. HOWE. I was so informed at the desk
this morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the trouble
grew out of the similarity of name. I heard
the Chair or some one distinctly announce Mr.
Howard, the Senator from Michigan, as a
member of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No ; Mr.
Howe.
Mr. SHERMAN. Either of them would
have been very acceptable indeed, and I (sup-
pose both agree substantially. Mr. Howard's
name was printed in the papers as one of the
committee, and the clerk gave notice accord-
ingly.
The report was ordered to be printed.
political disabilities of e. r. butler.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suppose House bill
No. 870, on which I was speaking, is now again
before the Senate
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. " It is.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President now, I
suppose I shall not be able to proceed with my
remarks at this time, as the hour has arrived
for entering upon another duty. I can only
express my regret that I was not permitted to
go on and conclude my speech this morning,
though under the circumstances it was impos-
sible to refuse the request uf the Senator from
Ohio, that I should give way to him that he
might make a report upon the very interesting
and important bill which we have been con-
sidering so long. I only desire it to be under-,
stood that when this subject comes up again
I shall be entitled to the floor.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 970) to provide for a
temporary and provisional government for
Alabama was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
impeachment of president johnson.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
having arrived when all legislative business is
ordered to cease preparatory to the Senate en-
tering upon the business of the impeachment
of the President of the United States, no fur-
ther business is in order, and the House of
Representatives will be notified ofthefact that
the Senate is ready to receive them. The
chair will now be vacated, that the Chief Justice
maj take it for the purpose of presiding over
the Senate in the trial of the impeachment of
the President of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore thereupon
vacated the chair; ana the Senate proceeded
to the trial of the impeachment of President
Johnson. The Senate sitting for the trial of
the impeachment having adjourned,
The PRESlDENT^ro tempore resumed the
chair at four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m. j
tax on manufactures. v/
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the conference
report which was under consideration.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the report of the
committee of conference on the bill (H. R.
No. 000) to exempt certain manufactures from
internal tax.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire why
it is that the committee have introduced into
this bill a new proposition to exempt all man-
ufacturers of lumber and flour? If there be
any class of manufacturers in this country who
are well able to pay a tax it is the manufac-
turers of lumber, whom we have protected by
our present tariff bill by a duty of from two
to three dollars upon every thousand feet of
lumber : and it is precisely the same case with
the manufacturers of flour. The tax will be
of no appreciable disadvantage to the agricul-
turist and will realize a considerable amount
to the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only answer I can
make is that I believe it is a species of hum-
bug to exempt breadstuffs and unmanufactured
lumber ; but the Senate substantially decided
this question, as I considered, on the vote the
other day. There is no reason in the world
why flour should not pay two cents a barrel
and lumber should not pay tho insignificant tax
that was put upon it; but I do not consider it
important to endanger or delay this bill by this
exception, which I very reluctantly yielded to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio what change the fifth section
will make in the law?
Mr. SHERMAN. The particular change is
that it makes the punishment both fine and im-
prisonment. It takes away the discretion of
the judge to merely fine and not imprison. I
think it is a little more stringent, too, in tho
forfeiture clause ; but I canaot say positively
upon that point.
Mr. CAMERON. I should like toaska
question of the Senator from Ohio. The dif-
ference between this proposition and the bilias
presented on Saturday, as I understand, is
that this confines the punishment to the indi-
vidual, not to all the dnstiilers of the district.
