164?
SUPPLEMENT TO
-Of course there could not be any other Sec-
retary of War but Mr. Stanton, unless Mr.
Stanton resigned or was removed. It would
bte a good deal more to the purpose to ask him
whether he communicated that opinion to Mr.
Stanton, if it may be put in at all, because Mr.
Stanton could have resigned.
Mr. EVARTS. We will follow it up with
that.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Quousque tandem
abuiere nostra patientia t I am not able to say
to what extent you will go in offers; but I am
very glad we are told that is to be done and
these tentative experiments are to go on, for
what purpose, Senators, you will judge; cer-
tainly for no legal purpose. Now, itis said that
it is necessary to put this in, and the argument
is pressed that was used on Saturday, " We
must show that, or we cannot defend the Pres-
ident." Well, if you cannot defend the Pres-
ident without another breach of the law for his
breach of the law, I do not see any necessity
for his being defended. You are breaking the
law to defend him, because you are putting in
testimony thathasnorelevancy, no pertinency,
110 competency under the law. After you have
let this eome in, Senators, if you can do so,
will you allow me to ask General Sherman
whether he did not come to an equally firm
opinion that it was for the good of the service,
or for the good of the country, that .1 ohnson
should be removed? The learned Attorney
General says that he came to the opinion that
this complication, as he called it, should be
broken up. I think most of us came to that
conclusion—but how ? General Sherman might
think it was by removing Mr. Stanton; Gen-
eral Grant might think it was by removing
Johnson. The House of Representatives have
thought that the complication could be broken
up by the removal of Johnson. Are you going
to put in General Sherman's opinion to coun-
terbalance the weight of the opinion of the
House of Representatives?
Again, will the next question be put to Gen-
eral Sherman whether it he thought it was bet-
ter to remove Stanton and put in Thomas, that
would be a good change for the good of the
service; or shall we be allowed on another arti-
cle to show that General Sherman did not think
it was a good plan to put in Thomas, and so
convict the President of a wrong intent, be-
cause General Sherman thought Thomas was a
bad man, and, therefore, the PresicTentis guilty
if he put him in ? Because General Sherman
thought that Mr. Stanton was a bad man, there-
fore it was for the good of the service to put
Stanton out, and therefore the President is inno-
cent in putting him out—that seems to be the
proposition. Can we go into this region ol'opin-
ion? I speak wholly withoutreferenco to the wit-
ness. I am now speaking wholly upon the general
principle of opinions of men. That will send
us into another region of inquiry which we do
riot want to go into. If this testimony conies
in, we shall then have to ask General Sherman
what were your relations with Mr. Stanton?
Have you had a quarrel with him ? Did you
not think it would be better for the service if
you could get rid of your enemy ? Was not
that the thing? Was there not an unfortunate
difficulty between you? If you allow this
opinion to go in, you cannot prevent our going
into the various considerations which would
make this opinion of little value. It is that
kind of inquiry into which I have no desire to
enter, and I pray this Senate not to enter for
the good of the country and for the integrity of
the law. That is the next question we shall
have to ask, what wore the grounds of your
opinion?
Again, we shall have to go further. We
shall have to call as many men on tho other
side as we can. Tf General Sherman is put in
here as an expert, we shall have to call Gen-
eral Sheridan and General Thomas—I mean
George H. Thomas always—and General
Meade, and other men of equal experience,
to say whether upon the whole they did not
think it was for the best to keep Mr. Stanton
in. and whether thev communicated tlieironin-
ions to the President and to Mr. Stanton. But
I think nothing can more clearly demonstrate
the fact that this cannot be evidence. If it is
put on the ground that he is an expert as an
Army officer, then we have Army officers^if
not quite as expert, yet as much-experts in tne
eye of the law as he is, and the struggle will
be here on which side would be the most of
them.
There is another purpose on which this is
put in. It is said it is put in to show that the
President had not a wrong intent. There has
been a great deal said here about intent which,
I think, deserves a word of comment, as though
the intent has got to be proved by somebody
that the President told he had a wrong intent.
That seems to be the proposition as put for-
ward, that you have to bring some direct proof,
some man who heard the President say he had
a bad intent, or something equivalent to that.
The question before you is, did Mr. Johnson
break the law of the land when he removed
Mr. Stanton? If he did break the law of the
land when he removed Mr. Stanton, what then?
Then the law supplies the intent, and says that
no man can do wrong intending right. That
illustrates this question in another view; be-
cause suppose it is for the good of the service
and it is demonstrated that it is best for the
good of the scrviee that Mr. Stanton should be
put out, does that justify the President in break-
ing the law of the land to get him out? Does
that aid his intent? Shall you do evil that good
may eome? Can yon do that under any state
of circumstances? The question is not whether
it was best to have Mr. Stanton out. Upon
that question Senators may be divided in opin-
ion. There may be many men, for aught I
know or aught I care, there may be Senators
who think that it would be best to have Stan-
ton out; but that is not the question at all.
Admit it, the question is, is it best to break
the law of the land by the chief executive offi-
cer in order to get him out? Is it best to strain
the Constitution and the laws in order to get
him out? However much he may desire to do
it the fact that the Secretary is a bad officer
does not give the President a right to do an
illegal thing to get him out? See where you
are coming, Senators. It is this, that it is a
justification for the President or any other
executive officer to break the law of the land
if he can show that he did what he thought was
a good thing by doing it.
i am aware that the executive office, if I go
to history, has been carried on a little upon
that idea. Let me illustrate: you Senators and
the House of Representatives agreeingtogether
as the Congress of the United States passed
a law that no man should hold office in the
southern States that could not take the oath
of loyalty; and I am aware that the President
of the United States—he ought to have been im-
peached for it—boldly put men into office who
could not take that oath in the South, and paid
them their salaries, and justified it before the
Senate and the House of Representatives on
the ground that he thought he was doing the
best for the service to do it—a breach of the
law which, if the House and the country had
had time to follow him in the innumerable
things he has done, would and ought to have
been presented as ground for impeachment.
It is one of his crimes. And now he comes
here and before the Senate of the United
States, says, " Well, I got advice that such a
man was not a good officer, and, therefore, I
broke the law to put him out, and that is my
; excuse." Is it an excuse?
i But one other thing to which I wish to call
! your attention, because you have heard it here
j over and over again, is this: it is said that Mr.
I Stanton has not had a seat in that board, that,
j Cabinet council, since the 12th of August last,
j Whose fault was that? He attended every
; meeting up to within a week of the 12th
! of August. He did his duty up to within a
I week of the 12th of August. He was notified
j thill suspension was coming. He was then
j suspended until the 13th of January: and
< \riien ne /nine bf!/*k ir/e the office it was not
for the President to humble himself, but it was
for him to notify him as the head of a De-
partment to eome and take his seat if he so
desired; but that notice never came. It was
not for him to thrust himself upon the Presi-
dent, but it was for him to go when he under-
stood his presence would be agreeable.
But that is put forward here as though this
Government could not go on without a Cab-
inet board; and the learned counsel has just
told us that it is a constitutional board. Upon
that I want to take issue, once for all, Sen-
ators, it is an unconstitutional board. There
is not one word in the Constitution about a
Cabinet or a board. Jeremy Bentham said,
years ago, that a board was always a shield,
and there has been an attempt in some of the
later Presidents to get these boards around
them to shield them in their acts as a board.
The Constitution says that the principal officers
of the Departments maybe called upon in their
respective offices, in regard to their duties, to
give opinions in writing to the President; and
the earlier Presidents called upon their Cab-
inet officers for opinions in writing. I have
on my table here an opinion that Thomas Jef-
ferson gave to Washington, about his right to
appoint embassadors, in writing. They are
not to be a board, not to sit down and consult,
not to have Cabinet councils. That is an as-
sumption of executive power that has grown
up little by little from the cabinets of the Old
World. These heads of Departments were
given to the President as aids, and not as a
shield; and he now will attempt to shield
himself, perhaps, under their advice and under
their action. It is not mere form. The opin-
ion in writing was required by the Constitu-
tion—why? Because the framers of the Con-
stitution well knew that there were Cabinet
councils, and from the initials of a Cabinet
council in England came that celebrated word
"cabal," which has been the synonym of all
that was vile in political combination from that
day to this; ana knowing that, it would seem
almost with prescience that they required not
that there should be verbal consultations'semi-
weekly by which things might be arranged
and by which a secret conclave might be held,
but that there should be what? That there
should be written opinions asked and given, so
that they might be known of all men ; so that
the President could not say, "Why, I got this
advice from my Cabinet counselor," unless he
showed it in writing, and so that the Cabinet
counselor should not say that he failed to give
this advice, because the President might show
it in writing. Think of this Cabinet and what
it has got to bel Picture to yourselves, Sen-
ators, President Johnson and Lorenzo Thomas
in Cabinet consultation to shield the President 1
If Lorenzo Thomas was rightly appointed, then
of course he can go into Cabinet consultation.
If they have a right to put in consultation one
Cabinet officer they have a right to put in an-
other. If they have a right to put in the
opinion of the Attorney General, who, by the
way, is not by the law a Cabinet officer in the
sense in which it is said a head of a Depart-
ment is—if they have a right to put in the
opinion of one head of a Department they
have a right to put in another; if a permanent,
then a temporary Cabinet officer; if a tempo-
rary head of a Department, then an ad interim
one. I find no dereliction of duty on the part
of Mr. Stanton in this; nothing showing thst
the War Department could not go on. Let
them show that the President has ever done
according to the Constitution, asked Mr. Stan-
ton any opinion in writing as to the duties of
his Department, or that he has ever sent an
order to him which he disobeyed; and that
will be pertinent, that will show a reason; but
I pray the Senate not to let us go into the
region of opinion.
I have taken this much time, Senators, be-
cause I tliiuk we save time by taking it, if we
come to the right decision to-day to keep out
this range of opinion. This ease is to be tried
by your opinion ; not upon your opinion as to
whether Stanton is a good or a bad officer, but
