2222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March SOi
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes. I would state to
the Senate that the chief change made was in
striking out the second clause of the fifth sec-
tion, which authorized the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue to close all the distilleries of a
district in a certain state of facts. That is the
only material .change. Then, we add the last
section providing for taking away from the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue the power
to compromise cases arising under this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. What are those cases
arising under this bill ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Cases of criminal accu-
sations or indictments under the fifth and sixth
sections
Mr. CONNESS. And in regard to that
proposition it is required that the Secretary of
the Treasury and the Attorney General shall
both agree before any such ease shall be dis-
charged.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
_ Mr. HOWARD. Before any suit is discon-
tinued or nolle prosequied or compromised it
requires the joint consent of both of those
officers. The committee thought it best to
hold two of the principal officers of the Gov-
ernment responsible for such action.
Mr. FRELLNGHUYSEN. I desire to ask
the chairman of the committee whether this
act intended to relieve from taxation all man-
ufactures which are not sold. It provides for
a tax 011 all over $5,000 of sales. There Ts a
vast amount of manufactures in this country
that are never sold—the railroads of the coun-
try and various other branches manufacture for
themselves.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that this is only a tax on sales. It extends
the principle of the wholesale dealers' tax to
the manufacturers, and only applies to sales.
Railroads pay in a different way, as the Sen-
i ator is aware.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not de-
sire to delay the passage of this bill, but I am
somewhat surprised that the chairman of the
Committee on Finance should denounce as a
humbug the exemption of lumber and bread-
stuffs. Why, sir, we have exempted them
from the very start, in the first bill and in
every bill since, from all taxation. I should
consider it something worse than a humbug
for us to impose a new tax upon articles that
have been exempted throughout the war.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, I will say that these articles are taxed
now, this day, precisely as they would be as the
bill was framed before; that is, when a whole-
sale dealer sells lumber it is taxed; when a
wholesale dealer sells flour it is taxed. As
the bill stood before, the manufacturer was
also to pay an insignificant tax. I say that
any discrimination between the various articles
of production, levying taxes upon one and not
upon another, is invidious and unjust. I
might get up and make a very plausible argu-
ment to show that a poor man's boots ought
not be taxed and a poor man's coat ought not
to be taxed, just as much as a poor man's flour
ought not to be taxed. Lumber we know very
well, the great body of it, is consumed by the
rich, and bought by the rich.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not pro-
pose to make a long speech, and I do not pro-
pose that the Senator shall make a longer one
in mine. I merely desired to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that these exemptions
have existed hitherto, and, as I was about say-
ing, I should consider it something worse than
a humbug to begin now, in time of peace, to
impose a new tax upon these articles particu-
larly which have been hitherto exempt. And
there is a propriety in exempting lumber 
Mr. FERRY and Mr. RAMSEY. They are
exempt by the bill now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I know they
are exempt.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know what
that propriety is?
Mr. FERRY. That is an outside question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. For the reason
that it is used for building purposes. It is de-
sirable that we should encourage enterprise
throughout our country for building purposes,
and we have not only exempted lumber here-
tofore but every article so far as we could that
went into a house or building. We have ex-
empted brick, building stone, and lime. In
relation to flour, the millers derive but a very
small amount of profit for grinding wheat. It
is brought here, say from the West to Oswego,
and ground, and if this bill had not been
amended you would compel these flouring mills
that grind it to pay upon the whole amount of
their sales, when the amount of their profits is
but a very small percentage.
Mr. RAMSEY. Flour is exempt now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not de-
sire to debate the question.
Mr. GRIMES. I am astonished that the
remarks 1 made on the subject of lumber a
year and a half ago should have made such
a deep impression on the Senator from Ver-
mont ; for I ain satisfied that he cannot have
read the debate recently, and yet he has re-
peated exactly, in behalf of the exemption
from tax of lumber, the arguments that I
used against the imposition of two or three
dollars a thousand as tariff duty upon lumber
brought in from Canada aud the British Prov-
inces. I insisted then that the enterprise of
the country should be encouraged, that every
man should have an opportunity to build a
residence to shelter his family from the storm ;
and in order to encourage that kind of enter-
prise and domestic economy and domestic
comfort. I insisted with the gentlemen who were
acting with the Senator from Vermont on this
subject that we should not put upon those who
desired to erect dwellings for their families a
burden of two or three dollars a thousand on
the lumber necessary to go into their houses ;
hut 1 was overruled in that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sena-
tor remembers at all what my course was, he
must know that I was for the lowest duty.
Mr. GRIMES. The lumber men are among
the richest men in this country, having the
largest capital; and so it is precisely with these
large merchant millers. There is not any class
of the population who are better able to pay
this tax than they are. The Senator speaks of
it as though it was the imposition of a new tax.
I do not understand it in that light. You tax
them now if their sales amount to a certain
sum. You will only tax them precisely as you
tax everybody else who makes money out of
lumber and flour.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I just want
to say one word in reply to one point the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa makes. He seems
to assume that the domestic article, as in the
case of lumber, will always attain the price of the
foreign article with the duty added, whatever
that duty may be, which is not the case, for in
almost all instances the price of the domestic
article is subject to domestic competition. The
statement the Senator makes would seem to
claim that this three dollars a thousand is added
to theprice of the lumber, which is not the case.
Mr. GRIMES. That may be so where the
Senator is familiar with it; but that is not the
case on the prairies of Illinois and Iowa where
we wish an opportunity to have lumber brought
in from the Canadas in order to develop our
country.
Mr. CONNESS. Wisconsin furnishes you
with lumber.
Mr. GRIMES. No.
Mr. CONKLING.' If I am to vote for this
report 1 shall have to do so in spite of several
things that it contains, and not for the sake of
them. I wish to call attention now, however,
only to the last section proposed. The object
of it is one of the most wholesome and com-
mendable in the world, as explained in part
the other day by the honorable Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] to break up what is
deemed loose or corrupt practice in the cora-
promiseof prosecution. Now. from the knowl-
edge I have of such things, and the workings
of the present system, I believe that, inad-
vertently of course, the committee has con
trived a provision better for favoritism, for
loose practice, forinsecure administration, than
anything that has ever crept before or been put
by design into the revenue legislation of the
country.
Now, Mr. President, look at this for one
moment. " No compromise, discontinuance,
or nolle prosequi, of any prosecution under this
act shall be allowed without the permission in
writing of the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Attorney General." What are they to know
about this ? Under what evidence are they to
act? The Attorney General will act upon the
recommendation of the district attorney, the
very officer against whose bad or loose prac-
tice, as I am told, the disposition is to guard.
The district attorney belongs to the official
staff of the Attorney General; he is his sub-
ordinate officer; he is in the line of his own
Department; and as far as the Attorney Gen-
eral can have any dfficial information at all, it
is to come from the district attorney. Then
what is the Secretary of the Treasury to know
about it? He is to know from his official sub-
ordinates. The best source from which he can
derive his information would be the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, the officer next
below him in this line of descent; and he is to
derive it, as he does now, from the revenue
officers of the distiict, the assessor and the
collector and their deputies. Does this give
any additional security?
But, Mr. President, observe the security
with which it parts, namely, the intervention
of the court. I recollect a period of history
which illustrates this in a very marked way in
my own State. Up to the time of the great ex-
citement that arose in reference to the alleged
murder of Morgan, the attorney general of the
State of New York, and the district attorneys,
had the power to enter voile prosequia, each
of his own motion, and favoritism was charged.
Then by statute the advice and concurrence of
the court was required; and ever since in the
State of New York nolle prosequis have been
entered only upon open motion in court, and
the action of the court upon the case before
it; and experience has shown, as my friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Doomttle] knows very
well, the experience of the courts and of the
public has shown that a most admirable safe-
guard was thus set up. No district attorney,
or attorney general since that time has been
able to put an indictment in his pocket without
assigning reasons to anybody, enter a nolle
prosequi, or dismiss a prosecution, because it
was to be done in the light of day, with the eyes
of both sides in the interest upon the persons
who did it, and a fair opportunity to be heard.
That exists now with regard to indictments
and nolle prosequis under the existing statute
of the United States. But what does this
section propose? To withdraw the subject
entirely from the court; to take it away; there-
fore the courtis never to be heard at ail unless
the judge volunteers as a petitioner or a corre-
spondent or a citizen to address the Treasury
Department for permission to be gisen hv two
officers here in ^Vashington who cannot in the
nature of things know anything about it, except
upon the representation of such persons as get
access to them. Does anybody doubt that ii is
to become more or less a matter of favoritism?
Mr. DOOLI1ILE. And will be referred
to some clerk.
CONKLING. As the Senator savs, it
will be referred to some clerk or go into the
hands of some person connected with the
Department; and in ike event the defendant
being represented by an attorney, a claim a^ent
some man with political standing, who will ml
and intercede with him, he will be heard - and
in the event of his not being represented m
that way, ho will never be heard at all
It seems to me that we shall be like that eel-
ebrated engineer who was <• hoist with his uwn
jjetard. • \v e are devising here a mode of wiih-
rora the very pres-
to any extent be
tliey shall be dfs-
uo not use the word
i • ,, m.ici tuoue or w
drawing these transactions from the verv ore-
ence m which they cannot to any exie, t be
perverted, and enacting that they shall be d.v
posed ot in seorefc. I do not
