1868.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
1199
presumption, no presumption so contrary to
the ordinary legal presumption, arises in this
case.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I want to ask the gen-
tleman from Vermont whether he is aware
there are six newspapers published in that dis-
trict, and that in every one of them this letter
was published a? it was published in the Louis-
ville Journal."
Mr. POLAND.Mr. Speaker, without tak1
ing up'any of the little time I have remaining
with these outside questions, I will come di-
rectly-to the question of law—a pure, dry ques-
tion of law, that should not be affected at all
by any political preference we have in refer-
ence to one of these men or the other. I
frankly confess, as between John Young Brown
$nd this man Samuel E. Smith, if I had been
a voter in that district I should undoubtedly
have cast my vote for Smith.
I regret that Smith did not have a, majority
of votes m that district, so as to be entitled to
be a- Representative on this floor. I should
greatly prefer higi to the other, man; but as a
member of a committee of Congress, as a
member of this House, when the evidence as
to the facts in reference to his election is not
such as, in my judgment, to entitle him to a
seat upon this floor, however he may be in
accord with me on political questions, how-
ever much I may respe.ct him personally, I
cannot, consistently with the oath I have taken
as a member of this House, give him my vote.
I always like to have my friends in office. I
am, sir, much .inclined to think always they
are the best nlen; but when the case comes to
be determined as a question of law, whether
we shall hold our office or a man of opposite
opinions shall hold it, I-have but one rule by
which I can be governed. My course of life
hitherto, my profession has befiri1 such,-my
official life has been such, my mode of reason-
ing and forming my judgment has become such,
that it would be impossible for me to vote on
any other reason than what I believed to be
the law.
Now, sir, the rule in England, the rule in
the English Parliament, the rule in the Eng-
lish courts, undoubtedly is, that where a person
receives a majority of votes who is ineligible
to hold office, and that ineligibility was known,
to the persons voting for him, those votes are
thrown out, and the person who receives th6
next largest number of votes is entitled to
hold the office. That is the English rule of
law, but is it the rule of law in this country?
I say that rule has never been adopted in this
country. l,t has never been adopted by the
judicial tribunals of this country. It is not
reported in any of the books of law in this
country where the question has been well and
thoroughly considered. There are decisions,
on both sides of the question. So it cannot
be regarded as ever having: received solemn
judicial determination in this country.
Now, I say, Mr. Speaker, that rule of the
English courts, of the English Parliament, is
entirely inapplicable to our country, to our
institutions, to our form of government Ours
is a Government of the people. Theright of
voting is the right of the people. It is not so
regarded in England. There the people are
not considered as having any right to partici-
pate in elections except so far as it may be
granted to them by Parliament. But I can-
not take any time on that point.
It seems to me whoever will read the report
of the committee on this subject, drawn up by
the chairman, [Mr. Dawes,} will say the Eng-
lish law is entirely inapplicable to our institu-
tions. There is no legislative precedent on
the one side or the other. I know gentlemen
say: did not Mr. Madison and the men who
were in Congress, from the first Congress down
to the present time, did not those eminent
men, sir, know what the English law was?
Did it never occur to those men, if a man was
thrust out of his seat on account of ineligi-
bility, the minority candidate, by the English
law, would have been entitled to the seat? Is not
the very fact that this doctrine was never set up
in Congress equal to a solemn determination
of the question? It shows the great sense, the
general understandings.on this subject. If the
English rule was regarded as the law in -this
country it is impossible . that the - question
should not have been raised in the very many
cases in which minority candidates might have
profited by it to take seats in' Congress and
other places made vacant by the declared ineli-
gibility of those receiving a majority of votes.
Withoiit taking any more time on that, con-
ceding the English law is in force in-this coun-
try, 1 say this case is perfectly clear on the
question presented in reference to this claim-
ant to a seat. Now the English decisions, both
in Parliament and in the courts, on this ques-
tion, all say it is necessary the ineligibility should
be known to the voter. That is the very found-
ation, the very corner-stone upon which the
whole doctrine rests, that the voters when they
gave their votes knew the party for whom they
voted could not hold the office for which he was
a candidate. Now, in England, where the vot-
ing is in single boroughs, cities, or towns, where
it is fair to presume that the candidate is gen-
erally personally known to all the electors, or
nearly all of them, there is some fair reason for
applying it; but when you come to apply it to
our congressional districts, covering alarge ex-
tent of country, sometimes containing hundreds
of thousands of^eople, where the candidate is
personally known to very few, it would be utter
folly to apply the doctrine.
But concede that it is applicable in this
country. We have declared that John Young
Brown was ineligible to a seat in this Congress
because he had committed acts of such a char-
acter that he could not take the test-oath.
Now, was this known to the people of that dis-
trict? My friend from Ohio [Mr. Egglestojt]
a'sked me the question if I' did not know that
this letter of Mr. Brown was published in a
certain number of newspapers in that district.
I will admit, for the purpose of my argument,
that it was published in every newspaper in
the district, and read by every man in it, if the
gentleman desires me to make the admission,
though it is not proved that any considerable
number, or anything like a majority of the elect-
ots of the district had ever read it. Mr. Smith
and bis'friends say that in consequence of the
reading of that letter Mr. Brown cannot take
the test-oath. But what' say Mr. Brown and
:those who speak for him ? He and his friends
declare that he stood with Mr. Guthrie, Mr.
Speed, and all the Union men of Kentucky ;
that they all went with him upon this doctrine
of Kentucky neutrality, saying that they were
not going to take any part either way. And
they claim, further, that this letter was written
not for the purpose of inducing persons to aid
the rebel cause, but for precisely.a contrary
purpose. That is what Mr. Brown and all his
newspapers and all those in his interest said
to the people.
Now, then, a majority of this House have
decided that when Mr. Brown declared to the
people that he was a Union man, and that this
letter was written in the interest of the Union
cause instead of the rebel cause, he was not
telling the truth. But, sir, how were the people
to judge ? It was claimed on the one side that
this was a rebel letter, and on the other that it
was a Union letter—on one side that he was a
rebel, and the other that he was a Union man.
How was the question to be determined?
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him this question ?
I desire to know whether the people were not
bound to know as matter of law that neutrality
was substantial treason? I know the committee
in their report have suggested that the law is in
doubt in regard to one point of (lie case.
Mr. POLAND. As that is a question which
is not at all involved in this discussion I can-
not take time to answer it in the very short
time allowed me. I say it was claimed on one
side that he was a Union man and on the other
that he was a rebel; and it was claimed on one
side that this letter was a Union letter and the
other that it was a rebel letter. Now, let us
look at this letter, and, conceding all that may
be claimed for it, admit'thatitwas the expres-
sion of a treasonable sentiment.
But, sir, the test-oath does not require a man
to say that he has not expressed a treasonable
sentiment. A man may maintain a treason-
able opinion'-and'still t'ake'the te'st-6athl' "He
has to Mwear that he has not given any aid,
counsel, cfr encouragement to 'the rebellion.
It become^ "a Question of fact to lie determined'
whether the expression of his opinion was
under such circumstances as ma'deitgiving aid,
counsel, and encouragement to the cause of the"
rebellion. Therefore, I sajr it became a ques-
tion of fact to be determined fr6'm all the circum-
stances surrounding the transaction whether
that letter was treasonable or not.
Now, how did the people of that district—
and it is a,' different district from the one in
whicb he lived- at that time, another part of
the State—how did they know anything in re-
lation to the circumstances surrounding that
transaction ? This matter came up before Con-'
gress. The question was raised here and went
before the Committee of Elections, composed
of nine members, one of whom was sick and at
his home in Ohio, [Mr. Shellababger. ] After
a careful bearing of all the evidence in rela-
tion to it, after careful consideration of the
arguments of counsel and everything that was
brought to bear upon the subject, the com-
mittee were equally divided ; and I apprehend
that it will not he claimed that all the four
members who voted in favor of John Young
Brown were actuated in that vote by political
prejudice in -his favor, or by special love for
the rebellion. The question finally lame
before this House for determination. More
than forty members of this House, with all the
evidence before them, with all the aid that
could be given them by the reports of the ma-
jority and the minority of the committee, after
all the argument upon both sides of this ques-
tion bteforo the House, more than forty mem-
bers of this House, upon their'oaths, voted
that John Young Brown was eligible to a seat
upon this floor as a member of this House.
And when gentlemen turn round and say that
the .people of this district, without any of these
opportunities, without knowing anything upon-
this- subject except this common fame and
rumor about it, and these contradictory claims
upon the one side and the,. other in reference
to whether he was eligible to a seat in Con-
gress, and could take the test-oath or not,
voted at their peril. I say, with due respect
to gentlemen who have expressed these opin-
ions, they are perfectly foolish and absurd; to
say that the inhabitants of this district are to
be disfranchised, are to be cut off really from
representation in Congress upon any such doc-
trine as this, is perfectly nonsensical and
absurd.
Mr". BENTON.' I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. POLAND. I did not apply that re-
mark to the gentleman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Bextox,] because he stands upon sepa-
rate and independent ground, upon the pre-
sumption that the inhabitants of that district
are all rebels. What I say, therefore, has no
reference to him, and if any gentleman ougbt
to call me to order it is not the gentleman
from New Hampshire.
The SPEAKEK. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from New Hampshire as
seriously calling the gentleman from Vermont
to order. If he does he must state the lan-
guage to which he takes exception.
Mr. BEATON. I called the gentleman to
order because I thought he was out of order.
I do not insist on it, however. _ He character-
izes everybody's argument not in line with his
as absurd and ridiculous. Now, that is a very
short way of answering an argument.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman does not
insist on the point of order?
Mr. BENTON. No, sir.
Mr. POLAND. I say when the Committee
of Elections of this House, with all the evidence
before them, with every means of determining
