1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
offensively in the absence of the public, in the
absence of the proper parties, and upon testi-
mony which must be ex parte, which must be
partial, and that, too, by officers hundreds and
thousands of miles from the scene ot' the con-
troversy to be settled.
Whether it is worth while for Senators who
agree with me in these views to vote to send
back this report, I ought not to affirm, perhaps ;
but I hope this will not be drawn into a pre-
cedent, and that we shall not have, with regard
to offenses provided for in the revenue laws
generally, a provision by which, in a closet up
here at the Treasury Department, on the rec-
ommendation of some clerk, a thing is to be
done which a court cannot do, with parties
and counsel before it, and an opportunity to
understand and ventilate the whole subject.
Mr. GRIMES. I can perhaps relieve the
Senator by informing him that this does not ap-
ply to cases already existing, but is prospective.
Air. CONKLING. If the Senator had lis-
tened to what I was saying he would have been
relieved himself instead of relieving me, be-
cause my last remark was that I hoped this
would not be drawn into a precedent to apply
to cases under other acts; for if good under
this act it will be argued it is good under others,
and when we get the tax bill here there will
probably be some amendment to it by which
we shall be asked to cut off the bad practices
of district attorneys by putting the whole thing
into this mill of bureauocracy here and have
it run through this hopper, with clerks, aud
with the rod tape and circumlocution of these
Departments. I believe that even with the
wisest and purest administration of things here
at the seat of the central Government, nothing
conduces more to a pure administration of jus-
tice than to keep it in its appropriateehannels,
and keep it before the local tribunals, and es-
pecially the judicial tribunals who have parties
representing all interests before them and have
the public to watch them and see that they do
not fall into error or into corrupt practices.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I am as
anxious as the Senator from New York to pro-
vide some surety for the enforcement of the
revenue laws. Now, sir, does not that Sena-
tor know perfectly well—of course he does—
that it is one of the usual and ordinary powers
of a United States district attorney to discon-
tinue or to nolle prosequi his indictments or his
informations that he has filed whenever he sees
fit to do so? And I know of no statute of the
United States which restricts his authority in
this respect. He is under no obligation at all
to ask leave of the court to enter a nolle prose-
qui under the laws of the United States. It is
undoubtedly one of the greatest evils connected
with our system of revenue laws, that the dis-
trict attorneys of the United States are found
wanting in their daty, wanting in energy, ac-
tivity, and perseverance in prosecuting offenses
which come to their knowledge; and it too
often occurs, sir, that a prosecuting attorney
favor of friends; and I might go further, and I
of easy virtue suffers himself to bo persuaded to
nolle prosequi or discontinue his prosecutions in
will go further and declare here, in my place,
that according to my information this is one of
the greatest sources of corruption and abuse
that exist in the administration of our laws.
It is not a difficult thing for an ingenious and
wealthy party, resting under a serious accusa-
• tion, to approach a district attorney of easy
virtue and buy him out. This has given rise to
a great deal of expense and a great deal of
injustice and abuse. The object of this pro-
vision in the report of the committee is to take
from the district attorney the power which he
now has in all cases, wherever he sees lit, tp
discontinue his proceedings; and if there be
good cause for the discontinuance of a particu-
lar case, it requires the joint action of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and of the Attorney
General of the United States to authorize him
to discontinue his proceedings. We have there
some safeguard, to say the least, against the
weaknesses, the corruption, and the dishonesty
of district attoruevs.
Mr. CONKLING. With the permission of
the Senator I beg to ask him a question. Take
the case of such a district utjprney as he
supposes, a man corrupt and approached by
•wealthy parties, and I inquire of the Senator
which, in his judgment, such a district attorney
would be most likely to impose upon—the court
in which the indictment was pending, or the
Attorney General and the Secretary of the
Treasury by representations that he might make
here at the city of Washington.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the court
spoken of by the Senator has nothing to do with
the question of a discontinuance or a nolle
prosequi. It is the right of the district attor-
ney to withdraw his proceedings without asking
leave of the court or showing any cause or
reason for it; but, even if it were to be by leave
of the court, in most cases we know very well
that upon the recommendation of the district
attorney the court would be very likely to grant
its consent to a discontinuance, because the,,
court is not presumed to know, is not pre-
sumed to be informed of the nature of the pros-
ecution or of the facts which are really in-
volved in the case. The court never inquires
into that, but always relies, and necessarily
relies, upon the United States district at-
torney.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Michigan where can the Secretary
of the Treasury or the Attorney General get
any information as to the evidence that was
before the grandjury, except from the district
attorney ?
Mr. HOWARD. It is not a difficult thing
for the Attorney General or the Secretary of
the Treasury to correspond with the district
attorney, to correspond with the collector of
the district or the assessor of the district; it
is not difficult to send a special agent, as is
often the case, to make inquiry and to report
the necessary information to the head of one
or the other of these Departments. It is a very
easy thing; and, besides all that, an applica-
tion to the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Attorney General for leave to discontinue a
case must necessarily give rise to some delay,
and thus furnish opposite parties in interest an
opportunity to correspond with these high offi-
cers aud to present the real facts of the case
before them. This is, at least, some security
against abuse of authority on the part of the
district attorneys, whereas, if the law is left as
it is now, the Government have no security
whatever against those practices to which I
have referred.
I hope, sir, that, this clause will be adopted.
I see in it a very important security for the
Government, and I see in it a possibility, nay,
sir, a probability, of making it necessary for
the district attorneys to prosecute the suits which
they commenced and to bring somebody to
jubtice and send somebody to the penitentiary,
instead of selling out the case themselves and
putting the avails in their own pockets, as is
too often done, 1 fear.
Mr. MORTON. I think some of the objec-
tions taken by the Senator from New York to
this section are just. I, for one. was opposed
to allowing the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Attorney General to authorize these indict-
ments to be nolle prosequied; but I accepted
this section, as one member of the commit-
tee as the best that could be done. I will
say to the Senator from New York, in answer
to his objection, that if it is the law now or if
it is now the practice that the district attorney
cannot nolle prosequi indictments without the
consent of the court this section will not change
it. It simply requires in addition the consent
or permission of the Secretary of the Treasury
and the Attorney General. If, according to
the practice in any of the States, the consent
of the courtis necessary to nolle prosequi an
indictment, that consent is not made unneces-
sary by this section, but simply the written
consent of these other officers in addition is
required.
1 think, Mr. President, that something very
important will be gained even by this section,
imperfect as it is, because, I think, it will have
the effect to locate somewhere this great re-
sponsibility which is now located nowhere,
which is floating about between so many offi-
cers, and for which nobody is taken to account.
Every compromise that is made hereafter by
which a great criminal shall escape punishment
for a fraud upon the revenue is to be taken right
home by the Attorney General and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. It cannot be done with-
out their consent; and although I am opposed
to authorizing them to giveconsent, yet I think
this is better than nothing; it is so much gained;
and I shall cooperate with the Senator from
New York and with any other Senator on this
floor, when the tax or revenue bill comes here,
in providing that there shall be no power by
which criminal prosecutions for frauds upon
the revenue can be compromised away. I be-
lieve that the conviction and the punishment
by imprisonment in the penitentiary of twenty-
five whisky scoundrels would add $25,000,000
to the revenue.
Mr. CONKLING-. I rose merely to remind
the Senator from Indiana that he apparently
overlooks one of the provisions of an existing
statute. The last tax bill provides, in most
specific and unavoidable language, that no
compromise whatever shall be made, except on
just such a permission as is proposed here on
the part of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue.
Mr. HOWARD. I think the Commissioner
has nothing to do with the suits that may be
commenced. He has nothing to do with pending
prosecutions, if I recollect the laws properly.
Mr. CONKLING. My recollection is that
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is to
take part in every compromise that is made,
and the section which I will refer to is on page
135 of the revenue act:
" The Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall be.
and is hereby, authorized and empowered to com-
promise. under such regulations as the Secretary of
the Treasury shall prescribe, any case arising under
the internal revenue laws, whether pending ill court
or otherwise."
Mr. HOWARD. Read all the section.
Mr. CONKLING. I will.
"The several circuit and district courts of the
United States shall have jurisdiction of all otfenses
against any of the provisions of this act committed
within their several districts: fromded, That when-
ever, in any civil action for a penalty, the infoimer
may he a.witness for the prosecution, the party against
whom such penalty is claimed may be and shall be
admitted as a witness on his own behalf."
The residue of the section has nothing to do
with it. So that 1 am right in saying that as
the law stands as to all prosecutions which
have gone to indictment, to presentment by a
grand jury, the practice and the statute regu-
lating proceeding of the court in the first place
apply as to other indictments. In the next
place, by act of Congress, the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue is vested with the super-
vising and discretionary power to see to these
compromises; and, more than that, he may ex-
ercise that power only under such regulations
and directions as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury prescribes. That is the law now. So the
Senator from Indiana can hardly say, in view
of this statute, that this power lies about, some-
where, notlocatcd anywhere. Itis located by the
practice in the court as to prosecutions which
have gone further than presentment by a grand
jury, and then with a power ahove the court,
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue and
the Secretary of the Treasury.
The proposition now is by legislation which
does not seem to me to be cumulative, as the
Senator suggested, nor in confirmation of the
power of the court, but which seems to be ex-
clusive and absorbing in its character, to give
to two high officers of this Government, the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney
General, the power, upon the ipse dixit in
writing of both of them, to allow any prosecu-
tion under this act that they choose to be com-
promised. Now, sir, here it is, and it is to be
taken; it is aut Ccesar out nullus as far aa that
is concerned; but I think it is very unfortunate
that we have departed from the old practice.
