1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3247
number. The Senate will see at once what
the effect would be upon the existing com-
merce that has been built up, so far as it could
be built recently. It is giving to those men
who chose not to run -the hazard over those
who chose to run the hazard, as many did,
this striking advantage. Is that dealing justly
by those who scorned to cover their property
in that way, by disclaiming the protection, so
far as it went, of the flag of their country and
for the time putting their vessels under a for-
eign flag ? 1 think it would not be just.
As to putting a stigma upon these gentle-
men, I think that is a very curious way to look
at it. If they had not brought their petition
here nobody would have known anything about
it; no stigma would have been put upon them
by Congress. It is very curious logic that
people come voluntarily into these Halls and
say, "We have done a certain thing which you
do not approve, which the country does not
approve, which does not approve itself to the
mind of any right-thinking man, perhaps, for
the sake of gain, or to avoid loss ; we ask you
to restore to us not only the advantages we
have lost thus voluntarily, but to give us a
preference, in fact, over others who took a dif-
ferent course from us, and if you do not do it
it is putting a stigma on us." That is hardly
an argument, I think, to be addressed to the
sense of the Senate on a question of that
description.
Why, sir, the argument which the Senator
from Connecticut makes, that they did this
thing because the country was unable to make
them secure in the possession of their property,
might as well be carried further, and it would
justify any other mean or disloyal act that was
done by any man simply because he thought
himself in danger at the time his country was
in danger. You may carry it out to justify
desertion, or even treachery, as moreisgranted
to one who desires to save his life than one
who desires to save his property.
Sir, I am opposed to this whole thing, not
only on the general principle which I have
stated, but on the principle that carrying this
out the elfect is materially to injure the inter-
e.stsof men who were not exposed to the charge
to which these gentlemen are exposed. They
must take the consequences of their own act.
They chose voluntarily to take their chance
for the sake of gaiu. Let them be satisfied
with it, and having saved their property and
made their gain, let them not come and ask
for more at the expense of others who are
more worthy in that particular than they are
themselves.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. MORGAN. The report of the com-
mittee was adverse in this case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no
amendment be offered, the question is on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. FERRY. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken 1
desire to make one remark. I remember that
several years ago while the war was raging,
when there were various questions before the
Senate of confiscation, of emancipation, of the
enforcement of military rule in the rebel States,.
I said from my seat in this Chamber that I
regarded all these measures, except the great
act of emancipation, as acts of war for the
maintenance of the rights of my country ; that
when those rights had been secured, and when
there was no longer any reason for the enforce-
ment of any of those rules, 1 would be among
the foremost to insist upon removing them all;
that no one should outdo me in clemency to
any rebel the moment the time had eome when
tbat clemency could be shown with safety to
the Republic. I am not sure that the time has
yet come when all those rules which were then
adopted with regard to the rebel States can be
relaxed. I am not sure that it can be done
consistently with the public safety.
But now I turn round to this other rule which
was made to bear on the shipping interest of
the northern States, and I apply to that the
same principle that 1 would apply generally to
the rebel States. I ask myself whether there
is any reason of public safety that shall require
the further maintenance of that rule. I cannot
find it. The Senator from Maine says that the
return of these vessels would bring a large
interest in competition with another interest
that is already in the country and which took
no advantage of a foreign flag. It may be so.
But I would ask whether that argument is not
applicable to every proposed change in the
rebel Stales ; whether we can confer any rights
on any individuals, or relax any of those severe
rules anywhere in the rebel States, without,
in some respects, directly or indirectly, bear-
ing also upon faithful Unionists during the
war? It seems to me that the argument, if
apt in one case, is also apt in the other. For
myself, so far as the rebel States are concerned,
I fall back upon the position which I took some
four or five years ago in this Chamber, tbat
when the change can be made consistently
with public safety it shall not want my vote.
And now I ask that the same rule shall be
applied to cases like that before us. 1 believe
that there is no question of public safety now;
I believe that this ship can be allowed to come
back and take her old colors or her natural
colors, the colors that belong to her, without
the Government receiving any detriment.
Mr. MORGAN. As one member of the
Committee oti Commerce who reported this
bill, I desire to say that I shall feel instructed
by the decision of the Senate on this bill and
I have no doubt the committee will also.
This seems to be a test case. It is not like
many others, where the captain of a vessel
changed the flag in a foreign country without
the knowledge of the owners. The flag was
changed in this case by .Mr. Trowbridge him-
self. There were two courses open to him while
he was building his ship and when he concluded
to send her to sea: he could pay the extra in-
surance, or he could make a sale of the ship
and change its flag. He chose the latter course,
and placed his ship under the British flag.
Others chose the opposite, and paid the ad-
ditional insurance. If the Senate shall decide
that they will grant a register to Mr. Trow-
bridge, a highly-respectable gentleman, whom
I have had the pleasure to know for a great
number of years, I., as one member of the
committee,shall consider this question settled,
and that hereafter we are to grant all these
applications. Heretofore we have granted
none.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest one other
idea; and that is, that during the war all these
vessels were in fact British vessels. They were
under the British flag, engaged in British com-
merce; and their interest was, S3 it was the
interest of British commerce, to destroy ours,
what we had to destroy; and I am told as a
matter of fact that the enemy got probably more
information in regard to us through men sail-
ing these vessels which were transterred to the
British flag than they did from any other quar-
ter. They were acting against us all the time
necessarily, because they were British ships ;
and now they come and demand that they shall
be taken back again under our flag. I think
that I would extend mercy to the rebels that
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
speaks of to-day quicker than I would grant a
petition of this kind.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on ordering the bill to be engrossed for
a third reading, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ditvis, Ferry, Henderson, Patterson
of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Kamsey, Sprague, Sumner,
Van Winkle, Viekers, and Wiliey—11.
HAYS — Messrs. Bnckalew, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Conkkng, Oorbetfc, Pessendeu, llarlan, Hend-
ricks, Howard, McCreery. Morgan. Nye, Patterson
of New Hampshire, Saulsbur*, Tipton, Trumbull,
Wade, Williams, and Yates—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cattetl, Con-
ness, Crasm, Dixon, Douhttls, Drake, Edmunds.
Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Howe, Joknson,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Norton, Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer, and "Wil-
son—23.
So the bill was rejected.
SALE OF SHIPS TO BELLIGERENTS.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. If
the Senator from Michigan will allow me on8
moment, I wish to move to reconsider the vote
by which Senate bill No. 94, declaratory of the
law with regard to the sale of ships to friendly
belligerents, was passed. It will take but a
moment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let the motion be
entered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection that motion will be entertained.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
merely wish to say that this bill pretends to
settle by an act of legislation a grave question
of international law. It also forecloses all
action upon a case which for six weeks past
has been under consideration by the Commit-
tee on Retrenchment. It is well known that
the Navy Department has sold two of our iron-
clads to the Peruvian Government, or to cer-
tain parties who have sold them to the Peru-
vian Government 
Mr. CHANDLER. Let the motion to recon-
ssiflpr VIA
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on rsconsidering the vote by which the
bill was passed.
The motion was agreed to.
THOMAS W. WAIIB.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 542.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 542) for the relief of
Thomas W. Ward, collector of customs at Cor-
pus Ohristi, Texas. Tt proposes to direct the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
settle the accounts of Thomas W. Ward, late
collector of customs for the district of Corpus
Christi, Texas, from March 5, 1867, to July 31,
1867, and to allow him the same compensation
and emoluments as if he had been legally col-
lector of customs for that district for that period.
It further proposes to recognize the deputy col-
lector appointed by Thomas W. Ward on the
7th of March, 1867, as the legal deputy col-
lector of the district, and the accounting offi-
cers are to settle his accounts in the same man-
ner as if he had been legally appointed and all
his acts were legal.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 764, for the relief of certain exporters of
distilled spirits. It has been a long while
before the Senate. I believe there is now no
longer any objection to it; and it is very im-
portant that the bill should be taken up and
disposed of.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator from
New York if he will not allow me to call up a
bill? I do not wish to antagonize it to his;
but the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, who is not able to be here to-day,
sent word to me that there was an urgent
necessity for the passage of the bill appropri-
ating §150,000 to sustain the Indian peace
commission, so called. I suppose it will occupy
but a moment, and I hope the Senator will
allow that to be taken up.
Mr. MORGAN. When this bill is taken up,
if it does not thereby lose its place, I shall not
object to that measure being taken up ; but I
think the Senator had better let this bill be
passed. I think it can be disposed of in a few
minutes. It was up once before, but some
objection was made, as it was feared there
would be frauds under it; but I think those
objections are removed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore The ques-
