THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
upon the opinion that, whether good or bad, the
President broke the law in removing him, and
must take the consequences of that breach of
the law. It is said here that lie broke it in
order to gset into court. I agree that if his
counsel are correct he is in court, and in a
court where he will have the full benefit of
having the law settled forever.
Mr. Evakts rose.
Mr. CONKLfNG. Before the counsel pro-
ceeds I beg to submit a question, which I send
to the desk in writing.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The question pro-
pounded by the Senator from New York will
be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Queftion. Do the counsel for the respondent offer
at this point to show by the witness that he advised
the President to remove Mr. Stanton in the manner
adopted by the President, or merely, that ho advised
thePresident to nominate for the action of the Senate
some person other than Mr. Stanton?
Mr. STANBERY. We do not propose
either. We propose simply to show that he
gave his opinion that for the good of the ser-
vice somebody else ought to be there. .
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Without regard to
the mode?
Mr. STANBERY. We do not propose to
show that he advised him about the modcof
removal; but we propose to show this opinion
communicated to the President.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sena-
tors, I do not propose, upon this question of evi-
dence, to aiseusstlie constitutional relations of
the President of the United States to his Cabinet,
nor to anticipate in the least the consideration
of the merits of this case, as they shall finally
be tin1, subject of discussion. If the accusations
against, the President of the United States upon
which he is on trial here, and judgment upon
which must result in his deposition fromhisgreat
office and a call upon the people of the United
States to choose his successor, turn wholly
upon the mere question of whether the Presi-
dent has been guilty of a formal violation of
a statute law, which might subject him to a six
cents' fine or a ten days' imprisonment, if he
were indicted for it—if that is the measure and
the strength (as, when it comes to question
of evidence, is constantly urged upon you) ot
this accusation, I think that the honorable
Manager who so eloquently and warmly pressed
upon you the consideration that Warren Has-
tings's trial was nothing to this was a little out,
of place. If they will make it just as it would
be if the President had been indicted under
the civil-tenure act, when he could have been
found guilty or innocent under the circum-
stances of the act, and then the punishment
could have been made appropriate to the cir-
cumstances of its actual formal technical in-
fraction, we could understand that trial; and
that is open to the House of Representatives
or to any informer at any time. On the con-
trary, through hours and pages of eloquence,
the mere act and fact of the removal of Mr.
Stanton is made the circumstance or corpus
delicti upon which, in respect of its motives,
its purposes, its tendencies, its results, the
"high crime," in the constitutional sense of
that term, which would call for a removal
from office of the Chief Magistrate by reason
of some grave public interest being injured, is
made the topic of argument, and of proof.
Now, Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, you
cannot fail to see that General feherman is not
called here as an expert to give an opinion
whether Mr. Stanton is a good Secretary of
War or not. He is not called here as an expert
to assist your judgment in determining whether
or 110 it was tor the public interest that Mr.
Stanton should be removed, in the sense of
determining whether this form of removal was
legal or not. He is introduced here as the
second in command over the armies of the
United States, and to show an opinion on_ his
part, as a military man and in that position,
that the military service required for its proper
conduct that a Secretary should take the place
of Mr. Stanton'whose relations to that service
and to the Commander-in-Chief were not such
as those of Mr. Stanton were, that that opinion
was communicated to the President. We shall
enlarge the area by showing that it was shared
in by other competent military authority.
And, now, if a President of the United
States, when brought under trial before a court
of impeachment upon impeachment, is not at
liberty in ,his defense to show that the acts
which are brought in question as against the
public interest and with bad motives, and to
obstruct laws, and to disturb the public peace,
acts wantonly done, recklessly done, violently
done, were proper and necessary in the judg-
ment of those most competent to think, most
competent to advise, most responsible to the
country in every sense for their opinions and
their advice, what can he show? _ Is it not
proper for him to prove that, furnished with
those opinions and supported by those opin-
ions, (whether, in fact, which is yet to be de-
termined, he adopted a mode that was unjus-
tifiable or not; and whether you shall adjudge
the mode to be criminal or not, is not now
important,,) he acted in such a manner that
the motives and the objects which he had in
view were of the public service, and for the
public service, and based upon the intelligent
and responsible opinion and advice of those
in whom the service and the community gen-
erally had, and upon the best foundations, the
most, abiding confidence.
Now, Senators, reflect; you are taking part
in a solemn transaction which is to effect, in
your unfavorable judgment, a removal ot the
Chief Magistrate of the nation for some offense
that he has committed against the public wel-
fare with bad motives and for an improper pur-
pose; and we offer to show you that, upon con-
sultations and deliberations and advice from
those wholly unconnected with any mattersol
personal controversy and any matters of politi-
cal controversy, and occupying solely the posi-
tion of duty and responsibility in the military
service of the country, he acted and desired
to accomplish this change. Wc cannot prove
everything in a breath ; nor is it a criticism on
testimony justly to exeludo it, that it does not
in itself prove all; but if it shall be followed, as
it will be, by evidence of equal authority and
weight and by efforts of the President, or au-
thority to make efforts given by the President
to secure a change in the control of this office
which the military service of the country thus
demanded, we shall have shown you by an
absolute negative that this intention, this mo-
tive, this public injury, so vehemently, so pro-
fusely imputed in the course of the arguments,
so definitely charged in the articles, had no
foundation whatever.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President
and Senators, after the very pertinent ques-
tion that was propounded by one of the Sena-
tors to the counsel for the President had been
put, nothing more would have been said by the
Managers but for the argument that has sincc
been interposed. The suggestion made by
the honorable Senator shows the utter incom-
petency and absurdity of the proposition that
is presented here now: that was whether you
proposed to ask of the witness that he formed
the opinion and expressed it to the Executive
that he ought to remove the Secretary of War
in the mode and manner that he did remove
him or attempt to remove him. Is there any
one, here bold enough to sa3r that if he had
formed the opinion against the legality of the
proceeding and had so expressed himself to
the President it would be competent for us to
introduce any such matter here as a mere mat-
ter of opinion to prove intent or to prove any-
thing else against the President.
But, apart, from that, the reason chiefly why
I rose to reply to the utterances of the gentle-
man who has just taken his seat is this: he
intimates here the extraordinary opinion for
himself that the trial in a court of justice of a
beggar arrested in your streets for a crime
punishable with six cents of fine or, perchance,
five hours' imprisonment, is subject to a very
different rule of evidence and of administrative
justice from thatwhich prevails and applies when
you .come to prosecute t.he Chief Magistral® of
the nation. The American people will-entels-
tain no opinions of that sort; nor will their
Senators. We have the same rule of justice
and the same rule of evidence for tlie trial of
the President of the United States and for the
trial of the most defenseless and the weakest of
all our citizens.
Mr. EVARTS. Will the honorable Manager
allow me to say that the only illustration I (used
was of an indictment against the Chief Magis-
trate of the Union on trial before a police? court;?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. I supposed my-
self that when the gentleman made use of the
remark he intended ccrtainly to have the Sen-
ate understand that there was a different cule
of evidence and of administrative justice in
the prosecution of an indictment in a court
where the penalty might be six cents fj-om
that which applied in the prosecution of the
President before the Senate.
Mr. EVARTS. When the issues.are differ-
ent the evidence will be different. It does not
depend on the dignity of the defendant.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. It is very diffi-
cult. to see how the gentleman can escape from
the position which he has assumed here before
the Senate by making the remark that he sup-
posed the President to be prosecuted. It is ft
very grave question in this country whether the
President can be prosecuted in the courts of
the United States for an indictable offense
before he is impeached. It has been incorpo-
rated in your Constitution that after he has
been impeached and removed he may be in-
dicted and prosecuted for the crime. I do not,
however, stop to argue that question now. I
do not care who is prosecuted upon an indict-
ment, whether the President or a beggar, the
same rule of evidence applies to* each. I do
not care who is impeached, whether it be the
President of the United States or the lowest
civil officer in the service of the United States
before the Senate, the same rule of evidence
obtains, and the common-law maxim applies
that where an offense is charged which is un-
lawful in itself, and it is proved to have been
committed, (as alleged in every one of these
articles, and established, I say, by the proof as
to all of them,) the law itself declares that the
intent was criminal, and it is for the accused
to show justification. That is the language of
the books. I so read it in the volume lying
before me, the third of Greenleaf.
I do not stop to delay the Senate by reading
the words further than I have recited them,
that where the act is unlawful the intent is
established by the proof of the fact that he did
commit the unlawful act. As I intimated be-
fore, that being the rule of evidence as to the
intent, which was very adroitly suggested as
the reason for asking this extraordinary ques-
tion, this kind of testimony could be of no
avail unless, indeed, we were to have the
opinion of the Lieutenant General as to the
legality of the act.
I remarked before—and upon that remark I
stand—that the question of the legality of the
President's conduct is not, to be settled oythe
opinions of any witness called at this bar; it is
to be settled by the judgment of this Senate ;
and it is to be settled by the judgment of the
Senate to the exclusion of every other tribunal
on the earth, for it is so written in your Con-
stitution. Intents are not to be proved in any
conceivable form or shape by the opinions of
any number of witnesses about the legality of
an act. The law and the judges of the law
will determine whether the act was unlawful;
and opinions, though ever so often formed
and expiessed by a third person, cannot make
an unlawful act a legal or a lawful act, and
cannot get rid of the intention which, the law
says necessarily follows the commission ot an
unlawful act. ,
Well, say the gentlemen again, the President
was taking the advice of honored and honor-
able gentlemen in the public service. The
Constitution, as the Sfcmite well know, indi-
cates who shall be the President's advisers in
such a case as this of the removal of the head
