3248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
York, to take up the bill (H. R. No. 764) for
the relief of certain exporters of distilled
spirits.
Mr. HOWARD. I really hope that the Sea-
ate will not take up that bill, but will take up
Senate bill No. 256, relating to the central
branch Union Pacific railroad—abill which has
been before the Senate and has been pretty
thoroughly discussed, and one which is of a
great deal of importance, both to the Govern-
ment and the parties who are interested in it.
It has been pending before the Senate now for
several months, and has been from time to
time discussed, and I really hope the Senate
will now consent to take it up and finish it,
dispose of it one way or the other. I do not
like, of course, to antagonize it against the bill
of the honorable Senator from New York, but
I do not see any other way that I can take. I
hope, therefore, that the bill which is now
mentioned will not be taken up, and that mine
will be.
Mr. CONKLING-. Without reference to the
bill -which it is proposed now to take up, I
hope the Senator from Michigan will not insist
upon taking up the bill that he suggests. The
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] who
is not able to be here to-day, wishes to be heard
on that bill, and has so stated. Several other-
Senators wish to be heard upon it; and to be
entirely frank about it, I am one of those who
have some observations to make upon the bill.
I have investigated it with care since it was dis-
cussed before, and have provided myself with
papers to put at rest some mooted questions
with regard to it. It therefore certainly cannot
be finished to-day, and I hope it will not be
taken up in the absence of several Senators,
two at least, who have announced their wish
to be heard upon it when it is taken up.
I know my honorable friend from Michigan
has proposed twice before to take up this bill,
both times in the morning hour, when there
was unfinished business which would cut it off
at one o'clock; and the objection has been
made by Senators that they wished to have an
opportunity to discuss it, and therefore did not
wish it to be taken up for ten or fifteen min-
utes or half an hour. Now, I will promise the
Senator, for one, that if he will move to take
up this bill at any time when the Senate is in
its ordinary condition of fullness, after the
morning hour, I will assist him to get it up,
because I agree it ought to be disposed of one
way or the other, although I differ with him
entirely in saying that the public have any
interest in it, except as to the question whether
$2,500,000 shall be taken from the Treasury
and a large donation of lands made. In that
sense, of course, they have an interest. But
every Senator who has been here to-day knows
that at hardly any time has there been a quo-
rum present. The Senate is somewhat fuller
now than it was a few moments ago ; but we
all observe the unusual thinness of the body.
I submit that a bill of this sort ought not to
be taken up at such a time as this, and more
especially not when, as I say, Senators wish to
be heard, two of whom at least are detained on
this occasion from sickness, and are unable to
be Dresent—the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] and the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton.]
Mr. NYE. The Senator from New York
says he desires to discuss the measure pro-
posed to be taken up by the Senator from
Michigan. There will probably be as much
time to-day as he wants to use in his argument.
I think it ought to be taken up. Here is a road
that lias only one end to it, and the bill ought
to be taken up, and let these people who have
been here all the winter dancing attendance on
Congress know what their fate is to be. If it
is taken up now, and the honorable Senator
from New York commences the discussion, I
know he will be able to speak the day out,
especially if lie has got the papers he says he
has. I hope that he will use what little time
there is left of to-day himself. Then so much
of the argument will be over, and to-morrow,
undoubtedly, the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] will be here, and in that way we
shall get along with the bill; but if the Senate
wait until everybody is here who wants to make
a speech upon it we shall probably not reach
it this session. It is a question, I contend,
that the public are interested in, outside of the
sense which the honorable Senator from New
York suggests. It is a question in which the
public faith is concerned, as I look upon it;
and I insist upon it, it ought to be determined
one way or the other, for 1 do not misstate the
case when I say that this road has no connec-
tion, and it is impossible to make one unless
Congress do something to put the company
upon their own resources or to give them
means to carry on the work so far as to fulfill
the faith originally pledged.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Howard] perhaps had
better accept the suggestion of the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Coxkling,] with this
modification: we should have an understand-
ing that the bill will be taken up to-morrow at
one o'clock. I think the bill ought to be con-
sidered, and I should like very much to hear
the views of Senators upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. To-morrow has been set
apart for the consideration of pension bills.
Mr. SLIMNER and others. Oh, no; Satur-
day is set apart for pension bills.
Mr. HOWARD. If I can have such an
understanding, I will be entirely content to
take it up atone o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to add, as a
reason why I would like a postponement until
to-morrow, that the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] will discuss the question as a
lawyer, of course, and I should like to hear his
views upon it. It is a law question, in my
opinion, that is involved in this case. When
the bill first came up 1 was decidedly against
it, because I thought this road never ought to
be a part of the Pacific railroad plan ; but upon
an examination of the law I find myself very
much embarrassed about it. It is almost
impossible to resist the conclusion that the law
has committed Congress to the support of this
road; and as I find myself thus embarrassed
about it, I should like to hear the views of
Senators who are opposed to the bill, and I
shall oppose taking a vote in their absence. I
suggest that it be the understanding that this
bill be taken up to-morrow at one o'clock, and
be disposed of to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from Indiana to name Monday,
because if the Senator from Maine [Mr. Mor-
rill] should be well enough to be in his place
to-morrow he will, undoubtedly, insist upon
proceeding with the regular appropriation bills
that are now pending.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let it be subject to that
contingency.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. You had bet-
ter place it beyond all contingencies, and have
it understood when the bill is to come up.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is no hurry
about the appropriation bills. They have
never failed yet, 1 believe, but once. As the
friends of this bill have sought to have it con-
sidered so frequently, I think it is due that we
should take it up to morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempoie. The ques-
tion before the Senate is on taking up the bill
mentioned by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Morgan-.]
Mr. SUMNER. I am in favor of the bill
that is now moved by the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Morgan.] Indeed, I am very
anxious that it should be considered and
passed. I am also in favor of the bill moved
by my friend, the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard,] and I think that it ought to be taken
up and passed. All things considered, I should
prefer to proceed with the railroad bill this
afternoon, and 1 think we might begin by listen-
ing to the Senator from New York, [Mr. Conk-
ling,] who has enlightened us repeatedly on
the subject, and, I have no doubt, will con-
tinue to do so as long as the bill is under dis-
cussion. But then he might begin this after-
noon, if we should take it up at three o clock.
If the Senate is not disposed to proceed, with
it this afternoon, then I think that there
should be an understanding that it shall be
taken up at one o'clock to-morrow, and that
nothing else shall be allowed to interfere with
it until it is acted on finally. If the opposition
of the Senator from New Yorkshould then pre-
vail, be it so; but let us act upon it. I think
that the bill is too important, whetheryou look
at it in the light of the public interests involved
or of the private interests in question, for the
Senate to continue to sport with it, if I maybe
pardoned the expression, as it seems to me to
have done during the last two months. Great
interests are here in question. Private indi-
viduals have made large sacrifices, and they
are now held in suspense. I do not think
it right. I remember that the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Siierman,] when he began the op-
position to this bill, publicly announced here
that the parties had an unquestionable equity.
That was his own language. On looking into
the bill, 1 am sure that he did not overstate the
case ; they have an unquestionable equity, and
I think the Senate ought, therefore, to come to
some understanding now to proceed with that
bill until it is brought to a close.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to taking up the bill mentioned
by the Senator from New York?
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to have an under-
standing with regard to the railroad bill, or I
shall oppose taking up the other bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. The understanding is for
those who agree to it. I do not agree to any
such understanding. If the Senator from
Maine comes in here to-morrow and asks us
to take up an appropriation bill I shall vote
to take it up against a railroad bill or any
other private bill, it is true that the appro-
priation bills are never, lost; they never can be
lost; but they can be crowded into the heel of
the session, so that they pass without any
proper consideration; and every session we
find in them, not only appropriations that are
injudicious and inconsiderate, but we find
legislation that never would have passed if we
had had time to consider it. I will not agree,
for one, to postpone these appropriation bills,
which not only are necessary to carry on the
Government, but which, by the system that
lias so long prevailed, contain a great deal of
legislation for private interests, and let them
be pushed aside to the close of the session when
we are to pass them, as I have seen an appro-
priation bill passed here, without being read.
Mr. MORGAN. I think the Senate must
conclude that it is time that the bill I have
moved to take up was disposed of. It passed
the House of Representatives on the 4th of
March, came here a few days afterward, and
had a favorable report from the Committee on
Finance. I was instructed to report it, and as
I supposed at the time without any opposition.
It was brought up in the Senate, and it received
some opposition from members of the Com-
mittee on Finance, and it was laid over. The
business of all the persons engaged in the
exportation ot alcohol and rum to Africa
has been suspended, hung up entirely, await-
ing action on this bill ; and no State has so
much interest in it as the State of Massachu-
setts. I am therefore a little surprised at my
friend on my right [Mr. Sumner] stating that
he would prefer of the two that the railroad
bill should be taken up ; a bill to grant a sub-
sidy to a railroad in Kansas in preference to
this bill relating to the exporters of New York
and Boston.
Mr. NYE. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from New York whether the Africans
are suffering from the want of this rum, or the
merchants of Boston are suffering from not
being able to send it? [Laughter.]
Mr. MORGAN. They are suffering both
ways. [Laughter.]
Mi. Ill ION. I should like to have this
question put in such a form that I eould vote
lor taking up the bill designated by the Senator
