1£Q0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
both the law and the facta of the ,cage, was as
etjuallj divided' as. a committee cap~|)e, and
When a very large proportion of this. House,
upon fall consideration; of the case, ?,nd full
<?ebafe, "said when thejcame to Vote that, John
Young, Brown was eligible tg a seat here—
wjien there is this difference of opinio^ among
men competent to judge, and with every means
and facility of eorping to a correct judgment—•
to say that the pppulafion of twelve .counties,
with no pther knowledge upon this .subject
except that which floats about in the commu-
nity ,byn e w s p ap ers and otherwise, w.ere bound
tft'vdte at g^ru of being disfranchised,, I, say
again, is nonsensieaj and absurd.,
THere the hammer fel}.]
The question was upon the'following substi-
tute offered by Mr. Cobumj for; the resolution
reported' by" the Goiidjiiittfee of Elections-:
:liesolved, That Samuel E. Smith, having received'
a majority-of tne votes cast in conformity with law,
is ijntitlei to take tlieotttfi of office as a Representa-
tive in this House from tho secondcongressionail dis-
tri'cjt o£ Kentucky.
,, Mf. CHANEiER demanded the yeas and
nays.
• IJha-yeSs and na.vs-were-©cdered-.
The question was taken and it was decided
in the- negative—yeas 30,- nays 102, not voting
&71;, ots.foUo.ws: i
YBASr^Messrs. Anderson, Delos E. Ashley, Beatty,
M iiiiuiu J iu«wi, luuiiuis, xiime, rtiiyiB
Piliv Pojgley, Itaum, Sharks, Trowbridge, Van Aer-
num. Burt Van Horn, Itobert X. Van Horn, Van
Wyck, and William AViHiamsr-30.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Am.es, Arr\ell,
Asb-iey, Axtoll, Baker. Banks, Boa,man,
Ji^pivJiuiRham, Blaine, £outw$ll, BroiuweU.Brooks,
Broohiali, B'uckland, Buiy.Ohattlw.OUurehUl, Reader
W, Clarke, Cornell, Dftwos, EJfwfleston, Bldridsc, Eliot,
h  vncufAMtFi .li'fiMxn ^>«(Sni.i <ill~.. .    /I..II .. ,j 
op           
Hulibard-, liulburd, Humphrey, lnprersoU, Jenckes,
Johnson. Jones. Jadd,. Juliau, Kerr. Ketoham,
Kitchen, Knott, Lailin,Lincoln, Lotfan, LouKhrldgc,
Mjrflory, Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy. McCormick.
Merour, Moorhead, Morgan, Mungcn, Orth, Perhani,
Piko> Wants, Poland, Piuyn, Randall, Robert-sou,
.Sawyer, bohonck*, Scofiold, Smith, Spalding {Stark-
weather. Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes. Stone,
labor, lay lor, rhomas, John TrimWO, Lawren6e S.
Tiumhio, iwichell, Upson, Van Auk cm, Van Xvunip,
f^yvaladerC.\\a&jibani, BliUu&Washburne* Henry
WiUUiui B.Wftahbum, Wclkcr, Stephen
\^mS9rn/U^?<!°UvV^00^  ftnd Woodward—102.
__&0i VQUNti—-Mefwrju Archer,-Bailey. Baldwin,
Barnes, Bamum, Benjamin,' Blair, Boyor, Butler,
Ca,feo  Cary, Cobk, Cttllom, Dixon, J)od{?o, Donnelly,
fe finnoy/ Fox, Gravely, Ilaiffht, Hals-ey,
llill, Asahttl W. Hubbwcl, kolloy. Kooatz, George, V.
Lamvneo, Lynch, Maymwl, jVleOUirg, McOullough,
Miller. Moore, M.orrcll, Mom^cy, Myers, Newcomb,
Nihlaok. icholson. Nunn, ()WaiIlt Phelps, Poiueroy,
I nee, Robinson, Boss, Solyo, Shellabargcr, Sit-
Kreayes, fhaddeus btyvens, Taffo, Ward, Thomas
Williams Jaraos 1\ Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
woodbrulgo—57.
So th.e substitute was not adopted.
During tho call of tho roll the following
announcements of pairs were made:
Mr. LA WRhlNCli, of Pennsylvania. lam
paired oil this question with Mr. Bkntjami.v, of
Missouri. lie is in favor of this substitute; I
am opposed to it..
Mr. NIBLACK. Upon this question I am
paired with the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr.
Maykaiib. He would vote for this substitute
if he were present; I would vote against it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to state
that my colleague, Mr. Pktce, is detained from
his scat by illness. On this question and on
all others involved in this ease I am paired
with hiui.^ If he were present he would vote
in the affirmative and I In the negative upon
this substitute.
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to state that
my colleague, Mr. Boyihi, is paired with an-
other colleague, .Mr. Kooxrz, upon this ques-
tion. Mr. Boyi;k, ifpresent, would vote against
this substitute.
Tho vote was announced as above recorded.
Ihe question recurred upon the following
resolutions, reported from the Committee of
iiaections:
rJv^fVln E- Smith, not having rc-
'iva in (his JF r V0,t6s oast for Representa-
dktriS Jr -„! ,uie {fom tho sooon(i conwfbional
as such « * therein |
Resolved, That .the Speaker bo directed to notify
the Governor of Kentucky that a vacancy exists in
the representation in this House from the second
congressional-district of-Kentucky.
The resolutions were adopted. '
Mr. DAWES moved to .reconsider the rote
by which the resolutions were adopted; and
also moved that, the motion to reconsider bei
laid ort the table..
The latter motion was-agreed to.
. removal of new orleans councilman.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent^ laid
before the House a communication from the
General of the Army, transmitting, in com-
pliance with the resolution of the House .of
the 14th instant, correspondence with General'
Hancock relative to the removal by General
Hancock of councilmen in New Oxlaans.
Mr. BROOKS and others called for the.
reading of the communication, with the, accom-
panying correspondence.
The Clerk r«ad atf follows:
' Headquakmrs ARMY OP THE TJN-IT?I> STATES,
; Washington, Mlruaw 15,'la58.
SlB: In compliance with resolution of tho Housei
of Representatives of February 14,1868, X have-the
honor to transmit-herewith copies of tho eorrespond-
once-between General Hancock and myself relative
to the removal,by General Hancock of councilmen in
tho city of New Orleans.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,-
TT „ Lj- S. GRANT, General*
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker House of M&itrcsciitutives.
Telegram received at Wauling/on Fehruco'y7,1SdS,/rom
Headquarters Fifth Military District.
New Obleans, February 7,1808.
General 0. S. Quant :
I have removed nine (9) members of the city coun-
cu two white and seven colored—for .contempt of.
the orders of the military eouimandcr in proceeding
to a.n ©lection for a recorder for the second district •
and which is an elective otlice under the hvws by thei
poop jo and not hylho council. The uttempt to hold
the ejection was made while I was absent in Texas,
but the council was reform! to Goncral Sheridan's
order forbidding elections until reconstruction was
completed without the authority of tho eomyianding-
grcncral. Nevertheless, these members voted for an
immediate election, and the project was carried,
lhe election was about ,to bo completed, wh-en
one or two members, more timid than these, left and
broke tho quorum. A easo in point is the order of
General Mower, S. 0., of October 15,3867, removing
tho_ Jefferson city council for a like oifonso. My.
action in this matter was in accordance with the
power 'Granted; by tho reconstruction act, whicfi
allows the district commander <o su,spond or remove-
persons li;om ofijco, und provide, from time to time,
tor tno performance of the duties of persons
removed by appointment, Ac.
WIimiOl.D S. IIAN00CK,
■t Major General. United States Aj-mv.
IltsADQu.utTiiRs Army United Status.
Official copy: GE0KGB K. LEET,
-Assistant Adjutant General.
[Telegram.]
Washington, February 8,18CS.
Major General W. S. IUncock,
New Orleans, Louisiana:
Suspend your order removing city council of Now
Orleans until full report of reasons is sent. Answer
w m:"l. JJ. S. tJPiANT, General.
IIHAIMJUARTISUS ARMY UXITED STATKS.
Official copy: _ GEOKGE IC. LE£T,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Bv telegram received Washinoton, D. O:, 0 a. ni„ Feb-
ruary 11, 1SGS, from. New Orleans, Louisiana, 2.30
jp. m., February (>, ]<S(38.
General U. S. Grant, Commanding Armies United
Elates:
Your dispatch of the 8th February, directing me
to suspend my order No. 28 oi 7th iJeceiuber, remov-
ing certain members of the «ity council of Now Or-
leans until full report of tho reasons therefor should
be sent to you, was received at ten p. m. to-day. I
request that you may reeonsidcr your action, and
that my order in the premises be notsuspended until
you have the full report of the reasons called for by
you._ I telegraphed you at the moment the order
was issued, giving as full a statement of my reasons
for action as I thought could bo made.
l referred you to tho orders of General Sheridan
forbidding cleetions which you have on file at your
headquarters, and stated th;it the city council had
been previously notified of this order by me. I also ,
rcfeiied you to an order of General Mower, issued in l|
October last, which set forth a paiallcl case, and j!
which you have on file. In that case an appeal was ;•
taken to you for a -reinstatement of the council |:
removed by General Mow ei, which appeal you have ■
uot sustained; the present ease was in dcfiance of |!
that example of General Slieridan's order and of 11
ray own letter cautioning the couneilto desist in this H
election, and forwarded: to you, printed copy, Jan-
uary^-b; it was also illegal under tlicla^pby which
taey claimed to act. I was astonished at the action
ot the council,, and could not account for it except
in too t^-ctj.that they had bc.cn instigated to it by de-
signing men,,who believed, if I dared,to make those
removals, til at it would end in my own removal
from tUis place and that, they would be protected.
At any rate, my solt-respeet as commander of this
district made it absolutely necessary that I should
take summary measures, regardless of the conse-
quences with which partisans might threaten me, ' I
do.not ks&w what'fuller report could be furnished
in this case, fox all the papers explaining my action
have been sent to- Vou. To suspend my order would
bo to destroymyiisefulneps here, and in such event a
sense of what XTConsidcrldue to me and my position
in, this matter would necessitate a respectful request
to bo relieved from my present command. Although
I have been here seVenty days, this is the second
occasion I have taken on my own responsibility to
make a removal, the first one two days previous to
this, both.for grave causes reported, to you in d<}Wl
by telegraph: and, w%ile I fully recognize tKe ^o^er
of the General-in-Chief to disapprove'my action, I
respectfully request that, as I have acted upon a full
knowledge of the facts, the General-in-Chief may
delay his a*Hkm until'he can inform nre what further
papers or information he may, desire, in addition to
what has been already furnished for a full under-
standing 6f the case ujidor consideration. My action
in the premises w«s originally bfwed on' the first sup-
plonjenUiaT reconsb\uctioa act o.f.July 19v 1867;
I await} your, reply before issuing the order.
. W.k HANCOCK,
- Major General' Commanding.
Headquarters Army United States,
Official copy,:
GEORGE K. LEET,
Assistant Adjutant General.
[Telegram.]
Washington D.C:, February 11,186S.
Major General W. S. Hancock,
New Orleans, Louisiana :
If your order removing city council has been exe-
cuted and new appointees aye in you need notsus-
peud orders as directed.
^TT. S. GRANT, General
Headquarters Army United States,
Official copy ^ GEORGE K. LEBT,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Teleprar)i received February 11, 1868, from JSTew Or-
leans, February 11^ 1868.
General XT. S. Grant, Commanding United States Army:
Tho change in the city council was an accom-
plished fact when your dispateh.of February (J was
received; Several of the appointees had already filed
copies of their oaths of office. In iny selections I
have-aupomted tho best men to office without regaid
to their political sontimentsu All must take the re-
quired oath, for the change will be of immense ad-
vantage to tho city, as the poor, of which the city is
principally composed, are dependent upon the pub-
lic confidence. WINHELD S. UANCl/CK.
Major General United States' Army.
IIkadquabtkes Aumy Uxttep States,
OSreiil'l copy; GEORGE It. LEET,
Assistant Adjutant General.
_ The SPEAKER. This communication is
in response to a resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.] If no
objection is made, it will be referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WOOD. That reference will be en-
tirely satisfactory to me.
The communication, with the accompany-
ing papers, was accordingly referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction, and ordered to
be printed.
order of business.
Mr. WAS1IBURNE, of Illinois. It is now
so late that I will not ask the House to go into
Committee of the Whole upon the legislative
appropriation bill, as it contains some items
ot interest which may elicit considerable dis-
cussion. I hope, however, they will be good
enough to take up and consider in the House,
as in Committee of the Whole, the consular
and diplomatic appropriation bill. It is a short
bill ot only about seven pages, and contains
nothing to which I think any one will object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will not the gentieman
consent to an adjournment? To-day is Satur-
day, and itis now nearly half past three o'clock.
Mr. WAS1I1SURNB, pf Illinois. I think
we can get through the consular bill in half an
hour. I will consent to an adjournment at
four o'clock.
Mr. ELDIIIDGE. Will the gentleman ob-
ject to taking the sense of the House upon the
