3.6Q
SUPPLEMENT TO
of a Department. That Constitution expressly
declares that he may appoint, and thereby
necessarily remove, the present incumbent by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
The tenure-of-office act, following the Consti-
tution, provided further that he may for suffi-
cient reasons to him appearing suspend the
incumbent and take the advice of the Senate,
laying the facts before the Senate, with the
evidence upon which he acted, whether the
suspension should be made absolute. The
President did take the advice of the Senate;
he did suspend this officer whose removal he
undertakes to prove now by individual opin-
ions the public service requires. He sent no-
tice of that suspension to the Senate. The
Senate, as his constitutional adviser, acted
upon it. They gave liim notice that they
advised him not to attempt any further inter-
ference with the Secretary for the Department
of War. They gave him notice that under the
law he could not go a step further. Ho there-
upon falls back upon his assumed right, and
undertakes to defy the Constitution, to defy
the tenure-of-office act, to defy the Senate,
and to remove the Secretary of War, and
appoint another in his place without the ad-
vice and consent of anybody except such as he
chose to call into his councils; and now he
undertakes to justify by having them swear to
their opinions. We protest against it in the
name of the Constitution; we protest against
it in the name of the laws enacted in pursuance
of the Constitution; and we protest against it
in the name of that groat people whom we this
day represent, and whose rights have been out-
rageously betrayed, and are now being auda-
ciously defied before this tribunal.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question.
The Secretary read as follows : ,
Question. After tlio restoration of Mr. Stantoii to
office dirt you form an opinion whether the good of
the service required a Secretary of War other than
Mr. Stanton; anil if so, did you communicate that
opinion to tho President?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. CONNBSS called forthe yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 15, nays 35 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew,
Dixon, Doolittlo, Fowler, Gnmes, Hendricks, John-
son, McCreery, Patterson of Tennessee, Rosa, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, and Vickcrs—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Conner, Corbett, Ornsin, Davis, Drake,
Edmunds, Ferry, Fcssendon, Frelinghuysen. Harlan,
Henderson, Howard, Ilowe, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrili of Vermont, Morion, Norton, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Sherman.Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, WiHey, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—.'35.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Saulobury, Sprague,Sum-
ner, and Wade—4.
So the question was decided to be inadmis-
sible.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I send to
the Chair a question.
The CHIEF J UST1CE. The Secretary will
read the question proposed by tho Senator
from Maryland.
The Secretary read as follows:
Did you at any time, and when, before the Presi-
dent gave the order lor tho removal of Mr. Stanton
as Secretary of War, advise the President to appoint
some other person in the-place of Mr. Stanton?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. To that wo have
the honor to object as being leading in form,
and not only in form bad, but being covered
by the vote just taken.
Mi\ EVARTS. I suggest, Mr. Chief Jus-
tice, that the objection of a question being
leading in form cannot be made when it is put
by a member of the court. I have never un-
derstood that such an objection could be made.
It imputes to the court the idea of putting
words into the witness's mouth to lead him.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not know,
Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Chief Justice, I suggest
whether the Managers or the counsel for the
defense can interpose any objection to a ques-
tion made by a member of the court ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justioe
thinks that any objection to the putting of a
question by a member of the court must come
from the court itself.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Whenever that
question arises, the Managers "wish to be heard
upon it.
Mr. DRAKE. I object to the putting of the
question.
The QHIEF JUSTICE. The only mode in
which an objection to the question can be
decided properly is to rule the question admis-
sible or inadmissible; and that is for the Sen-
ate. The question of the Senator from Mary-
land has been proposed unquestionably in good
faith, and it addresses itself to the witness in
the first instance, and it is for the Senate to
determine whether it shall be answered by the
witness or not. Senators, the question is
whether the question propounded by the Sena-
tor from Maryland is admissible.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, ! should like
to have the question read again. I did not
understand it.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question propounded to the witness
by the Senator from Maryland.
The Secretary read as follows:
Question. Did you at any time, and when, before
tho President gave the order for the removal of Mr.
Stanton as Secretary of War, advise the Presidentto
appoint some other person than Mr. Stanton ?
Mr. DRAKE. On that question I ask for
tho yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs, Anthony, Bayard, Bucks&ew,
Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fcssendon, Fowler,
Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks. Johnson. McCreery,
Patterson of Tennessee, Ross, Trumbull, Van Win-
kle. and Vickers—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Coimess, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Drake,
Ferry, Freiinghuyscn, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Morrili of Vermont, Morton,
Norton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pome-
roy, Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Saulsbury, Spraguo, Sum-*
nor, and Wade—1.
So the Senate decided the question to be
inadmissible.
Mr. STANBERY. We have nothing fur-
ther to ask of General Sherman.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. We have noth-
ing to ask of General Sherman. ■ .
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
desires to ask whether the counsel for the
President will require General Sherman again
at all?
To this question no response was made; but
Mr. Stanbery and Mr. Manager Butler each
engaged in conversation with the witness.
Mr. COLE, (at two o'clock and fifteen min-
utes p. m.) I move that the Senate take a
recess for fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Chief
Justice resumed the chair at half past two
o'clock, and called the Senate to order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Gentlemen counsel
for the President, please proceed with your
evidence.
It. J. Meigs Sworn and examined.
By Mr. Staxbery :
Question. What office do you hold?
Answer. I am clerk of tho supreme court
of the District of Columbia.
Question. Were you clerk of that court in
February last?
Answer. Yes.
Qvesiion. Have you with you the affidavit
and warrant under which Lorenzo Thomas was
arrested?
Answer. I have. [Producing some papers.]
Question. Are these the original papers ?
Answer. The original papers.
Question. Did you affix the seal of the court
to the warrant? .
Answer. I did.
Question. On what day?
Ansioer. On the 22d of February last.
Question. At what hour of the day?
Answer. It was between two and three o' clock
in the morning of that day?
Question. At what place?
Answer. At the clerk's office, where the seal
is.
Question. Did you sit up in that office all
night?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Who brought that warrant to you ?
Answer. I do not know the gentleman who
brought it; he said he was a member of Con-
gress, Mr. Pile, of Missouri.
Question. He announced himself as Mr.
Pile, of Missouri?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. He then brought that warrant to
you at your house at that hour in the morning?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And you went then to the clerk's
office?
, Answer. I went to the clerk's office and
affixed the seal and attested it.
Question. To whom did you deliver the war-
rant?
Answer. To Mr. Pile, if that was the gen-
tleman. I did not know him, and do not know
him now.
Question. The marshal was not there at that
time ?
Ansioer. No, sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. May I ask to what
article this applies ?
Mr. STANBERY. What article! It does
not apply to any article. It applies very con-
clusively to some of your proof, and it applies
very much to our answer, as you will find when
we ttre a little further along in the case. [To
the witness. ] Have you the warrant here ?
Answer. Yes, sir, I have.
Question. Did he bring the affidavit upon
which the warrant was founded, or did you get
that afterward ?
Answer. I believe all the papers he gave me.
I think so ; but I am not sure of it. I cannot
recollect
Mr. STANBERY. We propose to read these
papers, gentlemen, [handing the warrant and
affidavit to the Managers.]
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (having examined
the papers.) I understand, Mr. President,
that the counsel forthe President offer the affi
davit and warrant in evidence. Before coming
to them, I should like to ask a question or two
of the witness. I suppose that is our right.
Mr. STANBERY. About the papers or
what?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. About the thing
you have been examining in regard to.
Mr. EVARTS. That is all we have been
examining about.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I propose to exam-
ine about the proof you have already put in.
Mr. STANBERY. We are through with the
witness as soon as we get the papers. You can
take him now and cross-examine him.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Very well.
Cross-examined by Mr. Manager Butleb:
Question. You say you affixed the seal about
two o'clock in the morning of the 22d of Feb-
ruary ?
Answer. Between two and three o'clock in
the morning.
Question. Were you called upon to get up
and go to the office to do that ?
Ansicer. I was.
Question. In cases where great crimes have
been committed, and it is necessary to stop the
further progress of crime, you have been ac-
customed to do that, I suppose ?
Answer. I do not know of any case where
that was necessary to prevent a crime. I have
done the same thing in habeas corpus cases,
and in one replevin case I remember.
Question. Where it is a matter of conse-
quence you do these things when called upon ?
Answer. Certainly.
Question. It is nothing unusual foryoutodo
it in such cases ?
Answer. It cannot be said to be unusual. I
would do it at any time.
By Mr. Stanbeby:
Question. Have you often been called upon
in the course of your experience at night ?
