1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
from New York ; but I cannot do so unless I
can have an understanding that the bill moved
by the Senator from Michigan can come up
to-motrow. If a motion can be made in that
way, I shall vote to act on both bills.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Each must
stand upon its own merits. There can be no
such agreement except by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. OONKLING. I rise, Mr. President, to
join issue with the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumxer,] not in respect
of his wit and facetiousness, both of which are
great, nor m respect to the legislative morals,
the idea of fair dealing among gentlemen which
enters into the statement he makes. He seems
to think that acting from what the doctors call
vis a tergo, apiessure from behind, about this,
it is quite right for him to insist that a bill of
this private nature shall be pressed in the ab-
sence of Senators whom he knows, by reason of
sickness, are detained from the Senate, a d
who have announced that they wish to be heard
upon it. I have no quarrel with him on that
subject.
Mr. SUMNER. What one Senator is in the
predicament the Senator describes? It is all
news to me.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator from
Massachusetts condescended to pay attention
to what other members of this body says, and
particularly the humbler members of the body ;
if that honor had just now fallen to my lot when
I stated, naming them, two Senators who wish
to be heard on the subject, and who are
detained from illness, I should be relieved
from the Senator's rising from his seat and
inquiring of me who is in that predicament.
The Senator was not out of his seat, but he
sat where he does now when I made the, state-
ment which I refer to.
Mr. President, I rose to take issue with the
Senator upon his statement of fact. I rose to
object to his saying to the Senate that I have
repeatedly enlightened, or attempted to en-
lighten, the Senate upon this subject. That state-
ment is wholly incorrect, although the Senator
made it without any qualification. I once took
the liberty, on the first occasion when this bill
was up, of assigning my reasons for voting
agauibt it. I have never discussed it on any
other occasion, unless literally'I am to except
the question which I put to the honorable Sen-#
ator who sits behind me [Mr. Harlan-] when
he addressed the Senate, for explanation. I
have never discussed the question in any other
way, except once or twice to interpose an
objection to its being taken up, as it seemed
to me out, of season.
The truth is, then, Mr. President, that I did
once address tiie Senate against this bill; and
I have no apology to make to the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts for so doing,
although I have witnessed the extreme zeal on
various occasions with which he has pressed
this matter upon the Senate. On the occa-
sion to which I refer several Senators, among
others the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pome-
eoy,] disputed-—more than that—he contra-
dicted directly a statement which I made, which
1 had received from others. Since that time I
have taken pains to fortify myself; to find out
whether, in truth, I was right or whether he
was right: and 1 say to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that whenever this bill comes up
again, unless the tules of the Senate are so
changed as to coniine observations in the body
to the more eminent members of it, I shall take
the liberty of going again somewhat over this
ground, to the end that wc may see whether
in law or in equity wc are bound to put our
hands into the Treasury and take the sum of
$2,500,000 from it and present it to these men,
who, I believe in my conscience, in morals and
in law, are no more entitled to it than my hon-
orable friend who sits before me. I shall hold
it my privilege to do that; and when I have
done it, it will be true, should the Senator
see fit to say it, that 1 shall have then twice
addressed this body on the subject. But it is
not true now that I have repeatedly, or more
than once, attempted to enlighten the Senate
40'rrt CoNf}. 2r> 204.
or "vextheear" of the Senate upon the meats
of this bill.
Mr.HOWARD. Itisnot,perhaps • very mate-
rial whether the honorable Senator from New
\ ork has addressed the Senate once or twice or
three times on this subject. We all know very
well his strenuous opposition to the bill; and
we all know that he has gone into the subject
heretofore very fully; atleast I supposed he had
done so. What I want at the hands of the Senate
is that this bill shall be taken up and fairly heard
and passed upon, as other bills in the nature of
claims against the Government are passed upon;
that it shall be considered, voted upon,, and
decided one way or the other, after whatever
amount of discussion may be necessary. The
bill has been lying on our tables for five months
to-morrow, and has been somewhat discussed ;
I think sufficiently discussed ; and I think it is
of that nature which calls upon us to pass upon
it either pro or can. and to satisfy the parties in
interest, who have been waiting upon us here
lor the past five months and more, whether or
not we will give them the relief, or any part
of it, which they ask at our hands. The ques-
tion simply addresses itself to our common
sense, and I cannot but observe that the oppo-
sition to taking up this bill to-day comes from
those gentlemen who have shown a decided
opposition to the measure in all its forms and
Mr. HOWE. The question, I believe, is on
the motion to take up the bill referred to by
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Morgax.]
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. That is the
motion.
Mr. HOWE. I am decidedly in favor of
that motion, because the Senator trom New
York is willing when Ins bill is taken up to
let it be put aside for a moment to pass the bill
in relation to the Indian peace commission,
which, I am instructed, it is very important
should be passed to-day; and I hope the Sen-
ate is ready to vote on the question of talking
up that bill. I do not propose to antagonize it
against the bill moved by the Senator from
New York, because to this there is no objection,
I understand, and it will occupy, but a moment.
But we seem likely to spend the day in discuss-
ing another bill which is not before us, nor is
there any motion to bring it before us at pres-
ent. I wish the Senate would take a vote on
the motion to take up the bill of the Senator
from New York.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill mentioned by the
Senator from New Tork.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Now, I ask the consent of the
Senator from New Yo*k to take up this other
bill.
Mr. MORGAN. We can pass thisrightaway.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the bill of the
Senator from New York will be laid aside to
pass the bill of the Senator from Wisconsin.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
laid aside informally, if there be no objection,
for the purpose of taking up the other bill.
indian peace commission'.
Mr. HOWE. I now move to take up House
bill No. 1218.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that that bill lias not been reported
from the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. HOWE. Iam instructed to report, and
I now do so.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
1218) appropriating money to sustain the In-
dian commission and carry out treaties made
thereby was considered as in Committee of
the Whole, for the purpose of carrying out
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
and defraying the expenses and disbursements
made by the commission, authorized by the act
of July 20, 1867, entitled '"An act to establL-di
peace with certain hostile Indian tribes during
the year 1868." The bill appropriates the
sum of §150,000, tQ be expended under the
direction qf the eommission.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
exporters of distilled spikits.
T'1® PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 7C4) for the relief qf certain ex-
porters of distilled spirits, taken up on motion
oi the Senator from New York, is now before
the Senate, and the pending question is on
concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the "Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the attention of
the Senate will be called to this bill, because
I think it is a very important, one. I have no
objection in the world to the exportation of
rum that has been manufactured under the
circumstances stated in this bill, that is, man-
ufactured under a contract to be delivered for
exportation. I have no desire to interfere with
the exportation of honest dealers even iu*ram.
But, in my judgment, the bill as it now stands,
if passed, will open the door to whisky frauds
to a very large extent We passed, sometime
in January last, a bill prohibiting the exporta-
tion of spirits in bond, because it was shown
to the Committee of Ways and Means and the
Committee on Finance that frauds were prac-
ticed under pretense of exportation by export-
ation bonds to a very large extent. Cases were
furnished to us. If the Senate will look at
this bill they wiil see how it may be open to
similar frauds. My only hesitation about the
bill grew out of the fact that I feared under its
provisions rum and alcohol might be exported
in fraud of the law. I will read the bill:
That the act of January 11,18SS, entitled " An act
to prevent frauds _iu tile collection of tax on dis-
tilled spirit?," be so construed as to permit alcohol
and rum, which at the dateof the passage of said net
were already distilled orredistilled and intended for
export, Ac.
That embraces nearly all the alcohol in this
country, or might be made so by proof that
could easily be furnished by the " whisky ring"
—an intangible thing that we can talk about!
The bill authorizes the export of alcohol and
rum.
" Which at the date of the passage of said act"—
That is, to-day, or to-morrow, whenever this
bill passes—
" "Were already distilled or redistilled and intended
for export."
How easy it will be to prove that! It is said
that there are now twenty million gallons of
whisky on hand. I do not know how many
gallons of alcohol there are. The one can be
converted into the other with great rapidity.
It is a mere process of distillation or redistill-
ation, and it is a very simple one. - Under
this bill, by simply proving that the alcohol or
rum, when it was manufactured, was intended
for export, they have the right to export it
under the old law; and they may do it in an-
other ease:
" Or actually contracted for to be delivered for
exportation."
So that alcohol already in existence may be
exported, either when it was "distilled or re-
distilled and intended for export"—how easy
it will be to prove that fact—"oractually con-
tracted for to be delivered for exportat-on."
It will only be necessary for the exporter to
furnish proof of either of these two states of
fact in order to enable him to avoid and evade
the law. Then he may give transportation or
exportation bonds according to law and lie
may export it.
Mr. PBSSENDEN. I ask the Senator what
danger there is of fraud in that? If I under-
stand the matter, the law was changed not
because there was any aversion to the exporta-
tion itself, but because under the bonditig'sys-
tem there were abuses by which the spirits
pretended to be exported were really sold i«
this country. Now, if this is ooly intended
for a particular article, limited in its character,
is there any danger of its going into us6 in
this country and not being actually exported !
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill simply repeals
tho act of January last as to all alcohol and
rum which maybe brought, within either of
