MB
SUPPLEMENT TO
the 22d of February, at two o'clock—a judge
brought, from the bench, such was the urgent
and pressing necessity, either pretended or
real, on the part of Mr. Stanton to avoid the
use of force and intimidation to remove him
from that office. We shall show that having
had him arrested, held to bail in $-5,000, the
time of the trial or further hearing of this
great criminal having been fixed for the next
Wednesday, all this being done on the prior
Saturday, when he got there on that day it
turned out thus: "Why we have got no crim-
inal at all; General Thomas is just as good a
citizen as we have in this community." Gen-
eral Thomas's counsel say to the court, "He
is surrendered; he is in custody; and we do
that for t he purpose of moving a habeas corpus.''
As soon as that purpose was announced, all
at once this great criminal and this great crim-
inal act immediately disappear, and the judge
says, "This is all nothing at all that we have
had against yon, General Thomas ; we do not
even want to ask you to give bail; on the con-
trary, 1 dismiss you." And the counsel for
Mr. Stanton, who were there on that morning,
and who had seen this great criminal punished,
or, at any rate, put under bonds for good be-
havior, expressly consent to what? Not merely
that he shall be put at large under bonds; not
merely'that he shall give bonds for his good
behavior, but that he shall be absolutely dis-
charged and go IVee, just as if there was no
prosecution at all; not bound over to the next
term of the court, but totally discharged, and)
as we shall show you, discharged for the very
purpose of preventing wlial was then in prep-
oration, the presentation of a habeas corpus,
that the case might be got immediately to the
Supreme Court of the United States, then in
session, (he only ready way in which the ques-
tion, could be brought before the courts and
decided for any purpose of any value. Sen-
ators, is that, too, to be excluded? 1 trust, not.
Mr. Manager BUTLEU. I did not mean to
trouble the Senate again ; but one or two state-
ments of fact have been made to which, I
think, I most call your attention. First, it is
said that Mr. Thomas was discharged wholly.
That depended upon the chief justice of that
court, if you are going to try him by impeach-
ment, watt until alter we get through with this
ease. Onetrialatatimeis sufficient. [she to be
tried because he did not do his duty under the
circumstances ? Neither Mr. Stanton, nor your
Honor, nor anybody else has any right to jadge
of the act of that court until he is here to de-
fend himself, which the chief justice of the
bupieino court, of the District of Columbia is
amply able to do.
Then there is another point which I wish to
take into consideration. It is said that Thomas
had become a good citizen. 1 have not agreed
to that. 1 do not believe anybody else has;
but ho himself testifies that the light was all
out of him the next morning after this process,
and they put in then that ho agreed to remain
neutral. Then there was no occasion to hold
him any longer. He took a drink to seal the
neutrality. Do they not remember the testi-
mony that on the next morning after this ho
and Stanton took a drink and agreed to remain
neutral, and they held up the glasses and said,
" This is neutral ground now?" What was the
use of holding him any farther?
Mr. STANBEHY. That is, ho took a drink
with the great criminal!
Air. Manager BUTLER. lie took a drink
with the President's tool; that is all. The
thing was settled. The poor old man came
and complained that he had not had anything
to eat or drink, and in tender inercy to him
Mr. Stanton gave him something to drink ; and
he says that from that hour, if he had not
before, he has never had an idea of force.
What, then, was the use of holding him?
Now, I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to another statement of fact, and that is,
that they did not hold him to keep the peaee.
W by, the next morning he was told that he
was not held to keep the peace. He said that
here to the Senate upon his oath, and he in-
sisted upon putting it in; I objected, but he
said it was necessary for him to make that point,
and then 1 yielded that he might do it. He
said to the Senate that the judge told him,
"This does not interfere in any way with your
duties as Secretary of War."
But there is still another thing. This uncon-
stitutional law has been on the statute-book
since a year ago last March. The learned
Attorney General of the United States stands
before me. Where is the writ of quo warranto
which it was his duty to file?
Mr. STANBERY. I will show it to you right
away, as soon as I get through this testimony.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Then it will be
the first exhibition that has ever been made to
any court in the United States of it, if it is
shown to me. I suppose it has been prepared
since as part of this defense. Where is the
quo warranto filed in any court, Judge Cart-
ter's court, or anybody else's court? Where
is the proceeding taken? He—1 put it to him
as a lawyer, dare ho deny it?—he is the only
man in the United States that could file a
quo warranto, and ho knows it. He is the
only man who could initiate this proceeding,
and he knows it. And yet it was not done;
and still he comes here and talks aboutputting
in the quarrels between Mr. Stanton and Mr.
Thomas over this matter. They are res inter
alios, 1 say again—things done between others—
and they have nothing more to do with this
ease, and hardly as much as the fact which the
President with his excellent taste, and the
excellent taste of his counsel, drew out here
against my objection, that Mr. Stanton when
tins man Thomas claimed that ho was fainting
for want of his breakfast and his drink, gave
him a drink.
The CII1EE JUSTICE. The counsel will
please reduce their question to writing.
Mr. STANBEHY. It is the affidavit, if the
court please, that, we offer in evidence.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. What does the
affidavit relate to ?
Mr. STANBEilY. It is that upon which
the warruut was issued—the affidavit by Mr.
Stanton, and the warrant for the arrest of
Thomas founded on that affidavit. We offer
the two papers.
Mr. EVAHTS. To be followed by the other
proof which we have stated.
'The CHIEF J USTIOE. The Chief Justice
thinks the affidavit upon which the airest was
made is competent testimony, as it iclates to
a tiansactiun upon which Mr. Thomas has
already been examined, and as it may bo ma-
terial to show the purpose of the President to
resort to a court of law. He will be happy to
put the question to the Senate if any member
desires it. (No,Senator being beard to speak.)
llead the affidavit.
Mr. Manager BUTLEU. Does your Honor
understand that the affidavit is admitted?
The CHIEF J US TICK. Yes. sir.
Mr. Munager BCJTLEii. I heard one Sen-
ator ask for the question to be put.
The CHIEF J US TICE. Does any Senator
ask the question to be put?
Mr. CONN ESS. I asked that the question
be put, and I now ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish the question might
be read. We do not fully understand it.
The CHIEF J USTICE, The Chair will state
that the counsel for the President propose to
put in the affidavit upon which the arrest of
General Thomas was made on the morning, I
think, of the 22d of February.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is impossible to decide
without knowing what the paper is.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Will the counsel
state what they propose to prove in writing?
Mr. LYA11TS. I will read the affidavit.
Mr. Manager BUTLEU. We objcct to that.
Then it is in.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Objection is made
to reading the affidavit. If the counsel will
state what they propose to prove in writing it
will be better.
Mr. STANBERY. We propose to offer an
affidavit made by Mr. Stanton on the night of
the 21st or morning of the 22d of February.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. You iviil state it
in writing.
The proposition having been reduced to
writing,
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the proposition of the counsel for the
President.
The Secretary read as follows :
Wo offer a warrant of arrest of General Thomas,
dated February 22,1868, and the aliidavit on which
the warrant issued.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, you who
are of opinion that the evidence proposed to
be offered by the counsel for the President is
admissible, will, as your names are called,
answer yea; those of the contrary opinion,
nay. The Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 17 ; as follows :
YEAS.—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Cnt-
telt. Cute, Coi bett, Crngin, Davis, llixon, Doolittle,
Pessenden, Fowler. iYeluighmsen, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery, Morritt of
Maine, Morritt of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Patterson ot Tennessee,
Pomeroy, Ross, Snerniau, Sumner, Trumbull, Van
"Winkle, Vickers, Willey, William:-, and Yates—o4.
NAYS.—Messrs. Cameron, (Jnandlcr, Conkiing,
Conness, Drake, Kdmundvs, 1'eriy, Harlan, Howard,
Ilowe, Morgan, Nye, liamsc.v, Stewart, Thayer, Tip-
ton, and Wilson—17.
NOT VOTING.—Messrs. Saulsbury, Sprague, and
Wade—3.
So the Senate decided that the offer of the
counsel shouid be admitted.
Mr. EVARTS. I will lead the papers. The
affidavit is:
To lion. David K. CarttEK, Chi<f Justice of the Su-
preme. (hurt for the District of Columbia :
Comes Edwin M. Stanton, of the eity of Washing-
ton, m the said District, and upon oath says that on
tile 21st day of February, A. D. 18<i3, tic, ttie said
Edwm M. Stanton, duly held the oflico ot Secretary
tor the Department ot War, under and aocordin',' to
the Constitution and laws ot the United States; Mint
he had, prior to said 2lst day of February, A. D. 18158,
been duly nominated and appointed to the banl otnco
ot Sccietary of War by tho President ot the United
States, and tiiat his said nomination had been sub-
mitted in duo form of taw to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, and his said nomination had been duty
assented to and confirmed by and with the adviccof
the Senate; and he, the said Edwm M. Stanton, had
duly accepted said oilice, and taken out and sub-
scribed all the oaths required by law, upon his in-
duction into said oilice, andw.is in the actual posses-
sion ot said otiieo and performing the duties thereof
on said -l. t day ot February, A. D. 18b8, and lie had
never resigned said ofiicc, or been legally dismissed
theroli'uln, and he claims that fie does now legally
hold saidotlice, and is en I i tied to all the rights, puv-
ilcges, and powers tnercot.
And the said lidivm M. Stanton on oath further
states that on said 21st day of Eobiuury, 1808, in the
city ol Washington atoresaid, Andrew Johnson, Pres-
ident of the United States, made and issued an order
in writing under his band, with intent and purpose
of removing hun, the said Eawin M. Stanton, lrom
the said othee of Secretary for the Department oi W ar,
and authorizing arid einpoweung Lorenzo Thomas,
Adjutant General ot the Army ot the United States,
to act as Secretary ol War ad interim, and directing
fiini, tfie said Thomas, to immediately enter upon the
discharge of tile duties pertaining to that otiice. And
your atiiant further states that tho said preLended
order of lemoval ot him lrom the said office of Sec-
retary of War is wholly illegal and void and eontiary
to tho expiess provisionsoi an act, ciulypasscd bylho
Congress ot tho United States on the 2d day ot March,
A. D. 18G7, entitled" An act regulating the tcnureof
ccrtaincivil oliices." And your atiiant 011 oath lur-
tlier states that tho said Lorenzo Thomas did, on said
21st day ot February, A. D. 18(38,111 said city ol Wash-
ington, accept the said pietendcd appointment as
Secretary of War ad inlet int, and 011 the sumo day
leitwith your affiant a copy ot the said pretended
order ol the President removing your alliant as Secre-
tary ot War, and appointing the said Lorenzo Thomas
Secretary of War ad iutenin, eertilied by the said
Lorenzo Thomas under fiisown hand as Secretary ol
War ad interim. And 011 the same 21st day ot Feb-
ruary, A. D. I808, in the city ot Washington aloic-
said, the said Lorenzo Thomas delivered to your
atiiant the said pretended order of xViidrew Johnson,
with intent to cause your alliant to deliver to imn.
the said Thomas, all the lecords, books, papers, aiid*
other public property now in his (tho afiiaut's) cus-
tody and charge aS Secretary of War. And your
athantlnrthcr states On oath, and that he is iiiiornu d
and believes that the said Thomas li.is, 111 said city of
Washington and District aforesaid, exeieised and
attempted to exercise the duties ofScerctaiy 01 War,
and to issue orders as such, and your affiant is also
informed and believes that the said Lorenzo Thomas
gives out and threatens that lie will forcibly iemo\ 0
your complainant from the building and apartments
of the Secretary of War in the War Department, and
forcibly take the possession and control thereof under
