2228
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
already decided that the resolution is not be-
fore the House to 'oe returned!
The SPEAKER. The chair will hear the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] before ruling upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.. Iofferthe
following resolution, and if there is objection
to it, I will move to suspend the rules:
Unsolved, That the resolutions of tho Legislature of
tho State of New Jersey, presented by the gentloman
from New Jersey, [Mr. IIaight,] purportingto with-
draw the assenc ot said State to tho constitutional
amendment known as tho fourteenth articlo, bo re-
turned by the Speaker of the House to the gentleman
who presented it, and that its title only shall bo re-
ferred to in the Journal of the liouso, and in tho
Congressional Globe, and farther that this House
denies the constitutional right of any State Legisla-
ture to withdraw such assent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule upon
the question of order made by the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. IIaight. J If the res-
olution of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
' Washburne] was a simple resolution, the
Chair would rule that it was unquestionably
notin order. But the gentleman moves to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of making the
order indicated. The rules can be suspended
even for the purpose of taking a petition which
is before a committee and returning it to the
member who presented it, or taking any other
paper not directly before the House from the
files of the House and referring it to some com-
mittee, or sending it to any person named in
the order. This is a motion to suspend the
rules for the purpose of making a certain order,
which the Chair thinks is in order.
Mr. ELDR1DUE. The Chair has already
decided that the resolution of New Jersey had
gone over until Monday next. Can the rules
be suspended for the purpose of bringing be-
fore the House a paper not now before it?
The SPEAKER. The paper is in the cus-
tody of the House, though not immediately
before it. It is in precisely tho same condi-
tion, so far as respects the proposed order, as
if it had been referred to a committee. It is
not before the House for action.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Js it not still the prop-
crtyand in thepossession of tho gentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr. HaigiitVJ
The SPEAKER. It is not. It must have
been out of his possession, and in tho pos-
session of the House, for the Chair made a
ruling upon it just before the recess to-day,
which he could not have done had it, sfill been
in possession of the gentleman from New
Jersey.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Chair has ruled that
it is not before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so ruled.
Mr. ELDRIDUE. If not before the House
must it not be still the property of the gentle-
man from New Jersey?
The SPEAKER. It is not; because al-
though it is not now before tine House for its
action, it is in tho custody of the House, and
must have been before it to enable the Chair
to rule upon it, as he did before the recess.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
modified my resolution somewhat, and now
move to suspend the rules in order to offer the
following resolution:
Reaolved, That tho resolution ofthe Legislature of
the State of Now Jersey, purporting to withdraw the
assent of said State to the constitutional amendment
known as the fourteenth amendment, be returned by
the Speaker of the Houso to the gentloman ^ho pre-
sented it,for the reason that, thosame is disrespectful
to tho House and scandalous in character, and that
its title only shall be referred to in the Journal of
tho House and in the Congressional Globe.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROSS. I demand the reading of the
resolution of the Legislature of New Jersey.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not
the right to demand the reading of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. ROSS. Have we not a right to have it
read before we determine whether it is scan-
dalous or not?
The SPEAKER. That is a auestion to
govern the votes of members upon the motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a question of order.
That is, whether we, who did not happen to be
in the House when this paper was read, have
not the right to know what it is that is termed
scandalous?
The SPEAKER. It is presumed that every
member is in his place from the time of meet-
ing until adjournment, unless absent by leave
of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of order. The document referred to
has not been read to this House. The gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] who was
absent, is in no worse position than myself,
who was here. The document has never been
read to the House.
Mr. BROOKS. Is that so?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes, sir; it was only par-
tially read; and now, without knowing the
contents of tho document, we are called upon
to vote on a resolution proposing to return it
to the Legislature of New Jersey as "scandal-
ous and disrespectful to the House."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
iui>ge,J whose remarks present an argument
under the form of a point of order, that what
he states might be a consideration calculated
to influence some gentlemen in their votes, but
it cannot be sustained as a point ot order with
regard to the parliamentary position of the res-
olution. This resolution claims on its face that
a suflieient portion of the document in question
has been read to show that it is disrespectful to
the House, Whether that is so or not is for
the House to determine, not for the Chair.
Mr. IIAIGHT. 1 rise to a point of order.
The resolution now before the House lias di-
rect reference to the language of the resolution
of the Legislature of New jersey, which I had
the honor to present this morning. Now, the
language of tho latter resolution is not all be-
fore the House ; it has not all been read ; the
part which has been read depends very much
upon what follows ; and 
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The question is on suspending
the rules for the purpose of making the order
embraced in the resolution of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne.]
Mr. 110SS. 1 move that the House, adjourn.
On the motion to adjourn, there were—ayes
20, noes 77.
Mr. ROSS. I call for tho yeas and nnys.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were
—ayes 20, noes 77.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 20, nays 80, not voting
iVj ; as follows :
YbAH—Messrs. Adams, Beck, Brooks, Burr, Eld-
ridge, Golladay, IJaight, Ilolman, Jones, Kerr, Mar-
shall. Mungen, Niblaek, Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn,
Ross, Stone, Lawrence S. Tiimljle, and Van Au-
ken—-20.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos II. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Banks, Beatty,
Benton, Bingliam, Blaine, Boutweli, Broomall, Buck-
land, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader W, Clarke,
Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Bison, liodge, Driggs, Kck-
iey, Kliot, Ferriss. Kerry, Fields, Garfield, Hill,
Hooper, Hopkins, ilulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd,
Julian, KeNey, Kitchen, Koontz, Latlin, William
Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory, Maynard,
McCarthy, MeCluig, Merctir, Moure, Moorhead,
Moirell, Mullins, Myei.N O'Neill, Porham, l'ike,
Pile, Poland, i'olsley, Poineroy, Prico, (Sawyer,
Schenck, Seoticld, Shanks, Smith, Aaron F\ Stevens,
Twichell, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert, I. Van
Horn, Cadwalader C. "Washburn, Elihu B. "Wash-
burne, Wclker, Thomas Williams, James E. Wilson,
Stephen F. "Wilson, and Wmdoni—89.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Arnell,
Axtell, Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Benja-
min, Blair, Boyer, Bromwell, Cary, Chanler, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Donnelly, Eg-
gleston, Kin, Farnswurth, Finney, Pox, Getz, Oloss-
brenner, Gravely, Griswold, Grover, llalsey, Hard-
ing, Hawkins, Higby, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Jenckes, Johnson. Kclley, Keteliani, Knoit,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Lynch, Marvin,
McCormiek, McCullough, Miller. Morgan, Momssey,
Newcomb, Nunn, Orth, Paine, Peters. Plants, Ran-
dall, Raum, Robertson, lUibinsoii, Selye, Shellabar-
ger, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Starkweather, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Taber, Taffe, Taylor,
Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aernam,
Van Trump, Van Wyck. Ward, Henry D. Washburn, .
William B. Washburn. William Williams, John T.
Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward—80.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on suspending
the rules for the purpose of adopting the reso- '
lution of Mr. Washbubne, of Illinois, on which
the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 80, nays 17, not voting 92 ; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker. Banks, Beatty,
Bingham, Blaine, Boutweli, Broomall, Luekland,
Cake, Churchill, Reader W.Clarke Covode, Cullom,
Dawes,Dixon,Dodge, Driggs, Ecldey, Eliot, Fernss,
Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Halsey, Hawkins, Hill,
Hooper, Hopkins, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd,
Julian, Kelsey, Kitchen, Koonts, Lafiin.V llliam
Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory, Maynard,
McCarthy, Mercur. Moore, Moorhead, M<)rrcll, Mul-
lins, Myers, O'Neill, Perham, Pike, Pi!e-
Polsley, Pomeroy. Price, Sawyer, feehenek SeofieM,
Shanks, Smith, Aaron E. Stevens, Tmchell, Upson,
Burt Van Horn, Robert, T. Van Horn. CadwaJade, C.
Washburn. Elihu B. Washburne \\ elker, Thomas
Williams, James F.Wilson. John T.Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Windom—80. .
NAYS—Messrs. Beck, Burr, Eldridge, fa-oliaday,
IIaight, Holman, Jones, Kerr, Marshall, Mungen,
Niblaek, Nicholson, Phelps, Iloss, Stone, Lawrence
S. Tiimblo. and Van Aukcn—17.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer,
Arnell, Axtell, Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman,
Benjamin, Benton, Blair, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks,
Butler, Cary, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Cornell, Donnelly, Bggleston.Ela.iarnsworth,
Emncy, F'ox, Getz, Glossbrenner, faravely, Griswold,
Giover, Harding, Higby, Hotchkiss,Asahel WHub-
bard, Chester D. Hubbard. Richard D. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Jcnckes, Johnson, Kelley, Keteham,
Knott, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Lynch,
Marvin, MeClurg, McCormick, McCullough, Miller,
Morean, Morrissey, Newcomb, Nunn, Orth, Paine,
Peters, Plants, Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Robertson,
Robinson, Selye, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding,
Starkweather. Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart Stokes,
Taber, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Van Aernam,.VanTrump, Van Wyck, Ward,
Henry D. Washburn, WilliamB. Washburn, William
Williams, Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward—92.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
motion to suspend the rules was agreed toj
and the resolution of Mr. "Washburne, of Illi-
nois, was adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BROOKS said : Not- knowing what I
am called to vote on, I decline to vote.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
ARGUMENT OP MR. BUTLER.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following res-
olution for reference to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of this
House five thousand copies of the opening address
of Hon. Benjamin F\ Butlek, one of the managers
on the part of the House of Representatives on tho
trial of Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, before .the Senate, with the accompanying
brief of law authorities, and forty thousand copies
without the accompanying brief.
Mr. KERR and Mr. BURR objected.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of referring the resolu-
tion.
Mr. KERR. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decidcd
in the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 20, not voting
87 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anderson, Bailey, Baker.
Banks, Beatty, Benton, Blaine, Boutweli, Broomall
Buekland, Cake, Churchill, Header W. Clarke Sid-
ney Clarke, Cook. Covode, Cullom, Dawes Dixon
Dodge Driggs, Ecldey Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields;
Garfield Halsey, Hawkins, Hill, Hooper, Huokins
Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd, Julian, K'elsey
Kitchen. lvoontz, Laflin, William Lawrence. Lincoln
Logan, Loughridge Mallory, Maynard, McCarthy',
MeClurg, Mereur Moore, Moorhead, Worrell, Mut-
lins, Myers, 0 Neill, Perham, Pike, Pile Poland
Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Sawyer, Sehenc-k, Seofiold'
Shanks, Smith, Aaron F. Stevens, Twichell, "Cpstm
niUw Viau Hoi5,VIloSe^r1'- Van Horn, Cadwal.uie;
fi; Washburn, Elihu B.Vi asliburne, Welker, Thomas
^S,JaTd1v!Jol °ta T" W°S0D' St«jh-
Eldridge, GoltadaVAS
Marshall, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson. Ph"0!>
Aukcn-20.SS' Lawrence S. Trimble, and Van
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Deles R
Ashley, James M.Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin B lrn, V
barnum, Beaman, Beck, Benjamin, Bingham' in™
Boyer, Bromwell, Butler, Cary, Chanler, Cobb Co
