3250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
those two classes; because the old law, the
law which was repealed in January, provided
for transportation and export bonds precisely
as this will do. This bill furnishes no addi-
tional guard or restraint on the exportation of
rum or alcohol. It simply provides that if
proof is made that it was already distilled and
was intended for export, or that it was con-
tracted for exportation, the law is to stand as
it did before the act of January last, and it
may be exported under transportation bonds.
I know that no Senator desires to see the
hold we have on the whisky on hand loosened.
I have no doubt that in a short time, when we
reduce the tax on spirits, we shall be able to
get the revenue from nearly all the whisky 011
hand, which, according to official estimates,
is twenty million gallons. . Indeed, it has
been estimated as high as forty millions ; but
I take the lowest, twenty millions. If that is
so, we may by holding on to this whisky inter-
fere somewhat with the legitimate trade in
rum for Africa ; but we shall at any rate pre-
vent any further frauds in regard to the whisky
on hand. That is the only fear I have had in
regard to this bill. If it could be confined to
the article of rum, which, according to the
statements made to us, is the only article
exported to Africa, the negro always prefer-
ring rum to whisky, and if it could be made
with such guards as would prevent fraud in
the exportation, I should have no objection
whatever to the bill, because, as a matter of
course, any revenue bill which we may pass
will allow, under proper guards, the exporta-
tion of whisky and rum manufactured in this
country. But I am satisfied, without now
being able to offer the proper amendments,
that this bill will open the door to fraud, i
am satisfied, from a statement that has been
made to me, that this bill will be the medium
by which frauds will be committed on the rev-
enue by the exportation of alcohol and whisky;
because the proof required by this bill can be
so easily furnished, will be so easily manufac-
tured, will admit cases of fraud more easily
than under the existing laws.
This is all 1 desire to say upon the subject.
I know that the bill is pressed a great deal by
merchants and others who desire to export
rum, because it is a legitimate and fair trade
in the ordinary course of business operations,
and I do not desire to interfere with that trade ;
but I am afraid that this will be the entering
wedge by which we shall lose more revenue
ten times than the value of the trade in rum
between this country and Africa.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. President, the fact
that there was a possibility that frauds might
grow up under this bill led the committee to
make inquiry and to be more than usually
particular about it. The Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, after it passed the House,
saw no difficulty in making regulations that
would confine it entirely to the two articles of
alcohol and rum. It is a mere question whether
this bill shall be passed now, or whether we
shall wait for the bill which is in the House
of Representatives, in which they have pro-
vided, as I understand, for this very thing ;
but it is rather severe upon the merchants who
have chartered shipping for this trade to be
compelled to retain it in the harbor until after
the passage of that bill. This bill is limited
to sixty days, within which time the merchants
are to be allowed to remove and export alcohol
and rum "already distilled or redistilled and
intended for export, or actually contracted for
to bo delivered for exportation."
All such spirits are to be actually exported
within sixty days from the passage of this act.
Mr. IfESSENDEN. Why not confine it to
that actually contracted for, by substituting
the word "and" for "or" at the end of the
seventh line; so as to read, "already distilled
or redistilled and intended for export and act-
ually contracted for," &c.
Mr. MORGAN. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio whether that will not meet his
objection, tojustehange the word "or" at the
end of the seventh line into "and,'' so that the
bill will read:
That the act of January 11. &c., be so construed as
to permit alcohol and mm, which at the date ot the
passage of said act were already distilled or redis-
tilled and intended for export and actually con-
tracted to be delivered for exportation, &c.
That will limit it to those who have made
contracts, The law is very hard now on the
men who have actually made contracts and are
waiting for this permission to export.
Mr. SHERMAN". That amendment, as a
matter of course, will take away one half of the
chances of fraud. I think "alcohol" should
also be stricken out. I am told the article of
rum is a cheap article, and all the letters that
have been written to me on this subject are
about rum. If the Senator will also move to
strike out "alcohol," ill the sixth line, and
confine it to rum, a distinct article of com-
merce, that will lessen the chances of fraud
very materially, because alcohol is a very val-
uable product, and can be put in small bulk.
Mr. MORGAN. There is some alcohol
exported to South America from New York
and Baltimore; but it is an entirely different
article from whisky, and is not known as whisky
at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. Alcohol can be converted
into whisky, and whisky into alcohol by a very
simple process of distillation, I am told.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to know from the Sen-
ator from New York or the Senator from Ohio
whether there was any evidence before the
committee that any considerable quantity of
these spirits were contracted for to be exported?
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, sir. When the bill
was up before—probably it escaped the atten-
tion of the Senator from Wisconsin—there was
evidence presented to the Senate, especially
from the collector of Boston and others, as
to the number of vessels that were engaged for
this trade, and how severely the law operated
upon the commerce of that port. I have also
myself received numerous letters, and I pre-
sume every member of the committee has,
complaining very bitterly of this delay.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the fact that
several vessels in Boston had been employed
in this trade would not be evidence that any
merchants had outstanding contracts for spirits
to be exported hereafter; and if that was urged
there should be some evidence of it, it seems
to mo, before the committee, instead of letters
from the merchants.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They will have to fur-
nish the proof of the contract under this bill.
Mr. MORGAN. The exportation is to be
under regulations made by the Internal Rev-
enue Bureau.
Mr. HOWE. It is true they will have to
furnish evidenceof a contract.; but getting that
evidence hereafter is a very different thing from
having it already, and having it submitted to
the committee. I wish to ask one more ques-
tion, and that is, if there was any evidence or
any suggestion from any quarter that contracts
were outstanding for the distillation of these
spirits for export? for I see the bill provides
for the case of spirits contracted to be distilled
for export.
Mr. MORGAN. We have had letters 011 the
subject; but no proof of it, except- the commu-
nications from the parties.
Mr. HOWE. 1 have one suggestion to make
upon that point. I understand—I suppose the
Senator from New York knows that fact—that
these liquors cannot be distilled for less than
forty-five cents a gallon. Is not that about it?
Mr. MORGAN. I do not know the exact
expense. I am not well-informed on that
subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that is the case
with rum. Whisky can be manufactured for
twenty-five cents.
Mr. HOWE. I take it whisky cannot be
distilled for twenty-five cents a gallon as grain
is now; but I am told that whisky has been
selling at from fifteen to twenty cents in bond.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Rum is not made from
grain.
Mr. HOWE. I am talking about whisky
and alcohol. 1 do not think it very likely ihat
merchants will be contracting to pay lorty-nve
or even twenty-five cents to have spirits ais-
tilled to be exported when they can go into tne
market anywhere and buy in bond tor niteea
or twenty cents. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill is now con-
fined to rum. ,
Mr. HOWE. I did not so understand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We propose to strike
out everything but rum.
Mr. HO.WE. Well, that would make it
purely a New England transaction, and I can-
not have anything to say against that. [Laugh-
ter. 1
Mr. MORGAN. The Senator from Ohio
lias moved to strike out '* alcohol. i sup-
pose the bill would meet the ease of the per-
sons engaged in the African trade if that was
stricken out; but there are^ some persons
engaged in the South American trade who
export alcohol. However, in order to have
the bill passed, I will accept the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, then, to strike
out in the sixth line the words "alcohol and,'
and also to strike out the word "or" at the
end of the seventh line, and to insert the word
"and."
Mr. FESSENDEN. And put a comma after
the word "exportation" in the eighth line.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say in offer-
ing this amendment that 1 shall vote against
the bill on the ground that frauds will be likely
to arise'under it; but I think this amendment
will lessen the chances of their arising very
greatly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy iii the chair.) The amendment of the
Senator from Ohio will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in line six to strike out the words "alcohol
and," and in line seven, after the word
"export" to strike out the word " or" and
insert the word "and;" so that the bill will
read:
That the act of January 11,1S68, entitled "An act
to prevent frauds iu the collection of tax on distilled
spirits" be so construed as to permit rum, which at
the date of the passage of said act was already dis-
tilled or redistilled and intended for export, and
actually contracted for to be delivered for exporta-
tion, to be withdrawn, removed, Ac.
* The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. After the word "act" in
the twelfth line, I move to insert the words,
"and as shall be provided for hereafter." The
bill now provides that this exportation shall
be under such regulations " as were required
therefor immediately prior to the passage of
said act." The exporters have got so familiar
with those regulations that I am afraid they
have learned to evade them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If you stop to pass new
regulations, it will delay them all the time the
Treasury Department is making them.
Mr. SHERMAN. They can be promul-
gated at once. All this exportation will be
from one or two ports.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Still, it makes a delay
in the time, and it is so small a matter that!
think it had better stand as it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken.
I have letters showing that there are at least a
dozen vessels now waiting to transport thi3
rum.
Mr. I<EbSENDEN. That is comparatively
small.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a pretty large amount
of spirits.
I he amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President. even with that
amendment, it seems to me that this bill is
opening a pretty wide door. I am a little sus-
picious whenever we attempt to legislate in
favor of opening the doors on this whisky
business.
Mr. MORGAN. The bill is now confined
to rum.
Mr. NYE. 1 was going to say that it has a
peculiar faculty of transforming as well as
transporting itself. It will be rum when it starts,
