THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MB
his said pretended appointment by the President of
the United States a.s Secretary ot War ad interim.
Aud your atliant alleges that the appointment
under which Uie s>aid Thomas claims to act, and to
hold and pcriorm tuc duties of Secretary of War, is
wholly unauthotized and illegal, and tuat the said
Thomas, by accepting such appointment, and there-
under exeicismg and attempting to exorcise the
duties ot Seci etary of "War, has violated tbeprovis-
ions ot the filth section ot the act above referred to,
and theicby has been guilty of a high misdemeanor,
and subjected himself to the pains and penalties pro-
scribed in ssaid filth section against any pcison com-
mitting such offense.
Whereupon your affiant prays that a warrant may
be issued against Lorenzo Thomas?, and that he may
be thereupon an estod and brought before your Honor j
and thereupon that he may be dealt with as the law
and justicc in such case appertains.
EDWIN M.STANTON.
Sworn and subscribed beiore me this 21st day of
February, A. b. 1S(53.
1). K. CAllTTER, Chief Justice.
Sworn to and subsenbed beioie me by Edwin M.
Stanton at the city of Washington, in the District ot
Columbia, this 22d day <>t l^ubruaiy, 186S.
1). K. CAli'l'TEil, Chief Justice.
The warrant is dated the 22d of February,
1868.
Mr. STANBERY. First the 21st and then
the 22d. it is dated before twelve o'clock,
and then after twelve o'clock.
Mr. EVAUTS. it is sworn to twice, once
on the 21st and once on the 22J. The warrant
is as follows:
United States of Amcrica, District of Columbia, 88.—
To David S. Goodmg, United States marshal tor the
1)tsti xct of Columbia: I, David K. Oartter, Chief Jus-
lice ot the ssupiemc court of the District of Colum-
bia, hereby command you to arrest Lorenxo Tiiom  s
ot said District lorthwith. and that you have the said
Loiunzo Thomas betore me at the chambers of the
said supremo court in thccity ot Washington, forth-
with, to answer to the charge of a high misde-
meanor in tiiif, that on the 121st day of February,
18nS, in the Distiict of Columbia, ho did unlawfully
accept the appointment ot the ollice of Secretary of
War ad interim, and did then and there unlawfully
hold and exercise and attempt to hold and oxercisQ
the Miid othec contrary to the provisions of the act
entitled "An act regulating" the tenure of certain
civil offices,passed JUaich 2, 18G7, and hereof fail
pot but make due return.
Given under my hand and seal of said court this
r_ 0 i 22d day of Febmaiy, 1868.
LL- s'J _ D. K. CARTTliR,
Chief Jmtice of the Supreme Court oj the Vldriet of
Columbia.
Attest: R. J. MEIGS, Clerk.
The marshal's return is as iollows :
Washington City, D. C., February 22,1868.
The within writ came to hand at seven o'clock a.
ill., and was served by me on (he said Lorenzo
Thomas at eight o'clock a. m., and Iiioff return tuis
wiit and bruit; him before Chief Justice Uanter at
nine o'clock a. m. ot to-dav.
DAVID S. GOODING,
United iStaiei barbital, J). G.
By Mr. Staxbf.ry:
Question. Mr. Meigs, I perceive this is a
judge's warrant at chambers?
Answer. Yes. sir.
Question. Are you in the habit of keeping
any record further than filing the papers, or
did you make any recotd further than filing
the papers of that proceeding?
Answer. When the recognizance was exe-
cuted, that was put upon the docket of the
court. You will see that the warrants are
marked with a number.
Question. The recognizance of bail?
Answer. As soon as that is done the cases
are all put upon the docket of the court in
order that it may appear how the defendant is
discliaiged, or what becomes of him.
Question. Well, has this defendant been
discharged?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stay a moment.
Tiiat will appear by the record.
The Witxess. Yes; that will appear by
the record.
By Mr. Staxbery:
Question. Have you a record of the discharge
also ?
Answer. The docket shows that.
Question, is that the docket of the judge or
the docket of the court? j
Answer. The docket of the court. j
Question. Does the judge return the case !
into court? !
Answer. The recognizance of course is re- j
turned into court. j
Question. I am not speaking of the recogni-
zance; I am speaking of this case? i
Answer. The recognizance was taken upon
that case, and was-returned into court, and
was entered upon the docket of the court.
Question. You make no record of these
papers?
Answer. No; no record of those papers.
They are filed, and constitute a part of the
record of the case at court.
Question. Have you got your docket with
you ?
Ansicer. No, sir. The subpoena did not
require it to be brought, and of course it was
not brought.
Mr. STANBERY, (to the Managers.) We
will have the docket if you require it, gentle-
men. Uo you want that formal matter?
Mr. Manager BITTLBR. A little more than
that.
Mr. STANBERY. Do you want us to pro-
duce 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not want
anything, except 1 shall object to any incom-
petent testimony.
Mr. STANBERY. You can take this wit-
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is all, Mr.
Meigs.
Mr. STANBERY. Mr. Meigs, will you
bring this docket that contains this entry ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
A single word. Will you not extend the rec-
ord as far as you can, and bring us a certified
copy of this case as it will appear after being
extended?
Mr. STANBERY. Call Mr. Clephane.
Mr. JOHNSON, (sending a question to the
desk.) Mr. Chief Justice, 1 desire to put a ques-
tion to General Sherman. He is in the room,
I believe.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question. To whom does the Sen-
ator from Maryland address it?
Mr. JOHNSON. General Sherman. He
is in the court, I understand.
Wili.iam T. Sherman recalled.
The Secretary read the question of Mr.
Johnson, as follows:
When the President tendered to you the offico of
Secretary of War ml interim on the 27th of January,
1868, a.nd on the 31st of the sa.mo month and year,
did lie, at the very time of making such tender, state
to you what his purpose m so doing was?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. We object to
the question as being within the ruling of the
Senate, and incompetent.
The CHI BE J UST1CE. The Chief Justice
will submit that question to the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. Upon that question 1 ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, you who
arc of opinion that the question proposed
by the honorable Senator from Maryland is
admissible, will, as your names are called,
answer yea; those of a contrary opinion,
nay.
Mr. JOHNSON. Before the roll is called
I ask that the question be read again.
The Secretary again read the question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2(i, nays 22; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buekalow, Cole,
Davis, Dixon, _ Doolittle, i'Vssenden, Fowler, Fre-
linghuyscn, (crime;*, Ilcndei&on, Johnson,MeOreery,
Morrill ot Maine, Mourill of Vermont, Morton,
Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, lioss. Sherman,
Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickcra, and
Willey—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conkling, Con-
ness, Corbet,t, Cragin, I)tal:e, Edmunds. lYrry, Har-
lan, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Nye, Pomeioy, llam-
sey, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Williams, Wilson, and
Yato^—22.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Cameron, Uendrieky, Pat-
tor^on of New Hampshire, Salisbury, Sprague, and
W ade—G.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. On this question
the yeas are 28 and the nays 22, So the ques-
tion is admitted and will be put to the witness.
The Secretary will read the question again.
The Secretary read the question to the wit-
ness, as follows:
When the President tendered to you tho office of
Secretary of War ad interim oil tho 27lb of January,
1868 and on tho 31st of the name month and year,
did he1, at the very time of making sneh tender, state
to you what his purpose m so doing was ? .
The Witness. He stated to me that', his
purpose 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stay a moment.
The question, Mr. Chief Justice, was whether
he did state, not what he stated. We want to
object to what he stated.
Mr. EV ARTS. Answer yes or do, General.
Answer. Yes.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The witness an-
swers that he did.
By Mr. Stanbeby:
Question. What purpose did he state?,
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. To thatwe object.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The counsel had
dismissed this witness, and bo is not to be •
brought back, on a question of the court, for
the purpose of counsel opening the case again.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, the Chief Justice
thinks it is entirely competent for the Senate
to recall any witness.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I have not ob-
jected to the Senate recalling a witness.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senate has
decided that the question shall be put to the
witness. That amounts to a recalling of him,
and the Chief Justice is of opinion that the
witness is bound to answer the questions.
Does any Senator object?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We understand
that tho only question he has been recalled for
has been answered.
Mr. EVAliTS. We have asked another
question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I propose to add to it—I
thought my question included that—if the Pres-
ident did, what did he state that his purpose
was ?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. To that we ob-
ject ; and we ask the Senate to consider that
the last clause suggested now by the honorable
Senator from Maryland, "And what did the
President say," is the very question which the
Senate this day did solemnly decide adversely
to its being put, and it so decided on Saturday ;
in short, the last clause now put to the witness
by the honorable Senator from Maryland is,
What did the President say? making the Pres-
ident's declarations evidence for himself when
they are not called out by the Government. It
was suggested by my associate in argument on
Saturday that if that method were pursued in
the administration of justice, and the declara-
tions of the accused were made evidence for
himself at his pleasure, the administration of
justice would be impossible in any court.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 rise to a question of order.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. It is that one of tho Managers
has uo right to object to a question propounded
by a member of the court.
Mr. Manager BUTLEii. We might as well
meet that question now.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. I desire to say
on that subject, if I may be allowed to do so,
without trespassing 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The honorable
Manager will wait one moment. When a mem-
ber of the court propounds a question it seems
to the Chief Justice that it is clearly within the
competency of the Managers to object to the
question being put and state the grounds for
that objection, as a legal question. It is not
competent for the Managers to object to a mem-
ber of the court asking a question; but aiier
the question is asked, it seems to the Chief
Justice, that it is clearly competent for the
Managers to state their objections to the ques-
tions being answered.
Mr. OONNESS. 1 ask that the question now
put be reduced to writing.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Clerk has it
reduced to writing. It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
If he did, state what he said liis purpose was?
Mr. CONNESS. Do I understand that to be
a part of, or an addition made to the other
question?
