1204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
tnterini who brought to the administration of that
othcethat courage, energy, ability, and loyaltv that
delighted the heart of the nation in the darkness of
rebellion m the past, and directs it to himwithhope
and. confidence m future.
4. Resolved, That the Governor of the Common-
wealth be requested to forward copics of these reso-
tt^SitedSta^'01"70'aDd Senate of
„ . . ( ELISHA W. DAVIS.
speaker of tho. House of Representatives.
JAMBS L. GRAHAM,
Approved the 11th day of February,°Afl).^186sf&
. JOHN W. GBARY.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the
table,
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire, pre-
sented the petition of True Putney, of the city
of Washington, praying an amendment to the
act approved February 23, 1865, relative to
having carnage-ways in that city, so that the
cost thereof may be more justly and equallv
divided among property-holders; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a peti-
tion of Wylly Woodbridge, praying compensa-
tion for cotton seized by the United States
military forces, on or about March 13, 1865,
on account of the Treasury Department; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I present two memorials
of late officers of the Army, protesting against
the passage of the bill prohibiting the payment
of the difference between eleven and sixteen
dollars per month in the pay of officers' ser-
vants from May 1, 1884, to March 3, 1865. I
know enough of the gentlemen who signed
these memorials to believe that they would not
sign a paper which they did not believe to be
true. I move that these remonstrances be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers relating to
the claim of Joshua Hill be withdrawn from the files
of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr, TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(II. R. No. 214) to amend the act passed
March 23, 1867, entitled "An act supplement-
ary to an act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States, passed March
2, 18C7, and to facilitate their restoration,"
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred resolutions
of the Board of Supervisors of Jackson county,
Iowa, relative to declaring the Magnokita river
an unnavigable stream, report a joint" reso-
lution (S. R. No. 107) in relation to the Mag-
nokita river, in the State of Iowa; which was
read twice, and postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No 311) to provide for a
gradual reduction of the military forces and
to discontinue certain unnecessary grades, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 105) authorizing
the Secretary of War to cause surplus or con-
demned property to be issued to the Indians,
reported it without amendment.
Mr, P0MEB.0Y. from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the me-
morial of the American Board of Immigration,
praying to be granted a charter, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration jwhich
was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition
of D. H. MacDonald, reported a bill (S. No.
301) for the relief of I). H. MacDonald, late
acting United States consul at Cape Town,
Cape of Good Hope; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
ilr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom were
• referred a bill (S. No. 228) for the farther
security of equal rights in the District of Co-
lumbia, and also a message from the President
of the United States communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of this body, the fact
that a bill of the same title had not been signed
by him and had not been delivered to the Sec-
retary of State, with his reasons therefor, to
report a bill upon that subject entitled "A bill
(S. No. 306) regulating the presentation of
bills to the President and the return of the
same." I may stale in this connection that I
believe the bill meets with the unanimous
approval of the Judiciary Committee.
The bill was read a first time by its title, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Albert
Grant, submitted a report, accompanied by a
biU (S. No. 307) for the relief of Albert Grant.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 362) to amend the usury laws of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 363) defining the jurisdiction of the courts
of the United Slates in certain cases; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
30-1) for the protection of the settlers within
the Fort Ridgely military reservation, Minne-
sota; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Ho also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 365)
to prevent abuses of the franking privilege;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post lioads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 108) relating to the sur-
vey of the northern and northwestern lakes;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the Senato to consider that joint
resolution now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
it ill fall first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read for the information of the Senate.
The Secretary read the joiutiesolulion, which
provides that the second section of an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
the construction, preservation, and repairs of
ceitain fortifications and other works of defense
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1808,"
approved March 2, 1807, shall not apply to the
appropriation for the survey of the northern
and northwestern lakes.
Mr. CHANDLER. Permit me to state, Mr.
President, that this appropriation for the sur-
vey of the lakes unfortunately came in among
the apprOpriationsTor fortifications. It reads
in these words:
For survey of northern and northwestern lakes,
$155,000."
Then the second section provides :
That thero shall not be over fifty per cent, of the
foregoing appropriations expended during the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 18G3, and the residue theieof
shall not be expended until otherwise ordered.
This appropriation for the lakes has simply
got into bad company, and I wish to take it
out from there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The measure ought to
be referred to a committee, I think. I must
object to its consideration at this time.
ilr. CHANDLER. Very well; I have no
objection to its reference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution willbe referred to the Committeeon
Commerce, if there be no objection.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 109) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue an American
register to the bark Golden Fleece; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No.
110) to further define the meaning of the act
of February 19,1867, in relation to the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims in cases of claims
for quartermasters' stores: which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
CONSUL AT ROME.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to the Senate,if notineompatiblewith the
public interest, whatever intormation has been re-
ceived on the subject of the alleged interference of
our consul at Rome in the late diffiulties, and espe-
cially during the late attempted invasion of the
Roman States.
RIGHTS OF COLORED PERSONS IN CARS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer another resolution,
and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of
Columbia bo instructed to inquireinto the treatment
of colored persons on the railroad from Washington
to Baltimore, and to consider what additional legis-
lation is needed to prevent abuses on that road and
to secure in its administration equal rights for all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the resolution ?
Mr. BUCIvALEW. Because the Senator
from Maryland is absent to-day I object to
that resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rule.'
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to its
lying over ; I wish to make a statement in re-
gard to it when it is called up. There is no
time now to do so.
MILITARY AFFAIRS IN DISTRICT OF COLOMBIA.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine submitted the
following resolution ; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of "VTar be directed to
communicate to the Senato the number of military
districts or headquarters established in the Dishi"t
of Columbia, the number, name,- rank, and duty of
each officer connected therewith, and the osgroeate
expense of tho same, and whether officers of the
Army aredetailed tor duties other than military, and
if so, what and by whom detailed, tho name and
rank of such officer and by what law or Army regu-
lation the same is authorized.
DENNISTOUN COTTON CASE.
Mr. STEWART. I move That tlio resolu-
tion of inquiry that I oflered the other morn-
ing be now taken up and passed. I believe
there is no objection to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Stewart on the loth instant!
Whereas the Secretary of the Treu-urv, in hi? letter
of January 18,1863, in reply to a resolution of tho
feenat© adopted l>eceiuber 9, 1867. reports among
other things, that ccrtain suns in .New Yoik, known
as the JJennistoun cotton suit?,werec-ommt/mi&ed by
him under the advice of eminent counsel -
lieaoived, i'hat the Secretary of tho Treasury be
requested to furiuth to the Senate the name or names
of the eminent counsel " jeferred to in hi? coinmu-
uication, with copies of their opinion?: also, that he-
be requested to intorm the Senate whether the Attor-
ney General of the United States gas e any opinion
on the subject of compromising said suits: and, if so,
that he tarnish a copy of the ?ame? also, that he in-
form the feenate whether James W.Denver was at
any timo counsel in ?aid ease for the Treasury Do-
and that he furnish to the N:rute a copy
?e/i i • tC-r Sa^ t0 him, dated August 1-i,
i objecting to any compromise of said suits: and
iurther that the Secretary bo requested to report to
the benato what officer or agent of the Treasury De-
partment superintended or made paid compromise;
and, also, specifically the term* of the ?ame, and, if
in writing, that he furnish a, e« py thereof.
The resolution was agreed to.
