1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1205
SENATOR FROM MARYLAND.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the business regularly
in order is the resolution of the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] relative to the seat
of his colleague.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that that lie over
until to-morrow at one o'clock. ■
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Cole] is entitled to
the floor on this resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the Senator going on if he desires to do so.
Mr. COLE. 1 should prefer to go on now,
because 1 have au engagement in the Supreme
Court to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I withdraw
the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Perhaps
the Chair ought again to state that the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] is unwell and
unable to attend the Senate to-day, but hopes
to be able to do so to-morrow, and wishes the
vote on this resolution postponed until to-mor-
row, when he expects to make the closing argu-
ment; but he has no objection to the debate
going on his absence to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the debate had
better go on, at any rate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is before the Senate.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. John-
son on the 18th of December, 18G7:
Resolved, That Hon. Philip E1. Thomas, Sonator-
eleet from Maryland, be admitted to his seat on his
taking the oaths prescribed by the Constitution and
laws of the United States.
The pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Sumneb, to strike out all after the
word "resolved" and insert:
That Philip J\ Thomas, Senator-elect from Mary-
land, cannot be admitted to take the oaths of office
required by tlio Constitution and laws, inasmuch as
he allowed his miuor son to leavo tho paternal house
and serve as a rebel soldier, and gave him at the
time c 100 in money, all of which was aid, counte-
nance, or encouragement to the rebellion, which he
was forbidden to give; and further, inasmuch as in
forbearing to disclose and make known the treason
of his son to the President or other proper authori-
ties, according to the requirement of tho statute in
sueh eases, he was guilty of misprision of treason as
defined by existing law.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, the question of
the right of Philip F. Thomas to a seat in this
body is one of the gravest that cm ever come
before it. There is much more in the ques-
tion than the mere personal wishes or con-
venience of the applicant; and it is to be
decided upon other grounds than those of
friendship or dislike towards him personally,
sociably, or politically. It makes little differ-
ence whether those feelings grow out of his
conduct as a public functionary in Mr. Bu-
chanan's Cabinet, or out of his conduct as a
private citizen of Maryland. The case must not
turn upon these unless his action has been
such that it will not endure the test of existing
laws, fundamental or other. It would be man-
ifestly unfair to test his eligibility by now rules
laid down for this particular ease. It would
be at least a violation of the spirit of that pro-
vision of the Constitution which forbids ex post
facto laws.
But this question merits all the attention it
has received for another and broader reason.
It lies at the foundation of our republican in-
stitutions. It involves the whole theory of
delegated or representative government, and,
if I mistake not,, liberty itself is entangled in
the question.
In this discussion, Mr. President, I have
"charged myself with a part in which I did
not consult my own convenience," but a sense
of duty. The practices of the Government,
the laws of the country, and the safety of the
Republic seemed to require it at my hands.
If a decision adverse to this applicant could be
made with entire justice and honor it would,
no doubt, be gratifying to a large majority of
the members present, and to the people ot the
nation at large; and in that feeling I would
perhaps myself participate, for I do not by any
means regard Mr. Thomas as having been a
faithful and hearty sympathizer with the Repub-
lic in its recent struggles. But, sir, there is
danger, great danger, that such a decision will
come back to plague us when we least desire
to encounter it. Bad precedents are always
precedents for bad men, and that such, in a
political sense, abound in this country, is
proven by the events of the last ten years.
Should we set an example that could not en-
dure tho test of other and far different circum-
stances from those which surround us at this
time, we might well expect it to arise, like
the ghost of Banquo, to trouble us hereafter.
Political changes are both rapid and radical in
this country, and it is not the part of wisdom
for a majority, however large, to establish
unsound precedents. In fact, sir, nothing
more speedily and more inevitably works the
destruction of majorities than untenable prece-
dents. No party can long endure them.
But, Mr. President, this is not a matter of
taste, not a matter of feeling or sympathy, not
a matter of politics ; it is a matter of law, of
justice, and of principle. Mr. Thomas has
been duly elected a Senator of the United
States for the State of Maryland, one of the
original thirteen, and always a loyal, adhering
State, and his case is to be considered the
same as if he came from New York or Ohio,
instead of Maryland, The fact that Maryland
furnished many recruits to the rebel army
ought not to weigh against him on this question.
She also furnished many gallant defenders ofthc
Union, and numbers among her distinguished
patriots a host of such names as Henry Winter
Davis, Creswell, Francis Thomas, and that of
her worthy and able representative who usually
sits on my right, [Mr. Johnson.] It will hardly
do to require more patriotism of a Senator for
Maryland than is required of one from Ohio
or New York, and yet it is not unlikely that
applications may be made here, on behalf of
men from the latter States, who have done
much more to encourage the rebellion than
Philip F. Thomas has done. Tho certificate
of the election of Mr. Thomas has been read
at your desk and is in due form on file among
the records of the Senate. There is no dispute
about its regularity, and this is not acaseofcon-
test; the seat is vacant. I have not heard it
affirmed by any Senator that he ought to be
excluded by reason of any disqualification
found in the letter or text of the Constitution ;
but it is alleged that he cannot truthfully and
innocently take and subscribe the oath exacted
of him by the law of July 2, 1802. That oath
is a most searching and binding one, insomuch
that it is called iron-clad, and is required of
all Federal officers before entering upon duty,
and before being entitled to any of the emolu-
ments of office. This '1 oath so taken and signed,
shall be preserved," says the law, among the
files of Congress. " And any person who shall
falsely take tho said oath shall be guilty of
perjury and, on conviction, in addition to the
penalties now prescribed for that offense, shall
be deprived of his office and rendered incapa
ble forever after of holding any office or place
under the United States."
The naked question before us now, and upon
which we are about to vote, is : shall we per-
mit Mr. Thomas to take and subscribe the oath
to which these conditions and penalties are
attached? Whether he will take it or not I
have no positive knowledge. That he will if he
can I doubt not; but whether he can or not
is for him alone to decide. His conscience is
the only tribunal that can rightfully entertain
original jurisdiction over that question. There
you have placed it by your enactments, and
tliereit remains written uponyour statutes. To
go outside of the Constitution and the laws in
search of restrictions upon the qualifications of
Senators or a Senator it seems to me is arbi-
trary and exceptional; and I know of no guide
or chart in a case like this beyond the law and
the Constitution. Nor do I know what other
guide the Legislature of a State can have m
selecting a representative in this bod}'. It some
unwritten, unpublished test can be set up, to
the exclusion of a Senator elected from Mary-
land, it is not unlikely that at some other time
some other State, whose people have been,
more loyal, may find itself, to use the language
of the_ Constitution, "without its conaent"
" deprived of its e<jual suffrage in the Senate."
Anticipating difficulties similar to this we
have now encountered I brought iu a bill nearly
a year ago (No. 87, Senate files) "to further
define the qualifications of members of Con-
gress." I suppose Congress may do directly
what has been attempted indirectly by the pas-
sage of the test-oath bill; that is, may prescribe
other qualifications besides those '^negative
ones," as they are called by the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] which are laid down
in the Constitution. This power would seem to
be inherent and necessary for self-protection.
At all events, there would be no authority on
earth to gainsay such action, since each House
is the judge of the election, returns, and qual-
ifications of its own members. The advantages
of it would be a positive rule—which is now
wanting—to determine the eligibility of mem-
bers to the two Houses.
The necessity for such a law, however, has
been partially obviated since by the ratification
of the fourteenth article of the Constitution of
the United States. That article affords adequate
protection against the incursion of rebels and
traitors into these Halls. The third section of
it reads as follows:
"No person shall bo a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Presi-
dent, or hold any oificc, civil or military, under the
United States, or under any State, who, having pre-
viously taken an oath as a member of Congress, or
as an officer of the United States, or as a member of
any Stale Legislature, or as an oxecutive or judicial
officer of any State, to support the Constitution of the
United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or
rebellion against the same, orgiven aid or comfort to
tho enomios thereof, liut Congress may, by a vote of
two thirds of each House, remove sueh disability."
The language used in this amendment is less
definite and comprehensive than that embodied
in the test-oath; but it will certainly exclude
nearly all the leading characters engaged in
the late rebellion. There is no good ground,
therefore, for the apprehension that enemies
of the country will find their way into this
Chamber. If the exception should occur it
must be through the medium of perjury, and
under snch circumstances as would deprive the
person of all influence and power for evil. If
Mr. Thomas should prove to be that exception,
which I by no means expect, he will stand
alone here, a monument of perfidy to deter
others from a like course. Better even to run
some risks of this result than to do an act of
injustice toward a correct man, as he is conceded
to be in all the relations of life, or better than
to martyrize and immortalize a bad one, should
he be such in fact.
But it is alleged against Mr. Thomas that he
sympathized with secession, and was, therefore,
disloyal. If, at the outbreak of the rebellion
or during its progress, such were his sympa-
thies, the same cannot be the case now, for
there is no longer any secession to call for his
sympathy. The right of secession was the very
question settled by the wager of battle, and
settled probably forever against that hateful
doctrine. If he was ever disloyal, of which, in
my opinion, there is no valid proof, there is no
reason to believe him to be so still. The charge
dates back a good number of years, and the
statute of limitations ought to run upon the
very slight evidence of it at that time.
But, sir, if his disloyalty was not of a char-
acter to find a definition in any of the provis-
ions of the Constitution against it, how unrea-
sonable it will be to refuse to submit it tor the
scrutiny of this terrible oath! It is called
most properly a test- oath, and is made expressly
to test, to prove, the fidelity, the loyalty, ot a
man to his country. Observe its provisions:
" X Philip F. Thomas,do solemnly swear (or affirm)
that! have never voluntarily borne arms against tho
United States sinco I have been a citizen thereof;
that I have voluntarily given no aid, countenance,
counsel, or encouragement to persons engaged m
armed hostility thereto; that I have neither sought
nor accepted nor attempted to oxcrciso tho Junctions
of any oflico whatever under any authority or pre-
