1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Yfar—made an arrangement in, I believe,
the precise terms of this resolution, except the
amendment which is now pending, and intended
to execute it as a contract under the law which
1 have read; but when the question was sub-
mitted to the Attorney General, with a view of
having the contract executed, he examined
the charter of the company referred to, and
decided that, in his opinion, they had not the
legal right to make such a contract, and on that
account the question came up in the House of
Representatives, and they have proposed to
enact the contract previously drawn up under
the direction of the Secretary of War between
the Government and this company.
This explains the origin of the bill. It is
in pursuance of a law now existing, and is
intended to provide a legal remedy to enable
one of the parties to carry out in contract what
Congress intended it should do under the law
which 1 have read.
1 might state in relation to tfie merits of the
question, (although it seems to me they are not
now properly pending,) that Congress has
already decided that this bridge shall be built;
it has provided for it by a law now on thestat-
ute-book, providing thatthecompany shallpay
one-halt and the United States the other half
ot the expense. The reasons for that, I appre-
hend, were those which have been hinted at
by the chairman of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads. The Rock Island
Railroad Company had a bridge for railroad
purposes which was badly constructed, which
was ail impediment to navigation. The people
above on the river complained very much of
the existence of the bridge as a partial obstruc-
tion to commerce ; and so with the people
below, particularly the merchants at St. Louis.
They desired the removal of that bridge. The
bridge was sufficient for the purposes of the
company, butthey have agreed that their bridge
shall be destroyed and that they will pay half
the expense of constructing another bridge.
At the same time the Government needs a
bridge, and-if this company should not thus
unite with it, would be under the necessity of
constructing one at its own expense.
i'tie resolution also provides that if any
other railroad company shatll desire to use this
bridge for the purposes of transit across the
river, it may do so by paying a just proportion
of the expense, it is believed, I think, that
another railroad company will use the bridge,
and thus dimmish the cost of this structure to
the Government of the United States to one
third. 1 was told but a minute since by one
of the colleagues of the honorable Senator
from Illinois that the Secretary of W-ar has
asked for an appropriation of $100,000, which
is now pending before the House of Represent-
atives, lor the construction of a bridge between
the island and the main land on the Illinois
shore. if this resolution should pass, the rail-
road company would be compelled to build
that structure ; and this member of the House
desired very much that the Senate should act
on this measure so that they might know what
to do with the Secretary's recommendation in
relation to an appropriation tor that structure.
It will, be seen by looking at the top of the 1
second page that this resolution provides that
tins company "shall also build at its own cost
the bridge over that part of the river which is
on the east, side of the island of Rock Island,
ami also the railroad on and across said island
of Rock Island,'1 so that if it becomes a law
this company will be obligated to build the
bridge at its own cost on the east side of the
island, and pay the whole cost of moving the
track of the' road across the island, and one
halt' of the entire cost ot the main structure on
the west side of the island. There is, il seems
to ine, no reasonable objection to the passage
of tins joint resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I desire that the Senate should fully
understand this question. It is true that the
Government of the United States has some
nterest upon this island. Alter they estab-
lished a Government arsenal there they bought
out a bridge connecting with the Illinois shore
and paid for it. The Senator from Illinois is
mistaken if he supposes that any Secretary of
War has ever recommended this measure.
General Grant recommended it, but no Secre-
tary Stanton has ever committed his name to
any paper recommending this at all, as i un-
derstand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator is
mistaken.
Mr. MORRTLL, of Vermont. I think I am
not. That is according to the information I
had in the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My information is di-
rectly the reverse.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The informa-
tion before the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads was that he declined to do it. Mr.
President, does it look likely that the United
States want a railroad across there? Do they
own any railroad, that they are compelled to
have a railroad bridge? I know that the Sen-
ators from Iowa and Illinois would like to have
the United States build a bridge across there.
They not only want a bridge built for the
accommodation of ordinary travel, but a rail-
road bridge. They want it so that the men
who are employed on the island can go across
to Iowa, and buy lager beer, peanuts, and
tobacco daily; they want some portion of the
trade of that island; but it is utterly idle to
contend here that the United States have an
interest that requires them to lay out a million
of money in building a bridge across this
stream. We might as well be required to build
a bridge across the Ohio or Mississippi at
almost any other point as to be required to
build this bridge.
Imprudently, as I think, Congress passed a
previous law agreeing to build one half of the
bridge provided this Rock Island and Pacific
Railroad Company would build the other half;
but the railroad company declining to do it,
we now have a bill sent to us from the other
House directing that the United States Gov-
ernment shall commence at once upon the
work of building a bridge entirely at its own
cost, leaving it to the option of the railroad
company whether it will come forward here-
after and pay one half the expense or not, or
pay one half the expense of keeping it in repair.
Why should we keep up a magnificent struc-
ture, half at our expense, even if the company
should come forward and agree to this con-
tract? Why should we not only build abridge,
or build one half of it if they come into the con-
tract, and pay one half the expense of keeping
it in lepair for all time to come, when for all
the purposes that the United States want any
connection with the Iowa shore for we can
build a bridge for one tenth part the sum?
Mr. CONKLING. What does the bill pro-
vide on that point? That we are to keep only
half of it in repair?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This changes
the law. Under the old law wo were to build
one half the bridge and keep one half in
repair. This bill sets out that we are to com-
mence and build the bridge at once, and then
it provides that if the company shall come for-
ward and pay one half the expense they may
do so.
Mr. President, there is more under this bill
than even this. It is said that the present
existing bridge there is a nuisance. It it is a
nuisance, why not go to the courts and have
it abated ? \\ hy should we legislate a nuisance
out of existence ?
Mr. RAMSEY. People have been in the
courts for many years and expended a vast
amount of money in litigation to get rid of this
bridge, and they cannot do it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Because the
courts will not declare, and they cannot prove
that it is a nuisance.
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes they have proved it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then the
courts have not done their duty.
Mr. RAMSEY. There are legal quibbles,
you know.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Ah!
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator will allow
me further, I will say that actions are brought
in the United States district court for Illinois.
That court has jurisdiction of only part of the
river, and cannot order down the whole bridge.
Suits are brought also in the district court for
Iowa, and there the same difficuly is encoun-
tered. The court has jurisdiction over only half
thg river, and cannot disturb the whole bridge.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it is
very safe to leave the matter in the hands of
the Legislatures of those two States. I do
not understand why we are to determine a law-
suit in relation to a railroad bridge across the
upper Mississippi; nor can I understand why
we are suddenly called upon to commence this
structure and to build a bridge beyond what it
will be even pretended is required for the pur-
poses of the United States, if the United
States want an opportunity for their workmen
to get across into Iowa, where they can buy
lager-beer cheaper than they can in Illinois,
let them say so ; bring in a bill here for that
purpose, not bring one in here that is to cost
a million or more of money.
It is claimed here that the old bridge is a
nuisance. Is there anything to guard against
the new bridge being a nuisance? The Sen-
ator from Iowa has just said that ho did not
care anything about this last amendment pro-
posed to guard that particular point. We have
got one nuisance, and the Senator from Iowa
is quite willing that the bill should pass with-
out any protection or safeguard against erect-
ing another -
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator certainly does
not intend to misrepresent me.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not. _
Mr. HARLAN. I stated in connection with
that, that 1 had no belief that the engineers
of the War Department would construct a
bridge so as to creatc a nuisance. Therefore
I did not deem the amendment necessary. I
thought it would be necessary, if we were
incorporating a company to build a bridge, to
guard against an improper structure; but as
this is to be constructed under officials of this
Government, engineers of the Army, I had full
confidence they would build it on the best plan ;
and for that reason 1 had no wish that this
amendment should be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. When this
matter was up before I was quite willing that
this company should be allowed to build one
half this bridge and allow the law to stand as
it is, compelling the United States to build
the other half; but, on examining it, I think
the previous law ought to be repealed. I
think it was highly improvident that the United
States ever engaged to build any portion of
this bridge. I see no propriety in any expend-
iture on the part of the Government for any
such structure as is contemplated by this bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I
should like to inquire of the Senator from
Iowa or the Senator from Minnesota having
charge of this bill, what is the estimated cost of
the bridge; how much will it be necessary for
the Government ot the United States to appro-
priate in order to construct the bridge now
contemplated ?
Mr. HARLAN. I have not the report of
the board of engineers that had this matter
under examination, and am unable therefore
to answer the Senator's inquiry.
Mr. RAMSEY'. I have no recollection of
it. It has been in charge of the Senator from
Iowa for a long while. If' the question is on
the amendment 1 think there is a misprint in
regard to that. Am I correct? Is the ques-
tion on the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomi-
koy in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. The third section, which
is the amendment, reads thus:
And be it further resolved, That any bridge built
