m
SUPPLEMENT TO
standing in that form, are not satisfactory to
the counsel. Tliey are brought out, to be sure,
upon the question of the honorable gentleman
from Maryland; but they are not satisfactory
to the counsel; and now he tells the Senate
that he has the right to cross-examine. To
cross-examine whom, sir? To cross-examine
his own witness. To cross-examine him for
what purpose? "In search of the truth!"
Well, he is in pursuit of the truth under diffi-
culties. The witness has already sworn to
matter of fact that shows the naked, bald fal-
sity of the defense interposed here by the Pres-
ident in his answer, that his only purpose in
violating the law was to test the validity of
the law in the courts. Why did not he test
the validity of the law in the courts? It will
not do to say to the Senate of the United States
that he has accounted for it in telling this wit-
ness that the ease could not be made up. The
learned counsel who has just taken his seat is
too familiar with the law of this country, too
familiar with the absolute adjudication of this
very case in the Supreme Court, to venture to
indorse for a moment this utterance of his cli-
ent made to the Lieutenant General that it was
impossible to make up a case.
J stand here and assert what the learned
counsel knows right well, that all that was need-
ful to make up a case was for the President of
the United States to do just what he did do in
the first instance, to issue an order directing
Mr. Stanton to surrender the office of Secretary
for the Department of War to "Lorenzo
Thomas, whom he had that day appointed
Secretary of War ad interimand to sur-
render all the records of tile office to him, to
surrender the propcity of the office to him, and
upon the refusal of the Secretary of War to obey
his command through his Attorney General,
who now appears as his attorney in the trial
and defense of this case, to sue out a writ of
quo warranto. That is the law v.hich we un-
dertake to say is settled in this ccse, notwith-
standing his statement to the witness whom
they have called here. 11 is settled in the case
of Wallace vs. Anderson, as the Senate will
recollect, reported in 5 Wheaton, page' 291.
The opinion of the court, from which nodissent
was expressed by any member of the bench,
was delivered by Chief Justice Marshall, and
] will read the opinion :
" Mr. Chief Justice Marshall delivered the opinion
of the courl, that ji. writ of quo warranto could not bo
maintained cxcept at tho instance of tho Govern-
ment; ami as this writ was issued by a private indi-
vidual, without the authority of the Government, it
could not be sustained, whatever mi^ht, be tho li^ht
of the prosecutor or of tho person claiming to exer-
cise the office in question. Tho intormatiou must,
thorel'oro, be dismissed."
That power was not employed by the Ex-
ecutive through the Attorney General. Let
him answer in some other way than by these
declarations, sought to be reached through a
cross-examination of their own witness, why
he did not follow up his illegal order for tho
removal of Stanton and for the appointment
of Lorenzo Thomas as Secretary of War ad
interim by illegally suing out his writ of quo
warranto and trying the question in the courts.
But, gentlemen Monitors, there is something
more than that in this case—and I desire merely
to refer to it in passing—that the question which
the gentlemen raise here in argument now is, in
substance and in fact, whether, having violated
the Constitution and laws of the United States,
in the manner shown by the testimony here,
beyond question, they cannot at last strip the
people of the power which they retained to
themselves by impeachment—to hold such
malefactors to answer before the Senate of
the United States, to the exclusion of the in-
terposition of every other tribunal of justice
upon God's footstool. What lias this question
to do with the final decision of the case before
the Senate? I say if your Supreme Couri sat
to-day in judgment upon this question it has
no power and can lime none over this Sen-
ate. The question belongs to the Senate, in
the language of the Constitution, exclusively.
The woi'ds are that "the Senate shall have
the sole power to try all impeachments."'
The sole or only power to try impeachments
includes the power to try and determine every
question of law and fact arising in a case of im-
peachment. It is in vain that the decision of the
Supreme Court or of the circuit court or of the
district court or of any court outside of this is
invoked for the decision of any question arising
in this trial between the people and their guilty
President. We protest, then, against a speech
that has been made here in this matter. We
protest, also, against the attempt here to cross-
examine their own witness and get rid of the
matter already stated so truthfully and so fairly
by the witness, which clearly makes against
their client and strips him of every feather,
and leaves him naked for the avenging hand of
justice to reach him without let or hinderanee.
Mr. EVAPTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, I shall enter into no discussions irrele-
vant to this matter; but we cannot consent to
have matters so misrepresented. My learned
associate, arguing upon a hypothetical case as
to the injustice of the rule sought to be laid
down when it should happen that the evidence
was injurious to a party, that he should be re-
stricted from cross-examination undertook, by
way of argument, to influence the opinion of
the Senate. It had not the remotest applica-
tion, and, as must have been apparent to every
intelligent observer, was not connected in the
least with the actual evidence given. The evi-
dence given, if it is agreeable to the Managers,
is extremely satisfactory to us presenting the
very point of the inquiry of the Lieutenant
General to the President why the lawyers could
not make up a case without bunging in an ad
interim appointment. The answer of the Presi-
dent was that it could not be done, but when on
the effect of an adintcrim appointment the mat-
ter was brought up, tho case would not stand
half an hour, agreeing with Mr. Manager But-
ler in his hypothetical case in the note that he
wrote for the President to send to the Senate:
"I felt myself constrained to. make this, re-
moval lest, Mr. Stanton should answer the
information in the nature of a quo warranto,
which I intend tho Attorney General shall file
at an early day, by saying that he holds the
offico of Secretary of War by the appointment
and authority of Mr. Lincoln which has never
been revoked."
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
I desire, in response to the gentleman's re-
marks, very briefly to state to the Senate that
instead of bettering his client's case he has
made it worse by his attempt to explain this
declaration of the President to the witness
that itwas impossibleto make upa case without
an ad interim appointment. I agree and stated
myself in tho remarks which 1 made before,
that it was necessary that he should issue his
order of removal as he did issue it, and that it
was necessary he should issue his order of
appointment to Lorenzo Thomas or somebody
else as Secretary of War ad interim, as he did
issue it; but now how does the case stand ?
Ilad he not made an ad interim appointment
six months before this conversation with the
Lieutenant General? Iladhe notmade an ad
interim appointment in August, 18C7, of Gene-
ral Grant? Ah ! says the gentleman, he only
suspended Mr. Stanton then under the tenure-
ot-otfice act, and therefore the question could
not very well be raised. I have no doubt that
will be the answer of the counsel; it is all the
answer they can make; but gentlemen Sena-
tors, how does such an answer stand with the
corrupt answer put in here by the President
that he did not make that suspension under the
tenure-of-oflice act but under the Constitution
of the United States, and by virtue of the pow-
ers vasted in him by that Constitution? He
cannot play "fast and loose" in this way in
the presence of the Senate and the people of
this country.
Why did he not issue out his writ of quo
warranto in August when he had his appoint-
ment of Secretary ad interim, casting your
statute aside, going into courts, forestalling the
power ol the people to try him by impeach-
ii ruent for this violation of law, for this unlaw-
ful act, which by the law of every country
where the common law obtains, carries the
criminal intent with it on its face, and which
he cannot talk from the record by any false
statement, nor swear from the record in any
shape or form by any mere declarations of his
own.
One word more, and I have done with this
matter. They got in evidence of what he told
Thomas, and now they want to contradict that
evidence. After the refusal of the office to
him by Stanton, after Stanton refused to obey
Thomas's orders, after ho had ordered Thomas
to go to his own place, and Thomas refused to
obey his orders and declared himself Secretary
and his purpose to control the office, to take
possession of the records, and seize upon its
mails, you have had offered here by this defense
the declarations of the accused to Thomas when
he went back and reported to him this refusal
"Goon, take possession of the office;" not
"I am going to appeal to the courts," not" Go
to the Attorney General for a writ of quo loar-
ranto;" there was no intimation of that sort
then; but that declaration of the accused to
Lorenzo Thomas on the night of the 21st of
February after he had committed this crime
against the laws and Constitution of his coun-
try is to be got rid of here to-day by his dec-
laration at another time, that they are seeking
after now, to the Lieutenant General.
We are not trying the President here for
having offered the Lieutenant General an ap-
pointment of Secretary ad interim, or an abso-
lute appointment either. We are trying the
President here for issuiug an order, in violation
of law, for the removal of Mr. Stanton and
another letter of authoiity, in violation of the
law, directing Lorenzo Thomas to take pos-
session of the War Department, its records,
and its property, and to discharge tho func-
tions of the office of Secretary of War ad
interim, in utter contempt of the Constitution,
of his own oath of office, of the statutes of the
United States, and of the solemn decision of
the Senate. And these gentlemen come here
to get rid of this matter in this way by cross-
examining, touse their own word, their own wit-
ness, because, after failing to get anything from
him themselves, and the Senate having suc-
ceeded in getting words from him that do not
suit their purpose, they seek to get rid of the
whole matter by a further examination.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Chief Justice, I ask for
information if the question propounded by the
honorable Senator from Maryland has been
fully answered?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Kentucky will reduce his question to writing.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not propose 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The rule requires
that the question shall be reduced to writing.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not propound any ques-
tion to the witness at all. I merely make the
suggestion to the Chief Justice whether the
question, as drafted by the honorable Senator
from Maryland, has been fully answered by the
witness or not?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is impossible
for the Chief Justice to reply to that question.
The witness only can reply.
The Witness. Where is my answer?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask is there not a
question pending?
Mr. DAVIS. I ask that the question be
'^The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Jus-
tice will explain the position of the matter to
the Senate. The Senator from Maryland de-
sired that the following question should be put
to the witness, (General Sherman :) " When
the President tendered to you the office of Sec-
retary of War ad interim on the 27th of Janu-
ary, 1868, and on the 31st of the same month
and year, did he, at the very time of making
such tender, state to you what his purpose in
so doing was?" To that question the witness
replied, "he did" or "yes." That answer
having been given, the Senator from Mary-
land propounded the further question, "The
witness having answered yes, will he state
