1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
tended authority in hostility to the United States;
that I have not yielded a voluntary support to any
pretended government, authority, power, or consti-
tution within the United States hostile or inimical
thereto. And I do liu ther swear (or affirm) that, to
tho best of my knowledge and ability, I will support
and defend the Constitution of the United States
against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will
bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that. I
take this obligation freely, without any mental res-
ervation or purpose of evasion ; and that I will well
and faithfully discharge the duties of the otfieo oil
which I am about to enter: So help me God."
And this Las to be subscribed by him and
filed away with the sccure records of the Sen-
ate, so that hereafter, if it shall prove to have
been in any particular untrue, it may be a swift
witness and unimpeachable evidence against
him.
So many Senators who seem to be opposed
to Mr. Thomas have discarded the idea that his
giving at last $100 to his son was voluntarily
giving aid "'to persons engaged in armed hos-
tility" to the United States, that I hardly feel
it to be worth while to add that his "counte-
nance aud counsel'' were in direct contradic-
tion of any such purpose in giving the money.
And so far as his son was concerned, instead
of "encouragement" it was nothing but dis-
couragement and opposition to the young man's
purpose. Such is the testimony, such the fact;
and I submit that it is hardly fair now to say
that the sole ground of his opposition was
paternal affection.
Again, it is alleged in opposition to Mr.
Thomas that he left Mr. Buchanan's Cabinet.
But he went not into the rebellion ; he retired
to his quiet Maryland farm. Going out of Mr.
Buchanan's Cabinet was, of itself, a very in-
nocentact. If itwas not even acommendable
one it must be because of the motive that in-
duced it. ITe had been there but a little while,
having been called to succeed the traitor, Cobb.
It is hardly to be presumed he would have been
called to the place, under the circumstances,
had he also been a traitor. On retiring he gave
his reasons for doing so, which were far from
disloyal reasons. And 1 would inquire of Sen-
ators, by what rule of ethics they ascribe to Mr.
Thomas other motives for his conduct than
those he himself alleges, and other than such
as are clearly indicated by his actions. If Mr.
Thomas was a traitor, which word is the syno-
nym for everything that is vile, he would hardly
have exchanged the Cabinet of Buchanan,
where he could have done infinite mischief, for
the more quiet pursuits of his home.
The heaviest charge against Mr. Thomas is
that he abandoned Mr. Buchanan's Cabinet on
the 11th of January, 1801, a few months before
the breaking out of the rebellion. Had this
act taken place sixty or ninety days later I
might possibly agree with the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] that it "was an act in
aid of the rebellion." But, sir, it will bo re-
membered that at that early day many of tho
very best friends of the country entertained
exceedingly crude ideas as to what course
should be pursued toward the malcontents
and hotheads of the South. But if it was in
aid of the then impending rebellion there is
hardly sufficient evidence to show, as that
Senator alleges, that "it must have had that
design."
Mr. Thomas in his letter to the President of
that date gives two reasons for his course; first,
that it had not been in his {lower to agree in
the measures adopted in reference to the con-
dition of things in South Carolina; and sec-
ond, that he could not concur in the author-
ity under existing law to collect the revenue
in a manner proposed in the port of that State.
A great many uncharitable inferences are
drawn from these statements ; but when the
time and the circumstances of their utterance
are considered they afford but a feeble pretext
for the most important action that is too likely
to hinge upon thern. They possess about as
much weight as the little political speech at-
tributed to Mr. Thomas at Annapolis—offen-
sive enough to political ears to be sure, and in
exceeding bad taste if properly reported, but
certainly no good foundation for the grave
action of this body in liis exclusion.
Mr. President, if a State is entitled to repre-
sentation at all she must be accorded all the
liberty consistent with the Constitution and
laws of the country in making the selection,
otherwise the privilege of representation is
gone, the principle fails. In a case like this,
to restrict that liberty is, in effect, to deny the
right. It in a measure transfers the selection
of the representative from the parties to be rep-
resented to the body in which the representa-
tion is to take place. That practice is com-
mon in some other countries, but in none where
a spark of liberty is left.
While I admire the patriotic zeal and jealous
care with which Senators guard the portalsof
this Chamber, I fear that the heat of passion
excited by war may lead to the perpetration
of an act of injustice toward the State of Mary-
land and her chosen representative.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Maryland does not desire to vote on
this question to-day, and if nobody else wishes
to speak on it now I move that its further con-
sideration be postponed until to-morrow at one
o'clock, and that the vote be taken at that
time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The Sana-
tor from Maryland in his communication to the
Chair expressed a wish that ho should be al-
lowed to close the debate to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 make the motion to
postpone, with the understanding that the Sen-
ator from Maryland shall have the floor to-mor-
row at one o'clock.
Mr. DRAKE. I should be glad if the Sen-
ator from Kansas would withdraw his motion
for a moment, to enable me to offer an amend-
ment to the pending resolution.
Jilr. POMEROY. I withdraw my motion
for that purpose.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an
amendment pending, offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. DRAKE. If there is an amendment
pending I do not wish to offer this now.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it bo read.
Mr. DRAKE. I will give notice of my in-
tention to offer this amendment, which is to
strike out all after the word "resolved" and
insert:
That Philip F.Thomas, bavins voluntarily given
aid, countenance, and encouragement to persons en-
gaged in armed hostility to the United States, is not
entitled to take tho oath of office as a Senator of the
United States trom the State of Maryland or to hold
a scat in this body as such Senator.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the Senator
from Kansas proposes his motion, I desire to
say a very few words upon this ease.
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw the motion
if any one desires to speak.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not expect to add
anything to what on a former occasion 1 felt it
to be my duty to say as a member of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary that examined this
question; and I think 1 would not now except
lor the character of the argument made by the
Senator from Vermont, who is also a member
of that committee, [Mr. Edmuxds.] I may
have been mistaken, but I thought the com-
mittee was unanimous upon the report made
by the distinguished Senator from Maryland
representing the committee. I thought it was
the unanimous decision of the committee that
there was no ground for the exclusion of Gov-
ernor Thomas from his seat to be found in
any charge brought against him, unless it
might be upon the charge that he furnished to
his son some money at the time he was leav-
ing his home to enter the rebel army. But
the Senator from Vermont has based much of
his argument upon the accusation that for bad
purposes he resigned his seat in Mr. Buchan-
an's Cabinet, and that he acted badly in the
Cabinet. I thought that those questions were
considered in the committee, and that the Sen-
ator from Vermont concurred with the com-
mittee in the report they made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator allow
me an explanation ? "
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I concurred in the report
of the committee as made in exactly this way:
by voting positively and openly against it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is a very square
explanation, an expl&ti&tiou that had escaped
my notice. There was no minority report
made. The Senate was not advised of any
difference of opinion in the committee on the
report. But, sir, I am the last person who
will raise here a question of veracity of that
sort. All I have to say is that I was taken by
surprise in the line of the Senator's argument,
and I think lie would not have resorted to that
argument except for the fact that he felt he
could not well stand upon the only question that
the committee as a committee submitted to the
consideration of the Senate the question
whether, under the circumstances, the pay-
ment, of that money to his son ought to exclude
him from his seat. , .
Now, Mr. President, what is there in the
charge that is now brought up by the Senator
from Vermont that Governor Thomas resigned
his seat in the Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan? I
submit to Senators, as candid men, what is
there in that? Suppose that in fact his sym-
pathies were with the South; suppose that he
thought thfe S.outh had cause and ground of
secession and had the right to secede. I ask
anv Senator, ought he, thus feeling, to liave
remained in that Cabinet? If he did not cor-
dially sympathize with tho Government in tho
struggle that was then impending, as a con-
scientious man ought he to have stayed in the
Cabinet ? If ho wore not ready, by his advice
and by the management of his Department, to
favor the cause of the Government in that
contest, ought he to have sta}Ted in the Cabinet?
Then, on the other hand, if he did sympathize
with the Government in the impending con-
test, but was unable upon questions of policy to
agree with tho administration of Mr. Buchan-
an, ought he, then, to have stayed in?
1 submit to Senators, as a question of fair-
ness to this man, upon either hypothesis ought
ho to have stayed in ? If he did not sympathize
with the Government in any efforts necessary
to maintain the Union, I say it was an act of
virtue, so far as virtue can attach to a transac-
tion of that sort, that he should leave the Cab-
inet; and, on the other hand, if he could not
conscientiously and according to his judgment
agree with the President upon questions of ad-
ministration, he was justified in leaving, aud
perhaps it was his duty to leave the Cabinet.
Then, sir, there is the single proposition that
he resigned his office, and that is brought up
as an accusation against him, and he has not
assigned in his letter of resignation any unpa-
triotic reason. He has said that he could not
agree with the Administration in the policy
agreed upon, and therefore he resigned. Do
all Senators not recognize that as a sufficient
reason for the abandonment of an Administra-
tion? Is there a Senator here who would oc-
cupy a seat in the Cabinet council when, upon
great and important questions touching his own
Department, he was overruled? I know there
is no Senator here who would occupy a seat
under such circumstances, and Senators would
feel it to be due to their-personal position,
their personal honor, as well as to the public
service, that they should resign.
Mr. President, I am sure that Senators who
will allow this matter to influence their judg-
ment have not considered the whole case.
Suppose that Governor Thomas disagreedupon
the proposition that the customs could be col-
lected on board ship outside the harbor of
Charleston ; suppose he thought that there was
no law authorizing the Administration thus to
collect the revenue : that is a question of law,
a question of power in the Department; and
is that to be brought up against him now as a
charge upon which he should be excluded from
the Senate, that he upon a question of law
thought the customs could not be collected
except at the custom-house ? I know not how
the law stands upon that question ; I have not
examined it, nor will I examine it with a view
to decide in my own judgment whether a man
ought to b,e admitted here. I may think tho
