4278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
So far as the party to which I belong is con-
cerned, all that we ask, North and South, is that
this great question shall be settled by the people,
the men of every section coming to the polls
according to law and being governed by their
judgments ; but do you suppose that perma-
nently you can establish a political power in
this country by arming one party against
another? Does any man desire it? I say to
you that this is a dangerous question.
When the Senator from Michigan, in debate,
says, " if the Democracy want more war, let
them have it," what sentiment expressed by
any Democrat justifies the Senator in that
remark? The Senator invites war, not by
word, not by letter, but by arming a political
jsarty at the cost of the Government; by plac-
ing in the hands of those whom you denom-
inate "loyal" the power by force to suppress
the judgment of those who differ with them,
and it may be to carry it to the most danger-
ous extremes at this tipie. For one, I want
no war. For one, I honestly want peace,
North, South, Bast, and West. I believe that
in the American people there is sufficient
intelligence and patriotism to enable us to work
off according to the spirit of our institutions
this question that is in dispute between us ;
that we need no strife ; that we need no fur-
ther bloodshed ; that there ought to be no arms
brought to the precincts where men cast the
ballot; that military forces ought to be kept
away and men allowed to come up and cast
their ballots according to their judgments and
their consciences.
As a matter of pretense and policy and ex-
cuse this bill proposes to distribute arms
among the northern States. We do not need
them. They are not wanted. They are not
asked, so far as I have been informed, by a
single Governor of a northern State. No
Legislature of a northern State, so far as I have
observed, have asked this thing at your hands.
Then why do you thrust guns into the hands
of the people of the North? What for? Who
is to be killed? What bloody strife is to be
carried on just now pending a presidential
election, for which you must arm a portion of
the people? In the State of Indiana you want
to place arms in the hands of those whom the
Governor may denominate •'loyal." The Gov-
ernor to-day is a candidate for reelection; and
it may be so in other States, and he is to decide
among the people of that State who shall be
armed with these terrible weapons of death.
These arms are to be " serviceable Spring-
field rifled muskets of caliber fifty-eight, with
accouterments and equipments complete," all
ready for the work of death, and they are to
be distributed according to this bill, as follows:
Maine, seven thousand; New Hampshire, five
thousand; Vermont, live thousand; Massachusetts,
twelve thousand.
What does Massachusetts want with the arm-
ing of twelve regiments of men?
Rhode Island, four thousand; Connecticut, six
thousand; New York, thirty-three thousand; New
Jersey, seven thousand; Pennsylvania, twenty-six
thousand; Delaware, three thousand; Maryland,
seven thousand; West Virginia, fivothousand: Ohio,
twenty-one thousand; Indiana, thirteen thousand;
Illinois, fifteen thousand; Michigan, eight thousand;
Wisconsin, eight thousand; Iowa, eight thousand;
Minnesota, four thousand; Missouri, eleven thou-
sand; Kansas, three thousand; Nebraska, three thou-
sand; Nevada, three thousand; California, five thou-
sand; Oregon, three thousand; Kentucky, eleven
thousand; Tennessee, eight thousand.
I am astonished that any Senator should ask
to send into the State of Tennessee an addi-
tional supply of arms when you are so well-
informed of the transactions at the last elec-
tion in that State. Now, we come to the
southern States:
North Carolina, nine thousand; South Carolina,
six thousand; Georgia, ten thousand; Florida,three
thousand; Alabama, eight thousand; Arkansas,five
thousand; and Louisiana, seven thousand ; and the
same shall be delivered only upon the certificate of
the Governor of suuh State, showing to the satisfac-
tion of the Secretary of War that the regiments and
companies for which the same are required are duly
organized of loyal citizens of such State.
So that when you send to Indiana your thir-
teen thousand Springfield rifled muskets, cal-
iber fifty-eight, with all the accouterments
necessary for men to go into the terrible strug-
gle and strike for death, you say to the Governor
of Indiana, himself being a candidate, that he
may distribute those thirteen thousand arms
according to his pleasure among the people of
that State; and yoa expect the people to say
that that is just; that that is patriotic and
right! They will understand it.
Mr. WILSON. There is 110 such provision
in the bill, and the Senator, if he will read the
bill, will see that no such thing as that can be
done. The Senator ought to know better than
to make such a statement.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I see what this bill
says. I see that you say the Secretary of War
shall send into the State of Indiana thirteen
thousand Springfield rilled muskets, caliber
fifty-eight, all ready for bloodshed, and you
say in this 
Mr. WILSON. There is no such statement.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let me finish my sen-
tence. And you say in this bill, "You shall
distribute those arms only to loyal men," giv-
ing him the judgment of that matter.
Mr. WILSON. The bill states 110 such
thing, and the Senator knows it. The bill
states that those arms shall bo given for the
use of the militia organized into companies
and regiments ; not to men, not to the people,
but to the organized militia of the States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I say to the Senator
from Massachusetts that I express the senti-
ment of this bill accurately.
Mr. WILSON. You do not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do. That they are
to be given to the organized militia does not
change it. He is to be the judge whether the
company of one hundred men who are to have
one hundred rifled muskts, to shoot somebody
with, are "loyal" men or not. You place in
his hands the judgment of that question.
Mr. HOWARD. Who makes him the judge?
Mr. HENDRICKS. This bill makes him
the judge.
Mr. HOWARD. No; by no maimer of
means does it make the Governor the judge.
The laws provide for organizing the militia of
Indiana, as of every other State, and the arms
are to be placed in the hands of those who are
organized into the militia by the laws of the
State.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; I understand
that very well. I understand very well this
thing. Companies are organized and regi-
ments are organized according to State laws,
but men form themselves into those companies
and into those regiments according to their
pleasure, and when a company is satisfactory
to the Governor of the State he certifies to the
Secretary of War that these one hundred men
are "loyal" according to hia judgment, and
then the Secretary of War may distribute the
arms, and not till then. If that is not the lan-
guage of tho bill I cannot read anything. I
will read it entire :
And tho same shall be delivered only upon the
certificate ot the Governor of such State, showing to
the satisfaction of the Secretary of War that the
regiments and companies lor which the same are
required arc duly organized of loyal citizens of such
State under tho laws thereof; and said muskets,
accouterments, and equipments shall remain the
property ot the United States, subject to the control
of Congress.
That is the whole of it. To these States are
to be distributed these arms just preceding a
presidential election when Senators know there
ought to be no arms distributed among the
people, when every admonition of the past is
that we ought to avoid a military power in the
presence of a popular election, when it is the
true interest of this country to promote peace
and harmony and to avoid the possibility of
strife and bloodshed. Give us this contest ac-
cording to the sentiments of the fathers; let
the people come to the ballot-box and let them
cast their ballots according to their judgments,
and whoever is elected, whether it be General
Grant or Governor Seymour, it will be satis-
factory; but when it is carried by military
power, and that military power organized at
the expense of all the people, I say to Senators
it will not be satisfactory.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to ask the
Senator, if he will permit me, what he and his
friends, or the parties on the other side, are
going to do about it if it is not satisfactory?
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator asks
that in any spirit of bravado I do not choose to
answer it.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator does not, as
toward the Senator from Indiana, at all. He
respects that Sen-ator too much to do that;
but he does it in the spirit of courage and
patriotism against any party that dare rise
against public authority.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 am against any party
that undertakes to- control the elections in this
country by military power. lam eoatent with
an election where the people in the exercise
of their rights under the Constitution ®f the
United States and of their States shall come
up and elect anybody that they please, whoever
he may be. 1 say that the voice of the peo'
pie, as expressed at the ballot-box, when they
have an opportunity to express their judgment
freely and fairly, must staad; but does the
Senator from California ask that there shall be
such elections in this country as were once
held in France, where the understanding was,
"It is all right that you shall vote, but you
must vote for Napoleon." Is that the senti-
ment that is to be inaugurated?
Mr. CONNESS.- No,, Mr. President. I
reply to the Senator that I d  not aecept hia
statement of the case. The Senator is per-
verting the case.
Mr, HENDRICKS. I say that this bill-is so
framed as to put arms in the hands of a partic-
ular class of persons in the southern States, and
you say that there is excitement and hostility
there already. Then you propose to put arms
in the hands of an excited people and to arm
one class of them against another. Sir, I hope
it may be in the power of the President, under
the Constitution, to. defeat this bill. I cared
but little for your bill that was intended to say
that Virginia and Mississippi and Texas should
not vote. I listened to the veto message of
that bill with very little interest; but when it
comes to this measure that involves the lor-
tunes of war or peace, 1 should be guilty if I
did not raise my voice in the Senate against
the great wrong. Sir, there are three states
of this Union omitted here, and only three,
the States of Virginia, of Mississippi, and of
Texas. Tell the country why you omitted these
three States. Why do you omit Virginia and
Mississippi^ and Texas? Because there is to
be no election for President there.
Mr. WILSON. Because your Army of the
United States, by the terms of the law, are to
stay there and pres«rve the public peace, while
they may be removed from these reconstructed
States, where there will be no force to punish
any outrage that may be perpetrated against
the law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is no law requir-
ing the removal of the Army from these States.
Mr. WILSON. I thought the Senator had
been demanding it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I shall
be happy to see the day when there shall not
be an armed soldier anywhere in this country
to keep the_ people down. I believe ail you
have to do is to allow the people JNiorth and
South to exercise their patriotic sentiment in
support of this country and all will be right,
1 am more afraid, though, of a militia force,
with arms supplied thus, than 1 am ot the reg-
ular Army, i would rather nsk the regular
troops ot the country, uuder the command of
General Grant, to control the electious in
these States, than this militia, which is to be
made^ up ot partisans. There is no proposi-
tion, in my judgment, so dangerous as this}
and when you tell the people that you adopt
the language of General Grant, and say vlJLetus
have peace," and then pass a bill more likely
to disturb the peace and bsing breii and
strife and bloodshed than any that possibly
can be conceived they will not believe you in
the first statement that you are for peace,
Mr. PAirERBON, of New Hampshire. I
