2230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
into the name of the kind of article formed
and designed, as I understand the meaning of
the terms employed.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether boards that have been manu-
factured in a planiug-mill and plowed with a
groove for flooring are manufactured lumber.
Mr. FERRY. 1 understand that flooring or
ceiling is planed and grooved lumber. It is
lumber used as such, and cannot be known or
construed into any other article but lumber.
The terms flooring and ceiling are merely de-
scriptive of different articles of lumber and not
names of other articles of merchandise.
Mr. BLAINE. How about doors and sashes?
Mr. FERRY. These are manufactured lum-
ber, in my judgment, and are not considered
as included in the exception at all, for the
simple reason illustrated by my remarks, that
tho idea of lumber, by the new form and con-
struction, has been lost in the specifics " door
and sash.1'
Mr. PIKE. Under the decision of tho Treas-
ury Department in relation to this matter, the
phraseology used in the reciprocity treaty being
•' lumber, unmanufactured in whole or in part,"
which came in free, shingles that were shaved
did not come in free, but were taxed, while
laths that were sawed came in free and boards
came in free. But shaved lumber, planed
lumber, and finished articles, such as doors,
sashes, blinds, and articles of that kind, did
not come in free. If the committee had used
that phraseology it would have been familiar
at the Treasury Department. I suppose this
phraseology used by the committee would be
taken to be like that used in the reciprocity
treaty, and in consequence of the decision
under that treaty.
Mr. HALSEY. The ruling of the Depart-
ment under the present law is that sawing and
planing of lumber, tonguing and grooving of
boards, and grinding of breadstutfs are not
considered manufactures.
Mr. FERRY. The gentleman has answered
for me, and 1 wish here to state, in further ex-
planation of this construction, that whenever
any flooring and ceiling or any planed lumber
of any kind is shipped to market it is always
described as "lumber" and not especially as
"flooring" or "planed lumber." it all goes
by the title of lumber, whether in the rough
or manufactured. Manifests of cargoes fre-
quently designate different qualities, as com-
mon, first, second, and third uppers, irrespect-
ive of whether the cargoes are composed of
boards, scantling, flooring, siding, or clear stuff,
and, whether planed 01 unplatted, the whole
goes to market uuder the general term of lum-
ber. When, however, doors or laths or shingles
are shipped, they are designated in the bill of
lading or manifest as such, whether sawed or
shaved shingies. They are not and cannot be
by any perversion of construction called man-
ufactured lumber. They ceased to be lumber
when they by different form became lath and
shingles.
It I understand this exception—and I was
present during the discussion in the committee
it applies only to that kind of manufacture
of lumber which converts it into different ma-
terials by which it is thereafter designated and
known as a specific article of commerce.
Mr. Speaker, to be more explicit, and in
hopes to clear up the confusion of ideas with
which gentlemen seem inclined to encircle
this question of phraseology, I may say that in
the committee of conference I had the honor
to move the amendment excepting breadstuff's,
lumber, shingles, and lath, and believing that
I reveal nothing that took place in committee
more than is proper for the elucidation of this
matter, I may also say that "shingles and
lath" were strenuously objected to, the com-
mittee consenting to the exemption of lumber,
but unwilling to include sawed or shaved shin-
gles or lath. They reluctantly assented to
lumber, but would not open the door to fur-
ther exemptions. The question then arose
whether the term lumber would cover all arti-
cles of different names made of that article and
of various combinations of that material. To
guard against this the qualifying term unmanu-
factured was offered by a member of the com-
mittee and adopted. Its purpose was to cut
off all articles that by the processes of manu-
facture' had been transformed into such defin-
itive characteristics as to be generally known,
accepted, and named by some other more spe-
cific term than the general dismissed one of
lumber. The distinction, I think, is very
clearly settled when you attempt to consider
the names of articles synonymous or inter-
changeable. Shingles are not lumber nor
lath ; lath is not shingles or lumber any more
than lumber is either shingles or lath. They
all may have been logs, and have sprung from
trees. Because of their common origin they
are not to be necessarily of like nomencla-
ture, after undergoing various processes of
manufacture, by which their form, character-
istics, and use are materially changed. Nor
am I to be diverted or answered by tho state-
ment in my hearing that unmanufactured lum-
ber or shingles or lath are logs. Manufactured
logs may be either lumber, lath, or shingles ;
but the reverse cannot bo true. Unmanufac-
tured shingles or latli or lumber are not nor
cannot be Jogs._ They cannot possibly be both.
As well might it be said that unmanufactured
lumber, shingles, and lath are standing trees,
while it can correctly be said that manufactured
trees may be lath, shingles, or lumber.
Let me further state in answer to the gentle-
man who, attempting to draw the line of dis-
crimination, said that unmanufactured lumber
is such material as falls from the first process
of manufacture, and that manufactured lumber
is of that which follows second and more pro-
cesses of manufacture; that one process of
manufacture does not necessarily make either
lumber, laths, or shingles. I would remind
gentlemen that in the manufacture of either
of those articles more processes than one are
required to perfect each. All may spring from
logs, as they generally do. For instance, logs
taken from a common boom at the foot of your
mill-slide are taken one way, sawn and split by
two processes into bolts, then sawn into im-
perfect shingles, and again by the fourth pro-
cess edged into the perfect shingle, thus ceas-
ing to be a log by becoming manufactured into
a shingle. Logs taken from the same boom
are drawn another way into the saw-mill and
first slabbed in whole or in part. These slabs,
by a second sawing, are cut into the requisite
length, and by a third and fourth sawing, or
process, made into manufactured laths, thus
losing the title of log to take the name of lath.
The slabbed log, by a second sawing, is con-
verted into imperfect lumber, by a third edged
into perfected lumber, and may again be planed,
tongued, and grooved for finishing purposes or
for flooring or ceiling, and all the while be
nothing else than lumber. It will be seen,
therefore, thatprocesses.of manufacture, or de-
grees of form, finish, or quality, cannot be the
distinctive line of severance between the char-
acteristics of lumber to determine the construc-
tion of the term "unmanufactured lumber,"
as submitted by the conference committee, and
now under consideration. Without, therefore,
going beyond legislative proprieties, or in any
way assuming to slate what were the views of,
or to commit the members of the conference
committee to any particular basis ol construc-
tion, I can properly state my conviction of the
true intent or import of the words " unmanu-
factured lumber" by declaring it to mean, in
my judgment, all sorts, kinds, forms, finish,
and qualities of lumber as have not by further
manufacture and other combinations and forms
passed into such construction as to lose the
palpable conditions of lumber by transforma-
tion into the shape of some specifically known
article of use and merchandise by which it is
generally and invariably named.
Mr. Speaker, much as [ regict the failure
to include in this exemption from taxation all
manufactured articles heretofore ranged under I
tho free list. I am content with the inclusion |
of breadstuffs and lumber. These, of the many 1
articles taxed, are, perhaps, the proper ones
to be free of taxation if only two can he saved.
It harmonizes with the theory of that legisla-
tion which generously grants a free homestead
to the poor settler who, for want of means,
would otherwise roam homeless and a wan-
derer throughout the land. Freeing lumber
from taxation lessens its cost and cheapens
the shelter of the homestead. ReleasitijjfBread-
stuffs from taxation reduces the cost of the
primal food of the primal poverty-stricken set-
tler. With a free home, a free shelter, and
free food, the staple and necessary conditions
of livelihood are protected and the poorer
classes of the community befriended by a con-
siderate Government. With such protection
and such a start in life failure to rise above the
misfortunes which hover around the more de-
pendent classes of citizenship must be charge-
able to personal inefficiency rather than to
legislative magnanimity. I trust the report
of the conference committee will receive the
concurrence of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield now for a
moment to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Myers.]
Mr. MYERS. I believe the House has been
fully enlightened on this question of lumber,
and I only rise to say that I hope we shall
come to a vote at once, and that the report will
be adopted. What we desire to do is to relieve
the industrial interests of the country from a
burden no longer necessary to be imposed on
them, and it was not intended at this time to
perfect a general tax bill.
Some gentlemen object that certain articles
are exempted and others not. They will be
taken care of, I presume, in the general revenue
bill whenever justice requires it.
Other gentlemen wish that the provisions in
regard to whisky had -been made more strin-
gent. I hope that before long we shall have a
new system to facilitate the collection of the
whisky tax, that of levying this tax upon the
fermenting capacity of the distilleries, by
which I have no doubt fraud can be largely
prevented, and $100,000,000 revenue raised
from this source. We have before us a good
bill, the best that could be obtained, and, not-
withstanding what was suggested yesterday by
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
ridge,] one which will relieve the laboring
men as well as the manufacturers of the coun°
try. I hope we shall come to a vote, and
finally pass the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK resumed the floor.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to ask my col-
league whether the fourth section of this bill
will have the effect of placing upon the tax list,
at two mills on the dollar, all the agricultural
implements which are to be manufactured and
which were exempted from taxation by the bill
last year ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Of course manufacturers
of agricultural implements, like other manu-
facturers, will pay the two mills tax on their
annual sales above §5,000.
There are no exceptions made but the two
named, breadstuffs and unmanufactured lum-
ber. And, by the way, I will here remark that
tnere is a pretty strong disposition always in the
House-and it is very natural. too~to pay
court to farmers and others who have votes by
taking the tax off agricultural imnlemcnts and
bvThe !"f °f thf k!"d "°PP0 ed to be „Sed
by the laboring classes. Well, we tried that
experiment last year. We took the taVoff
all plows and harrows and reaping machines
and mowing machines; and what has been
toe consequence ? No farm er has got hfs aSi
cultural implements one cent cheaper hutfhe
manufacturers have made some gatua by he
increase of the,r profits from this Source And
so it would probably be again, should we at
tempt any competition m a race of that sort
to equalize
spreading them over the whole commwitV
nI"  V tw/,
of an-
exceptions but those to which" we"" ma*"lg
making the tax exceedingly low, onlv fw/
mills, and that only upon the amount of Z
nual sales in excess of $5,000. and m-li-?
ftXf-Pnt.lrtll!! v>!lf *   . .
ve agreed iu the
