1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3255
been accomplished by this committee of con-
ference. I mean no disrespect to the gentle-
men representing the Senate, for I believe they
have tried to represent the Senate. Selecting
two names and striking them out because they
are not of apolitical party to satisfy the House
of Representatives! I venture to say that there
is no name in the list contained in this bill that
has as much support in favor of his attachment
fo this Union as that of George W. Jones, of
Tennessee. I know that before the Committee
on the Judiciary there was 110 such evidence in
support of any single name as was given yes-
terday by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] and the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] in support of George W. Jones. For
years he stood up against every influence at
the South that tended to bring ou the conflict,
against this party to some extent, against men,
that led in the efforts to bring about a clash
between tire two sections of the Union.
And now, for no reason except that there
is 110 evidence that he has attached himself to
a political party, he is to be stricken out of this
bill removing disabilities. He has not been in
any of the States where the reconstruction
policy has been carried out. Of course he has
given no opposition to that, because he has not
been there. He isa citizen of Tennessee who,
so far as I know, has been living a quiet,
retired, unobtrusive life, who has participated
to no extent in public affairs since the war was
over. I have not heard of his talcing any part
in any of the controversies in the southern
States; he has had no opportunity to show
any hostility to the party in power; but he has
been leading a quiet, retired life. Now he is
sticken out of this bill. I do not make an
objection particularly to the other name that is
named being stricken out. Perhaps the com-
mittee have some reason for that in the fact
that Mr. Houston was a member of Congress,
as I now understand—I did not recollect it
before—and withdrew from Congress at the
time his State seceded. I knew of him that
prior to secession he occupied very much the
same position that Mr. Jones did, that he was
a conservative man, giving his influence, and
all of his influence, against the schemes of the
extreme men of the South.
I regret now that I insisted on the name of
Mr. J ones being added to the bill; it has to be
yielded after the Senate by a unanimous vote
put it in—a unanimous vote on the testimony
of Senators themselves. The question is
whether we shall recede from the position we
took. I hope the Senate will not do it. I
shall not insist upon the other name, because
there is some doubt about it in the fact I have
mentioned that was brought to my attention by
the Senator from Nevada—a fact not known
to him until, perhaps, to-day. I do not insist
about that; but in regard to George W. Jones
I say there is more evidence in favor of the
propriety of his restoration to the full exercise
of the right of citizenship than in regard to any
other name in the bill.
There is not one of these men that can pro-
duce as much evidence. George W. Jones
contributed not one particle to bring on this
rebellion; he gave all his influence against it;
while in this bill there are men who did every-
thing they could to bring it on, whose hands
are stained with northern blood, who partici-
pated in the war, fought in the battles, were in
the secession legislatures, voted to take their
States out; and they are to be restored while
such a man as George' W. Jones is to be kept
out!
Of course any man will have feeling about a
thing of that kind. Such palpable wrongs
every man ought to denounce here and every-
where. I speak, sir, because I like George W.
Jones, as every man liked him that served with
him in the House of Representatives, not only
because of his personal qualities, but because
of his devotion to the public service and its
integrity. Of all the men of the South I do
not know a better man. He is incomparably
above the men who went into the strife and now
seek to avoid the responsibility of it by polit-
ical action. Compare him not with the Hold-
ens and that class of men ! It cannot be done!
I ask the Senate in regard to Mr. Jones to
stand by its unanimous vote of yesterday.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have not
much confidence in rebels who come in and
profess to be Radicals. I would give them
very little if any trust except in a very special
case. Now, I would suggest that the Senate
reject this report of the committee of confer-
ence, and that another committee be appointed
to confer with the committee on the part of the
House, and that they adopt a short, plain
comprehensive bill in about these terms:
Be it enacted. That every red-handed rebel who
took part against the Government of the United
States in the lute war. whose hands are still red with
the blood of Union soldiers, upon taking an oath
that he will support the Radical party shall be, and
he is hereby, reinstated in all his rights, civil, polit-
ical, and social.
Mr. STEWART. Would the Senator from
Kentucky vote for that bill?
Mr. DAVIS. I would as soon vote for that
bill as vote for the one under consideration.
I think that in principle and in justice that
would be about equivalent to this.
Mr. STEWART. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the adoption of the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 7 : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cole, Cragin
Fessenden. Harlan, Henderson, Morgan, Moinll of
Vermont,Nye, Poineroy, Ramsey. Sherman,Sprngue,
Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, Wade, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Doolittle, Hendricks, Mc-
Creery, Patterson of Tennessee, Ross, and Van Win-
kle—7.
ABSENT —Messrs. Bayard, Buck alow. Cameron,
Chandler, Conklrag. Conner. Corbett, Dixon, Drake,
Edmunds, Ferry, Fowler. Frelinghuvsen, Grimes,
Howard, Howe, Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Sauisbury,
Tipton, Viekers, and Yates—25.
So the report was concurred in.
codllts in tennessee.
Mr. WILSON. I renew my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts allow us to dispose of two bills
which have been returned from the House of
Representatives with amendments? I think
the Senate can dispose of them in a moment
if the Chair will lay them before the body.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 377) to
change the times of holding the district and
circuit courts of the United States in the
several districts in the State of Tennessee.
The amendment was in line five, to strike
out the words "March and September" and
insert "January and July."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House of
Representatives. It merely changes the time
when a court is to be held.
'£he amendment was concurred in.
court of claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 1G4) to pro-
vide for appeals from the Court of Claims, and
for other purposes.
The amendment was to insert the following
section after the eighth scction of the bill:
And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of the clerk of the said Court of Claims to transmit
to Congress, at the commencement of every December
session, a full and eorapletestatementof all thejudg- *
mcnts rendered by the said court for the previous
yeai; stating the amounts therefor and the parties
in whose favor rendered, together with a brief synop-
sis of the nature of the claims upon which said judg-
ments have been rendered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent therein the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 18, 1868.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and-
approved.
vacancies on committees filled.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Delano to
fill the vacancy in the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and Mr. Kxott to fill the vacancy in
the Committee on Expenditures in the Interior
Department.
call of tiie ii0tjse.
Mr. BINGHAM moved that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and the
following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Ames, Axtell, Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum.
Boyer, BiomweH, Brooks, Burr, Cook, Covode,
Dixon, Dodge, Drigg?, Finney. Fox, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner. Grover, Holman, Hopkins, Asanel W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Jones. Judd. Kellev, Laflin, George V. Lawrence.
William Lawrence, Loan, Lyhch, Mailory, Marshall,
Miller, Morrissey, Mungen, Nunn, Orth, Perharn,
Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randal], Raum,
Ross, Selye, Shellabarger. Sitgreaves, Taylor, Van
Auken, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, John
T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood,
Woodbridgo. and Woodward.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and twenty
members have answered to their names, and
a quorum is present.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now desire to call up
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House passed the joint resolution (H. R. No.
291) giving additional compensation to certain
employes in the civil service of the Govern-
ment But I will first yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
modification of the laws op nations.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
present the memorial of insurance companies,
ship-owners, and merchants of Massachusetts,
praying that action may be had in favor of a
modification of the laws of nations, so that
whenever hostilities between belligerent nations
shall have ceased for the period of one year
the state of war shall be deemed at an end so
far as other Governments or the citizens thereof
are concerned, notwithstanding the absence of
any formal treaty or declaration of peace. I
ask to have the memorial referred to the,Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Cannot
that come in under the rule?
The SPEAKER. It can.
Mr. BANKS. It is an important memorial.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
it will be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. The Chair hears none, and it is
so referred.
Mr. BANKS. I ask to have it printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For what
purpose?
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw the request.
territory 01 wyoming.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask to have Senate bill
No. 357, to provide a temporary government
for the Territory of Wyoming, printed, still
remaining on the Speaker's table.
No objection being made, it was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, subsequently en-
tered a motion to reconsider the order to print,
saying that he desired to offer some amend-
ment to the bill. *
extra pay op government employes.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now call up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the House
passed the joint resolution _(H. R. No. 291}
giving additional compensation to certain em-
ploy6s in the civil service of the Government
at Washington.
