THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
178
what he said his purpose was?'-' The witness
having made an answer to that question either
partial or full, the Chief Justice is unable to
decide which, the counsel for the President
propose this question : "Have you answered
as to both occasions?" That is the same
question which the Senator from Kentucky
now proposes to the Chief Justice, and which
he is unable to answer. The Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] objects to the ques-
tion proposed by the counsel for the President
upon the ground that General Sherman having
been recalled at the instance of a Senator, and
having been examined by him, he cannot be
examined by counsel for the President. The
Chief Justice thinks that that is a matter en-
tirely within the discretion of the Senate, but
that it is usual, under such circumstances, to
allow counsel to proceed with their inquiries
relating to the same subject-matter.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I with-
draw my objection to this question. When the
question was orally put I understood it to be
another and different question. I am willing
a full answer shall be given to the question
propounded by the Senator from Maryland, but
object to new questions.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question, and the witness will answer.
The Secretary. The question is, "haveyou
answered as to both occasions?"
The Witness. I should like to hear my
answer as far as it had gone.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the reporter
read the answer.
'The CHIEF JUSTICE. That will be done.
Mr. J. J. Murphy, one of the official report-
ers of the Senate, read the previous answer
of the witness from the short-hand notes, as
follows:
" I intended to be very precise and very short; but
it appeared to mo necessary to state what I began to
statt', that the President told me that the relation?
between himself and Mr. Stanton, and between Sir.
Stanton and the other members of the Cabinet, were
such that he coukl not execute the office which he
filled as President of the United States without mak-
ing provision <id interim for that office; that lie had
the right under the law; lie claimed to have the
rigrht; and his purpose was to have tho otfice admin-
istered 111 the interest of tho Army and ot the conn-
try; and lie offered mo the office in that view. He
did not state to mo then tliathispurposcwastobrmg
it to the courts directly; but for the purposo of hav-
ing the olfiee administered properly m the interest
of tho Army and of the wholo country.
"Mr. Ktanueky. Oil both occasions, General, or
the other occasion?
" The Witness. I asked him why lawyers could
not make a ease; that I did not wish to be brought
as an officer of the Araiv into any controversy."
" Mr. Oonklino. Will you not repeat that last
answer, General?"
"Tho Witness. I asked liiin wliy lawyers could
not make a case, and not bring me, or an olficer, into
the controversy? His answer was, that it was found
impossible, or a case could not be made up; 'but/
said he, 'if wo can bring tho case to thecourts.it
would not stand half an hour.' I think that is all
that he stated to me then."
Mr. DRAKE. Now read the pending ques-
tion.
The Secretary. The question is; "Have
you answered as to both occasions."
The Witness. The question first asked me
seemed to restrict me so close to the purpose
that I endeavored to confine myself to that
point alone. On the first day or the first inter-
view in which the President offered me the
appointment ad interim lie confined himself
to very general terms, and I gave him no defi-
nite answer. The second interview, which
was on the afternoon of the 30th, not tho 81st,
was the interview during which he made the
points which I have testified to. In speaking
lie referred to the constitutionality of tho bill
known as the civil tenure-of-office bill, I think,
or the tenure of civil-office bill; and it was the
constitutionality of that bill which he seemed
desirous of having tested, and which, he said,
if it could be brought before the Supreme
Court properly, would not stand half an hour.
We also spoke of force. I first stated that
if Mr. Stanton would simply retire, although
it was against my interest, against my desire,
against my personal wishes, and against my
official wishes, I might be willing to undertake
to administer the office ad interim, Then he
supposed that the point was yielded; and I
made this point, " Suppose Mr. Stanton do not
yield?" He answered, " Oh! he will make
no objection; you present the order, and he
will retire." I expressed my doubt and he re-
marked, "I know him better than you do ; he
is cowardly." I then begged to be excused
from giving him an answer to give the subject
more reflection, and I gave him my final an-
swer in writing. I think that letter, if you
insist upon knowing my views, should come
into evidence, and not parol testimony taken
up; but my reasons for declining the office
were mostly personal in their nature.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, with
the permission of the Senate I desire to correct
a mistake of fact. I thought General Sher-
man said the 31st, but it is the 30th of Janu-
ary, and therefore I desire to have that correc-
tion made in my written question.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If there be no ob-
jection that correction will be made. The 30th
will bo substituted for the 31st in the record of
the question of the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask the
witness a question which I send to the Chair in
writing.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question of the Senator from Missouri.
The Secretary read as follows :
Did the President, on cither of the oeeasions al-
luded to, express to you a lixed rosolution ordoterm-
ination to remove Stanton Irom his oifice?
The Witness. If by removal is meant a re-
moval by force, he never conveyed to my mind
such an impression; but he did most unmis-
takably say that he could have no more inter-
course with him in the relation of President
and Secretary of War.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to put a question
to the witness. I send it to the Chair.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question proposed by the Senator
from Michigan.
The Secretary read as follows :
You say the Piesident spoke of force. What did
he say about force?
Tho Witness. I inquired, "Suppose Mr.
Stanton do not yield, what then shall be
done?" "Oh," said lie, "there is no neces-
sity of considering that question; upon the
presentation of an order ho will simply go
away," or " retire."
Mr. HOWARD. Is that a full answer to the
question ?
The Witness. I think it is, sir.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I de-
sire to submit another question. I send it to
the desk.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question proposed by the Senator
from Missouri.
The Secretary read as follows :
Did you give any opinion or advice to the Presi-
dent on cither of those oeeasions in regard to the
legality or propriety of an ad interim appointment;
and if so, what advice did you give, or what opinion
did you express to liim ?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
we must object to that.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. It has been over-
ruled once to-day. I suppose tho Senate means
to adhere to some rule.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the honorable
Managers object to the question being an-
swered ?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM and Mr. Manager
BUTLER. We do.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will put the question to the Senate whether the
question proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri is admissible and should be put to the
witness.
The question being put, was determined in
the negative.
So the question propounded by Mr. Hender-
son was decided to be inadmissible.
Mr. STANBERY. If no other questions
are sought to he put to General Sherman, I
believe we are through with him.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the honorable
Managers desire to put any question*?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I did not know-
that the counsel for the President had anything
to do with this examination.
Mr. STANBERY. I have safd we are
through. We do not propose to argue that
point. - ' '
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Gentlemen, Gen-
eral Sherman desires to know if you are through
with him on both sides?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. We may desire
to recall the Lieutenant General to-morrow.
The Witness. I have a summons to, appear
before your committee to-morrow.
Mr. EVARTS. We must insist, Mr. Chief
Justice, that the cross-examination must- be
finished before the witness is allowed to leave
the stand.
Sir. Manager BINGHAM. We do not pro^
pose to make any cross-examination at pres-
ent.
Mr. EYARTS. No cross-examination "at
present 1" We insist that the cross-examina-
tion must be made now if it is to be made
at all.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Undoubtedly that
is the rule.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. We submit that
the gentlemen themselves on Saturday made
an appeal for leave to recall the witness; and
for myself, and us I understood it to be for my
associate Managers, I made no objection. It
is for the Senate to determine whether we
shall recall him to-morrow.
Mr. EYARTS. We have no desire to be
strict about these rules, but we desire that
they shall be equally strict on both sides.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Undoubtedly the
general rule is that if the Managers desire to
cross-examine they must cross-examine be-
fore dismissing the witness ; but that will be a
question for the Senate when General Sherman
is recalled.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. This witness has
not been called now by the counsel, and there-
fore we do not cross-examine at present about
the matter inquired of by the court. The
court's questions are all very well; we can-
not interfere with those ; we do not propose to
do so. We will take our own course in our
own way.
Mr. EYARTS. Very well.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. And let you know
what it is when we get ready.
R. J. Meigs recalled.
By Mr. Stanbery :
Question. Have you the docket of the
supreme court of the District with you now ?
Answer. I have.
Question. Will you read the docket entries
in the case of the United States to. Lorenzo
Thomas?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Is that evidence?
I have no belief that the docket entry of a
court, until the record is made up, is anything
more than a minute from which the record
may be extended. I directed that the record
should be extended in this ease for the use of
the Senate.
Mr. STANBERY. It is not a case in which
any record was made, as the witness has
already told us ; but it was p, proceeding be-
fore a judge at chambers, and the only entry
on the books is the entry on the docket.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The witness will
proceed, unless the question be objected to.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I have objected.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. We must object
to the evidence as incompetent.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel for
j the President will please state in writing what
J they propose to prove.
j The offer of the counsel for the President
l was reduced in writing in the form of a ques-
| tion to the witness, as follows:
I Have you got the dockct ontries as to the dispo-
! sit ion of the case of the United States vs. Lorenzo
J Thomas, and if so will you produce and road thom?
| The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
! thinks that this is a part of the same transac-
; tion, and is competent evidence; but he will
