1208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February \1,
port? Is the Senator from Ohio willing to be
hold to such a report? If he should addries^
his constituents for an hour, and some reporter
of a newspaper should undertake to represent
the views ho expressed in the space of two
squares in a newspaper, would the Senator be
willing to be held to that report, wheu on the
next day, he expressed deliberately, in a letter
at full length, his views and sentiments? Sir,
such evidence as that would not convict a man
in the lowest court in the land. Before a jus-
tice of the peace you could not introduce that
report as evidence, because it does not pur-
port to give the language used by Governor
Thomas—not even the substance of the lan-
guage. It undertakes to give the substance of
the speech; and every lawyer knows that such
evidence could not be received. Then, sir, I
claim for Governor Thomas the support of his
letter written shortly afterward, and the report
that was made in the Sun the same morning
that the other report appeared.
I was astonished that Senators referred to
the American's report of that speech. I think
I am sure that no member of the committee
thought there was anything in that matter
which ought to raise a question as to Governor
Thomas's right to a seat. I think I cannot be
mistaken in that, that this report in the news-
paper of what he said furnished no ground to
question his right to take his seat. 1 always
thought the only real question presented by
the committee to the Senate was, whether the
payment of that money to his son under the
circumstances should exclude him. - Now, I
admit the rule of law that is laid down, that a
man is presumed to intend the consequences
of his own conduct. That is a rule of law;
but if a man, at the time he does an act, uses
language which shows what he intends, what
he means, that is the evidence that controls on
the subject. There is no construction, then,
because his language accompanying the act
and a part thereof defines its character. What
did Governor Thomas say? Senators say he
cannot swear that he did not give aid, coun-
tenance, counsel, or encouragement to persons
engaged in armed rebellion. His son was not
engaged i,n armed rebellion at the time; but
what did he say to his son ? That is not ques-
tioned. What did he say to his son? Right
here I wish to say that I have heard criticisms
upon the testimony of this young man that I
did not expect, to hear in the Senate. This
young man was brought before the committee,
not upon the motion of his father, but because
information had come to the committee about
that matter, and he was summoned. There
w&s no effort to avoid his presence. lie was
brought, then, by the committee before it.
Senators start out with the proposition that he'
stands before the committee of the Senate as
a questionable witness, swearing for his fath-
er's sake. It is possible that when hard pressed
in a law suit I have used such arguments, but
generally I have tried to be more just than that.
If this young man did not wish to testify truly,
why did he testify anything about the giving of
the $100? That could have been proven by no
other witness, perhaps. If he was willing to
swear falsely for his father, and his father was
willing to have him swear falsely, why did he
swear to the receiving of the money at all ? He
tells you plainly—there is no equivocation about
it—that his father gave him the $100. Why
should Senators doubt the honor and veracity
of that witness who is brought here by the com-
mittee ?
But, sir, the evidence then shows that, in-
stead of giving countenance and encourage-
ment Jo the southern cause, Governor Thomas
did, by ever}' appeal that he could reasonably
make to his son, dissuade him from going into
this service. All the influence that he could
use short of physical force he used to prevent
his son going. Do Senators believe that?
There is no evidence to the contrary, and it
stands as a part of the testimony the commit-
tee brought out, that whenever the subject was
mentioned the father attempted to persuade
him, and appealed to him as a, citizen of Mary-
land, a Statp remaining in the Union without
resistance to the Government, that it was his
duty to remain at home, and not to join the
enemies of the country. This was the appeal,
honestly and earnestly made. The son resisted
it. The testimony is, that because of this con-
troversy between the father and the son a cool-
ness sprang up between them. Finally the
son informed his father that he was going.
Then, in that condition of the business, the
father said to him, "If you will go, though I
think you will never reach the rebel lines, I do
not wish you to suffer; I will give you this
money." Then, sir, upon the testimony fairly
considered, considered as judges ought to con-
sider testimony, it stands thus: the father
gives his son $100, not to aid him to go into
the rebellion, not because he desired him to
go into the rebellion, but that he should not
suffer; in other words, he was goyerned in
thatactby his affection for his son, and not by
a desire to promote the cause of tho rebellion.
That presents the question, what rule of con-
struction will the S.enate adopt? I attempted
to show, some days since, that the Senate, as
well as the House of Representatives, had
adopted a rule on this subject. The Senate
adopted a rule in the case of Senator Patter-
son from Tennessee. In that case the Senate
certainly, in admitting Senator Patterson, did
allow that the intent of the party at the time
the act is done shall be considered in deciding
whether he can take this oath. There was no
doubt that Senator Patterson' had held an
office under tho State authority of Tennessee
during the rebellion. There was no question
of the fact; it was admitted to the Senate;
but tho Senate was satisfied that his purpose
and his design were not to give aid and com-
fort to the rebellion, but to support the Union
men in that part of Tennessee: I believe that
the Senator from Tennessee could as con-
scientiously take the oath as any other Senator
in this Hall. Perhaps he was the only Sena-
tor who had the opportunity of showing his
fidelity to the cause of the Union by such acts
and sufferings as characterized his conduct.
But, sir, the House of Representatives has
also adopted a rule at this session ; and I sub-
mit to Senators whether it is proper that the
Senate and House should differ upou the con-
struction that shall be given to this rule. The
House at the present session in the report upon
one of the Kentucky cases has laid down the
lulethat there must be an act of giving aid and
comfort to the rebellion or encouragement to
the cause, and that that act must be accom-
panied by a design to aid that cause, and in the
absence of a design the act docs not come
within this law. That is the report on our
tables of the committee of the House, and acted
upon, as I understand, by the House.
To maintain their cause, however, Senators
have felt themselves called upon to apologize
for the case of Mr. Stokes in the House of
Representatives. They say that that was right;
and why ? Because after he wrote the letter
that has been referred to he served in the
Federal Army; he remained in the service for
several years, and proved himself to be a loyal
man. 1 am willing that Senators shall satisfy
themselves in that way with that case, because
it establishes just this doctrine: that tho motive
which has governed a man throughout this con-
troversy shall be considered in deciding upon
the quality and character of his act. But I
wish Senators to notice now what they do apol-
ogize for when they attempt to draw a distinc-
tion favorable to Mr. Stokes in a case like this.
In the first place, his letter was written on the
10th of May, 1801, nearly a month after the
commencement of actual hostilities. It was
written for the purpose, as he says, of letting
the men of Tennessee know his views—not a
letter written to a friend which lid supposed
would be placed in the secretary of that friend
and not seen, but, as he says himself, for the
purpose of placing himself right before the
people in whose opinion he took an interest.
Then he says:.
" I commend Governor Harris for his course, and
for arming the State and resisting Lincoln to the
point of the bayonet"—
Recollect, sir, this was a month after the
war commenced, about the commencement of
which, at that time, there was no question—
" And have enrolled my name as a volunteer to resist
his usurpation."
Again, he says:
" I hayo always opposed secession, but claim the
right of revolution, and the right to resist the oppres-
sion of the Federal Government, and to throw off
their allegiance to the same when that oppression
becomes intolerable. That time has now come."
I shall not read further from this letter. The
letter being known to the House of Repre-
sentatives, where there was a large majority
of the friends of the Senators on the other
side, Colonel Stokes was admitted to his seat.
Upon what ground? That the letter is to be
read in the light of his subsequent conduct.
Upon no other ground can it be sustained. I
might have some difficulty now in understand-
ing how a man, after having written such a
letter during the war, could take the oath that
he had given no countenance, given no counsel,
given no encouragement to persons engaged
in armed hostility to the authority of the U nited
States. It is not a question of purgation; it is
a question of fact. Did he give encourage-
ment, counsel, or aid to persons engaged in
armed hostility, when he said: "I desire the
people of Tennessee to know that I support
the act of Governor Harris in arming the men
of Tennessee to resist Mr. Lincoln at the point
of the bayonet," and that the time had come
to resist Federal usurpations by force?
My reference to the case of Colonel Stokes
is not for the purpose of making any criticism
upon the House of Representatives, or any
criticism upon a political party in admitting
that man to a seat in the House; nor, indeed,
am I going to make myself a committee to
investigate his conscience in taking the oath;
but I refer to it that Senators may see what
precedent has been established. You said that
this man now being of your party it is right to
allow him to take his seat, although he wrote
a letter the tendency and influence of which
would be to call into the rebel army all the
young men of Tennessee who had confidence
in Colonel Stokes. Is any Senator able to
say how many men enlisted as rebel soldiers
because they saw this publication from this
member of Congress from that State? How
much aid was given to the cause of the South
by that letter no man can tell; and yet you are
willing that he should take his seat in the House
of Representatives because his motives have
been since shown by conduct that you approve.
Then when Governor Thomas gives to his son
at leaving the family door $100and implores him
not to go, at the same time stating to him that
he ought not to go, being a citizen of Maryland,
how is it that you bring that up as a cause for
excluding him? If you allow room for Colonel
Stokes to repent, will you not allow Governor #
Thomas the same right of repentance ? If there
was anything wrong in the giving of this money
the repentance was shown in the letter of the
mother, written at, the suggestion of the father,
while the son was yet in Washington and had
not crossed the Potomac.
Sir, I take an interest in the admission of
this Senator, not because I believe it has any
political bearing in one way or another, but
because I believe he is entitled to his seat; and
if the same facts were presented as against a
gentleman of the opposite party, if I can judge
of my conscience and judgment at all, I should
not hesitate a moment to vote for his admis-
sion.
hinally, however, in the course of this de-
bate the most powerful appeal that is made to
the Senate and the country is expressed in the
language of a poet:
" I hear -a lion in the lobby roar!
^ay, Mr. Speaker, shall we stmt the door
And keep him out, or shall we let him in
And seeif we oan get him out again
It is a little singular that the inspiration that
was felt at that very hour in the Senate was
experienced in the House of Representatives
