2232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBl.
Marck St,
TEABE -WISH SHE BRITISH PROVINCES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in reply
to a resolution of the House of Representatives
of the 7th instant, information as to the trade
between the United States and the British
North American Provinces since the abrogation
of the reciprocity treaty; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the*following resolution; which was
referred under the law to the Committee on
Printing: «
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to the resolu-
tion of thelfouse asking for information inreference
to the trade between tho United States and the British
North American Provinces since tho abrogation of
the reciprocity treaty, be printed for the use of the
Ho se.
commissions on sales op bonds.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to the
resolution of the House, relative to commissions
paid on sales of bonds, to whom paid, &c.;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
lea ye of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Price
for three weeks.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Benjamin on account of the serious illness
of his wife.
printing of documents.
On motion of Mr. LAFLIN, an order wjis
made for the printing of the written statements,
letters, and documents, proved and read to the
commission whose report is found in House
Document No. '2.2, second session Fortieth
Congress, together with any other communi-
cations on the same subject, either in the hands
of the commission or of the officers of the War
Department.
protection of emigrants and passenokrs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is not
often that I ask to introduce a bill or to have
pne printed, but I have here a bill for the
better protection of emigrants and passengers.
It is a bill of great importance, and it is desir-
able to have it early considered by the Com-
mittee on Commerce. I therefore ask leave
to introduce it and have it referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and printed.
Mr. NI BLACK. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman if they are going to report anything from
the Committee on Commerce this session ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That will
depend on whether the committee is called for
reports or not.
The SPEAKER. It will soon be called,
when reports of committees are in order.
£To objection being made,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced
a bill (II. R. No. 999) for the better protection
of emigrants and passengers; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. INGEBSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the committee be allowed to report
that bill back at any time after the morning
hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
ask that.
Mr. PIKE. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The Ilonse ought to
allow a bill of that importance to be reported
back at any time.
Mr. O'NEILL. I hope no bill will be re-
ported back from that committee before the
committee is called regularly for reports. I
have several bills which I desire to bring be-
fore the House at an early day.
Mr. INGEESOLL. Well, the gentleman
can object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Pike] objects, and the request is
not granted.
arctombn® of mb. butler.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report th§ following reso-
lution ; upon which I demand the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That there be printed for tho use of this
House five thousand copies of the opening address
of Hon. Benjamin lf. Butler, one of the managers
on the part of tho House of .Representatives on the
trial of Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, before the Senate, with the accompanying
brief of law authorities, and forty thousand copies
without the accompanying brief.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to ask the gentle-
man what it will cost to print this Republican
campaign document?
Mr: LAFLIN. It will cost somewhere from
fifteen hundred to two thousaud dollars.
Mr. BROOKS. What I want to ask the
gentleman is, if he intends hereafter impar-
tially, in like manner, in like way, in like
numbers, to have printed all the speeches on
both sides; those of all the managers on the
part of the House and of all the counsel for
the President?
Mr. WASHBURNE,_ of Illinois. I desire
to inquire of the Chair what is the precise
condition of this resolution?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is before
the House.
Mr. BROOKS. I want an answer to my
question.
Mr. LAFLIN. I can simply state in ref-
erence to that, that I have no power to bind
the liouso of Representatives. 1 do not speak
in thfi name of the House of Representatives.
In offering this resolution I do not offer any
report in reference to the address or speech
of any particular member of the House of
Representatives or any one of the counsel of
the President. It is simply a resolution in
reference to the argument of an officer of the
House of Representatives. If the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] can convince
me that the counsel of the President are in
the same category with the managers on the
part of the House of Representatives, and that,
it is the duty of the House of Representatives
to print their speeches in the same way that it
is proposed to print the speeches of those act-
ing for the House, he certainly will find me
with him.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman does not
answer iny question directly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ot Illinois. I want
some further explanation of this resolution
before 1 can vole for it. We are now about
to establish a precedent, and we must deal
fairly and justly on all sides in this matter. I
hope the resolution will not be adopted.
Mr. ROSS. Does the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Laflin] think it is quite fair to
tax the people of this country for printing
Republican campaign documents?
Mr. LAFLIN. X give as close attention as
I possibly can to what is said on the other
side of the House, but there is so much eon-
fusion here that I cannot -understand what is
said.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Isit intended to publish
this simply as an electioneering document?
Or is it forthe purpose of furnishing the coun-
try with information in regard to the proceed-
ings in the court of impeachment? If the lat-
ter object be the one in view, then I suppose
the proper way would be to publish all the pro-
ceedings, so that the people may have a fair
understanding of the whole subject.
Mr. LAFLIN. I have not placed myself
here for the purpose of being catechised: I am
perfectly willing to answer proper questions.
But such questions as are now being asked me
I must respectfully decline to answer. I now
demand the previous question.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No. 900)
to exempt certain manufactures from internal
tax, and for other purposes; when the Speaker
signed the same.
leave of absence.
Mr. HALSEY asked and obtained leave of
absence for one week.
constitution of florida.
Mr. PAINE. I move-that the constitution
of Florida, with the accompanying papers, re-
ferred to the Committee on Reconstruction, be
printed for the use of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
argument of mr. butler.
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
seconding the previous question upon the reso-
lution reported from the Committee on Print-
ing in reference to the argument of Mr. But-
ler.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 55, noes 34; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Laflin and
Mr. Chanler were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 73, noes 24.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was upon ordering the main
question.
Mr. CHANLER. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid upon the table; and upon that
question I call for the yeas and uays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; ar.d it was decided
in the negative—yeas 37, nays 82, not voting
70 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Delos R. Ashley,
Baker, Boatty, Beck, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Burr,
Cary, Chanler, Eldridge. Glossbrenner, Golladay,
Grover, Haight, Holman, Richard P.Hubbard, H«m-
Shrcy, Xneersoll, Kerr, Knott, Koontz, Marshall,
ibhiek. Phelps, Poland, Ross, Sitgreaves, Spalding,
Stone, Lawrence S. Trimble, Y.in Auken, Van
Trump. Eliliu B. Washburne. and Woodbridge—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell, James SI.
Ashley, Bailey, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Blaine,
Boutwell, Brorawell, Broomall, Buekland, Cake,
Churchill,Reader Vf. Clarke, Coburn, Oovode,Dawes,
Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Euot, Fer-
riss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Halsey, Haw-
kins, Hooper, Hopkins. Hunter. Judd. Julian. Kel-
sey, Kitchen, Laflin, William Lawrence. Lincoln,
Loughridge, Mallory, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy,
MeCiurg, Mercur, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mul-
lins, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike,
Pile, Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Kaum, Saw-
yer, Schenck.Scofield, Shanks, Smith, Stokes, Twich-
ell.Burt VanHorn,RobertT. Van Horn, Ward.Cad-
waladerC. Washburn, William B. Washburn,Welker,
William Williams, John T. Wilson, Stephen i\ Wil-
son, and Windom—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Axtell, Baldwin,
Barnes, Barnum, Benton, Bingham, Butler, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cornell, Cullom, Donnelly, Ela,
Farnsworth, Finney, Fox, Getz. Griswnld, Harding,
Higby, Hill. Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester
I>. Hubbaid, Hulburd, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones,
Kelley, Ketcham, George V. Lawrence, Loan, Lo-
gan, Lynch, McCormick, McCullough. Miller. Mor-
gan, Morrissey, Mungen, Neweomb, Nicholson,
iSurm, Orth, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Robinson,
Selyc, Shellabargor, Starkweather, Aaron F. Ste-
vens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart. Taber, Taffe. Tay-
lor, Thomas, Jobn Trimble, Trowbridgre, Upson,
Van Aoraam, Van Wyck, Henry D. Waehbum.
Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, Wood, ana
Woodward—70.
So the resolution was not laid 011 the table.
lMP^CIIMENT OJ? THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER then said: The hour of
half past twelve o'clock has now arrived, and
the House resolves itself into the Committee
of the Whole, according to order, to proceed
to the bar of the Senate, following the man-
agers and preceded by the chairman of the
Committee ot the Whole, who will be attended
by the Clerk and acting Doorkeeper.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the \\ hole, in obedi ence to
the order, and proceeded to the bar of the
Senate.
At six o'clock and twenty-five minutes p, m.
the Committee of the Whole returned to the
M aw A orfo??ot-j!,avingresume'i thec^air,
Mr. WAbHBUElN jb, of Illinois, made the
following report: Ihe Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the man-
agers to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a
court ot impeachment for the trial of Andrew
Johnson ; progress has been made in the trial,
and the Senate sitting as a court of impeach-
ment has adjourned until twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
