174
SUPPLEMENT TO
put the question to the Senate if any Senator
desires it. [After a pause.] The witness will
answer the question.
The Witness. The examining magistrate or
the judge took tho recognizance of General
Thomas for his appearance on a subsequent
day, and when that recognizance was taken it
was put on the docket of the court, because
there might be a scire facias upon it on one
supposition, and there might be an indictment.
Therefore it was put upon the docket of the
court.
Mr. STANBERY. Read the docket entries.
The Witness. The case is numbered 5711.
" The United States vs. Lorenzo Thomas :
" Warrant for his arrest issued by Hon. Chief Jus-
tice Canter, on the oath of IS. M. Stanton, to answer
the charge of high misdemeanor, in that ho did un-
!aw;uily accept tho appointment of tho office of Sec-
retary of Wax ad interim, .February 22,186S.
"Warrant served by the marshal i'ebruary 22,
186S.
" Kecognizanco for his appcnranco on tho 26th
instant, February 22,18C3.
"Discharged by Chief Justice Cartter, on tho mo-
tion of tho defendant's counsel, February 26,1868."
Mr. STANBERY. That is all.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do tho honorable
Managers desire to cross-examine this witness?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We have nothing
to ask of this witness, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that tho court
adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Maryland moves that tho Senate, sitting as a
court of impeachment, adjourn until to-mor-
row at twelve o'clock. On this question the
yeas and nays are asked for.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, one
fifth of the Senators present not sustaining the
call.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were, on a division—ayes 24,
noes IS; and tho Senate, sitting for the trial
of the impeachment, adjourned until to-mor-
row at twelve o'clock.
Tuesday, April 14, 1808.
The Chief J ustico of tho United States entered
the Senate Chamber at twelve o'clock and five
minutes p. in., and took the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Kergeaut-at-Arms,
The Managers of tho impeachment on tho
part of the House of Representatives appeared
and took tho seats assigned them.
The counsel for the respondent, with the ex-
ception of Mr. Stanbory, also appeared and
took their seats.
The presence of the House of Representa-
tives was next announced, and (he members
of the House, as in Committee of the Whole,
headed by Mr. E. B. WASiimnixii, the chairman
of that committee, and accompanied by the
Speaker and Clerk, entered the Senate Cham-
ber, and were conducted to tho scats provided
for them.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
read the Journal.
Mr. STEWART. I move that tho reading
of the Journal bo dispensed with.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If there be no
objection the reading of the Journal will be
dispensed with. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 send to the Chair an order.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
read the order.
The Secretary read as follows :
Ordered, In answer to tho motion of the Managers,
that, under the rule limiting the argument to two on
aside unlcssotherwiso ordered,such otherManagcrs
mid counsel as choose may print and tile arguments
at any tune before the argument of the closing Man-
ager.
Tho CHIEF JUSTICE. If there be no
objection the order will be considered now.
Air. CONNESS. I object, Mr. President.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Objection is made.
The order will lie over for one day. I
Mr. SUMNER. 1 beg leave most respect-
fully to inquire under what rule such an objec-
tion can he made.
_ The CHIEF JUSTICE. _ The Chief Jus-
tice stated on Saturday that in conducting the
business of the court he applied, as far as they
were applicable, the general rules of the Sen-
ate. This has been done upon several occa-
sions, and when objection has been made orders
have been laid over to tho next day for con-
sideration.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course it is not for me
to argue the question ; but I beg to remind the
Chair of the rule under which this order is
moved.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It will lie over.
Gentlemen of counsel for the President, you
will please proceed with the defense.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, it is our misfortune to be obliged to state
to the court that since the adjournment, yester-
day, and not coming to our knowledge until
just before we came into court this morning,
our associate, Mr. Stanbery, is prevented by
illness, which confines him, wholly from attend-
ing upon the court to-day. I have seen him,
and have learned the opinion of his physician
that he will undoubtedly, in expectation, be
able to resume his duty within forty-eight hours,
and there maybe some hope that he will bo able
to do so by to-morrow. In the suddenness of
this knowledge to us, and in the actual arrange-
ment in reference to the proofs, it would be
very difficult for us, and almost impossible with
any proper attention to the justice of the case,
to proceed to-day; and we suppose thatan in-
dulgence, at least for the day, would lessen the
chance of longer procrastination. The gentle-
men of the Senate and tho Chief Justice will
be so good as to bear in mind that much of the
matter to be produced in evidence is within
tho personal knowledge of our associate, Mr.
Stanbery, and not within our own, and we have
to say that the conduct of the proofs has been
accorded to him.
It is, of course, not pleasant for us, and not
pleasant for Mr. Stanbery especially, that such
an occasion as this should arise for tho intro-
duction of personal considerations ; but in our
best judgment we can only present it to the
court in the aspect that I have named, and sub-
mit it to their discretion whether the facility
and the indulgence that may be needed on our
part should bo limited to this day or whether
it should extend over the two days that we
suppose would assure the restoration of Mr.
Stanbery to health. I saw Mr. Stanbery last
evening, and, although ho had been a little
affected by a cold which he had contracted, I
supposed him to be, as he supposed himself to
be, in a condition of health that would permit
him to go on as usual; and it was only as we
were preparing to come to court this morning
that he himself was obliged to submit to tho
confinement of his physician and to inform us
of his situation.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I would ask
a question of tho counsel for the defense.
'The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question proposed by the Senator from
Missouri.
The Secretary read the question, as follows:
Cannot tho day be occupied by counsel for the re-
spondent in giving in documentary evidence?
Mr. EVARTS. It cannot, as we understand
the situation of the proofs and our duty in re-
gard to them.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I move that
the Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment,
adjourn until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senate, sitting
as a coint of impeachment, stands adjourned
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Wednesday, April 15, 1868.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Scrgeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives and the
counsel for tho respondent, except Mr. Stan-
bery, appeared,. and took the seats assigned
them respectively.
The members of the House of Represent-
atives, as in Committee of the Whole, pre-
ceded by Mr. Wasiibukne, chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by tho Speaker
and Clerk, appeared and were conducted to the
seats provided for them.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the Journal of yesterday's proceedings.
The Secretary read the Journal of yester-
day's proceedings of the Senate sitting for
the trial of the impeachment.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The first business
in order is the consideration of the order sub-
mitted by the Senator from Massachuetts [Mr.
Sumnek] yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have it
reported.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the order.
The Secretary read as follows:
Ordered, In answer to the motion of the Managers,
that, under the rule limiting the argument to two on
a side, " unless otherwise ordered," such other Man-
agers and counsel as choose may print and filo argu-
ments at any time before the argument of theclosing
Manager.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is
on agreeing to the order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
order so that it will read, '' May print and file
arguments at any time before the argument of
the opening Manager shall be concluded," in
order that the counsel for the defense may
have an opportunity to see what arguments
they are to reply to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objections to
that.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 ask for the reading of
the order as proposed to be amended.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
read the order.
The Secretary. The order submitted reads
as follows:
Ordered, In answer to the motion of tho Managers,
that, under the rule limiting the argument to two on
a side, unless otherwise ordered, such other Man-
agers and counsel as choose may print and file argu-
ments at any timo beferothe argument of tho closing
Manager.
It is proposed to strike out the words "ar-
gument of the closing Manager" and insert
"argument of the opening Manager shall be
concluded."
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice, may we
be allowed to make a suggestion in reference
to this order?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Certainly.
Mr. EVARTS. The amendment offered
and accepted places, I suppose, tho proper re-
striction upon the arguments to be furnished
in print oil the part of the Managers. That
puts the matter in proper shape, I suppose, as
regards the printed briefs that may be put in
on the part of the Managers; that is to say,
that they shall be filed before we make our re-
ply. On our part, however, it would beproDer
that we should have the liberty of filing the
briefs at any timo before the closing Manager
makes his final reply, as a part of our new
briefs may be in reply to the new briefs that
are put in on the part of the prosecution.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President
and Senators, I desire to say, in regard to the
remark which has just been made by the hon-
orable gentleman on behalf of the accused, that
it would seem, if tho order be entered as he
suggests, that additional arguments made by
counsel on behalf of the President need not be
filed until the close of the arguments on behalf
of the accused made orally to the Senate, the
repliant on behalf of the Congress of the United
States and of the people would have no oppor-
tunity to see those arguments not delivered, and
therefore could not reply to them. I would
suggest that the order as it stands is right. It
gives the counsel for the President the oppor-
tunity to review what may be filed before they
argue, and it gives the counsel for the people
the opportunity to review before he argues
whatever may b.e filed here on behalf of the
President.
