THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I.move to
lay the motion on the table.
The SPEAKER. Does thegentleman from
Ohio surrender the floor?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not. I call Ihepre-
vions question on the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
speak after that.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not desire to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.-
Mr. EMOT. I desire to asli a parliament-
ary question : whether the result of the motion,
if carried, will not be to open to amendment the
last clause of the resolution. I think it was not
understood by many who voted in favor of it.
The SPEAKER. If the motion to lay on
the table the motion to reconsider prevails, the
bill 'will then stand as it passed and will be sent
totheSenate. If it should not prevail, and the
House should then reconsider the third read-
ing of the bill, it would then be open to amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. If the Ken-
tleman will agree to allow me to make the
motion on the third reading I will withdraw it
now.
Mr. BINGHAM. It will amount to-the same
thing.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. No, it will
leave the bill open to amendment.
Mr. BINGIIAM. 1 cannot make any agree-
ment, about it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. 1 then
insist on the motion.
The question being put and appearing to be
carried,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 45, nays 8(5, not voting
58 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Belos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Cake, Cary. Cobb, Eokley,
Eidnd^e, Glossbrenner, Gollad:iy, Gr;ivoly, Uotch-
kiss, Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr. Kitchen, Lo-
gan, .MoOoraiick, Moore, Morrell, Alunsen, Myers,
Nicholson, O'Neill, Paine. Pinyn, Randall, Rob-
inson, Kehenck, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Tuaddous Stevens, Stownrt, Stokes, Stone, Tabor,
'Thomas, John Trimble, Twiehell, liobcrt T. Van
Horn, Van Trump, llemy D. Washburn, and Wood-
■wit,rd~45.
NAYS — Messrs, Allison, Bailey, Baker, Beaman,
Scatty, Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine,
Blair, Botttwell, Broonutll, Buekland, Butler, Chan-
ler, Oh uichill, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Co-
hum, Cook, Cornell, Oovode, Dawes, Dolano, Dixon,
Donnelly, Prigprs, EgirleHon. Kb, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Ferry, fields, Ketz, tlaight, Halsey, Hardinp, 11 ;i'.v-
kin-<, i-iiffby, Hill, tlulburd, Jctickes, Judd, Julian,
Kul.sey, Ketchain, Knoit, Koontz. Loan, Loughi'idgc,
Iviai vm, Maynard, McCarthy, McClurg,McCulloush.
iMeicur, Muurtiead. Mullms, Kewcomb, Peters, Pike,
Vile, Plants, Polsley, Price, itobertfon. Sawyer,
Scolield, Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens, Xafle, '.La1.1ur,
Lavvrenco S. Trimble, Trowbiidge, Upson, Van
Aortiam, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Kiihu B. Washburno, William B, Washburn,
Welker, Thomas Wiliiains, William Williams, and
James F. Wilson—86.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Am'1?, Arnril, Ax-
tell, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Barnuin, Boyer, Brom-
well. Brooks, Burr, Oullom, Dod^e, Ferriss, i'liiney,
Fox, U irliuld, Griswold, Grover, llolman, Hooper,
Hopkins, Asabel W. Hubbard, Chester I).Ilubbard,
Richard 1). Hubbard. Hunter, Ingersoll, Jones,
Kelley, Latlin, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Lynch, Mallory, -Marshall, ,MiUer,
Morrissov, Niblack, Sunn, Ortli, Perliam, Phelps,
Poland, Pomeroy, Kaum, lioss, Selye, Sheliatjar^er,
Sit^reavcs', Van Aukeri, Bait Van Hoin, John T.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wirulom, Wood, and ;
Woodbiidge—68.
So the House refused to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The question recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question on the motion
to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; being upon the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. On that
question I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken ; and the motion to
reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred on the passage of the
joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lias been re-
quested by the committee of clerks in the vari-
ous Departments to state to the House that the
applause at the passage of the joint, resolution
a few days since was disapproved by them and
by the clerks generally,, and they wished the
Speaker to state this, fearing that it might have
prejudiced them in the eyes of the House.
Mr. BIKGHAM. I now move to lay the
joint resolution on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Will the
gentleman from Ohio withdraw that motion to
allow me to enter a motion to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time, so that
it may be amended.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot, for the reason
that .the amendments would not improve it.
" Mr, MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio that it would be only fair to let
the gentleman, who has charge of the joint res-
olution, have an opportunity to suggest what
amendments he desires.
Mr. MULLINS. 1 object.
Mr. RANDALL. Then let us vote down
tlie motion to lay on the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 insist on my motion.
'The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. If this
motion is defeated, will the joint resolution be
open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. A motion can he made
to reconsider tlie third readiug, and if that
prevails the joint resolution will be amend-
able.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Then it
will be amendable if this motion is lost?
The SPEAKER. It will be if the third
reading is reconsidered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas G8, nays CI, not vot-
ing 07: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Bailey, Baker, Beaman,
Beatty, Benjamin, Beuton, Bingham, Blaine, Bout-
well, Broomall, Buckland, Butler, Chuiehill, Render
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Cornell,
Covodc, Dawes. Delano,KKgleston. Ela. Perry, Fields,
Get/., iluijxht, lialsey. Harding, Hawkins, Hill, IIul~
bind, Judd, Kelsej-, Kctc.iiam, Koontz, LoughridSC,
Marvin, Maynai'd, McCarthy, McClursr, Mercnr,
MuUintf, Kewcomb, Peters, Pike, PoUley, Price, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Scolield, Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens,
Taylor, Trowbridge, Ups-on, Van Acrnaro, Van Wyck,
Ward, Oadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams. William Williams, James F. WiLon, and
John '1'. Wilson—08.
jN'AYS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Jauies JM. Ashley,Bock, Blair, (Jake, Gary, Cobb,
iJixon, Donnelly, Drij^s, Eckloy, Bldndgc, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Giavely, Gro-
ver, Ilipby, Jlotehkiss, Jenckes, Johnson, Kerr,
Kitchen, Knott, Loan. Logan, Mallory, McCormick,
iMcCullouf:li, .Moore, Moorhead, Moirell, Mungen,
Myers-, Niblack, Nicholson. O'Neill, Paine, Plants,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall, llobinson, Scbenck, Shei-
la barker, Spalding, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens,
St'-wnrt, Stokes, Stone, Taber, Tafi'e, 'iliomas. John
Tumble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Twiehell, PvobeitT.
Van Houi, Van Tiump, Henry D. Washburn, and
Woodward—lit. •
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Ames, Arnell,
Axtoll. Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Barnuin, Boyer,
Bromwell, Brooks, Burr, Chanter, Cullorn. Dodge,
Ferriss, Finney, Fox, Gariield. (iriswoid. iioiman.
Hooper. Hopkins, Asaliel W. Hubbard, Chester i).
}inbbard, Rachard D. Hubbaid, ttumphiey, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Jones, Julian, Kelley, Latlin, Geortre V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln,Lynch.Mar-
sh ail, At tiler. Morrissey. Nunn, Or lb, Perliam, Phelps,
Pile, Poland, Ramn, Ro^-\ Selye, Sit^roaves, Smith,
Von Aukcn, Bint Van Horn, Stephen F. Wilson,
Wuiuoin, Wood, and Woodbridge—57.
So the joint resolution was laid on the table.
- Mr. BINGIIAM. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was laid
on the table; and I also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN of Indiana, and Mr. ROB-
INSON, called for the yeas and nays on the
motion to lay the motion to reconsider ou the
table.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and upon a division there were
twenty-seven in the affirmative.
So (the affiimative being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question waa then taken: and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 57,
not voting o'J; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Allison, Bailey, Baker, Bw'Mn,
Beatty. Benjamin, Benton, Bnignam, Blaiue. Bout-
well, Broomall, Buckland, Reader Vv. Clarke, Co-
burn,Cook, Cornel), Covode, Cullom, Ibiwes,Delano,
Donnelly, Eggleston, Lla, Iorriss, -Uerry, i
Gera, Haight, llalsey, Harding, Hawkins, Hill, Hal-
bard, Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Ketcham, Koonti, Loan,
Loughridge, Marvin Mayiiard, McCarthy M<.Clurg,
Mercur, JMoorhoad, Mujlins, IN cwcouib, irottrs, .riice.
Pile, Plants, Polsley, Piice, Robertson, Sawyer, Seo-
liold. Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens, WKr- 4™^"'
Upsou, Van Aern.tm, Van Wyck, Ward, Lliliu ii.
W.ishburne, William B. Washburn,
Williams. William Williams, James t. Wilson, and
John X. Wilson—73. „ , ,
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Dclos K. Ash-
ley, Beck. Biair, Cake, Cary. Chanier, Cobb, iiixon,
Driggs, Kckley. Eidndge, Kiiot,
breuner, GoJiaday, GraveJy, (*ro\ or, Xii^b>, Hotcn-
kiSvS, Jonckes, .Johnson. Kitchen, Knott, Logan,Mai-
lory, McOormick, MeCullouffh, Morrel), >lungen,
Myers,Niblack, Nicholson, Pame, Pomeroy,
Piuyn, Randall, llobinson, fc>chenckr toheliab:irp;r,
iSinith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart, fctokes.
Stone, Taber, Taffe, Thomas, John Trimble, Law-,
renceS. Trimble,TwioheU, Robert T. v an Horn, \ an
Trump, Henry T). Washburn, and Woodward—ot.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Aines, Arnell,
James M. Ashley. Axteli, Baldwin, Bauk.s Bariies,
Barnum, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, Burr, Butler,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Bodge, kinney, iox, tfar-
field, Gnswold, iioiman, Hooper, liopiiins, Asaaei
W. Hubbaid, Chester D.Hubbard, liichard B. Hub-
bard, Huiw]>hrpy, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jones, Iveliey,
Kerr, Lallm, George V. Lawrence, V/illiam Law-
rence, Lincoln. Lynch, Marshall, JVhiler, Moore, ^lor-
ri«sey, Nunn, Orth, Perham, PlieJps, Poland, Raum,
Iloss, Selye,  Sitgreaves, Thaddeus Stevens, V'an Au-
ken, Burt Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Wood-
bridge—.^.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
GREAT AND LITTLE OSAGE INDIANS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I have been
instructed by the Committee ou Indian A^^s,
who are instructed to report at any time not
in the morning hour, to submit a report I'or
action at this lime. 1 ask that the report be
read.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was
referred the message of tiie President ot the United
States and accompanying documents relating to a
treaty lately made by the United States with the
Great and Little Osage Indians, report as i i.ovy&;
It appeal^ i'rom intormation beiore the committee
that the treaty was prepared in Washington oeioro
the session of the eouneii with the Usages, and that
its terms were agreed upon by various parties m
iuteresi betoresubmission to the Indiana. The treaty,
in substance, relinquishes by the said U^age Indians
an exceedingly valuable tract of land lying in south-
ern Kansas, amounting to eight million acres. Ifc
does not provide lor the retrocession ol the said lands
to the United States, but transiers the same to a
railway company, known as the Leavenwoitli, Law-
reueo, and Galveston Itailroad Company, at a price
per acre of about nineteen cents, it traiisiera said
hinds upon said terms, with the condition tnat said
company snail pay to the Secretary ot tlie Interior
withvn three months from the date of the ratification
ot the said tieaty t.y the Senate of the United Scates
SlOiJ.uOO to the use and tor the benehr ot the said
Osage Indians. The balance ol tnegl.tiuu.OOO, tiie price
oi sa.d i.mds, ia made payame in annual installments
ol ^100,000 per annura, together witii intercut at uve
per cent, per annum, secured onlvby the oend ot rho
railroad company, and not even made a nior gage oa
the road.
Xo piovision is made in this treaty for the protce-
tion oi the settlers upon tliat rxmion of the ceded
lands known as tlie dim nisiied re.-erye, ot whom it
aiipcars there is a lurge auiaDcr, but thev jre leit
wholly to bo dealt with according to the meivy or
cupidity ot the parties controlling said railway Of
thososettlers upon auotheruortionot the hmdi ceded,
Known as the U^a^e trust lauds, compiu-m-; aOout,
tnreo million two hundred tWi>au<l acies, ^uon as
occupied a square quarter ?ection,, at the tune of
ttie uate ot the treaty, arc allowed one hundred and
sixty acres, including their improvements, at tue
trovtfrmuont price. lna>mueu as the^e lands were
only leuentty surveyed, n follows, upon the testi-
mony ot reliable wit e.-ses, tnat nearly all of these
settleis will be excluded Irom *he benefits of the pro-
viso bocaus-e veiy lew have located upon "sciuuro
Quarter sections ' as surveyed.
It is al&o in evidence that other propositions more
tavoraOle to the Indians, the settiers, and the UmU d
fetateswere submitted to the Uomjii>sioner, but w.ub
vvithheid from the Indians by them and mused con-
sideration. The following propositions were sub-
mitted to the commissioners by uie Mis^oun, ifort
ocutt, and feanta ie liailroad Company:
lint. A purchase of all their Km(N for «nitl ro-irf -if-
$2.000,m, $100,000 to be paid in nmety days irom the
raulication ot the treaty by the Senate ot ttie United
fh^f^er payment, at tuerate of ??]00,u00
pel year until the whole purchase rnnney is pnid.the
whole to bear interest at the rate ol live per cent. per
n"atAilTpaWeratU1CaU°UaI1<li,rumu,sation oi tke
Second. Quo hundred and sixty acres of land se-
