1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at six o'clock and twenty-seven
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC. .
The following petitions, &e., w£re presented
under the rule, and referred to^the appropriate
committees: ^
By Mr. COBURN : A memorial of the mem-
bers of Post No. 1, Grand Amy of the lie-
public, district of Indiana, asking that a
bronze medal be presented by the United States
to each honorably discharged soldierand sailor
and officer of the Army and Navy in the war
of the rebellion.
By Mr. FIELDS : The petition of Andrew
Bradbury, of Chenango county, New York,
executor of the last will and testament of
Sophia Tvvichell, deceased, asking an appro-
priation to pay the balances due on bonds
issued by the State of California for expenses in-
curred in the suppression of Indian hostilities.
By Mr. GARFIELD : The petition of citi-
zens of Ashtabula county, ©hio, asking that
the tax on petroleum be removed.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: The
remonstrance of sundry citizens of Connecticut
against the passage of a law requiring tax-
stamps on cigars.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of James
A. Bell and others, of Jefferson county, New
York, in favor of an appropriation to improve
the navigation of Black river, New York.
By Mr. LINCOLN : The petition of citizens
of Broome county, New York, asking the
removal of the tax on refined petroleum.
By Mr. MARVIN: Two memorials from
officers ard privates of the United States vol-
unteer forces of the war of the rebellion, in
support of the memorial prepared by the Union
League Club of New York, praying Congress
to commemorate the preservation of the Amer-
ican Union by causing medals to be given to
every soldier and sailor who served during the
war, and also to the children of those who
were killed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 1, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. James J. Kane, of Brook-
lyn, New York.
IMPEACHMENT Of TIIE PRESIDENT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
orders of the Senate, nothing remains but for
the chair to be vacated that the Chief Justice
may preside over the trial of the impeachment.
The Presidentjpro tempore thereupon vacated
the chair, and the Senate proceeded to the trial
of the impeachment of President Johnson.
The Senate sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the chair
at ten minutes past five o'clock p. m.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to Senators to
allow a short executive session, for a minute,
on a matter of public business which I cannot
speak of here.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; I withdraw the
motion.
The motion of Mr. Sherman was agreed to ;
and after some time spent in executive session,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, April 1, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntqs,
" The SPEAKER stated that as the hour had
Wived at which the House, by its order, pro-
ceeded to the bar of the Senate, the reading
of the Journal would be dispensed with if there
should be no objection.
There was no objection : and it was ordered
accordingly.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Upson
indefinitely.
IMPEACHMENT OF THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER. Thehouroftwelveo'cloek
has now arrived, and the House resolves itself
into the Committee of the Whole, according to
order, to proceed to the bar of the Senate, fol-
lowing the managers and preceded by the chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole, who will
be attended by the Clerk and acting Door-
keeper.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole, in obedience to
the order, and proceeded to the bar of the
Senate.
At five o'clock and thirteen minutes p. m. the
Committee of the Whole returned to the Hall,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the man-
agers to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a
court of impeachment for the trial of Andrew
Johnson; progress has been made in the trial,
and the Senate sitting as a court of impeach-
ment has adjourned until twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
LEAVE Of ABSENCE,
Leave of absence was granted for ten days
each to Mr. Pomeroy, Mr. Laflin, Mr. Arxell,
and Mr. Driggs.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at five o'clock and fifteen minutes
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER : The petition of citizens
of Live Oak, Medina, Kendall, and Bexar
counties, Texas, for a division of said State.
Also, the petition of Dr. R. E. Shryoek, of
Rochester, Indiana, for a pension to John
Power, a soldier of the war of 1812.
Also, the petition of W. A. B. Murphy, of
Marion, McDowell county, North Carolina, for
the removal of political disabilities from C. S.
S. Carpening, for participation in the late
rebellion.
Also, the remonstrance of S. S. Schutz and
others, German citizens of Boston, Massachu-
setts, against any interference upon the part
of German citizens of the United States with
the impeachment of the President of the Uni-
ted States.
By Mr. BALDWIN : Forty petitions of au-
thors and others for an international copyright
law.
By Mr. KITCHEN : The petition of E. G.
Pendleton, a citizen of Martinsburg, Berke-
ley county, West Virginia, asking that his
name be placed on the pension-roll.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 2, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. A. D. Gillette, D. D., of
Washington.
IMPEACHMENT OF THE PRESIDENT.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. A.s no legis-
lative business is in order, the chair will be
vacated, that the Chief Justice may preside over
the impeachment.
The President .pro tempore thereupon vacated
the chair, and the Senate proceeded to the trial
of the impeachment of President Johnson.
The Senate, sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment, having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the
chair at three minutes past five o'clock p. m.
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES.
Several executive messages were received
from the President of the United States, by
Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary.
ADMISSION TO IMPEACHMENT TItlAL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to call up the
motion I submitted the other day, and I pro-
pose to modify it in the form in which I send
it to the chair; and I hope we shall have a
vote without debate.
The PRESIDENT pre tempore. The reso-
lution of the Senator from Ohio, as modified,
will be read.
The Secretary read as follows-:
Ordered, That after to-morrow the order of the
15th of March altimo, relative to admission to the
gallery, be suspended until turther order; and that
the Serjeant-at-Arms of the Senate shall take spe-
cial care that order shall be observed in the galle-
ries daring the trial of the impeachment now pend-
ing, and he is hereby authorized to arrest and bring
before the Senate any person who violates the orders
of the Senate; and he shall take effective measures
to secure admission to the diplomatic gallery, the
ladies' gallery, and the reporters' gallery, to those
only who are entitled to admission thereto under
the rules.
Mr. HOWARD. From what time is that to
take effect ?
Mr. SHERMAN. After to-morrow,
Mr. RAMSEY. Why not make it apply
after to-day?
Mr. SHERMAN. Tickets for to-morrow
are already out.
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt the expediency of
making the change as broadly as is proposed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us try it for a day or
two.
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to suggest an
amendment that this should bo tried on alter-
natedays. ["Oh,no."] On one daylet the gal-
leries be opened as they have been usually, and
then, on the other day, try the ticket system.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the people who come
here do not behave themselves as well as the
ladies and gentlemen who have attended our
sittings I shall be perfectly willing to go back
to the present system; but let us try the tree
system for a while.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I hope that the
rule will not be altered at all. The rule we
have is a good one and it operates well. We
have ordei; and quiet, which we shall not have
if we change it. All we can do is to have the
galleries filled by the public, and they are filled
now under the present rule. The distribution
of tickets is equal; the Representatives and
Senators have an opportunity of making that
distribution as equal as possible; so that it is
much more just to the public than that only
those should get here who are willing to come
and stay three or four hours or make a rush
to get in. So, as to the rights of the public,
they are not infringed upon at all by the
present rule. And when we have a rule which
has been adopted and which operates well,
has been tested, I think there is great impro-
priety in departing from it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to: there being on
a division—ayes 18, noes 15 ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 2, 1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The SPEAKER. The Journal of yester-
day's proceedings being only a record of the
meeting and adjournment of the House, its
reading will be dispensed with if there be no
objection.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. \ an
Trump for ten days ; and to Mr. Garfield, Mr.
McCarthy, Mr. Hill, Mr. Mookhead, Mr,
Dawes, and Mr. Loughridge indefinitely.
MISSOURI CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. McCLURG, from the Committee of
Elections, presented the minority report in tn$
