1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cured, free of cost, to every half-breed Osage, male
and female, oyer twenty-one years of age, who may
ciesue to remain on said lauds and become a citizen
of the Limed States.
Third. One hundred and sixty acres secured to such
settleis who may be on any portion of said lands at
the date of said treaty, at $1 25 per acre, being Gov-
ernment price therefor.
Fourth. Every .sixteenth section of said lands to be
donated to the State of Kansas for the endowment
ol her public tchools. '
Fifth. The interest of said purchase money to be
paid semi-annually, and disposed of in the treaty in
a manner satisfactory to the Indians, and so as to
promote ihei' beat interests.
Sixth. Patents to issue to said company for said
lands only in proportion to the amount actually paid.
<Seventh. Said principal and interest to be paid by
said raihoad company to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and the interest disbursed to the-Indians by
lum, thioagh the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
This proposal was accompanied by the tender of a
reasonable guarantee lor the fulfillment by the said
company ot their part ot the proposed compact, and
w * peremptorily dismissed by the commission. It
wiii be seen ttiat their refusal to submit these or any
other propositions to the Indians indicates a singular
bias in favor ot the parties who by the terms of this
treaty obtain these lands at nearly half a million
dollars less than the sum offered in the above pro-
positi.
It al-'o appears that the State of Kansas is entitled
by the icrm> ol the act admitting that State into the
Union ro the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections m
each township of surveyed public l«nds to accrue to
the peimanent school fund of that State; that inlieu
of .vud sections the State is guarantied an equivalent
there!.>r; that a large portion of the State has been
taken out of the operation of this beneficial provis-
ion ior schools by the numerous Indian leservations
therein; that in the disposition heretofore made of
these reservations no equivalent has been granted
the State for the said Sections: that at the session of
the said Osage council, while deliberating upon the
terms of this treaty, the State superintendent of pub-
lic instruction for Kansas applied to the said com-
missioners to obtain some provision among the vari-
ous terms of the pending treaty for the school fund
of the State—representing that the lands proposed
to be grnntcd trie Leavenworth. Lawrence, and Gal-
veston Railroad Company comprised fully one sixth
of the whole State,and should contributetheir equal
share lo the permanent school fund, in accordance
with the' plan upon which public lands in Kansas
weie disposed ot by the actof admission. It appears
that ho was refused in this reasonable prayer.
It further appears that the said Leavenworth, Law-
rence,and Galveston llailroad Company, according
to thoirsurvey, do not contemplate constructing their
road upon or across these lands; that the said lands are
amply sufficient in value to richly endow two or three
roads if ju&tly appropriated and disposed of; that
upward of one halt thereof are rich and valuable
lands, and such *s would readily sell to actuaisettlers
at or more than 61 25 per acre.
There arc also charges before your committee that
the O.-ages were improperly influenced to consent to
the signing of said treaty ; that they were very reluc-
tant to execute it: aud that at no time before or since
its execution were they satUficd to sell their lands at
such a price or upon such securities.
It appears to your committee that the system of
barreling immense tracts of Indian lands to railway
companies or private parties, without protection to
the settlers, and by methods calculated to bar the
advance of civilization, or in any way, except by abso-
lute cession to the United States, is toounreasonable
to merit serious thought, and if such lands are to be
made available lor works ot public improvement
they should so be disposed as to give full protection
to present and prospective settleis, and should accrue
to the use and benefit of all the roads that they will
reasonably endow.
Yourcoiamittee therefore concludethatsaid treaty
is in violation of'the rights of the settlers and ofjus-
tice^to the Indians': thai it is unjust to the tax-payers
of Kansas, because it places in the power of a corpo-
ration the means to prevent the speedy settlement
of about one sixth of the State; that it is unjust to
the State of Kansas, in that it ignores the school in-
terests as guarded by the act of admission, and oper-
ates injuriously upon the prospective growth and
settlement thereof; that it is unjust to the nation,
becau-e the lands granted are sufficient to endow
vaiious roads, and are ample to secure the building
of the whole line from Fort Leavenworth to Galves-
ton bay; that it is destructive of the railroad system
of Missouri and Kansas, and while ot no benefit or
advantage to the Government, it accomplishes no
result except to extravagantly enrich the persons
controlling the company in whose interest it was
ex cuted.
App -ndrd to this report are respectfully submitted
a protocol the Governor, secretary of State, auditor
ol State, State treasuicr, attorney general, and su-
pciinrent of public instruction of the State of Kan-
sas. m "iked A. Also the affidavit of Z.R. Overman,
a representative of the settlers upon the lands sold,
rn.uked B; affidavit of Solomon Markham, alsp rep-
r< s  utiug the settlers, marked C; affidavit ot General
Oh tries W. Blair, marked D; affidavit of George H.
Hoyt, marked E; together with a copy of the pro-
visions oi said treaty. .
The committee recommend the adoption of the
following resolutions, aud that copies of the same
be furnished tor the inioimation oH he Striate.
SIDNEY CLARKE.
R. T. VAN HORN,
JOHN P. C. SHANKS,
JOIIN TAFFK.
G. W. SCO HELD,
- W. MUNGEN.
Resolved, (as the sense of the House of Representa-
tives,) That the treaty concluded on the 27th of May,
18t>8, with the Great and Little Osage tribe of In-
dians, both in its express terms and stipulations, and
in the ineans employed to procure their acceptance
by the Indians,is an outrage on their rights; that,
mtransferring to a single railroad corporation eight
million acres of lands, it not only disregards the
rights and interests of other railroad corporations in
the State of Kansas, and builds up a frightful land
monopoly in defiance of the just rightsof'the settlers
and of the people of the United States, butitassumes
the authority, repeatedly denied by this House, to
dispose of those lands by treaty otherwise than by
absolute cession to the United States, and for pur-
poses for which Congress alone is competent to pro-
vide.
Jiesolved, That this House does hereby solemnly
and earnestly piotest against the ratification of said
pretended treaty by theSenate, and will feel bound
to refuse any appropriations in its behalf, or to rec-
ognize its validity in any form.
liexolwi. That a copy of the foregoing resolutions
be transmitted to the Senate of the United States.
The following are the documents accom-
panying the report;
(A.)
Executive Department,
Topeka, Kansas, June\), 1868.
To the Senate of the United Statea ;
The undersigned, executive officers of the State of
Kansas, most respectfully memorialize ^our honor-
able body against the ratification of the treaty recently
concluded with the Osage Indians, whereby they
agree to cede the lands-now held by them m this
State to the Leavenworth, Lawrence, aud Galveston
Railroad Company, on the following grounds,to wit:
1. Ihat the Usages weie induced to conclude the
treaty by threats and false representations, whereby
they were made to believe that it was the design of
the State authoiities to make war upon thorn, and
either kill them or drive them from their reservation.
2. That the price agreed to be paid is grossly in-
adequate to the value ol tuo lands; that a much
larger price was offered; that the payments are ex-
tended over a iong seriesof years; and that thefinal
consummationofthc treaty would be a flagrant rob-
bery ol the Indians.
• 3. That no provision is made in the treaty for the
benefit of schools, or in the interest of the settlers
who have gone upon the lands and made improve-
ments, but that both these interests are remitted to
the tender mercies-of speculators and monopolists.
4. That the lands thus ceded comprise nearly one
fifth of the area of the entire State, the whole of
which will be withheld from settlement and devel-
opment, cxcept upon such terms as the monopolists
may dictate.
5. Tnat the success of this fraud will tend to retard
immigration, thus militating against the best inter-
ests of the State, as well as of the country at large.
t>. That the persons who will derive the chief ben-
efits of this treaty are strangers to the State, and in
no wise identified with its interests,
7. That they believe the whole system of permitting
or eucouiaging the Indians to cede to private cor-
porations is pernicious; that m extinguishing Indian
titles the Government should become the purchaser,
permitting the settlers to proeme titles at tue mini-
mum rate, withdrawing from sale when the aggre-
gate of thepurchase-money shall have been realised,
and then allowing the preemption and homestead
laws to operate as in other cases.
For these and other reasons which might be enu-
merated, the undersigned respectfully request the
Senate to negative the treaty recently concluded
with^he-Osages, and which has been or will be sub-
mitted for their consideration.
* S. J. CRAWFORD, Governor.
R. A. BARKER,
Secretary of State.
J. R. SWALLOW.
Auditor of State.
M. ANDERSON,
State Treasurer.
GEORGE H. HOYT,
Attorney General.
P.McVICAR,
Superintendent Public Instruction.
The foregoing is a true copy, furnished at the re-
quest of Hon. Sidney Clakkk.
District of Columbia, 8ft:
Z. R. 0 verman, of lawful age, first being duly sworn,
deposes and says he is a citizen of the State oi Kan-
sas, and resides upon a portion of the lands known
as the diminished reserve of the Great and Little
Usages; that he was selected by the settlers upon the
said reserveand by thesettlers upon the lands known
as the Osage trust lands to attend a council there-
after to he held between the representatives of the
several bands of the Great and Little Osage Indians
and certain commissioners of the United States for
the purpose of effectuating a treaty between the said
Indians and the United States; that th*said council
was held in the month of May last, and a treaty was
signed by the chiefs and head men of the said tribe
and the commissioners of the United States on or
about the 27th day of May last; that prior to and at
the signing of said treaty affiant was in attendance
upon the sessions of the said council; that he is per-
sonally well acquainted with the chiefs, head men,
and braves of the said bands; that the commissioners
of the United States produced at said council a draft
of a treaty already prepared, being the same treaty
in form and substance afterward executed by the
parties respectively, and which is now pending the i
action of the Senate of the United States.  
Affiantfnrtber deposes and says that it was evident
from the liearingof thesaid commissioners,and frota
their proceedings at the said council, that they in-
tended to make the said treaty exclusively for the
benefit and in the interestof the Leavenworth, Law-
?wmCi®' auo ^dveston railroad, represented by one
WiJham Sfcurges, of Chicago, and disregarding the
rights of the settlers, the rights of the Indians, of
other railroads, and the State of Kausas; that the
said commissioners claimed that the said treaty was
agreed upon in Washington before ths session of the
council, and could only p^ss and be ratified by the
Senate of the United States as drawn and presented.
A 111 ant further says that the said Indians did not
want to sell their lands: did not want to sell to a rail-
road company, but to the Government of the United
States it forced to pait with them, or otherwise, to
parties making ihe best and highest bid for the
lands: that the sessions of the council were secret,
and white men were excluded therefrom unless at-
tached or belonging to the party of the said com-
missioners; that the Indians wanted certa&i white
men for counsel present at the conferences, but were
refused unless they would take such counsel as were
assigned them by the commissioners; that Professor
P. McVickar, superintendent of public instruction
for the State of Kansas, applied to the said commis-
sioners to haveceitain lands m each township set
apart to the permanent school fund of the State, as
guarantied to the State of Kansas in the act of ad-
mission, and the said commissioners wholly refund
to allow said lands, or any equivalent therefor, to bo
so devoted to the State.
And affiant further says that the Indians of the
said tribe of Great and Little Osages complain thai
they were forced to sign the s.nd treaty by threats
that the United States would withdraw its protection
from them, and that their presents, gifts, or annuities
would be withheld from them, and by divers other
intimidations and influences, and that if they had
not so been influenced they would not have signed
the said treaty, and are still and remain greatly dis-
satisfied; that there is a large population of white
settlers upon both the diminished reserve and the
trust lands of the said Usages; that these settlers
entered upon the said lands with the full knowledge
and voluntary consent in writing of the chiefs and
head men of the said Indians; that there has been no
survey ot the diminished reserve, and that the trust
lands havo only been recently surveyed ; that very
few of the settlers upon the trust lands are located
"on a square quarter section " as surveyed, and con-
sequently get one hundred and sixty acres, including
their improvements, at Government pi ice; that no
protection was piouiised or guarantied in any form
to the balance of the settlers upon cither the trust
lands or the^ diminished reserve; that fully half of
the eight million acres included in the said lands
bartered by the terms of the said treaty to the Leav-
enworth, Lawrence, and Galveston railroad—con-
trolled by the said William Sturges—are first class
and very valuable lands, fully equal to the best lands
in'Kansas: that the settlers thereupon are willing
to pay &1 25per acre for the said lands: that afuant
fully believes from the number of settlers already
locating upon said lauds that lour million acres of
said lands could be disposed of by the Govcrnmont
of the United States within four years from she date
hereof. Z. R. OVERMAN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this the lGth
day of June, E. M. CllAPIN,
Justice of ihe Peace.
(C.)
District of Columbia, sn ;
Solomon Markham, of lawful age, being duly
sworn, deposes and says that heis a citizen of Kansas,
and resides near the Catholic Mission, so called, in
Neosho county, Kansas, and upon lands lately be-
longing to the reservation of the Great and Little
Osage Indians ; that he was sent by the settlers upon
the Osage lands to the city of Washington to secure
through the Congress of the United States a sale of
such lands transferred or receded to the United States
or other parties by# the said Osagcs to the settlers
upon said lands on just and reasonable terms; that
the late treaty executed on Dium Creek, in Osage
county, by certain commissioners of the United States
with the said Osage Indians is a fraud upon tiiQ
people of Kansas and the whole country; that the
said treaty works deep injustice to a large number
of worthy and industrious people who have located
their homes and families upon thesaid lands.forthe
following among other reasons,namely : bccauscthe
said settlers are left to the meicy of the parties con-
trolling the Leavenworth. Lawrence, and Galveston
Raihoad Company for the location, amount, and
price of their lands; that no guarantees are given
them that any railway wilL be constructed through
or upon said lands or any portion thereof; that the
Osagcs had agreed and were willing to sell their lands
to the Government so that the Government might
disposcof thsm toactual settlers upon terwsjustaad
reasonable; that no part of said lands were set apart
to the permanent school fund of the State, in accoid-
ance with the plan upon which Kansas was admit-
ted. And affiant says tbat more than one halt of
the eight million acres bartered away by the terms
of this treaty to the railroad owned or controlled oy
Mr. William Sturges, of Chicago, are valuable lands
equal to any in tiie United States, and ought not to
be put in title and possession of any man; that
within four years, if thiown open to actual settle-
ment, every acre would be disposed of easily attue
price of $1 25; that the proceeds of the upon
any just and reasonable method would build tiuee
railways instead of one, as proposed m tins
that affiant is informed and believes that the sale ot
these lands ostensibly to the Leavenworth, L.twrcnee,
