2234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
case of Switzler against Anderson; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed
with the majority report in the same case.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before the
House proceeds, Mr. Speaker, to the bar of the
Senate I wish to submit a proposition, to which,
I think, there will be no objection. I move,
by unanimous consent, that, unless the Speaker
shall intimate there will be business to be trans-
acted after the adjournment of the Senate sit-
ting for the trial of the President,, it shall be
the understanding that nothing shall be done,
so that members shall not feel themselves
obliged to remain here hour after hour wait-
ing the return of the House from the Senate.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. When and how shall the
Speaker give us such intimation ? Shall it be
in the morning?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir;
in the morning, before the House proceeds to
the Senate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think that entirely
agreeable, provided we have the intimation in
the morning before the House proceeds to the
Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I_ should
have stated that, for such is my proposition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois proposes that unless the Speaker, or some
member of the House, shall notify the House,
before it proceeds to the Senate, that business
shall be taken up, it shall be the understand-
ing that no business shall be transacted that
day.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I should
prefer to have it limited, for as the Speaker
states the proposition any member of the
House might, I will not say officiously, slate
that he wanted to call up business and compel
the members to remain in constant attendance
as at present. I want it left to the Speaker to
make the intimation each morning.
The SPEAKER. It will be limited to the
Speaker, unless otherwise ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope that proposition
will be adopted.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
order of procedure.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to what I believe to
be a question of order. It seems to be the
object of the House in proceeding each day to
the bar of the Senate to try to make an im-
pression upon the Senate and the country. I
suppose that everything appertaining to the
matter of impeachment is to be considered as
a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The House has resolved
that each day at twelve o'clock the House will
proceed to the bar of the Senate. If the gen-
tleman gives notice that he has a motion to
submit after the return of the House this after-
noon the Chair will so notify members.
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to give notice that
at some time I shall move that the Clerk of
this House shall provide, to be paid for out of
the contingent fund, for some kind of uniform
or badge of honor or red feather for the chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole to wear
when he goes to the Senate. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Indiana is serious in giving notice that business
may be expected on the return of the House
from the.Senate the Chair, in accordancc with
the order of the House, will now give such in-
timation.
Several Members. Oh, no 1
T he SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Indiana does not give notice that any business
may be expected this afternoon on the return
of the House from the Senate.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not give any such
notice if it will make any session this even-
ing. What I desired was to have the propo-
sition considered now. I think, however, our
chairman ought to have something to distin-
guish him from the rest of us as he marches
at the head of the House to the bar of the
Senate. Besides, I am sure he would be more
impressive.
wisconsin river valley railroad.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of the Legislature of
tho State of Wisconsin, praying for a grant of
land to aid in the construction of the Wiscon-
sin River Valley railroad ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
bridge at council bluffs.
Mr. LOUGIIRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the preamble and joint reso-
lutions of the State of Iowa, relative to the
construction of a drawbridge across the Mis-
souri river at Council Bluffs; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and ordered to be printed.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
has now arrived, and the House resolves itself
into the Committee of the Whole, according to
order, to proceed to the bar of the Senate,
following the managers and preceded by the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole, who
will be attended by the Clerk and acting Door-
keeper.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole, in obedience to
the order, and proceeded to the bar of the
Senate.
Atfive o'clock and three minutes p. m. the
Committee of the Whole returned to the Hall,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended tho man-
agers to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court
of impeachment for the trial of Andrew John-
son ; progress has been made in the trial, and
the Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment,
has adjourned until twelve o'clock to-morrow.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at five o'clock and five minutes p.
m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to tho appropriate com-
mittee:
By Mr. MYERS : The petition of citizens
of Maryland, for the passage of House bill No.
470, to incorporate the Washington and Mary-
land Railroad Company.
IN SENATE.
Piuday, April 3, 18G8.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
impeachment oe the president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As no
legislative business is in order, the chair will be
vacated that the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court may preside over the Senate organized
for the trial of the impeachment.
The President pro tempore thereupon vacated
the chair, and the Senate proceeded to the trial
of the impeachment of President Johnson.
The Senate, sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment, having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the
chair at five o'clock and eight minutes p. m.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Mooke, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had, on the
30th of March, signed the following bills and
joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 350) to amend an act entitled
"An aet to provide for the prompt settlement
of public accounts," approved March 3, 1817:
A bill (S. No. 4) for the relief of William
Shunk ;
A bill (S. No. 108) for the relief of Henry
Greathouse and Samuel Kelley; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 122) for the
relief of the heirs of Major A. L. Brewer, late
a paymaster in the United States Army.
reporter of associated press.
Mr. ANTHONY. I mov^that the Senate
take up the order which I offered the other day
authoriziac the Presiding Officer to assign a
place on t s floor to t)*e reporter of the Asso-
ciated Presa
Mr. CONNESSf I hope not.
The PRESSING OFFICER. The pro-
posed resolution will be read.
The Secretary read the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Anthony on the 25th of
March:
Resolved, That the Presiding Officer be authorized
to admit to a seat on the floor the reporter of tho
New York Associated Press during tho trial of the
impeachment.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution which has
been read.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I moved an
adjournment because I am exceedingly op-
posed to the or3er which is proposed to be
adopted. I do not think the Senate ought to
grant the permission to the reporter of the
Associated Press, which is asked for by the
Senator from Rhode Island, and moved for in
his order. The Associated Press is repre-
sented by its reporters in many other legislative
and deliberative bodies besides the Congress
of the United States, and the reports of the
Associated Press from many other deliberative
bodies have been and are systematic libels
upon the principles, the policy, and the con-
duct of the friends of the majority in this body.
The agents of the Associated Press, reporting
the deliberations of constitutional conventions
now sitting and heretofore sitting in many of
the States, have systematically libeled those
conventions and their members, and unless
those who have the control of that institution
shall prevent such reports as have emanated
from those agents I think we ought not,1 in
justice to ourselves and the principles and
policy that we represent, to permit an agent
of that association upon the floor of this Sen-
ate on the present occasion.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I am
somewhat surprised at the statement made by
the honorable Senator from Connecticut; but
I am still more surprised by the application he
makes of that statement. This is not a ques-
tion of favoritism to the Associated Press.
Mr. HOWARD. Entirely so.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon of the
Senator. My constituents are compelled to
rely upon the reports of the Associated Press,
be those reports better or worse, for the in-
formation they get from day to day touching
this trial. Now, sir, what is this proposition,
and what are the circumstances that gave rise
to it? We sit here in this Senate Chamber,
limited as its dimensions are, and we com-
mence by tho adoption of a rule which excludes
from it everybody except that select few to
whom tickets are given. The trial goes on,
and the reporter of the Associated Press occu-
pies a place in the gallery from which we are
informed it is impossible for him to catch from
the mouths of witnesses, only half audible as
they are, many answers that "are given. And
then, when a proposition is made that this re-
porter be permitted to draw so near the wit-
nesses that he can truly and fullv give to that
great public which reads the eight hundred
and forty papers, supplied, as I am told by the
Associated Press, the question is raised whether
some other reporter in some other place, con-
nected with this association, has given or has
not given a fair and truthful statement of the
proceedings which there took place.
"Ow, I submit with great deference to the
Senator from Michigan, who says that this
is a matter of favoritism, that, if it be, it is
favoritism to the whole people of the State of
New York, for example ; it is for their benefit
more_especially that 1 am speaking; and it is
favoritism to the people of every other State
where newspapers are circulated and where an
