1210
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
argued as if it were a question .of opinion
■whether the rebellion was right or wrong. Who
has so argued it? Not I. I made no such
argument. I made the argument that it was a
question of opinion and of personal judgment
whether, under the circumstances,'Governor
Thomas ought to leave that'Cabinet. I say
upon either hypothesis he ought to have left it,
and neither ray colleague nor any other Sena-
tor will controvert it, in my judgment. If he
was not in sympathy with Mr. Buchanan in
Mr. Buchanan's course against the rebellion
he ought not to stay in it. If Mr. Buchanan
was adopting such a policy as he thought ne-
cessary to_ put down the insurrection that wis
then showing itself and developing itself in the
South, and Governor Thomas could not sym-
pathize with that, of course Jhe could not stay
in the Cabinet. On the other hand, if he did
sympathize with the cause of the Union, and
with the cause of the nation, then I ask Sena-
tors, if he differed upon the question of the
collection of the taxes at Charleston, and it
was a material question—a question that in-
volved the management of his own Depart-
ment—had he not a right to resign? Can any
man bring it up as a charge against him? If
he thought the duties could not be collected
on shipboard outside the port, and Mr. Bu-
chanan required it to be done, does any Sena-
tor say that he was bound to remain there and
execute that order, in violation of the laws, as
he supposed? It is a question of opinion, not
upon the right of rebellion and secession, but
a question of opinion upon the collection of
the duties under the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that all the letter con-
tains—the subject of revenue?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir. I thought I
had discussed the other question quite enough.
It is claimed that in this letter there is the
other proposition that he could not agree with
the Cabinet in regard to the policy in South
Carolina. I understand that to refer to the
question of reenforcing the forts. Have I not
spoken of that as much as is necessary? Have
I not referred to the conduct and condition of
the subsequent Cabinet? Have I not called
the attention of Senators to the fact that they
do not arraign the members of that subsequent
Cabinet because of a difference of judgment
on that question? Suppose that Governor
Thomas, being in that Cabinet, really believed
that hostilities could be avoided by not reen-
forcing the forts at that time and that peace
might be preserved in the country, and Mr.
Buchanan insisted upon an opposite course:
had he not a right because of that difference
of opinion to resign his seat? The resigna-
tion of a seat in the Cabinet, except bad
motives are assigned, is an innocent transac-
tion, to be governed by a man's own judgment
at the time.
Mr. MORTON. I simply rise for the pur-
pose of vindicating myself from the charge
made by my honorable colleague of my having
vindicated Mr. Buchanan from the charge of
treason and combination in behalf of the rebel-
lion in 1860 and 1861. Sir, this letter does
not vindicate him, nor do I. Mr. Buchanan was
himself privy to this rebellion in the beginning;
and in his message in December, 1860, he took
the broad and treasonable ground that this
Government had no power to coerce a State to
remain in the Union, an act which gave aid and
comfort and countenauce to the rebellion. He
told those men that they could go forward with
impunity; but afterward Mr. Buchanan became
alarmed; the Storm was gathering around him,
and perhaps remorse caused him to tall back
from that advanced position; and now what
does Jefferson Davis say? "The confidence
heretofore felt in Mr. Buchanan." When
'' heretofore ?" When he sent his message and
throughout the month of December, I860,
" The confidence heretofore felt m Mr. xsu-
chanan has diminished steadily and is now
nearly extinct.77 When Mr. Buchanan ceased
to be under the influence of Mr. Davis and
Mr. Thomas and Mr. Cobb and Mr. Toombs
aind others, and passed under the influence of
Judge Holt and Edwin M. Stanton, then they
did lose confidence in him, and then it was
that Mr. Thomas left the Cabinet, and then it
was that Mr. Davis wrote that letter.
It is.said that we must make out the case
technically 1 The evidence must be techni-
cally complete under the penal laws against
this man! Sir, he is not on trial under a penal
law. We do not have to make out the case
beyond reasonable doubt. The question is, is
he entitled to a seat on this floor ; and we are
to be governed by such evidence as there is
before us and such as will satisfy the minds
of patriotic, loyal, impartial men. We are
not required to make out this case beyond a
reasonable doubt according to this doctrinc ;
nor is the man standing upon trial here. He
is the applicant himself. He is pressing his
own claims. We have not put him at the bar.
He puts himself there; and the question is
whether he is entitled to a seat on this floor.
There is no technical evidence required. He
is not being tried upon a penal statute, and
the rules that are sought to be brought in as
applicable to a case of that kind have no place
here. Need I argue a proposition of that kind ?
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, there are
three precedents in reference to this case: one
is that of my colleague, Judge Patterson, of
East Tennessee. In 1862, Judge Patterson
ran for the office of judge in East Tennessee
and was supported by the Union people there,
and he took that office in obedience to the
wishes of the Union people to protect them
and prevent their having a rebel judge instead
of a Union judge ; and, as was reported here
by the Judiciary Committee, he took the office
for the purpose of protecting the Union men
and the Union cause in eastern Tennessee, and
he held it for that purpose. The Senate acted
on the case, regarding it in that way, and per-
mitted him to take the oath on that hypothesis.
That is his case. He has been subsequently
paid by the State of Tennessee for his services
as judge.
The ease of Colonel Stokes I discussed the
other day, and I wish now simply to make
another statement in regard to it to show that
it is entirely different from the one before the
Senate. 1 stated that he lost his manhood
momentarily, but recovered it in two days' time,
an unexampled case. He would have done
everything in his power to bring back that let-
ter ; but it had passed out of his hands, and it
was impossible for him to bring it back. It
was published contrary to his wishes. He
intended when he wrote it that it should be
shown to some friends about McMinnville, but
it was not intended to be put in the public
press. Colonel Stokes immediately entered
on the duty of doing everything he could t.o
counteract the effects of that letter, and he
traversed his district from one end of it to the
other showing that the sentiments expressed
in the letter were wrong, and ho counteracted
them entirely.
There is another point of difference. Mr.
Thomas, of Maryland, has done nothing to
counteract the effects of his letter; he has
shown throughout by his conduct that he ap-
proves the sentiments of the letter and that
they had his cordial approbation throughout.
Both had sons ; both men put their sons into
military service. One went into the Federal
Army and fought throughout the war. Colonel
Stokes's son served in his regiment gallantly
during that period of time with him. Mr.
Thomas's son went into the confederate army
and served in that. I cannot see from the
proof that he disapproved of his son's going into
that service, that he disapproved of his son
going into the war at all; it was rather a de-
sire that his son should abstain from war then,
that he should not go into the service of the
confederate government. Here is, then, an-
other distinction between them.
There is one other case, and that is the case
of John Young Brown, recently decided in the
House of Representatives. It was decided
solely on the fact of his having written a letter,
a -very bad letter, wiich his subsequent con-
duct showed expressed his sentiments through-
out the war, sentiments disloyal to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. There is one
other remark I wish to make in regard to Mr.
Thomas's case. It has been stated here thathe
did not give the money to his son for the pur-
pose of aiding and encouraging the rebellion,
but that it was to prevent him from suffering.
Here is a singular distinction indeed, and one
that I cannot apprehend by any means. I deny
that the motive or the intention sanctifies the
action in this case or in any other case. _ I re-
pudiate and repel that doctrine. There is not
a crime in history that you could not sanctify
on such morals as that. The embodiment of
the action, the manifestation of the action,
must harmonize with the motive, or it is not
correct. I have no d«ubt that John Wilkes
Booth could offer a good motive in his own
mind for the assassination of the President of
the United States. Such a doctrine would
sanctify every crime that has been committed.
There is no truth in it in morals, there is no
truth in it in law; but in all cases the em-
bodiment, the action, must be in harmony with
the spirit of the man at the time it is committed,
and if so the action is proper, not otherwise.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further con-
sideration of this question be postponed until
one o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
soldiers' bounty.
Mr. WILSON. There is lying on the table
a bill of the other House relative to bounty,
which the _Senate some time ago passed with
an amendment, which was a substitute for it.
The House of Representatives has now made
some slight amendments to our amendment.
I move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of these amendments.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 127) in relation to additional bounty.
The Secretary read the amendments of the
House of Representatives, which were in line
two of the Senate amendment after the word
"person" to insert "or persons;" in lines
two and three to strike out the words "as a
soldier;'' and in line six to strike out the word
"has" and insert "shall have."
Mr. GRIMES. I desire some explanation
of these amendments. I should like to know
who is included by striking out words "as a
soldier." What class of men are included as
being entitled to bounty?
The PRESIDENTjiro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senate, as amended by the House
of Representatives, will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
That if any person or persons entitled to th e bounty
provided by sections twelve and thirteen of the act
making appropriations for the civil service, approved
July 28, 1866, shall have died, or shall die, before re-
ceiving said bounty, it shall be paid to the heirs of
the soldier as designated in said act, in the order
therein named, and to none others.
The House amendments were concurred in.
william ii. mukpiiy.
_ Mr. DRAKE. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 253. It is a little bill for the relief of
a mail-carrier, which has been favorably re-
ported by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. £53) for the relief of William H. Murphy,
of Farmington, Missouri, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the Postmaster General
and the proper accounting officer of the Treas-
ury to settle the account of William H. Mur-
phy for carrying the United States mails twice
a week oil the rlute No. 10686, in the State of
Missouri, from July 1,1862, to April 30,1864,
a,nd to pay him at the rate of $900 a year for
the whole length of route, deducting therefor
