1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
pro rata compensation for any portion of the
service not performed.
Mr. DKAKE. I will simply state that this
matter has <been fully investigated by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post'Roads, and
after a conference with the Post Office Depart-
ment they find that this bill is right and proper
in principle and in fact, for the relief of this
individual, and I ask that it be put upon its
passage. The committee have made a report,
which has been printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
hear the report read.
The Secretary read the following -report,
made by Mr. Harlan" on the 16th of January:
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom were referred the petition and evidence of
William H. Murphy, a mail contractor of the State
of Missouri, having had the same under considera-
tion, report:
That William H. Murphy,,of Farmmcton, Mis-
souri, in answer to an invitation of the Postmaster
General to carry the mail on post route No. 106S6,
from Fredericktown Court-House to Re Soto, in the
State of Missouri, a distance of fifty-five miles, pro-
posed to carry the said mail once a week at the rate
of $592 per annum. The following is a copy of the
advertisement inviting said proposals
" 10036. From Fredericktown, by Mine La Motte,
Cross iioads, Locust Ridge, Farmington, Big Pvivcr
Mills, Hazel llun Mills, and Avoca, to De Soto, fifty-
five miles and back, twice a week. Leave Frederick-
town Monday and Thursday at eight a. m., arrive at
3)e Soto next days by twelve m. Leave De Soto
Tuesday and Friday at one p. m., arrive at Freder-
icktown next days at six p. m. Bids for one trip a
week only invited."
The claimant was notified by the Post Office De-
partment of the acceptance of his bid, unt£&r date
of April 2-i, 1862, and after being so notified, pro-
ceeded to perform the service in order to avoid the
statutory penalties imposed upon bidders failing to
make their bids good.
Upon the receipt ot the bond subsequently he dis-
covered that he would be required to oeirry the mail
twice a week: but after protesting against this re-
quirement by letter to the Department he signed the
said bond to avoid the legal penalties, and expecting
from Government a just and proper compensation
for the additional services required.
The claimant was naturally misled by the last
clause of the advertisement; its want of punctuation
giving it the meaning placed upon it by him, and
leading fairly to the conclusion that the contractor
would be required to carry themail but once a week.
In proof of such a construction being placed upon
it by him he furnishes the depositions of Milton Se-
bastian and Lewis J. Cundilf, who were present at
the time of the making out of the bid, and one of
whom assisted him in making an estimate of the cost
of carrying the said mail on the basis of its carriage
but once a week.
It appears from a letter of the Second Assistant
Postmaster General that the service was curtailed,
at the contractor's request, to begin at Farmington,
twenty miles less distant, at a reduction of $-41 per
annum, from September 30,1863, and the service on
the remainder of the route was discontinued April
30,1804, and one month's pay extra on $351 allowed
as usual in such cases. .,
The distance traveled to carry the mail on the said
route was, for round trip, about one hundred and ten
miles. „ , , . ^ , t  i
From the communication of the Assistant Post-
master General it appears that the lowest bid tor
the twice-a-week service was $900 per annum, which
sum the committee, in view of the long distance
traveled and of the fact of the claimant's being lul-
led by the note or last clause of the advertisement,
would recommend as the basis of calculation for the
equitable compensation of tho claimant, and for that
object report the accompanying bill for the payment
of this claim.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from the house
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
733) for the relief of the Navajo Indians at the
Bosque Redondo, and to establish them on a
reservation, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 127) in relation to additional
bounty, and it was signed by the President pro
tempore.
captured and abandoned property.
Mr EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
take tip for consideration House joint resolu-
tion No. 19, in relation to the covering ot cer-
tain cotton money into the Treasury.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the "Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 10) directing that certain moneys now in
the hands of the United States Treasurer as
special agent of the Treasury Department be
covered by warrant into the United States
Treasury, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Edmunds, to substitute for
the joint resolution the following:
That all moneys which have been received by any
officer or employ^ of the Government, or any Depart-
ment thereof, from sales of captured and abandoned
property in the late insurrectionary districts, under
or under color of the several acts of Congress pro-
viding for the collection and sale of such property,
and which have not already been actually covered
into the Treasury, shall bo immediatelypaid into the
Treasury of the United States, together with any in-
terest which has been received or accrued thereon.
And be it further resolved. That if any officer or
person having the custody, possession or control of
any money derived or arising from the sale or other
disposition of any such property mentioned in the
preceding resolution, shall convert the same to his
own use, or shall refuse or neglect for a space of
thirty days next after the passage of this resolution
to pay the same into the Treasury of the United
States, or shall in any way pay away or dispose of
thesame otherwise than by paying the same into the
Treasury as aforesaid, shall bo deemed and held
guilty of embezzling the public money of the United
States, and shall be punished therefor by imprison-
ment for a term of n ot more than ten years, and shall
pay a fine equal to the sum go embezzled.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose I may as
well say at this time, before there is any fur-
ther action of the Senate on the amendments,
what I have to say on the subject. I under-
stood, however, that there was a motion pend-
ing, made by the Senator from Ohio, to refer
the joint resolution to tho Committee on Re-
trenchment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I made that motion.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I thought that was the
pending motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know whether
the motion was entered, but I at least gave
notice of my intention to make it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary says there is no such motion entered on
the record.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Very well; that makes
no difference. It is so Ion? since this question
was under consideration and since I examined
it with a view to make some remarks in reply
to my friends, the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] and the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Howe,] that I have forgotten now the
great part of what I designed to say, or, at any
rate, the order in which I designed to say what
I might have to say on the subject. That, prob-
ably, will be to the advantage of the Senate by
shortening my remarks. What I have^to say
has no reference to the passage of this joint
resolution ; for to that I have no objection,
especially if an amendment shall be adopted
which I understand is to be proposed by my
friend from Vermont, [Mr. Edmuxbs.] What
I have to say will be in defense of the views
which I submitted before, and which were re-
plied to at considerable length by the Senator
from Illinois.
In the course of the discussion, an inquiry
was made of me -what the phrase "covering
into the Treasury" meant. I attempted to
give an explanation, but stated at the time that
the explanation was probably imperfect, as I
was not entirely ready to exactly explain the
process by which moneys are technically cov-
ered into the Treasury. I suggested at the time
that I could get an explanation at the Treasury
Department, when mv friend from Illinois in his
peculiar way, said, Oh, yes, he supposed I
could get an explanation of anything there,"
meaning, that they were ready there to ex-
plain anv bad thing in any bad way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did I say exactly that?
Mr. PESSENDEN. That was substantially
what the Senator said. Now, sir, I am ready
to give the explanation. It is a matter which
arises under a statute which may be found on
page 66, of the first volume of the Statutes-at-
Large. The fourth section of the original^ act to
establish the Treasury Department provides—
" That it shall bo the duty of the Treasurer to re-
ceive and keep tho moneys of the United States, and
to disburse the same upon warrants drnwn by tbo Sec-
retary of the Treasury, countersigned by the Comp-
troller, recorded by the Register, and not otherwise;
he shall take receipts for ail moneys paid by M™, _
and all receipts for moneys received by him shall be
indorsed upon warrants signed by the Secretary 01
the Treasury, without which warrant, so signed, no
acknowledgment for money received into the public
Treasury snail be valid."
You see, therefore, that the Treasurer may
receive money and have it in use; it may be
perfectly and strictly in his possession for the
Government, and yet it may not be technically
in the Treasury. It is an every-day transac-
tion. Por instance, a certain sum of money
is sent to the Treasurer from a public officer;
he sends his receipt for it, and he is in pos-
session of the money; but that money isnot
in the Treasury because this statute provides
that no money shall be in the Treasury with-
out a warrant signed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and acknowledged in the way here
prescribed. In order to bring it into the
Treasury after it has once been received in
that way—and it is received from various
sources every day—a warrant must be drawn
by the Secretary of the Treasury technically.
I have the form here which explains how the
business is done. Suppose, for instance, that
Mr. Draper, or the collector of New York, sent
a certain amount of money to the Treasurer
of the United States, and he receipted for it.
Mr. Draper would have that receipt, but that
money would not be in the Treasury. To get
it into the Treasury there must be a warrant
drawn upon Simeon Draper, directing him to
pay to the Treasurer-of the United States so
much money—§100,000, if you please—and
upon that warrant the Treasurer of the United
States signs a receipt that he has received it,
and it goes through the accounting officers,
countersigned by the Comptroller, according to
the statute. That is, to have a check drawn
by which it is paid, and by which a regular
receipt for it is obtained from the Treasurer
of the United States in that way. The form
of doing it is before me; that is called cover-
ing moneys into the Treasury.
It not unfrequently happens that money lies
in the hands of the Treasurer for a very con-
siderable time, small sums of money, because
they cannot ascertain to what particular ac-
count to carry it. As soon as they do the war-
rant is drawn. These covering warrants are
not drawn every day, but once a week or once
a fortnight or once a month, as the case may
be, including a very large amount—several
sums received from several persons. They
are drawn in this way and receipted by the
Treasurer. And that is technically called cov-
ering money into the Treasury. By the law it
is not in the Treasury, so to speak, until that
form has been gone through witK It is a mere
matter of form and takes place in the ^Treas-
ury Department for the purpose of getting the
money technically into the Treasury. I have
given this explanation because I failed to givo
an exact explanation before.
Now, sir, to come to the matter with regard
to which I designed to address the Senate, 1
wish to call the attention of Senators to the
fact that at a very early period of the rebellion
it became manifest to the Government that it
was of great consequence to get the control of
the cotton in the South. It was important, in
the first place, to prevent the rebels having con-
trol of it, and in the next place, important to
us to get as much of it out of the South as pos-
sible. Various modes were resorted toforthis
purpose, even under the direction of Congress,
as I shall show. It was deemed important to
affect our exchanges, and to get cotton tor the
use of our own people. The more of it we
could get out of the southern country, it was
conceived, the better we were off. Every gen-
tleman will recollect that it was esteemed to be
a matter of great consequence, and the atten-
tion of the Government and of the ofticera of
the Government was turned in that direction.
It was with that view, in part, that the provis-
ion which I will now read was inserted in one
