THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
177
in any manner his criminality before the tri-
bunals of justice, or to make evidence which
bUtiil be admitted under any form of Jaw upon
Ins own motion to justify his own criminal
conduct.
i do not hesitate to say that every author-
ity which the gentlemen can bring into court
rt'guiafing the tuie of evidence in procedures
of this sort is directly against the proposition,
and fur the simple reason that it is a written
declaration made by the accused voluntarily,
alter the fact, in his own behalf. I read lor the
infoi mat ton of the Senate the testimony touch-
ing this (act, of the service of the notice of the
action had by the Senate upon the conduct of
the President whereof he stands acccused be-
fore the Senate. It is as follows. On page
10.) of the trial Mr. McDonald testified:
" An nUestcd copy of the forc2;omcr resolution wits
defivyicd bv uie into tlic hand-: of the President ot
the Untied t-'l tics at Iut office ui the. Executive Man-
sion :ir leu o'clock p. in. on the 2lst of February, lBoS.''
Ou the 2-lt,h of February, three days after-
watd, he volunteers a written declaration
which he now proposes to make evidence in his
own behalf before this tribunal of justice. Of
course it is evidence for no purpose whatever,
except for the puiposo ofexculpating him from
the criminal accusation preferred against him.
It is for no other purpose.
Senators will bear with me while I make a
further remark'. The proposition is to intro-
duce his whole message, not simply what ho
tavs for himself, not simply the arguments that
lie chooses to present in the form of a written
declaration, in vindication of his criminal con-
duct, in violation of the cleare-1 and plainest
provisions of law, and in direct deliance of the
action of the Senate and of the notice it had
served on nim on the night of the 21st of Feb-
ruary ; but the Senate will bear with me when
I say, what they do know, that this message
reports the declarations of third persons, and
of course the Senate are asked to accept these,
too, as evidence ni the trial of tha accused at
their bar.
lie reports in this message the declarations
of thiid peisons whom he has pleased to call
lii.s ■' constitutional advisers." He states their
opinions. Without giving their language he
gives the conclusions, and those conclusions
are to be. drawn before the Senate as matter of
evidence. I beg leave to say here, in the pres-
ence of the Senate, that, there is no colorable
excuse for the President or for his counsel
coming before the Senate to say to them,
whether it be communicated in his written
message or otherwise, that he has any right to
attempt, to shelter himself for a violation of the
laws of the country under the opinions of any
member of his Cabinet. The Constitution
never vested his Cabinet counselors with any
such authority, as it never vested the Presi-
dent with authority to suspend the laws or to
violate the laws or to disregard the laws or to
make appointments in direct contravention of
the laws, and in defiance of the final action of
the Senate acting in express obedience to the
requirement of the law.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (after examining
the message.) You are right. He reports the
opinion of his Cabinet.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. I was aware that
I was right. There is no colorable excuse for
this proceeding. I say it with all respect to
the learned counsel, and I challenge now the
production of authority from any respectable
court that ever allowed any man, high or low,
official or unofficial, to introduce his own dec-
larations, written or unwritten, made after the
fact, in his defense. That is the point 1 take
hero. I beg the pardon of the Senate for having
detained them so long, in the statement of a
proposition so simple, and the law of which is
so clearly settled running through centuries.
• I submit the question to them.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators  , .
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Do we ever have
the close here?
Mr. EVARTS. I dare say you have; but I
Supplement—12,
also have the opportunity to speak. No ques-
tion arises of my irregularity, I take it.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM*. No, 110.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, the only apology that the learned Man-
ager has made for the course of his remarks is
the consumption of your time, and yet he has
not hesitated to say, and again to repeat, that
there is not a color of justification for the
attempt of the President of the United States
to defend himself or for the efforts that his
counsel make.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Will the gentle-
man allow me to correct him ? I do not think
the gentleman intends to misrepresent me here.
Mr. EVARTS. I do not misrepresent you.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. ] did not say,
then, if the gentleman pleases, that there was
110 colorable excuse for the President to at-
tempt to defend himself or for his counsel to
defend him. I did not say that.
Mr. KVARfS. It all comes to the same
tiling. Everything that is attempted upon our
view or line of the subject in controversy, un-
less it conforms to the preliminary view that
the learned Managers choose to throw down,
is regarded as outside of the color of la,w or of
right on the part ot I lie President, or hia coun-
sel, and so it is lepeatedly charged.
Now, if the crime was completed 011 the 21st,
of February, which is not only the whole basis
of this argument of the learned Managers, but
of every other argument upon the evidence
that I have had the honor of hearing from
them, I should like to know what application
or relevancy the resolution passed by the Sen-
ate 011 the 21st of February, after Lhe act, of
the President had been completed, and after
that act had been communicated to the Sen-
ate, has 011 the issue of whether that act was
right, or wrong? And if the fact that if is an ex-
pression of opinion relieves the testimony from
the possibility of admission, what, was this but,
an expression of the opinion of the Senate of
the United States in the form of a resolution
regarding a past act of the. President? There
could he, then, 110 single principle of the law of
evidence upon which this fact put in proof in
behalf of the Managers could be admitted, ex-
cept as a communication from this branch of
the Government to the President of the United
States of its opinion concerning the legality of
his action; and in the same hue and in 1111 mediate
reply the President communicates to the Sen-
ate of the United States, openly and in a proper
message, his opinions concerning the legality
of the act. What would be thought of the Gov-
ernment that, in a criminal prosecution, by
way of inculpating a prisoner, should give in
evidence what a magistrate or a sheriff had
said to him concerning the crime imputed, and
then shut the mouth of the prisoner as to what
he had said then and there in reply? Why,
the only possibility, the only argument for
affecting the prisoner with criminality for what
had been said to him, was that, unreplied to,
it might ba construed into admission or sub-
mission ; and to say that the prisoner, when
told ."You stole that watch," could not give
in evidence his reply, "It was my own watch,
and I took it because it was mine," is precisely
the same proposition that is being applied here
by the learned Managers to this communica-
tion back and forth between the Senate and
the President.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. A single word,
Mr. President, upon that proposition. I think
if any sheriff should say to a thief, "Sir, whose
watch is that?" and the thief could not make
a reply until four days afterward, after he was
indicted, a written statement, then, as to whose
watch it was, and putting in what his neighbors
said about it, would never be received. I take
the illustration ; it is a good one, an excellent
illustration. A sheriff says to a prisoner,
'1 Where did you get that watch ?'' S our diays
afterward—after he has been in jail, after the
indictment is being found against him, and
while the court is in session, he sends an an-
swer to the sheriff and says that answer must
Ije given in eyjijpijce, and not only that, but he
puts in that answer what everybody else said,
what lour or live men said to him, as is the
case in this message. IIo is not content with
putting in h;s own answer, but he puts in tha
view of t lie C,ib tic!. Now, we object, if they
will fetch I he Cabinet here and let us cross-
examine them and find out what they meant
when they ga-e him any advice, and how they
came to give if, to him. and under what, cir-
cumstances they gave it fo him, we shall have
a different reply to make to that. But at. pres-
ent we do not want them to put in (to carry
out the parallel) what, after he got into jail
and consulted with the prisoners in the same
room, he says was his answer, and what the
prisoners who were with him said about it.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, every case is to lie regarded according
to its circumstances, and you will judge whether
a communication from you to the Presidentof
the United Stales, communicated to him 011
the 22d of February 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The 21st.
Mr. EVAKl'S. I titiderstopd you to say that
you could not say that.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Ten o'clock at
night on tin; 21st.
Mr. EVARTS. Yon got at it then. You
did not ha\e it bcfoie.
Ml. Manager BINGHAM. I read it.
Mr. EVAR TS. Ten o'clock at night on the
21st the communication was sent to him. 'The
Senate was not in session on the 22d, as I am
informed, more than an hour, it being a holi-
day, and this message sent in on Monday, Sun-
day intervening, is not, an answer according to
the ordinary eourseofpromptandeandid treaty
between the Senate and President concerning
a matter in difference, or an answer to impu-
tation communicated to him. As for the simile
of the President being in prison, we have
removed that by showing that he was not
impeached until Jive o'clock in the afternoon
of Monday the 21th ; and as t,o the simile that
the Cabinet were his fellow-prisoners in the
same cell, the answer is that they have not
been impeached at all. But we do not pursue
these trivial illustrations. 'The matter is within
the intelligence of the court, and must be dis-
posed of by it.
Mr. Manager BINGIIAM. Mr. President
and Senators, i desire to say, once for ail, to
the Senate that X have said 110 word, and in-
tend to say 110 woid, during the progress of
this trial, that justifies the assertion of counsel
for the President that I deny his right to make
a defense either in person or by his counsel.
What I insist upon here, and ask the Senate to
act upon, is that he shall make a defense pre-
cisely as unofficial citizens of the United States
make defenses, according to the law of the
land and not otherwise ; that he shall not after
the commission of crime manufacture evidence
in his own behalf, either oral or written, by his
own declaration, and incorporate in it, too, the
declarations of third persons and throw it upon
the court as testimony. It has never been
allowed in any respectable court-in this country
upon any occasion. When men stood upon
trial for their lives they never were permitted
after the fact to manufacture testimony by
their own declarations, either written or un-
written, and on their own motion, introduce it*
in the courts of justice.
I have another word or two to say in the light
of what has dropped from the lips of the coun--'
sel. He has evaded most skillfully the point I
took occasi on to make in the hearing of the Sen-
ate, that here is an attempt to introduce nottonly
the written declarations of the accused in hi#
own behalf after the fact, but the deciaratierts
of third persons, not under path, and, their
conclusions reported in this message of the
24th of February, 1868. I venture to say that
a proposition of the extent of. this never was
made before ill any tribunal of justice in .the
United States where any man stood' accused
of crime, i)of sjnjply to give his own declara-
tions, but to report, the declarations of third;
persons in his own behalf and throw them be-
fore the Senate as testimony. -
