1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
No. 3.
Osage Nation, May 25,1868.
Sir: As you stated, in your public council with the
Indians, that all future consultations between the
commissioners and Indians were to be private, Irora
"which all others were to be rigidly excluded, and
thus other parties can only reach the Indians through
you, I have the honor to request permission to call
them together in council with the representatives of
the Missouri, Fort Scott, and Santa le Railroad
Company, with a view of submitting to their con-
sideration a treaty with said company on the follow-
ing basis: „ . .
First. A purchase of all their lands for said road at
$2,000,000—$100,000 to be paid in ninety days from the
ratification of the treaty by the Senate of the United
States, and the other payments at the rate of $100,000
per year until the whole purchase money is paid, the
whole to bear interest at therate of five per cent.per
annum from the ratification and promulgation of the
treaty tilt paid.
Second. One hundred and sixty acres of land
secured, free ot cost, to every half-breed Osage, male
and female, over twenty-one years of age, who may
desire to rein.tin on said lands and become a citizen
ol the United States.
Third. One hundred and sixty acres secured to such
settlers who may be on any portion of said lands at
the date of said treaty, at $1 25 per acre, being Gov-
ernment price theretor.
Fourth. Every sixteenth section of said lands to be
donated to the State of Kansas for the endowment
oi her public schools.
Fifth. The interest of said purchase money to be
paid semi-annually, and disposed of in the treaty in
a maimer satisfactory to the Indians, and so as to
promote their best interests.
Sixth. Patents to issue to said company for said
lands only in proportion to theamountaetually paid.
Seventh. Said principal and interest to be paid by
said railroad company t<? the Secretary oi the In-
terior, and the interest disbursed to the Indians by
him, through the Commissioner of'Indian Affairs.
As this council has now been in session about two
weeks.and the Indians have thus far declined to treat,
although all other propositions have been withheld
from them, except that of the Leavenworth, Law-
rence, and Galveston Railroad Company, itis now but
jjirir that they should have an opportunity of con-
"sidermg another proposition which gives them a
larger sum of money for their lands, protects the set-
tlers on the same, secures a home to the half-breeds,
enlarges the State endowment for school purposes,
and which is quite as fair to the Government as the
proposition so long considered and rejected.
It the responsibility of the company is doubted. 1
again offer,as before, as a guarantee of good faith and
pecuniary ability, the bond of men worth $100,000
or the draft of a responsible banking house on New
York for $50,000, to be lorfeited in case the company
fail to comply with the requirements of the treaty.
1 have also the honof to request that this proposi-
tion be tiled with the papers of the commission for
further reference.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
CHARLES W. BLAIR,
President Missouri, Foi t Scott, and Santa le
Railroad Compttny.
Hon. N. G. Taylor, Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Iieply to No. 3.
Osachs Council Grouxd,
Osage Nation, May 26,1868.
Sir: Your communication addressed to me, of yes-
terday's date, was handed to me half an hour sinco
by Colonel Wilson. . . ,
I have the honor m reply to inform you that, hav-
ing, immediately on its receipt, submitted your letter
to the commission, it instructed me, unanimously, to
respond that t.hiseommission, having been appointed
and commissioned by the President to treat with the
Osage Indians, has no power to transfer that. author-
ity to others, nor any disposition to do so. Vvehave
pleasure in adding that present indications are en-
tirely favorable to a successful termination ot our
labors.
With sentiments of high regard, I have the honor
to be, very truly, your obedient servant,
N. G. TAYLOR,
President Osage Commission and Commissioner
Indian Affairs.
General Charles W. Blair, President Fort Scott and
Santa Fd llailroad Company.
t (D.)
District of Columbia, Washington county, ss :
Before the undersigned, a notary public in and for
the District of Columbia, personally came Charles
W Blair, of lawful a.re, who, being duly sworn,
deposes and says, that the correspondence copied in
the accompanying printed statement is a true copy
of the correspondence that passed between him and
Hon N G Taylor, Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
He further states that the facts embodied in the
printed statement accompanying said correspond-
ence, so far as the same are stated of his own know!-
edge are true, and, so far as stated on the informa-
tion of others, he believes to be true bothjn substance
and in fact. £uAK.-LH& iv. is
Sworn to and subscribed, this 16th day of June,
A. D. 1868. JOHN
(E.)
District of Columbia, st:
Georse H. Hoyt,being duly sworn, deposes and sajs
he is a citizen of the state of Kansas, and us attor-
ney general of the said State ; that since the execu-
tion of the treaty between the United States and the
Osages of southern Kansas, at Drum Creek, on or
about May 27, A. D. 1808, numerous complaints have
been lodged in his office relating to the said treaty and
the action of the commissioners of the United States.
And affiant avers upon information and belief that
gross deceit was practiced upon the said Osage In-
dians by thesaid commissioners; that the said Indians
were informed or caused to be informed by the said
commissioners that the United States would not pro-
tect them or give them their presents or annuities
unless they consented to sign the particular treaty
brought by them from Washington; that other in-
ducements were held, out to the said Indians, and,
among others, the promise to secure peace between
them and their enemies, the Arrapahoes.
Affiant further avers that the lands conveyed by
the terms of said treaty to the Leavenworth, Law-
rence, and Galveston Railroad Company comprise
about eight million acres, equal to about one sixth
of the area of the whole State of Kansas, and nearly
double the area of the State of Massachusetts; that
he is familiar with that section of the State of Kansas,
having frequently traversed it; that more than half
the .said lands are fir^t class and very rich and valu-
able lands—well watt-red and timbered along, the
waters of the Neosho and the valleys of the Verdigris
rivers, together with numerous tributaries; that the
said lands are desirable in every respect, and are
being fast settled upon by a thrifty and industrious
people; that abandonment of those settlers, by this
treaty, to the cupidity of speculators and non-resi-
dents, has caused a very hitterfeeling to pervade the
people of the whole State; that a large portion of
these lands would readilysell for^l 25 per acre within
three or four years; that the proceeds of their sale,
upon any just or reasonable terms, would construct
not only the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Galveston
railway to and beyond the limits of Kansas, but would
also build the Fort Scottand Santa le and the Union
Pacific, southern branch, railways.
And affiant says that Kansas is entitled to the six-
teenth and thirty-sixth sections of land in each town-
ship, or an equivalent therefor, for the permanent
school fund of the State; that a large portion o t the
State has been absorbed by Indian reservations;
that in the retrocession or transfer of those reserva-
tions no equivalent has been granted the State lor
said sections; that Professor MeYiekar, superin-
tendent of public instruction for Kansas, applied to
the commissioners to obtain a portion Oi said Osage
lands for the uses of the school land, and his appli-
cation was refused. And affiant s>ay& all the above
facts,together with various other mateual evidence,
he will be able to produce in case reasonable time is
allowed him before the ratification ot the said treaty
by the Senate of the United
JJOt. (TLORGL II. ilO x J..
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this the 10th
day of June, 186S. L. M. C11A1 IN,
JnsHce of the Peace.
Articles of a treaty made and concluded at the Osage
council ground, on Drum creek^in the Osage nation,
in the State of Kansas, ontha '11th day of Ma}/, A. 1).
1868, by and between the United States, represented by
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Commissioner of Indian Affairs;
Thomas Murphy, superintendent of IruhanajJairsfor
the etnt/al superintendency ; George C. Snow, agent
for the Indians of the JSeosho agency, and Albert u.
Boone, special agent, {commissioners duly appointed
buthe President of the United Slat t* for the purpose,)
and the Great and Little Osage tribe of Indians, rep-
resented by their chiefs, council/nen, and head men
duly authorized to negotiate andtreat in behalf-of said
tribe, as follows:
Article I.
The tribe of the Great and Little Osage Indians are
desirous of removing from Kansas to a new and
permanent home in the Indian Territory, and of
making an advantageous and absolute sale of their
lands in theState of Kansas. They desire, moreover,
to so dispose of these lands as to aid m the speedy
extension of the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and.Gal-
veston railroad to and through the Indian Iciritory,
it being the only road now in process of construction
running directly through the said Territory which is
to be the future home of themselves ami their race,
and for the further reason that it will give them m
their new home the meansof transit and transporta-
tion, and will tend to promote among them and their
brethren the arts and habits of civilized life, ihc
Government of the United States is willing that the
company constructing said railroad may become the
puichasersof said lands on terms favorable to the
Osaees and the settlers, because said railroad has
received from the United States no money subsidies,
and only an inconsiderable land grant, and because
when constructed it will become a great trunk line
from the Missouri river to the Gult of Mexico, and
with its branches will open to settlement vast and
fertile districts, now too remote from railroads and
navigable waters to be susceptible of advantageous
settlement and cultivation.
It is, therefore, agreed thatthcLeavcnworth, Law-
rence, and Galveston llailroad Company, a corpora-
tion duly organized under the laws of the v,tate ot
Kansas, shall have the privilege ot purchasing the
present reserve of the Osages m Kansas, and also tne
strip of land lying along the north border of the
present reservation, ceded to the united States in
trust by article second of the treaty betweeen the
1 United States and the Great and Little Osage In-
dians, concluded September 29, 1865, on the follo wing
terms and conditions: said company shall, within
three months aftertho ratification and promulgation
of this treaty, pay to the Secretary of the Interior
$100,000in cosh, andshall executeand deliver to him
its bonds for the further sum of $1,500,000, b.earing
interest, payable semi-annually, at the rate of five
per cent, per annum; the interest on said bonds to
commence when the Osages remove from their pres-
ent reservation, which date shall be fixed, and notice
thereof given to the company, by the Secretary of
the Interior. One hundred thousand dollais of said
bonds shall become due and payable each and every
year alter the date of execution thereof, so that the
last $100,000 of said bonds shall become due and pay-
able m fifteen years from the date of execution
thereof. And if saidcompany shallpay the said sum
of $100,000, and deliver its said bonds, bearing interest
for $1,500,000, as above provided, and shall, one
year thereafter, pay $100,000 of said bonds, and in-
terest on the whole of said bonds from the date when
s>aid inteiest shall have begun to accrue, and shall
have built and equipped not less than twenty miles
of said railroad from Ottawa, Kansas, in a southerly
direction, then patents shall be issued to it by the
Secretary of the Interior for an amount of said lands
to be designated under his direction equal in value
to one fifteenth part of the lands which are herein
authorized to be sold to said company, deducting
and excepting, however, from said amount of land
the lands which shall have been, between the date
of the purchase by said company and that date, pur-
chased by settlers as hereinafter provided.
And if said company shall, annually thereafter,
pay $100,000 of said bonds, and interest as thereinbe-
fore provided on all the remaining bonds, and shall,
each and every year thereafter, build and equip not
less than twenty miles of said road until the same
shall have reached the southern boundary of the
State of Kansas, it shall, at the date of each of such
annual payments, receive patents for a like amount
in value of said lands, to be selected under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, deducting and
excepting from said amount the lands which shall
have been, between the date of the next preceding
payment and that date, preempted and paid for as
hereinafter provided; and on payment of the last of
said bonds and interest, as herein provided, it shall
be entitled to receive patents for all the remainder
of said lands herein authorized to be sold to it.
The whole of said lands, if purchased by said com-
pany, shall be appraised, at its expense, by three
disinterested appraisers to be appointed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, whose compensation shall not
exceed ten dollars per day, in full tor services and
expenses, and whose appraisal, when approved by
the Secretary ot the Interior, shall govern in ascer-
taining the relative value of the amounts of land
from time to time selected and paid lor, as herein-
before provided. When said company bhali make
its first payment and deliver its bonds to the Secre-
tary of the Interior, as above provided, he shall exe-
cute and deliver to it a certificate setting forth the
fact that it has elected to purchase the lands herein
provided to be sold, and is entitled to the possession
and use of the same; which ceitificate shall be evi-
dence of the right of said company to the possession
and use of the said lands so long as it shall comply
with the conditions of purchase therein prescribed
as against all persons except Osages or other persons
connected with the nation as may have authority
from the Secretary of the Interior to remain tempo-
rarily on said lands. But such certificate shall not
authorize the taking of any timber or stone from any
of said lands, except from such as shall have been
selected and paid for as herein provided.
Xone of said lands shall be subject to taxation
except such as shall have been patented to said
company, or selected and paid for as above provided.
And whenever any patentshall issncto said rail road
company for any part of said lands it shall contain
the condition that said company shall bell the lands
described in said patent, except so much as may be
necessary for the operation of said road, within five
years from the issuance ot said patent. But n the
said company shall fail to pay thesaid sum ot *100,000
first above mentioned, and to deliver its bonds for
$1,500,000, as above provided, within three months
from the ratification and promulgation of this treaty,
then it bhall have no exclusive right of purchasing
said lands, but the lands shall then be surveyed
under the direction of the Seoietary of the Interior,
and appraised by three disinterested appraisers, to be
by him appointed, and offered for sale to actual set-
tlers for a period of one year fioin the promulgation
of this treaty, at not less than its appraised value,
under such r*les and regulations as the Secretary of
the Interior may, from tune to time, prescribe. And
at the expiration of said year, should any of said
lands remain unsold, the Secretaiy of the Interior
shall cause the same to be sold in a body for cash, at.
not less than its appiaised value. The proceeds ot
such sales, as they accrue, after deducting the ex-
penses of survey and appraisement, shall be invested
by the Secretary, of the Interior for the benefat ot
said Indians, as hereinafter provided.
The Secretary ofthelnterior may proceed to sell tne
said lands in a body on the mostadvantageous terms:
Piovided, however, That the same conditions and
terms shall be observed as herein stipulated; Ana
provided further, That said lands shall not be sold for
less than the price herein agreed to be paid theretor.
In the event that after sufficient notice has been
given no sale can be made of said lands m the man-
ner last aforesaid, and if the said company shaJi,
after paying said sum of $100,000, and delivering wid
$1,500,000 of bonds, fail to make payment of ax 5 W
turn of theprincipalor interest remaining doe wit
thirty days from the date when the same shalI be-
come due and payable, said company sbail forfeit
ifc v?e-ht to nnv nortion of said lands not neietoiore
and paid for? And all of said1 lands he,-em
provided to be sold to said companj which snail
remain unpaid for shall thereupon be sold by the
