1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223f
The^ PRESIDENT pro tempore. To what
committee does,the Senator move the refer-
ence of the resolution ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe similar me-
morials and resolutions have been referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and I move
the reference of this resolution to that com-
mittee.
The PKESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of John
Spangler, of Bolivar, West Virginia, praying
to be allowed compensation for the use of his
house, occupied by United States troops from
September 1, 18G2, to April 9, 1865; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of jour-
neymen cigar-makers and manufacturers of
cigars of Nebraska, remonstrating against the
passage of the bill which provides that a stamp
be affixed to each cigar, and praying for a tax
of five dollars per thousand on domestic cigars,
and that the tariff on imported cigars may re-
main unchanged; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
PRINTING OF AMENDMENTS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire to submit two
amendments, which I shall offer for the con-
sideration of the Senate, to Senate bill No.
164, to provid<^for appeals from the Court of
Claims, and for other purposes, which I ask
to have laid on the table and printed.
The PKESIDENT pro tempore. That order
■will be made, no objection being made.
ADMISSION TO IMPEACHMENT TOTAL.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no further
morning business I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
introduced by me some days ago in relation t<
admission to the impeachment trial.
Mr. ANTHONY. When the Senate ad-
journed yesterday there was an order under
consideration, which I think had better be dis-
posed of first, about admitting the reporter of
the Associated Press to a seat on the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would not come up
until after the morning hour.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is not in order now,
regularly; neither is the proposition of the
Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution proposed to be taken up by the Senator
from Ohio will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Ordered, That after to-morrow the order of the
15th of March ultimo, relative to admission to tho
gallery, bo suspended until further order, and that
the S&rgeant- at-Arms of th e Senate shall take special
care thatordershallbeobserved in thegalleriesduriug
tho trial of the impeachment now pending; and he is
hereby authorized to arrest and bring before the Sen-
ate any person who violates the orders of tho Sen-
ate; and ho shall take effective measures to secure
admission to the diplomatic gallery, the ladies'gal-
lery, and the reporters' gallery, to those only who
are entitled to admission thereto under the rules.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to strike out 
Mr. ANTHONY. The resolution is not up yet.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking it up for consideration.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 hope it will not be
taken up ; I want the other matter disposed of.
The question being put, a division was called
for, and the ayes were twenty.
Mr. CONNESS and ethers called for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can pass them both.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CON-KLING-. I appeal to the Senator,
whoever he may be, that asked the yeas and
nays, to take them on the ordcritself and save
one vote.
Mr. CONNESS. I made the call for tho
yeas and nays, and I did it because I am
opposed to rescinding the rule. Therefore I
desire to put the rescinding of the rule as far
off as possible.
Mr. CONKLING. That is true; but I sug-
gest to the Senator that if he would take it
directly on the proposition it would save a
vote.
Tha PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the order for considera-
tion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
taking a vote on the proposition if it can be
done without debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It cannot be done with-
out debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Ohio for consideration.
The question being taken by yts and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
line, Cragin, IJavis, Ihxon, Ferry, Fowler, Grimes
Hendricks, Howard, Norton, Nye, Patterson ot New
Hampshire, Patterson of 'lVnnessoe, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Sp'rague, Stewart, Thayer, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Williams—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Oattell.Couuess, Doolit-
tle, Drake. Edmunds, Fossenden, Frelmghuysen,
Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Tipton, and Vickers—16.
ABS.ENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Corbett,Har-
lan, Henderson, Howe, McCreery, Morton, lloss,
Sumner, Wilson, and Yates—12.
So the motion was agreed to, and the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider the order.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to strike out where
they occur the words " until to-morrow" and
insert the words "for one week," and then
strike out in ilnother line where they occur the
words "until further order;" so that if this
experiment is to be earned out at all we shall
have a week's experience of it, and then, with-
out further order of the Senate, the issuing of
tickets or the present regulation shall be re-
sumed. There has been a great deal of expense
incurred, and it had better be known 
Mr. SHERMAN. If that will make it more
satisfactory to the Senate, as I wish to try the
expspfment to see whether the people will not
bgifave as well as those who are invited here,
am willing to accept the modification and try
the experiment.
Mr. CONNESS. That would be more ac-
ceptable to me; but I should not vote for it
even with that modification. I totally deny
that the people are not represented in the
galleries.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the proposition?
Mr. CONNESS. I say that will make it
more acceptable to me, but yet 1 should not
vote for its adoption. 1 have no doubt what-
ever that the Senate might adopt it with that
modification.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I withdraw my
proposition-to accept the modification.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator fiom Cal-
ifornia would modify his amendment so as to
say three days, I should be willing to agree to
it. I hope that a Week will close the trial.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I will accept the
suggestion and modify my amendment so that
it shall be for three days that the experiment
shall be made.
I was about proceeding to say, Mr. Presi-
dent, when interrupted by the Senator trom
Ohio, that it had better be understood and
known that, anticipating by the significant de-
monstration which "occurred in the galleries of
the Senate upon the decision of a question in-
cidental in the first proceedings in the trial of
the impeachment that there would be disorder,
and that disorderly persons who had gathered
from distant sections of the country to the
capital for the purpose of creating disorder, and
who did not in the public streets, or in the bar-
rooms, or at many ot the places of public re-
sort pretend to conceal their demonstrations of
disfavor to the Congress of the United States
in anticipation, I say, of these demonstrations
and declarations, very considerable expense
has been gone to to preserve order. The regu-
lation created for admission to the Senate gal-
leries constituted a part of the regulations
adopted; and in furtherance of those regula-
tions a large police force has been employed,
So that admission to the Senate wing of the
building should not be obtained by persons
other than orderly persons who desired to wit-
ness the trial pending these great proceedings.
All that is to be brushed away—the expense
gone to having been for the purpose of'grati-
fying the morbid curiosity or perhaps the malig-
nity of a portion of the population. I do not,
of course, intimate in any respect that that is
the purpose of the honorable Senators who
advocate rescinding this rule; but that is the
purpose and disposition and desire and wish
of many persons outside of this Capitol; and
I do not expect to see order preserved with this
regulation rescinded. I do not expect to see
delicate, backward, and well-ordered persons
able to ascend the steps of the galleries, much
less to enter the galleries. We shall have those
come here as they go to places where very small
almonnts are charged for admission to shows,
to observe, look on, and see the show—not
persons deeply concerned in this great trial;
not such persons as arrive here from the dif-
ferent towns and cities of the Union, who desire
to see these great proceedings transpire; but
persons who desire to gratify a morbid curiosity
or some worse feeling.
It is very far, Mr. President, from my mind
to draw distinctions between the people of this
country other than those based, iti these times
of trouble and travail, upon the well-known
inherent qualities of the population. If oppor-
tunities were given rebellion would be as rife
in the streets of Washington to-morrow as it
ever was. And you propose opening these
galleries to the tread and occupancy of persons
entertaining those feelings.
The regulations that have been adopted have
worked well. Tickets have been issued every
day, so that they have been changed generally,
and, with some rare exceptions, there is a new
audience in the galleries daily. I have given
my tickets variously to persons from different
States of the Union. My friend from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Axthoxy,] who had so many
applications at the beginning ot these pro-
ceedings, not being able to satisfy all his con-
stituents, I have contributed to supply some
of them, [laughter;] and I may as well say
here that, on some occasions, 1 have referred
others back to the Senator. I hope they lound
him and got tickets. [Laughter.]
I am opposed to the rescinding ot this reso-
lution ; but, if the experiment is to be uied,
let it be tried for a period ot three days, and
then, without further order, let the existing
regulation be resumed. If it works well we
shall all then be in favor of continuing the new
rule. If it does not no further action will be
necessary, and it will not depend upon our
being able to obtain a legislative session.
Mr. FRELINGHUYriEN. Mr. President,
I do not know that I sympathize entirely with
my friend from California as to the danger of
great disorder here ; for 1 believe we have ths
ability to keep order in this Capitol, and in
this city, and in this nalion. If we have not,
we will try it if there is any doubt about it.
But there is great injustice, in my opinion, in
the proposition to rescind this resolution. 1
have a great respect for the people of ash-
ington ; but this Capitol docs not belong to tho
people of Washington. It belongs to this na-
tion, and when this great trial is transpiring it
is our duty to make such arrangements that
every part of this great nation may have here
its witnesses ; that they may come from Maine
and from New Jersey and New Yoik and
every State. We have made arrangements by
which they can be here, the nation can be here;
and now we propose to adopt a rule which will
exclude them ; for who questions but that the
first day these galleries are opened those who
are willing to enter the rush or willing to stay
here two or three hours will take possession ot
the galleries to the exclusion of those who come
from various parts of the Union to be here as
witnesses of this trial? And 1 further think it
is a breach of good faith ; for persons have
come from various parts of tho nation to stay
here during this trial and witness it, know-
ing that they can be accommodated with seats.
The arrangement, that is made is perfectly just
and equitable, equal for every part of the na-
tion, as the seats in this building are at the dis-
posal of the Senate and the Representatives ot
the people. If we rescind the rule, while 1 do
not anticipate any disorder or violence, I do
