186a
TOT CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of these proceedings were first to be taketi out
before the money was paid into the Treasury.
This law says, " that it shall be lawful for the
Secretary of the Treasury, from and after the
passage of {his act, as he shall from time to
time see fit, to appoint a special agent or agents
to receive and collect all captured and aban-
doned property,1' andproviaes that it may be
sold and the proceeds paid into the Treasury.
Then the third section, which I have just read,
provides- that where it has been abandoned or
where it has been captured in reality the pro-
ceeds may be recovered by application to the
Court of Claims, the owner proving his prop-
erty and that he was a loyal man and had a
right to it. What becomes, then, ofthe honor-
able Senator's argument that this particular
portion of the statute was made expressly and
solely ±o provide for errors or mistakes in the
seizing of property? It says no such thing
and it contemplates no sueh thing.
Then, as I stated before in the remarks which
I had occasion to make, the act went further;
it provided that all property which had been
taken as captured or abandoned or any other
way by the military forces of the country,
under any circumstances, should be passed over
to the agents of the Treasury Department, put-
ting sueh property under the control of the
Treasury Department. Now, what is the con-
struction the Secretary of the Treasury then
put upon it? Here wa^ a provision of law that
his agents should tfike possession of all cap-
tured and abandoned property, and though it
might have been regularly captured, though it
might have been property abandoned, yet this
statute being;made simply to preserve it from
destruction, to rescue it from the hands of
plunderers and take it into the possession of
the Treasury Department, allowed anybody
who could prove that it was actually his, and
that he was a loyal man, to come to the Court
of Claims and receive the proceeds, after
making a proper deduction for expenses. Then
comes the question which I stated, and it is a
very simple one: suppose it to be manifest that
the property was neither captured nor aban-
doned, what was to be done? The Secretary
of the Treasury is authorized to take by his
agents but two classes of property—captured
property and abandoned property; that he is
authorized to take and sell and put the pro-
ceeds into the Treasury. That he did, as I
contend.
But, suppose a particular piece of property
is neither captured nor abandoned, but has
been wrongfully or fraudulently seized by a
military officer, if you please, who turned it
over to an agent of the Treasury Department,
and that becomes perfectly evident; is it essen-
tial, or does it follow that because it is provided
that where it has been rightfully seized or right-
fully abandoned he must take a certain course
with it, and that the party may go to the Court
of Claims for redress, therefore where it has
been wrongfully seized as captured or wrong-
fully taken as abandoned he must pursue the
same course and sell it at all events and put
the proceeds into the Treasury, and put the
perhaps innocent party who owned the prop-
erty to the necessity of going to the Court of
Claims within a certain specified time and have
a law-suit to recover his property? Gentlemen
say that it is frequently manifest, clear as any-
thing can be, that there is no dispute about it,
that such is the case. I humbly beg leave to
differ with them. That is not the construction
which the Secretary of the Treasury who made
these regulations and who drew this law origin-
ally put upon it. He came to the conclusion
that what must necessarily go into the Treas-
ury, what he could not adjudicate upon, was
the proceeds of property which was rightfully
captured or rightfully taken as abandoned,
because he was directed by the law to take no
other, and if his agents to'ok property which
was neither captured nor abandoned, took it
wrongfully or by a misapprehension, it was not
only his right but his duty to investigate the
transaction, and if he was perfectly satisfied
of the falct to deliver it up. It was best for
the claimant, it was best for the Government
itself, to save the Government a multiplicity
of claims which might be established hereafter,
and the necessity of contesting them before the
Court of Claims.
Under these two acts, as I stated, various
questions came up. 1 decided some of them
myself. In the first place, property had been
taken by persons who had obtained possession
of it under permits, had purchased it, and it
was seized by our officers and taken from them.
In such cases it came to me to settle the ques-
tion whether there had been any breach of the
regulations, whether the seizure was not erro-
neous ; and I decided several cases of that
kind. It became my duty, also, to decide on
the question what was abandoned property
and what was captured property, in cases where
it was perfectly manifest that the property
seized was neither abandoned nor captured,
and that the persons claiming it had a right to
it. I will state a case by way of illustration,
and it is one of the cases stated by the inter-
esting witness that my honorable friend from
Wisconsin alluded to as giving him an account
of certain claims. There was one Mr. Elliott,
whom that person represented as a captain in
the rebel army, and a notorious rebel. It so
happened that I decided that case myself. I
did not know it at the time the Senator men-
tioned it; but I have since looked it up. My
friend, I think, has a little tenderness for me.
Most of the cases he cited were decided by me,
and he only picked them out without alluding
to the Secretary who made the decision. I am
very much obliged to him; but 1 am responsi-
ble for the whole.
Mr. HOWE. Let me state right here, that
there may be no mistake about it, that I not
only had no tendency 
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Tenderness," I said.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know that I am pre-
pared to contradict that assertion so com-
pletely as I was about to do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not need any
explanation. I took it as a great kindness.
Mr. HOWE. I will say, then, that I did not
know nor suspect nor have tho least idea that
any one of the cases to which I referred was
decided by the Senator now on the floor. T
did not have the slightest reference to the
dates at which the decisions were made, and I
did not name a single individual whose claim
was represented to me to have been urged by
disloyal men; and it is not a matter within the
knowledge of my friend from Maine—it is only
a matter of inference—that the name of Elliott
was one of those names: it was not given.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; the name wasnot
given, but the particular allowance and the
page in which it was contained was pointed out.
The Senator specified the sum.
Mr. HOWE. The sum was specified.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And that sum I found,
and that sum designated the individual. The
individual as designated by the Senator's wit-
ness was a man who had been a captain in the
rebel army. "There is only one sum of that
description in the list. The Senator pointed
out where it was, and therefore by taking the
sum I found out, who the person was. I decided
that case myself, and what were the facts? A
Mr. Elliott of New York, one of tho commis-
sioners of the Central Park, wont down to New
Orleans for his health, and being there he took
a notion that he would go up with General
Banks's expedition to Alexandria with other
persons, and while he was there he purchased
a few bales of cotton of some negroes and paid
them for it, and the cotton was put on board
with other cotton purchased by other persons
under like circumstances to be brought down
to New Orleans. Before it got there Mr. Elliott
had been obliged to go home, and when the
cotton got to New Orleans it was seized by an
agent of the Treasury Department. All the rest
of the property purchased and brought down
to New Orleans under like circumstances" was
delivered up at once to the parties who were
there to demand it, but Mr. Elliott flot hap-
pening to be there and having no agent there his
cotton was retained. These facts came before
me. This man bought the cotton to accom-
modate the negroes more than for any specu-
lation of his own. He was a perfectly loyal
man, a New Yorker. On investigation I de-
cided to give the proceeds of that property up
to him. It was neither captured nor aban-
doned ; and yet my friend would- argue tha{
because under those circum stances that mistake
happened, this gentleman who went there frdm
these motives and with these intentions should
have been obliged to go to the Court of Claims,
and that the money must necessarily be paid
into the Treasury at once. I decided other-
wise, and I think I decided right. There are-
other cases of like description.
I have given what I considered to be the
proper construction of the act. The Secretary
of the Treasury who preceded me, Mr. Chase,
gaveit that construction, and acted accordingly.
He doubted with regard to captured property
or property which was said to be captured atid
delivered over by a military or naval officer.
He referred the matter to the Solieitof 6f the-
. Treasury for his opinion. The Solicitor of the
Treasury gave in writing the opinion' which has
been read here, that the revisory power of the
Secretary applied to all property, whether
abandoned or captured, that was taken by mis-
take ; that the Secretary of the Treasury had'
a perfect right and power to reexamine and
decide upon those questions. When I came
to look at it I concurred with that opinion,
that it did apply to both; that the power was
ample. I acted accordingly so far as I did
act, but not on many cases. The question
was afterward referred to Attorney General
Speed, and his opinion has been read, sustain-
ing the opinion of the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury throughout. The extracts from his opin-
ion read by the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois were on a totally different question, and
a question that arose under different cireiim-
stances.
After the great amount of the Savannah
cotton was ascertained President Lincoln
suggested—the suggestion came from him—
whether there was not some way in which these
claims could be settled without requiring the
claimants to go through the Court of Claims,
and he suggested to the Secretary of the Treas-'
ury whether a commission might not be ap-
pointed to examine them. The Secretary of
the Treasury referred the matter to the Attor-
ney General for his opinion, and the Attorney
General decided that no commission could
be then appointed ; that under the law as it
stood property clearly captured, as the Savan-
nah cotton was, must be sold and the proceeds
paid into the Treasury, and then the claimants
must go to the Conrt of Claims; but he decided
in a case shortly afterward, where the papers
were sent to him, that the Secretary of tho
Treasury had full power in regard to abandoned
property, and property which was not, in fact,
captured, to act according to his discretion
with reference to reexamining the cases. I
have his opinion here, delivered in a very
striking case, and that was in the case of thfi
money captured when Jeff. Davis was taken.
It was claimed by the Richmond banks, and
the Attorney General gave an opinion that that
Property was not captured property, that the
Richmond banks were entitled to it, and that
the Secretary should give it up; but the Secre-
tary holds on to it to this day on the ground
of some further evidence afforded to him with
regard to it. In this opinion the Attorney
General says that property taken by the mili-
tary authorities is not necessarily captured
property because taken by the military author-
ities.
I can give the Senator an illustration taken
from another case involving a considerable
amount of money which I acted upon, and
which was a very difficult question. It was the
cage of certain New Orleans cotton. Under
one of the permits to which I have referred a
