3262
THE (JONGRESSION" AL GLOBE.
June 18,
, " JEithor the company should be compelled to build
the road through to Galveston, or to construct one
huudred and liity miles of the branch by way of !
Emporia.
"lion. William Spriggs, who is well acquainted
with those lands, told us (hat they were unexcelled
by any lauds on which he had ever set his eyes. It
is a low e&.imate to call them worth $8,000,000 more
thiio the company pay tor them, and \t is notextrav-
aganttosay that the company will realize $25,000,000
lor them.
" By no means-would wc say anything to defeat the
road ; but we would plead for its speedy construc-
tion. Let the treaty be so amended as to require a
sufficient amount of road to be constructed, first
upon the main .line, then on the branch toward
Emporia. The Neosho valley, that enterprising and
piosperous portion ot Kansas, on and near which
these lands He, have lights in the public domain.
The Rood sense of the managers of this enterprise
ought to teach them that the enormity of this grant
requites them at once to suggest such amendments.
" Never was such an opportunity presented for the
development of a country as is now offered to south-
ern Kansas m this treaty, and our Senators and
Congressman will have u heavy responsibility rest-
ing upon them if this $25,0flfl,{)00 worth of land is not
made to construct at leastsix hundred miles of Kan-
sas railroads.'*
Mr. CLARKlC, of Kansas. I also call atten-
tion to the following article from the Lawrence
Republican:
"The principle on which this treaty is founded, as
wc understand it, is the puichase of eight million
acres ot very choice lands irom the Os;ige Indians by
the Government at twenty cents per acre, and a
donation of all the net profits arising from the sule
of the same to the endowment of railroads in Kansas.
" The net proceeds from these lands have been vari-
ously estimated at irom eight to twenty-live million
dollars; and we think wc aie safe in saying that
$16,000,000 can be realized from that source without
seriously retarding- the settlement of the country.
"This settled, the next question arising is, how
shall this sum be appropriated? The treaty, in its
present shape, appropnates the whole sum to tne
construction of one hundred and fifty miles of the
Galveston railroad, amounting to more thun #100,000
per mile, which no ono can fail to recognize as a reek-
less waste of resources, and ono which, if submitted
to, will convict, our Senators in Congress of the
grossest neglect of the best interests of the State
thev represent.
" Wo look upon the Galveston railroad as an enter-
pri.se in a national point of view, second only to the
Union Pacific; and in the first placo this treaty
should be so amended by the Senate as to secure the
construction ot that road beyond contingency. This
most desirable object can be effected by the appro-
priation of one half of the sum above named, which
would be equal to a donation of $16,000 per mile for
a. distance of five hundred miles. At that distance
from the present terminus of the road, the road now
being constructed from Galveston northward would
be met. No one can doubt, for a moment, that a
donation of this magnitude, and the liberal land
grants already made to this road, together with what
theCherokeesandthe StatcofTexasproposeto give,
will make it the mos-t richly endowed road on the
continent, ami secure its speedy construction beyond
a doubt.
" What shall we do with the remaining eight mil-
lions, equal to an endowment of $16,000 per mile for
five hundred additional miles ofrailroadin Kansas?
We could use one fourth ot that sum in the construc-
tion of the Emporia and Olathe railroads, of the
first importance, and enterprises worthy of the first
consideration. This still leaves us six millions for
other roads that are alike needy and equally im-
portant.
It is in the power of the Senate so to amend this
treaty as to secure the construction of atleastone
thousand miles of railroad in the place of the one
hundred and fifty, as provided for in the treaty, and
our Senators thus have an opportunity of conferring
benefits on all parts of the State that they represent
of the first magnitude. We trust they will not let
the opportunity pass without improvement."
The Junction City Union, an influential
journal, published in the interior of Kansas,
speaks as follows:
" Much indignation has been created throughout
the State by the unfairness of and manifest swindle
existing in the terms of the treaty made with the
Osages. It was made entirely in the interest of the
Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Galveston Company,
whose road does not touch the lands. The tract
treated for consists of eight million acres on the
south border of Kansas, and is fifty miles north and
south by two hundred and fifty east and west. It,
comprises nearly ono fifth the Stater, and is fertile
and pruductive in the extreme. This land all goes
to a railroad company for $1,600,000, or twenty cents
per acre, no endowment for State schools, and no
provisions made for the half-breeds. Other compa-
nies desired to purchase tne lands, but the commis-
sioners refused their propositions, claiming they were
only authorized to treat in behalf of the Lawrence
and Galveston Company. There is no security to
the Indians for the payment of their money, only
§100,000 being paid in money within three months
from the ratification of the treaty, and the residue in
the bonds of the company, running through a period
of fifteen years. . , ...
"It is claimed that the land i« sufficient to build
th: ee or foui railroads. While it is manifestly unjust
to Government and dishonest to grant such extrava-
gantly liberal donations, the State of Kansas has a
; far greater interest in the manner of the disposition
j of the land. The policy of making land grants to
railroad companies has become oppressive by the
high rates fixed upon the land, whereas if the terms
of treaty established that the proceeds of the land
should go to railroad companies, the settlement of
the country is rapidly promoted instead of retarded.
We understand that Congressman Clarke^months
ago announced that he would fight the ratification
oi any treaty which stipulated t hat the land, instead
of the proceeds, should go to a railroad company.
Some very bitter opposition has sprung up to this
treaty, and we hope lor tho good of the S5ato it may
fail to be ratified."
I might quote from many other journals of
my State extracts of the name importance* but
this is unnecessary. But not only the press,
but the people appeal to as for relief from this
threatened injustice. I ask to have read the
following letter from a well-known citizen of
Kansas.
The Clerk read as follows :
Verdi, Kansas, June 7,186S.
Dear Sir: I wish to say that the treaty recently
made with the Great and Little Osage Indians, in-
cluding the trust lands,-ve regard as wrong in prin-
ciple. The public domain, as fast as the title of the
Indian is extinguished, should be held sacred to tho
use of the settler who by his laboi improv es and cul-
tivates, and by so doing develops the country. Tho
purchase of millions of acres to be owned by one in-
dividual or company is dangerous. Place one fifth
of this State in tho control of one company and you
build up monopolies that we cannot but regard as
very dangerous. I am living on the trust landshore.
We supposed tho laud being treated for we had a
right to settle, and by proclamation of sale had a
right to think that ere this we would be in possession
of a certificate of purchase from the Government.
But, instead, there seems to have been a studied effort
to drop us in the dark, and now there arc various
rumors: first, that there is no provision for the set-
tler; second, that there is some kind of partial pro-
vision by which some of us must lose largely of our
improvement. We learn, also, there is no provision
at all for those that were settled on the Osage dimin-
ished reserve. This would ruin many families who
have expended all their means on the land. What
I want is for you to exercise your influence in behalf
of the settler, and save our young State, ot which we
arc justly proud, from tho clutches of such soulless
corporations.
Lvcr yours. .). A. Jji.A-N r..
Hon. Sid.nky Clabke, M. C.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The following
letter is but one of many of tho same character:
Verdi, Wilson County, Kansas,
June 7, 186S.
Sir: Permit me to call yourattention to the treaty
made with the Osage Indians in favor of S'urges &
Co., May 27th last. Every settler here feels that the
treaty is. a, great swindle.
The settlers living on the Indian land are not re-
spected in tho treaty, and the settlers on the trust
land are not given the privileges that are usually
given by tho Government in ^electing their claims,
and, what is still more important, have to settle with
a company instead of the Government, and take a
bond for a deed and wait fifteen years for a good
title. No one here wants to trust a company in this
way.
I will not attempt to give any further particulars,
but earnestly ask you to. look into the matter and
stand between the settlers and this great wrong,
which I trust you will do.
Respectfully, your obedient servant.
E. II. P ARRIS.
Hon. Sidney Clarke.
The following sets forth the facts in reference
to the settlers on the trust lands :
Humboldt, Kansas, June 3, 1868.
Dear Sir: Knowing you to be the friend of the
settler, I would call your attention to & matter of the
most vital interest to a large portion of your constit-
uency—tho settlers on the Osage trust lands. The
treaty iust made with the Oage^s, and soon to be
referred to the Senate for ratification, provides that
the settler shail purchase one hundred and sixty
1 acres at $1 25, but it restricts the settler to the limits
of tho same quarter section, which, if ratified in its
present form, will be most ruinous to the settler.
There arc three facts that must be taken into con-
sideration in determining the rightsof the settler.
1. A large proportion of the settlements were made
prior to the Government survey, and they could not
locate their claims m reference to quarter section
lines. 2. The entries under the fourth article were
irregular in shape, leaving the adjoining claims also
in an irregular shape—so the settler cannot enter
one hundred and sixty acres in the same quarter sec-
tion. 3. Also, the settler made his improvements
with the view of purchasing his lands at public sale,
and of course could have purchased in any shape.
In perhaps the majority of instances two or three
settlers live on the same quarter section, with their
improvements around, so under this provision all
but one will be defeated in his entry, and he can enter
all the improvements that happen to be on his quar-
ter section without any reference to the owners
thereof.
From what I know personally and haveheard from
all sections of the trust lands as to the location, of
the settlers' improvements, I know they are in no
instances located in reference to section line. Under
such an unjust provision throe fonrtH?^®,3hreik
would suffer more or less, while many it would hi onK
ud entirely, for they have spent their all m thejr
improvements, all for v hat? Just to give thairail-
road a few more acres oi land at sixteen cent, p
acre, to the ruin of the set.tler.
I was present at the council and called the atten-
tion of the commissioners to these tacts, and they
assured me that they would so change tha t article as
to 8ive the settler his improvements, which A sup-
posed was done till I saw abatement of it this id: .ril-
ing in the Lawrence Journal.
there without consulting Mr. Sturges, and ot course
he would oppose it and the three commissioners must
yield. Such a gross outrage must be checked, and
the settlers are all looking to you as ,their
ative and friend to euarO their interests. I know
I express the wishes of thousands of settlers, and
X most earnestly hope you will give your especial
attention to this matter. niTPQ
Very respectfully, J. B. P. CATfcb.
Ilor.. Sidney Clarke, Washington, D. C.
At this moment the following letter has been
referred to me by the honorable gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Washbubxe : J
Lawrence, Kansas, June 2,1868.
Sib: A treaty has just been forced from the 0«age
Tndinns, whereby they sell all their diminished re-
serve and trust lands, embracing eight million acres,
to the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and (galveston iiaii-
road Company for $1,600,000, payable in sixteen semi-
annual installments. Three eiehths of said land are
the finest in Kansas for farming, while the remainder
is inexhaustibly rich in mineral wealth. The inten-
tion now is to rush this treaty hastily through the Sen-
ate upon the talse assumption that unle.-s theO-ages
arc at once removed bloody collisions with tiie whites
will ensue, The treaty was drafted some time since
at Washington. The settlers and those who shall
desire cheap homes tor many years to come can rely
only on you and such of your associates as are opposed
to the usurpations of monopolies tor relief. Appreci-
ating your previous efforts in this direction, I now
write you in behalf of all poor men who may in the
next ten years desire to emigrate West, and request
that you will institute an inquiry as to the means
whereby so iniquitous a treaty was obtained, and why
actual settlers are not allowed to obtain, by the terms
thereof, their homes at SI 25 per acre, instead of sell-
ing to a monopoly at fourteen cents per acre on six-
teen years time.
I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,
HENRY C. WHITNEY.
Hon. E. 13. Washbubxe, Washington, D. C.
But I must not detain the House with these
appeals for justice. I will conclude this testi-
mony with the following:
Osage Trust Lands, Wilson County, Kansas.
Dear Sir: By request of many citizens of Kansas
living upon the public domain, X send you this note,
asking your influence in behalf of settlers so located.
Many settlers came on these lands treated for by Mr.
Sturges this season, and located themselves as per-
manent settlers of this State. A great number are
now raising the necessaries of life upon the iarms of
older settlers, and cannot work their own "claims'*
until crops arc made. Towns have been surveyed
and improved. Cannot such settlers and companies
rolv upon your protection in Congress?
Yours, &c.,
JAMES J. BARRETT, M. D.
Hon. Sidney Clarke.
Mr. Speaker, aside from all this, aside from
the great injustice the treaty perpetrates upon
the people of ray State, it is wrong in princi-
ple. wrong in fact, and ought to be earnestly
and sternly resisted by the Congress of the
United States. I pass, then, to the considera-
tion of the power of this House over this ques-
tion. Perhaps if we act in accordance with
the past policy of the Government in reference
to the transfer of these Indian reservations to
individuals and private corporations we have
little power in connection with this question j
but, sir, representing the people of the United
States, representing the interests of the whole
country, it appears to raeit is within the prov-
ince, and within the jnst prerogatives and
powers, of this House to enter its protest, hav-
ing the facts before it, on an examination into
the case by one of the legally constituted com-
mittees of the House.. It is cleai'ly within our
power to enter a protest against the ratification
of this treaty on behalf of the United States ;
and to say to the Senate that if that remark-
able treaty is ratified by that body we will not
make the appropriation to carry it out, and will
nut recognize its validity.
Mr. WASHBUJJN, of Wisconsin, I wish
to inquire of the gentleman what provision of
the treaty there is that requires legislation to
carry it, out. Is there any appropriation re-
quired by the terms of the treaty?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I am not able
