1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3263
to answer the gentleman only in a general
way—that there are some appropriations neces-
sary to be made by Congress to carry out the
provisions of some treaty ; not the one to which
1 am now alluding—in regard to the disposi-
tion of the land.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Kansas if the title to
the land is not now in the Indians, and whether
it is to-day a part of the public domain.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The In-
dians have a mere possessory right there after
all.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. That question
has been up before this House heretofore, and
I believe this body has repeatedly expressed
its opinion that the Indians have only a pos-
sessory right so far as this reservation is con-
cerned, and that it is not in the power of the
Senate but of Congress to dispose of the land,
which, as I said before, properly belongs to
the public domain of the United States when-
ever it shall be transferred from the possessory
right of the Indians.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
ine one moment upon that very question ?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The committee, as I
understand, do not undertake to decide the
question whether the Indians have a possess-
ory right to the land or a right in fee-simple.
But it is conceded on all hands that they can-
not alienate the land, whatever title they may
have to it, except to the United States. That
is the stipulation. The question now is
whether a few worthless Indians may be
brought to Washington or some men not much
more deserving sent out there to treat with
them, and a treaty may be made with them in
this way, by "which the United States are made
to consent to the alienation of this land to a
body of speculators that may happen to fall in
with the Indians and get control of their agent.
The committee were of opinion, I believe all
who were present—at all events I was of that
opinion—that the consent to be given by the
United States was not within the treaty-mak-
ing power ; that the President and the Senate
could not give that consent to the alienation
of this large body of land belonging to the
public; that we could not carve out a tract
of eight million acres of land, as large as the
States of Massachusetts, Connecticut, and
Rhode Island all together, and put it under
the control of a few speculators. They may
be very good men, and we have no objection
to their making a fortune legitimately, but we
do object to putting this land beyond the con-
trol of the United State and closing it to the right
of settlement. The question now is, will the
Hdn.se consent that the control over this vast
domain shall, under a wrong interpretation of
the treaty-making power, be confined to the
bands of a few men, who have in the first
place got the consent of the Indian depart-
ment and of the President, then the consent
of a committee of the Senate, and lastly, the
consent of the Senate itself. Shall this land
belong to the nation or to these men?
Sir, for myself I intend never to give my con-
sent to allowing the treaty-making power to
add to or dimmish the domain of this country.
It has no power either to cede away the State
of Maine to Great Britain or to acquire new
territory on the Northwest, or to exercise ex-
clusive control of the House of Representatives
over the limits of this country either to contract
or enlarge them.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Now, Mr.
Speaker, I desire to say a few words in refer-
ence to the settlement of these lands, after
which I will yield the floor to others who desire
to be heard. When it came to my knowledge
that an attempt was made to make a treaty
with the Great and Little Osage Indians, I pre-
sented to the chairman of the commission the
views which I entertained as a Representative
from the State of Kansas in reference to the
provisions which should be incorporated into
the proposed treaty. And 1 will say here that
these Indian reservations, by the permission
of the Interior Department and of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, are occupied at
this moment by thousands of settlers who have
gone there in good faith and established their
homes, built school-houses and churches, and
introduced all the elements of civilization.
Now, sir, the Secretary of the Interior ought
to have known, if he did not know months ago,
these facts. Under this state of facts, when it
came to my knowledge that a proposition was
to be made to treat with these Indians for this
land I presented to the chairman of the com-
mission the views which I entertained upon
the subject in the interest of the people of my
State, a copy of which I hold in my hand.
In this paper I insisted that right and justice
demanded that this great body of land should
be opened up to the operation of the preemp-
tion and homestead laws of the United States.
But I said that if that could not be done, that
if this land was to be transferred to a railroad
corporation, then I insisted, in the interest of
the people I represent, that this land should
be opened to settlers at $1 25 an acre, the
railroad company taking the profit between
nineteen cents an acre and $1 25 an acre,which
would yield to the company several million
dollars in the course of the next four or five
years. At the same time I urged upon the
commission the propriety of protecting the
settlers upon another portion of this Osage
reservation included within the provisions of a
bill which has already passed this House, and
is awaiting the action of the Senate. I ex-
pressed the opinion that unless these essential
provisions were incorporated in this treaty in
the interest not only of the people of my State
but of the people of the whole country who
pay the taxes and have an interest in the pub-
lic domain of the United States, the treaty
could not and ought not to receive the sanc-
tion of the Senate of the United States:
House op Representatives,
Washington, D. C., April 13,1868.
Sir: In a conversation on Friday last you informed
inc of the appointmont of yourself and other gentle-
men as a commission to make a new treaty with the
Great and Little Osage Indians, with the view of
extinguishing the title to their lands in the State of
Kansas, and removal to a new reservation in the
Indian territory. This result is most ardently de-
sired by the people of my State, is m accordance with
the wilt of Congress expressed several years since,
and is in harmony with the interests of the Indians
and of the Government.
J3ut there is another question in which Kansas,
and the whole country, has a deep interest, and to
which I desire to call your attention and the atten-
tion of your associates on the commission, before
you enter upon the duties assigned you. I refer to
the manner of extinguishing the Indian title to the
diminished reservation, and the opening of the same
to the vast flow of emigration now seeking new
homes in southern and southwestern Kansas. The
land for which you are to treat comprises about
eight million acres. It is fertile in its soil, situated
in a mild climate, is well wateiedand wooded, .and
must be in everyway vastly attractive to the mul-
titude of people now seeking homes on the new
lands of the continent.
Sound public policy, as well as the interests of the
Indians themselves, demands that this great body
of land should be opened up for settlement at once,
and placed in a position where the settlers can ob-
tain perfect titles, and at a price not exceedingSl 25
per acre.
It would be far preferable, and but justice to our
pioneer settlers, to have this land opened up to
homestead entry. But if this cannot bo done, then
the people of my State and the public interests gen-
erally unite in the demand that the new treaty shall
provide for preemption rights at the usual price per
acre. It is estimated that seventy-live thousand
people are now on their way to, and are making
arrangements to settle in the State of Kansas the
present year. Indeed, it is not improbable that the
increase of our population wilt be double that num-
ber. Most ot these people are seeking for new and
cheap lands. In behalf of these hardy pioneers,
many of whom fought for the defense of the Govern-
ment, whose protection they now ask from all sys-
tems of land monopoly, I earnestly appeal. As the
only Representative of myState in thelower branch
of Congress, I shall insist that ail future treaties for
the acquisition ol Indian reserves in Kansas be based
upon the principle I have indicated, namely, that
the lands be opened up to actual settlers, free from
all schemes of speculation and monopoly so disas-
trous to the prosperity of the new States.
I am advised that propositions will be made by
railroad corporations to secure these lands by abso-
lute purchase, to this I have no objection, provided
the company making the purchase build the road
through the land?, and they are imraediatelyopened
to settlement at Government price. There is prob-
ably about two million acres east of the Arkansas
river and six million acres west of said river. T as-
sume thatthe purchase can bemadefrom thelndians
at a price not exceeding 81,500,000, and certainly not
exceeding $2,OOO.OUO. The-profits derived from the
sale of the laud to actual settlers during the next
five years would yield enough money to build the
Galveston road to the Arkansas river, at Fort Gib-
son, or run a road west or southwest an equal dis-
tance. Thus the interests of railroads and of the
State and of actual settlers would be al! subserved,
and a land policy established which would add greatly
to the growth and wealth of the State I represent. 1
do not indicate the details of this policy, but if rail-
road companies desire to purchase, the principles I
have indicated can be easily incorporated in the
detailed provisions of the proposed treaty.
There is another important question to which I
earnestly call your attention,
The settlers on the land ceded and sold by tho
treaty proclaimed January 21,18(57, are yet without
titles to their homes.
A joint resolution has been passed by tho House of
Representatives for the relief of these settlers and is
now ponding in the Senate. I appeal to your com-
mission to meet the settlers referred to in fall and
free conference, and in the treaty you are about to
make, provide for the fall recognition of their rights,
as you havo abundant power to do, and thus settle
the question, already too long at issue, in the inter-
ests of justice. I also recommend that you insert a
clause in the new treaty recognizing the full power
ot Congress to legislate hereafter.
The importance of the questions to which I have
referred to the interests of a large portion of my con-
stituents, and the pressing necessities of immediate
solution makes no apology on my part necessary in
thus earnestly addressing you, and through you the
gentlemen of the commission.
The title to the land of a country is the first ques-
tion to be considered in any point of view. Espe-
cially is this true in a State like Kansas, where the
people are devoted to agricultural and pastoral pur-
suits. It is for such a people I have the honor to
seek for justice at your hands, aswell as for the land-
less millions of the country now seeking for new
homes where they can add so materially to the wealth
and power of the nation.
It is but proper to add that in my opinion no treaty
that does not open the lands to immediate settle-
ment, essentially in accordance with the views I have
suggested, can or ought to receive the approval of
the Senate.
I ask you to make my views known to your coin-
mission and to tho Secretary of the Interior.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
SIDNEY CLARKE.
Hon. N. G. Taylor, Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Washington, 1). C.
Notwithstanding that I represent the State
in which this large body of lands is situated,
no attention has been paid to the views which
I presented in the interest of the people of
that State and of the whole country ; but this
treaty has been made in the interest of pri-
vate parties and in the interest of a corpora-
tion. I have strenuously insisted that this land
should be open to settlement by some process
at SI 25 per acre, so that the people of my
State and of all the States, whenever the treaty
shall be concluded, shall have the privilege of
entering on these lands at the Government
price, yielding the homestead privilege, which,
on reflection, I think I ought not to have
yielded in reference to so large a body of lands
and so favorably situated for immediate settle-
ment. But desiring to encourage this great
public enterprise, desiring to secure as speedily
as possible this outlet to the Gulf of Mexico
from the interior of the continent by the com-
pletion of this great public thoroughfare now
in process of construction, I was willing that
this railroad company should receive the profit
between the purchase money, nineteen cents
per acre, and $1 25, which would yield them
sufficient money to make a continuous line of
railroad from Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, to
Galveston bay, in the State of Texas. But not
satisfied with that, not satisfied with this rea-
sonable proposition, the gentleman interested,
or rather the proprietor of this road—for one
man has furnished all the money for the con-
struction—has seen fit to bring before the
Senate of the United States a treaty which
strikes down in the most ingenious manner the
rights of the State of Kansas as a whole, as
well as the rights of the people of all the
States, and urges the Senate to indorse such
an unjust proposition.
Now, sir, it seems to me that the action pro-
posed by the Committee on Indian Affairs, to
whom this subject has been referred, is just
and proper. It seems to me that the House
ought not to sit idly by and see eight million
acres of the public domain of the tinted
States transferred by treaty into the hands ot
a corporation or of one individual, this House)
