1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4287
And I wish Senators especially to pay atten-
tion to this. This report says that—
" Every defect which this location has for naviga-
tion might have been avoided by a practicable loca-
tion one and a half mile below."
There are four reasons assigned in this report
why that bridge has never been condemned and
why that bridge cannot be condemned. In the
first place, there is no three hundred feet span
about it that is practicable for navigation. By
the rip-raps, or the obstructions that have been
thrown around the base of the piers for the
purpose of warding off the rafts, there are but
two hundred and fifty feet left for the purposes
of navigation. No shipping merchant of Pitts-
burg, therefore, no man has ever yet had the
privilege of running his rafts or of navigating
there with a channel of three hundred feet.
They have access to only two hundred and
fifty feet, and you cannot therefore condemn a
span of three hundred feet when the obstruc-
tions around the base of the piers are such as
that they never did use and cannot use this
day more than two hundred and fifty feet.
But there is more thau that in the location
of that bridge. That bridge with its three
hundred feet span cannot be used as a three
hundred feet span, because this report says it
has been located in a bend of the river, and
this report says that there is an additional
drawback upon the use of three hundred feet
under that bridge, and it is that before you
approach it, about one mile and a half above,
there is such a change in the current by virtue
of a curve in the river that you have to reverse
the machinery of your steamboat or your pad-
dle wheels as you approach the bridge, and
are not in condition when you reach it there-
fore to pass it with entire safety.
But this report further says that with all the
difficulties, with all the drawbacks, with all that
results from an improper and unscientific
knowledge in the construction of that bridge,
it is perfectly safe to pass it in the day, and
that it is passed with safety.
It is further admitted in this report in regard
to that bridge that if the location had been
made in such amanner as that the piers should
have been at right angles to the current of the
river, the whole space might have been occu-
pied which was clear; but the piers have been
placed in such a manner that they do not stand
at right angles to the current of the river, and
on that account several feet of the space are
entirely lost, and cannot be occupied.
I hold, therefore, that the bridge at Steu-
benville has never been condemned, and it
never can be condemned until it stands upon
a clear, straight, and unobstructed current
with a span of three hundred feet. This report
admits if it were put in such a position as
that, navigation need not necessarily be im-
peded by the bridge. Its present location is
unfortunate, and therefore there is no such
thing as three hundred feet of span for the pur-
poses of navigation, and you cannot condemn
the idea of a bridge for that purpose with three
hundred feet span until you change the loca-
tion of that bridge, place it under other cir-
cumstances, and give it a scientific location ;
and that is the language of this report itself.
I hold, so far as that is concerned, that the
interests of commerce and the interests of
travel from east to west by railroad are as great
as the interests of the coal trade of the city
of Pittsburg and the shores of the Ohio. That
is the only interest against it. The assumption
is that with a front of barges which shall meas-
ure one hundred and fifty feet there necessarily
ought to be a wider place ; but there is no ne-
cessity whatever that one hundred and fifty feet
should be established as the front of barges with
the tow-boats in order to establish a rule upon
this subject. That coal interest can be carried
on, and successfully carried on.
The increase of insurance is another argu-
ment. We understand that perfectly well.
Insurance companies necessarily will take ad-
vantage of whatever may be supposed to be an
obstruction, and for every pier that shall be
placed in the channel of the Ohio river they
will thank God and take courage and put up
their rates of insurance higher. It is a godsend
to them that you give them a law which will
enable them to have a justifiable pretext, as
they will aver, for increasing the rates of insur-
ance, and they will give you a scale of insurance
that will go up for every pier that you place in
the channel of the Ohio, not necessarily, but
because they may have the opportunity under
the action of the bill.
I do not pretend to understand this subject
scientifically, but I do pretend to understand
that you cannot condemn the bridging of the
Ohio in that latitude from the fact that an
insufficient bridge improperly located, that never
gave three hundred feet at all, and never, under
any circumstances, more than two hundred
feet of space, has been built.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I hope we
shall take the vote at once now, and that there
will be no more speaking. The friends of the
measure do not desire to speak at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not design to occupy
any time this evening ; but the Senator from
Indiana seemed to have forgotten the subject,
and discoursed at conc-iderable length in regard
to the capacity and qualifications of those who
felt it to be proper in the discharge of their
public duty to oppose this bill. When a man
leaves his subject in order to discourse upon
the knowledge and capacity of those who op-
pose him it only argues that the subject is
weak, and that he thinks attention may be
diverted from it to something else.
The Senator remarked that the tactica of
those who opposed this bill had been peculiar.
At firat I did not understand that; but now I
begin to see through it, and yet I do not un-
derstand precisely what tactics were alluded
to. I am one of those who embraced every
opportunity to investigate and understand this
question and make as early a report as could
be made. We heard what was presented to us
as members of the committee, principally, how-
ever, from men engaged in the river traffic and
trade, men who were in the habit of going up
and down the river, and who regarded any kind
of a bridge a great obstruction, and thought
that no bridge was consistent with the public
interest.
Mr. CAMERON. I beg the Senator from
Kansas to allow me to make a motion to go
into executive session. Have I his permis-
sion?
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator desires an
executive session, very well. I am not in any
hurry.
Mr. CAMER.ON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought the Senator was
in favor of the passage of this bill, and on that
account I did not suppose he would favor an
executive session now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Sena-
tor from Kansas will allow me, I desire to
make a suggestion. As this bill has been dis-
cussed at considerable length, and I confess
for one that my own mind has been thrown in
some doubt by the discussion of the question,
as I am not an engineer, the suggestion I wish
to make is that we amend the bill by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting :
That the Secretary of War, with the approval
of the President, shall appoint a board of scientiiic
engineers, to consist of not less than seven, who
shall report to the next session of Congress the
proper width of span in railroad bridges across the
Ohio river adequate to the wants of navigation aud
commerce upon that river; and that until Congress
shall by law take action upon said report no bridge
shall be erccted over said river.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Kan-
sas gave way to my motion to go into execu-
tive session.
Mr. POMEROY. I yield the floor if the
Senator from Pennsylvania desires.
Mr. CAMERON. I make that motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator will
allow me, I will offer my amendment that it
may be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I have 110 objection to
the amendment. I rather think it is a good
one.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not engineer
enough to determine this question. I should
like to see the report of a board of engineers
appointed by the Secretary of War, and 111 the
meanwhile suspend building bridges. Then
when wehave the report we can act at the next
session.
Mr. CAMERON. I thought I had the.
floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No ; I have the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The meet-
ing this evening was expressly to consider
this bill, and the Chair had some doubts as to
whether the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania was in order. But as the whole mat-
ter is under the control of the Senate, the
Chair will put the question on the motion of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 21, noes 16.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the yeas and
nays, and desire to say just one word. My col-
league has felt from the first a great deal of
interest in this bill. His health does not per-
mit hiin to remain constantly in the Senate
without inconvenience. He has desired to
leave and expected this bill to be disposed of
to-night, and I think it is due to him to allow '
him that opportunity. He had not expected
to remain until this hour of the session; but
representing one of the States that is washed
by the Ohio river he has felt it to be his duty
to urge this measure upon the attention of the
Senate. I take a great deal of interest in see-
ing this matter come to a vote to-night, on his
account, though I have taken no leading part
in it myself. I think, if the Senate will reflect
a moment, they will allow this bill to come to
a vote. If it is not the pleasure of the Senate
to pass it, it can be rejected, and that will
end it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me, I will say I voted for an
executive session because I thought the hon-
orable Senator himself [Mr. Mobton] voted
for it.
Mr. CONNESS. Oh, no.
Mr. CONKLING'. Mr. President, is this
motion debatable?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not want to debate
it, but I asked permission of the Senate to say
that much of a personal sort.
Mr. ANTnONY. Although the motion is
not debatable, I hope I may bo allowed by
general consent to say this: if the Senate is
prepared to vote upon this bill, there is no dif-
ficulty in taking the vote ; but if we are going
to debate it for a longer time, I think there are
other matters that demand the attention of
the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am sure that if the
Senator from Rhode Island wished to go home,
and had charge of an important bill, we would
all endeavor to gratify him by disposing of it.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to make a propo-
sition. It is that if Senators will agree to take
the vote on this biU I will withdraw my mo-
tion for an executive session. What does the
Senator from Kansas say to that ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot understand a conditional motion. Does
the Senator from Pennsylvania withdraw the
motion he made ?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir ; I withdraw it.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY\ Is that the amendment
I had the honor of suggesting?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas to the amendment of the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CONNESS. Let it be read
The Chief Clerk. The Committee on I ost
Offices and Post Roads proposed to fill the
blank in line ten of the first section by insert-
