32m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1%
representing the people, exercising no control
or supervision over the matter whatever. The
time has come here and now for us to exercise
the prerogatives which properly belong to us,
to put a stop to this.outrage, this wrong, which
is being inflicted upon the people of this coun-
try by transactions of this character, which of
late have been far too frequent.
This treaty is not alone involved in a proper
decision of this question. There are other
treaties at this moment pending in the Senate
proposing to transfer other Indian reserves—
in fact other Indian reserves have been trans-
ferred into the hands of railway companies and
private parties to the detriment of the interests
of the people. And if this IIous£ shall, by
refusing to exercise its power, by refusing to
express its opinion, sanction this coarse of
proceeding, how long will it be before the whole
public domain of the United States will be
absorbed by these unjustifiable means, and it
will be beyond our reach to arrest this great
wrong.
The Committee on Indian Affairs have thought
proper to report these resolutions and to ask
for them the favorable consideration of this
House to assert the power which we properly
possess in this matter, expressing our opinion
as one of the coordinate branches of Congress,
presuming that the Senate wilt respect that
opinion, and hesitate before they give their
sanction to this flagrant injustice.
I now yield for ten minutes to the chairman
of the Committee on the Public Lands, [Mr.
Julian.]
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, the measure
now before the House involves the disposition
of a large portion of land in the State of Kan-
sas, which ought to be dealt with as public
land of the United States. I therefore desire
to speak briefly,upon the question before us.
Some ten days ago I introduced a resolu-
tion in this House calling on the President to
inform the House by what authority and for
what reason the large tract of territory re-
ferred to was conveyed directly to a railroad
corporation in the State of Kansas, and not to
the United States, by which the disposition of
it would have devolved upon Congress? The
President replied, through Secretary Brown-
ing, that the treaty then pending had not been
officially communicated by the commissioners,
and he could not therefore give the desired
information.
The gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Clarke]
thereupon introduced another resolution call-
ing on the President for the same and some
additional information relative to this treaty.
The President, in reply, informed the House
that the treaty had been sent to the Senate,
and being a secret document he could not tell
us anything in relation to it.
And thus the Representatives of the people
are left without any definite, certainly without
any official knowledge, respecting this singular
trunsp.ction; this monstrous project, involving
the disposition of so large a portion of the
domain of Kansas. To obtain this knowledge
and bring it before this House was the purpose
of the committee whose report is now before us.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the facts in this case are
so very remarkable that I must beg the particu-
lar attention of the House to what I have to
say. The land referred to consists of a body
fifty miles wide and two hundred aud fifty miles
long, containing, -consequently, twelve thou-
sand five hundred squarefBijles or eight million
acres, which, divided by one hundred and sixty,
will give an aggregate of fifty thousand home-
steads of one hundred aud sixty acres each;
and allowing every head of a family to repre-
sent an average of five persons—which is the
ordinary computation—it would sustain a popu-
lation of two hundred and fifty thousand. The
territory is larger than either of the States of
Rhode Island, Delaware, Connecticut, Massa-
chusetts, Vermont, New Jersey, New Hamp-
shire, or Maryland. It lacks but little of being
large enough to enable you to carve out of it
three such States as Massachusetts, Connec-
ticut, and Delaware.
Yet, it is proposed to transfer the whole of
this domain, by a pretended Indian treaty, to
a single railroad corporation in the State of
Kansas, in utter disregard of the rights of the
great body of the bona file settlers on tiie
land, in defiance of the authority of Congress
over our Indian reservations, the moment the
right of occupancy by the Indians is relin-
quished, and in shameless disregard of the
equal rights of other railroad corporations to
the aid of the Government. Such a trans-
action needs no other exposure than its bare
statement to secure for it the condemnation of
all honest men. All this land is to be sold to
this railroad corporation at nineteen cents per
acre, on a credit of fifteen years, payable in
equal annual installments, and in the stock of
the railroad company. And although a prop-
osition was made by another railroad corpora-
tion to pay $2,000,000, instead of $1,600,000,
and to reserve the sixteenth and thirty-sixth
sections for school purposes in the interest of
Kansas, and to protect the rights of settlers on
this laud, including the Indian half-breeds on
it, yet that proposition was contemptuously
spurned by the railroad company and the In-
dian commission having the matter in charge.
Mr. Speaker, this Indian commission was
appointed by one Andrew Johnson some time
ago, composed of men who seem to have been
admirably fitted for the work they have done.
Instead of being an Indian commission it has
proved itself to be a thieving commission,
whether its action is considered in relation to
the Iudians or to the settlers on the land or
to the Government itself. I mean exactly
what I say. I find certain expressive words
scattered here and there through the diction-
ary, and when I meet with a case like this I
feel justified in giving them fit employment.
It was a thieving commission, organized to
cheat the Indians, and aid and abet the cold-
blooded rapacity of railroad monopolists.
A Voice. Who are these commissioners?
Mr. JULIAN. The. names of the commis-
sioners are N. G. Taylor, Hon. Thomas Mur-
phy, superintendent of the central superintend-
ency; Colonel A. G. Boone; and Major Snow,
agent of the Osage Indians.
Sir, I repeat it, this was a commission for
swindling, spoliation, and plunder, and every
act of this transaction brands it as 1 have
branded it. In the name of honest people
everywhere, I denounce it as the foul job
of men who must have been chosen to per-
form it, and who have done their work with a
perfection of skill and workmanship that sur-
passes anything I have heard of in the way of
public plunder.
Mr. BORLEIGH. I ask the gentleman
whether he refers to the peace commission?
Mr. JULIAN. I am glad the gentleman
has asked that question, for I understand these
men are not the peace commission which has
gone out on a noble errand, but special com-
missioners appointed by the President of the
United States to "negotiate this swindle, a
swindle, as I am reliably informed, that was
concocted and worked up in the city of Wash-
ington a year ago between Mr. Sturges and the
men who have acted as his tools under the
name of Indian commissioners.
Mr. Speaker, these Great and Little Osage
Indians had no power to cede these lands to a
railroad corporation. They had, as the gen-
tleman on my right, has said, the right of occu-
pancy upon these lands under previous treaties
with the Government. The title was in the
United States, and their power over the lands
was simply the power of cession to the United
States, aud was exhausted the moment they
exercised that power.
Why, sir, has it come to this that we are to
sit here and recognize the right of the Presi-
dent and Senate to build railroads and make
land grants in contravention of the powers of
Congress? If we want to build the Leaven-
worth, Lawrence, and Galveston railroad, and
endow that company with land grants for the
purpose, it is for the Congress of the United
States to do it, and not the Osage Indians or
the treaty-making power. The Osage Indians,
as this House has repeatedly decided, had no
power to transfer these lands to any railroad
company. And the Senate has no power to
grant away the public domain, certainly not
by treating with Indians, who are the mere
wards of the United States, and have no title
to the land. , ,
Conceding the power referred to by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scomei, .]
the power of the President aud benate to cede
away a portion of the State of Maine, u is
wholly inapplicable to the treaty with these
minor children of the nation who have no title to
their lands and-no power by treaty, except to
cede their right of occupancy to the b mted
States. , ,
Mr. Speaker, since the year 18bl we have
had a new Indian policy. As I stated here on
another occasion, prior to 1800 all our treaties
with the Indian tribes went upon the principle
of directly granting to the United States the
lands upon which the Indians resided, and Ot
thus giving to Congress, at once,_ their^ man-
agement. In 1861 we began this policy of
special treaty stipulations by which the juris-
diction of Congress over the public domain has
been to a very great extent overthrown in the
interest of monopolists and thieves^ and. sir,
this Osage Indian treaty is the crowning flower
aud fruit, the rich culmination of the system. It
has grown worse and worse, and more and
more defiant, because it has been unchecked
in its course ; and this last ripe product of its
infernal achievements goes very far to make
respectable the ordinary thieves and pick-
pockets who have found their way into the
jails and penitentiaries of our country.
Mr. Speaker, I invoke the interposition of
this House, in the name of decency and of
common justice, in ehceking these flagrant out-
rages, and calling upon the Senate to repudiate
them. Let us say to our Senators thai we will
not recognize the validity of this treaty by
paying any of the expenses occasioned by it;
that we deny the rightof the President to exe-
cute titles under it, and that to our utmost we
condemn arid protest against it.
Mr. CLAKKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker,
when I was upon the floor I ought to have
staled that under this treaty it is within the
power of this company to break this contract
at any time. It may go on until it selects the
best lands and then terminate the contract,
leaving the poor lands to fall to the Govern-
ment. It may terminate the treaty at any time
without any penalty whatever. 1 yield now
five minutes to the gentleman from Indiana.
• Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, as a member
of the Committee on Indian Affairs of this
House, I am not willing to let this matter pass
without at least putting upon record, in addi-
tion to the committee's report, my denuncia-
tion of the origin, practice, and purpose of
this movement. I desire to call the attention
of the House to the fact that if this transaction
is permitted to be consummated by the con-
sent of this House another consequence muy
result. I he Cherokee nation, which is organ-
ized within the limits of this Government, can
as well sell out their whole domain to a stl of
speculators, either foriailroad or other pur-
poses, who rnay organize within this Go\em-
inent a State in the hands of a few men wl.o
would have absolute control of its lands, and
of course of its destiny, against the best interests
of the country and people. If we permit this
to be done in one portion of the territory of
the United States now, and we consent to the
establishment of the precedent, aud allow other
parties to do the same thing, the result will be
that all the vast region now controlled or occu-
pied by the Indians will become the property
of individuals, contrary to the settled policy
of this Government, which has been to open
all its domain to settlement aud improvement.
In addition to that it will necessarily require
appropriations of money out of the public
treasury to carry out these treaty stipula-
tions.
It should be the purpose of this Government
