182
SUPPLEMENT TO
true copy, carefully examined and compared with
the original resolution of the Senate, dated 13th May,
1800, and filed in this Department, confirming John
Marshall, of Virginia, to be Secretary of State, and
Samuel Dexter, of Massachusetts, to be Secretary oi
the Department of War.
In testimony whereof I, William H. Seward, Sec-
retary of State of the United States, have here-
unto subscribed my name and caused the seal of the
Department of State to be affixed.
Done at the city of Washington this 5th day of
r. . i March, A. D. 1868, and of the independence
IL. a.j Qf t[je ynit,ed states of America the ninety-
second,
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
United States or America,
In Senate, May 13,1800.
The Senate proceeded to consider the message of
the President of the United States of the 12th instant,
and the nominations, contained therein, 9f_
The Hon. John Marshall, esq., of Virginia, to be
Secretary of State, in the place of the Hon. Timothy
Pickering, esq,, removed.
1'he Hon. Samuel Dexter, esq., of Massachusetts,
to be Secretary of the Department of War, in tho
place of the Hon. John Marshall, nominated for pro-
motion to the office of State.
Whereupon,
Resolved, That they do advise and consent to tho
appointments agreeably to the nominations respect-
ively.
Attest: SAMUEL A. OTIS, Secretary.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The executive
clerk of tho Senate desires to correct a state-
ment mad® in respect to the nomination of
Mr. Ewitig. Mr. Clarke will make the cor-
rection.
D. W. C. Clarke recalled.
The Witness. I stated in ray examination
that the nomination of Mr. Swing was brought
to the Senate on the 22d of February. I did
so in consequence of a memorandum which I
found at the bottom of my sheet. I find, by
investigation since, that I made that memo-
randum from the fact that it was brought to
the Senate Chamber on the 22d of February
by Mr. Moore, but the Senate was not in ses-
sion, and he returned with it to the Executive
Mansion. He brought it up with one other
message and the message of the President in
relation to the removal of Mr. Stanton on the
24th, and it was then submitted to the Senate.
By Mr. Curtis :
Question. I want to see if I correctly under-
stand you. I understand your statement now
to be that Colonel Moore brought it and de-
livered it to you on tho 22d, but the Senate had
adjourned?
Answer. No, sir. He brought it up on the
22d; he did not deliver it to me.
Question. He brought it?
Answer. He brought it on the 22d, hut the
Senate was not in session, and he took it back
to the Executive Mansion.
Question. And on the 24th he returned, and
then it was formally brought in?
Answer. That is it.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. How do you know that he brought
it here ; of your own knowledge ?
Answer. Only by the information of Colonel
Moore.
Question. Then all you have been telling us
is what Colonel Moore told you?
Answer. Yes, sir; that is, all in regard to the
nomination.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Very well, sir;
we do not want any more of Colonel Moore's
information from you.
Mr. CURTIS. We will call Colonel Moore.
William G. Moore recalled.
By Mr. Curtis :
Question, (handing to the witness the mes-
sage nominating Thomas Ewitig, sen., as Sec-
retary of War.) What is the document you
hold in your hand ?
Answer. The nomination to the Senate of
Thomas Ewing, sen., of Ohio, to be Secretary
for the Department of Wan
Question. Did you receive that from the
President of the United States ?
Answer. I did.
Question. On what day?
Answer. On the 22d day of February, 1808.
Question. About what hour in the day ?
Answer. I think it was after twelve o'clock.
Question. And before what hour ?
Answer. And before one.
Question. Between twelve and one?
Answer. Between twelve and one.
Question. What did you do with it?
Answer. By the direction of the President
I brought it to the Capitol to present it to the
Senate.
Question. About what time did you arrive
here?
Answer. I cannot state definitely, but I pre-
sume about a quarter past one.
Question. Was the Senate then in session, or
had it adjourned?
Answer. It had, after a very brief session,
adjourned.
Question. What did you do with the docu-
ment, in consequence ?
Answer. I returned with it to the Executive
Mansion, after a visit to the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Question. Were you apprised before you
reached the Capitol that the Senate had ad-
journed?
Answer. I was not.
Question. What did you do with the docu-
ment subsequently?
Answer. I returned with it to the Executive
Mansion, after having visited the House of
Representatives.
Question. Was anything more done with the
document by you, and if so, when, and what
did you do?
Answer. I was directed by the President on
Monday, the 24th day of February, 1868, to
return and deliver it to the Senate.
Question. What did you do in consequence?
Answer. I obeyed the order.
Cross-examined by Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. Was that open and as it is now,
or in a sealed envelope, when you took it ?
Answer. In a sealed envelope.
Question. Did you put it in yourself?
Answer. I did not.
Question. Did you see it put in ?
Answer. I did not.
Question, llow do you know what was in
the envelope?
Answer. It was, I believe, tho only message
I brought that day ; I gave it to the clerk, who
sealed it and handed it to me.
Question. And then did you unseal it again
at all; or did you examine it to see what was
in it until you left it here on the 24th?
Answer. I did not, to my recollection.
Question. Did you' show it to anybody here
in the House on that day ?
Answer. No, sir; it was sealed.
Question. Have you spoken this morning
with Mr. Clarke here upon this subject?
Answer. lie asked me upon what date I had
delivered the message. I told him the 24th.
Mr. CURTIS. I how offer in evidence, Mr.
Chief Justice, a document which I desire to
be read by the Clerk.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Allow me to see
it before it is read.
Mr. CURTIS. Certainly.
[The document was handed to Mr. Manager
Butler and examined by him.]
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We have no ob-
jection.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the document.
The Secretary read as follows:
United States of America,
Department of State:
To all to lohom these presents shall come, greeting :
I certify that tho document hereunto annexed is a
true copy, carefully examined and compared withthe
original^ record of this Department, authorizing
'"John Nelson, Attorney Goneral, to discharge the
duties of Secretary of State ad interim until a suc-
cessor to A. P. Upshur shall be appointed," and that
this appointment was made during the session of the
Senate.
I further certify that the confirmation by the Sen-
ate of John C. Calhoun to succeed Mr. Nelson is a
true copy of the original filed in this Department.
In testimony whereof I, William H. Seward, Sec-
retary of State of tho United States, have hereunto
subscribed my name and caused the seal of the De-
partment of State to be affixed.
Done at the city of Washington the 6th day of
fl s 1 a* 1868, and of the independence of
' *J the United States of America the ninety-
second. WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Tho Hon. John Nelson, Attorney Goneral of tho
United States, will discharge the dutiesof Secretary
of State ad interim until a successor to the Hon. A.
P. Upshur shall bo appointed.
The Department of State will be put in to mourning
for the death of the Hon. Abel P. Upshur, late Sec-
retary of State; and all foreign envoys and minis-
ters of the United States, and otherofficers connected
with the Department of State, whether at homo or
abroad, will wear the usual badges in token of grief
and respect for his memory, during the period of
thirty days from the time of receiving this order.
February 29,1814. J OIIN TYLER.
In Senate op the United States,
March 6,1844.
Resolved, That the Senate advise and consent to
the appointment of John C. Calhoun, of South Caro-
lina, to be Secretary of State in place of Abel P. Up-
shur. deceased, agreeably to the nomination.
Attest: ASBURY DICKINS,
iS'ecreZtu'i/.
Mr. CURTIS. I now offer in evidence
another document, which I also wish to be
read by the Clerk after it has been inspected.
[The document was handed to the Managers. ]
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We have no ob-
jection to this.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the document.
The Secretary read as follows:
United States op America,
Department of State:
To all to whom these presents shall come, greeting :
I certify that the document hereunto annexed is a
true copy, carefully examined and compared with
the original record of this Department, authorizing
Winfield Scott to act as Secretary of War ad interim,
during the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of
George W. Crawford, and that this appointment was
made during the session of the Senate.
I further certify that the confirmation by the Sen-
ato of Charles M. Conrad as Secretary of War tosuc-
cced General Scott is a truecopy of tho original tiled
in this Department.
In testimony whereof I, William II. Seward, Sec-
retary of State of tho United States, have hereunto
subscribed my name and caused tho seal of tho De-
partment of State to be affixed.
Done at the city of Washington this 6th day of
r. „ i April, A. 1). 1868, and of the independence of
1 ' J tho United States of America the nineiy-
sccond. WILLIAM II. SliWAUD.
I hereby appoint Major General Winfield Scott to
act as Secretary of War ad interim during the va-
cancy occasioned by tho resignation of tne lion.
George W. Crawford.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
July 23, 1850.
[Extract.J
In Executive Session,
Senate of the United States,
August 15,1850.
Resolved, That the Senate advise and consent to
the appointment of the following named persons
agreeably to their nominations respectively :
* 4 * * * «
Charles M. Conrad, of the State of Louisiana, to
be Secretary of W ar.
Attest: ASBURY DICKINS,
Secretary.
Mr. CURTIS. I now offer in evidence three
papers, all of which relate to the same trans-
action. I have put them in an envelope, so
that they may be kept together.
[The papers were handed to the Managers
and examined by them.]
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (selecting one of the
papers.) We object to this memorandum. We
do not object to the other papers. The memo-
randum of Mr. Browning is not any better than
anybody else's memorandum.
Mr. CURTIS. It merely states a fact which
appears by a comparison of the date of the
commission with the date of the ad interim
appointment. It is immaterial.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Very good. We
have no objection to the other papers.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the documents.
Mr. CURTIS. We offer those which are not
objected to.
The Secretary read the documents,as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., April 7,1868.
I, 0. H. Browning, Secretary of the Interior, do
hereby certify that the annexed paper is a true copy
from the records of this Department.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto subscribed
rT „ i my name and caused the seal of the Depart-
1 S'J mcnt to be affixed the day and year above
written.
0. H. BROWNING,
Secretary of the Interior.
