12U
CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
February 11,
afterward, before she" could elaim it, it tfas
seized by the Treasury agent as being sup-
Posed to be either captured or abandoned but
turning out to be otherwise, I adjudicated the
ease and ordered the proceeds to be delivered
up.
I thmk I have given illustrations enough to
show how the construction of th# law con-
tended for would operate, and to show, at dny
rate, some excuse for «hs officers of the Treas-
ury for taking this view of the law, especially
w„he,n A®? we^e backed up by the law officer
?■ 6: &nd by the Attorney General
himself as to the correctness of the construc-
tion. And I do think that my honorable friends
on looking at these laws from the beginning'
taking the first one a-nd go-irfg through,
under a< very great error Whefr they suppose
that the third section of the act of 1863 ren-
dered it impe?astive upon ft,e -officers- of the
Treasury in a Il cases} without- exercising any
discretion or' any tfevisory' power to sell the
property #fteoev«#'it came into the hands of
an offitegf and put' it into1 the Treasury and
send the oWfier to the Oburt of Claims.
I h&vesald more than I should have said on
that subject. I think, when I began, I said
that I thought the Senate would find aii advan-
tage in the feet that I had forgotten a good deal
of the argument or statement I was disposed to
make, but I believe it has worked rather the
other way, and obliged me to speak at greater
length than I otherwise should. "Before I take
my seat, howete#, I desire to reply to another
f oint which has been made. M'y friend from
llinois dwelt with a' grg&t deal of force upon
the fact thafcthOr'e wtereovet thirty-four million
dollars received from-.cotton sold, and that the
net receipts Were only about twenty-four mil-
lion dollars ; and my friend says, " Here are
$10,000,000 spent in' obtaining $24,000,000;"
and myfrietfdfrom Wisconsin repeated several
times, "Whathasbecomeofthat$10,000,000?
we know nothing about it; we cannot tell."
These remarks were made as if there was no
explanation giveft and as if none could bd
given. I stated at the time that I thought it
could be explained. If my friend from Wis-'
consin will turn to the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States is answer to a reso-
lution of the House of Eepresentatives of May
28, 1866, requesting information relative to
captured cotton, &c., which message is House
Executive Document No. 97, Thirty-Ninth
Congress, second session, he Will find the whole
matter explained at greater length and With
more particularity than in the document to
which he referred. That shows precisely how
this amount was made up.
Out of that $10,000,000, as I said at the
time, a certain amount was paid as purchase
money for cotton bought under the eighth
section of the act of 1804. On page 6 of _ this
document it will be see n that the amount paid as
purchase money for cotton was $8,490,695 21.
There is nearly three millions and a half of
the $10,000,000. Then on the next page
you will find that repeated with some other
items. The total amount received by the Uni-
ted States from these various sources was
$34,052,809 54, and the total amount released
to claimants was $1,332,803 71; That accounts
for so much; and if it was rightly released,
if we were right in our construction, there
is no objection to that. The total amount
of purchase money paid for property, was
S3,503,008 27.
The total amount of expenses paid, includ-
ing salaries, expenses of collection, transporta-
tion, and all other expenses of every descrip-
tion connected with the execution of the various
acts, so far as adjusted or as ascertained, was
$4,409,345 01. That is the total amount of all
the expenses connected with the business. 1 he
Senator from Wisconsin may say that this is a
very large amount; but when he considers that
these agents were all over the rebel States;
that they had to pay out large amounts for
transportation for themselves from New York
or Chicago' or wherever they went, and then
had to pay for the transportation of the cottoti
from where it was seized to points of shipment
afid thence tO' New York, he will not think it
so surprising. And if he will turn over to a
table on another page of the same document
he _ will find all the facts stated in regard
to it. The balance left fo the Government is
$24,-742,022 55.
I need not go over the items in detail; it is
sufficient for me to say that every itetii, con-
stituting the amount of about four and a half
millions of expenses, went through the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department,
and the accounts have been settled precisely
as all other accounts are settled ; the acsount-
iflg officers have made the examination, and
have allowed the' accounts under the rules es-
tablished by the Secretary of the Treasury for
the management of this business. Then how
"unreasonable it is to talk about $10,000,000
unaccounted for, when an exact account is
given in reference to the whole' of it, not only
with regard to the bales of cotton returned,
but the amount of money which has been
given up to claimants, and the expenses have
been regularly audited, regularly examined and
allowed by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury Department.
Mr. President, I had made several Other
points in my own mind in answer to the state*
ments which have been made by Senators and
Which I thought needed an answer, but not
having put them on paper they have now es-
caped my attention, and perhaps they are of
very little consequence ; otherwise I should
have remembered them. I had an impression
■ivhen I was at the bar that anything that X for-
got when 1 was arguing a ease was not of suffi-
cient importance to be remembered, or other-
wise I should not have forgotten it, and perhaps
that rule will apply to the present ease. What
I was anxious to do with reference to this mat-
ter was to show that the Treasury Department
throughout had endeavored to obey the law,
and that the Treasury Department throughout
had tried hard to make the most money it
could out of these purchases of cotton and
these seizures of cotton. I have no doubt that
was the case with all the officers who stood at
the head of that Department during the time
this subject was under consideration.
The new matter that came in the other day,
the answer made to the call of the honorable
Senator from Illinois for additional information,
is entirely outside of these laws. It has been
printed and I have looked at it. After the
rebellion was suppressed these laws were con-
sidered to be at an end ; but the Secretary of
the Treasury, believing that much property
might bo saved to the Government,1 of his own
authority undertook to send agents to seize
property belonging to the rebel government,
and scattered throughout the rebel States.
There Was no particular law with reference
to it; but it—like other property belonging
to the rebel government—was forfeited. lie
understood that they had bought a great deal,
that they had a great deal in the possession of
different agents; and of his own motion and
for the benefit of the Government he under-
took to seize it where it could be found. In
the execution of this order the agents very
frequently took property that was not the prop-
erty of the rebel government. He had no
authority to take any other; he had'no author-
ity to take private property; and, of course,
when property taken was shown to him to be
the property of individuals'he ordered it to be
given up, as he should havg done, as he right-
fully did, in my judgment, and it cannot be
made ground of accusation against him. This
matter was long after my day, and I have
nothing in particular to say about it. I only
give this explanation which is perfectly satis-
factory to my own mind.
Now, Mr. President, upon the whole I must
say. from my examination of what the De-
partment has done in respect to this general
subject, that with regard to all the Secre-
taries of the Treasury—I can speak positively
for myself and I have just as much faith jit the
other two in this particular as I have iti my*
self—I have no doubt that all their action has
been directed with a single eye to get the toost
they could rightfully out of this property for
the benefit of the Government in all cslses.
That there may have been and that there haVe
been individuals in minor places, agents among
the vast number of agents employed who have
been guilty of fraud, who have made misrep-
resentations, who have deceived not only the
Secretary but others whom they may have en-
countered, is undoubtedly true. But with "re-
gard to .the present Secretary, I have no doubt
that he has taken a gfeat deal of responsibility
and infinite pains to see what he conld do with
reference to securing this property to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and as a whole
he has been eminently successful. All the
insinuations made against him with reference
to it' are, in my judgment, and I may almost
say, to my own knowledge, entirely unfounded.
The cfiafge is that he has been violating the
law. As I said before, if the charge holds
against him, it holds against me and against
my immediate predecessor; and you will judge
from the exposition I have giveft of our under*
standing of the -laws and the facts that" 1xre
were supported by the law officer, fiot only of
the Treasury, but of the United States, in our
construction of these laws, whether we are lia-
ble to the very serious imputations which would
seem to follow from the remarks made by my
houorable friends from Illinois and Wisconsin.
I have no doubt they said what they thought
to be their duty, as they always do; but in this
matter they have gone off on a false scent, as
I think, and have been misled by statements
made to them outside, of which the state-
ments made here by the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin of what was told him in his
committee-room are a very striking illustra-
tion, incorrect in every instance in point of fact.
Mr. President, I shall not detain the Senate
longer.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
MokdaY, February 17, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntojj.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
ORDER or BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of Stated and Territories for bills
and joint resolutions for reference to their ap-
propriate committee®, not to be brought back
into the House by motions to reeonsider, com-
mencing with the State of Maine. Under this
call the resolutions of the Legislatures of States
or Territories may be presented.
washington and norfolk steamboat co.
Mr. PIKE introduced a bill (H. R. No. 734)
to incorporate the Washington and Norfolk
Mail Steamboat Company; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
disposition of fines, etc.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill (II. R. No,
735) to repeal an act approved March 2, 1867,
entitled "An act to regulate the disposition
of hues, penalties, and forfeitures received
under the laws relating to the customs, and
for other purposes;" which was read a first
and second time, referred fo the Committee
On Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
post route in new york.
_ VAN AERNAM introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 786) extending a post route from Chap-
elsburg to Humphrey's Centre, Cattaraugus
connty, New York; which was read a first and
