1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4289
dred million bushels of coal. There is not a
bushel of coal that is freighted down the Mis-
sissippi river, I suppose, but what floats into it
upon the bosom of the Ohio.
What is the cost of this transportation by
river, and what would be its cost by rail ? The
actual cost of two hundred thousand bushels
of coal by the river was $3,000. The actual
cost of the same quantity by rail was $-12,500.
The increase of the cost of transportation by
rail over the cost of transportation by river is
about fourteenfold. The one hundred mil-
lion bushels of coal which, if transported by
the river, would amount to !j?1,fi00.000 of
Freight, if it was transported by rail would
amount to $21,253,000. Such, sir, is the ex-
tent of tonnage of a single article of merchan-
dise upon that river, and such the relative cost
of that merchandise when transported by rail
or by river.
Can a wise legislative assembly, deliberat-
ing and passing laws upon the subject of the
commerce of this river, in contrast with the
commerce of railroads, in view of these strik-
ing facts, hesitate for one moment in decid-
ing the proposition whether they will allow a
bridge to seriously obstruct the navigation of
that river or not ? I should suppose not. If
the navigation of the river must cease, or the
construction of railroad bridges across it must
stop, the interests of the country and of all the
commerce and business in the valley, not only
of the Ohio but of the Mississippi river also,
require .that bridges shall no longer be cen-
strueted across that stream to the serious im-
pediment of its navigation. When the alter-
native is offered to Congress, shall this river
be seriously obstructed in its navigation, or
shall there be a break and a suspension in
railroads at the river, can any reasonable man
hesi'ate to accept the last proposition ?
Sir, 1 should be willing myself to construct
bridges that would slightly impede the naviga-
tion of the river, but not materially. I should
like myself that tliere should be no breaks in
the line of railroads at the banks of the Ohio.
I should like the iron car to leap across the
streams and roll on in its progress and speed
to its final destination ; but if that cannot be
effected without breaking up the navigation of
the river the iron horse must stop there ; he
must halt on the eastern side ; and another
iron horse must take up his onward career on
the western side.
Mr. President, I understand very little about
the navigation of the Ohio river. I have been
up and down it upon steamboats very fre-
quently. 1 know this, and every man who knows
anything of the flow of water and the laws
which regulate the flow of water knows, that
when abutments are set up in the middle of a
river or other stream the necessary result is to
create eddies and counter-currents at the abut-
ment. That is inevitable. The business that
is done upon this stream is done in the high
tide of the river. At that time the current
sweeps with most rapidity and strength. As
it flows it strikes with more force upon the re-
sisting abutment, and consequently the eddy
and the cross-current that are hereby produced
are increased in proportion to the height of the
stream. To tell me that coal barges, that spread j
in width before a tug that impels them from
two hundred and forty to two hundred and
sixty feet, some of them, in a high tide of
the water, can run safely under an arch of
three hundred feet without imminent danger
of striking into eddies and currents that would
float them against the pier and wreck the boats
or seriously impede their progress is to tell
me that which 1 cannot believe.
Why, sir, I hold in my hand the report of
one house trading in coal down the Ohio river,
showing that in one year their losses from
detentions alone, independent of the loss of
boats and the sinking of coal, amounted to
$8,000.
Mr. MORTON. At a single bridge ?
Mr. DAVIS. At a single bridge, the Steu-
benville bridge. That house did not trans-
port one twentieth part of the coal that floats I
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 269.
down that, river. This was only one item of
injury, that which resulted from detention;
and the report states that the boats and prop-
erty of this company were injured by being
precipitated against the piers to the extent of
some considerable additional injury.
Well, sir, these evils are not to be restricted
to their present number. The lines of railroad
are striking the Ohio river on its different
shores at many other points. In the course
of twenty or thirty years there must be at least
fifty of'these bridges constructed between Pitts-
burg and the mouth of the Ohio. What a vast
and injurious obstruction would be fifty bridges
of three hundred feet span across that stream to
its navigation, to its commercial interests, to
it as a great natural highway, and the cheap-
est for all large and bulky articles, much cheaper
than any artificial navigation or means of trans-
portation that can be devised. It is time for
the thing to cease. The Steubenville bridge
ought to be abated to-morrow as a nuisance, and
if there is a proper proceeding against it as a
nuisance to the navigation of that stream in
the United States courts, its abatement can
be effected. It ought to be effected, and the
construction of bridges that are so serious an
obstruction to the free, safe, and commodious
navigation of that stream ought to stop now.
It is the interest of the railroad companies as
well as the men who navigate the river that
this thing should now stop.
Gentlemen need not tell me that pilots and
steamboat men and the men interested in the
navigation of the river are hostile to railroads.
The contrary is ths truth, so far as I am ac-
quainted with the subject. In projiortion as
railroads intersect a stream they bring business
to the river for transportation by steamboat
and barges and other craft upon it. The nav-
igators of the river, tiie pilots, those interested
in the lines of steamboats, are interested not to
the prejudice of railroads, but in favor of pro-
moting railroads and of building railroad bridges
to any extent that does not amount to a detri-
ment to the navigation of the river.
Mr. President, at this late hour of the night
I rose merely to give my few words upon this
subject. I have expressed them as the subject
strikes my mind. It seems to me that it would
be a wanton and ungracious and ungrateful
disregard of the bounty of Providence in giving
this noble and beautiful river as a great high-
way of trade and navigation between the dis-
tant northeastern and southwestern portions
of the United States to permit it to be unneces-
sarily obstructed by the construction of rail-
road bridges. If lailroad bridges cannot be
thrown by a practicable span across that stream
so as to admit of safe transportation along the
railroad across the bridge over the stream,
that mode of transportation must have a break
there, and must be resumed ou the opposite
side.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to take the sense
of the Senate on the amendment which I have
sent to the Chair, because that is an amend-
ment which provides for the appointment of a
board of scientific engineers by the Secretary
of War, with the approval of the President, to
report at the next session of Congress on this
very point, the very disputed question as to
what the width of these spans should he. I
confess, after listening to the able gentlemen
on both sides, my own mind as yet remains in
doubt; and 1 presume what is true of myself
may be true of other gentlemen around me. I
am not a scientific engineer, nor have I studied
bridges very much; nor have we had time since
thisdiscussion commenced to go into the exam-
ination of it for ourselves. If the amendment
which I have suggested be adopted it can only
work a delay until the next session of Congress
in the building of any proposed bridges. It
suspends all building of bridges until that re-
port comes in. When that report comes in of
these scientific men, seven in number, we shall
then have information on which we can act.
It is said on one side, with great earnest-
ness, that a railroad bridge with a span of five
hundred feet would be a dangerous super-
structure, and might involve the loss of trains
and the loss of thousands of lives. On the
other side it is said that railroad bridges of
five hundred feet span are built; that there
is over the Rhine one of four hundred and
ninety-two feet, and that we can build them in
this country as well as they can over the Rhine.
I desire to hear from scientific engineers whose
attention has been brought to this subject by
the authority of Congress, for it is certainly
one of the most important questions that can
come before Congress as to what kind of
bridges shall be allowed over the Ohio river.
If it were not for the navigation in these coal
barges, if all the navigation on that river was
simply by steamboats, you could get along with
a bridge of three hundred feet span; I see that
very well.; but when you consider that these
coal barges run, it is said, two hundred and
fifty feet in width, there may be difficulty in
passing through a bridge of three hundred
feet span. It is a question of maximum and
minimum; it is a question for scientific investi-
gation ; and if the Senate are willing to adopt
the amendment I suggest we can get this in-
formation at the next session of Congress.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator will
allow me to say that I am very much in favor
of his proposition to have this problem tested,
but I desire to bring it to the test of experi-
ence, which tests science itself. I want the
bridges, so far as they can be constructed with
a proper regard to the safety and facility of
that navigation, to be so constructed. I think
the project of a bridge with a span of five hun-
dred feet at St. Louis across the Mississippi
river will probably be in such a state of for-
wardness in twelve months from this time as
to test the question; and with a view to have
it tested in that way I like the proposition of
the Senator.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I had intended
to speak on this question at some length, but
I gave up the idea long since. I did not wish
to weary the Senate with any remarks which I
might have to make, when there.was such a
strong disposition to come to a vote on the sub-
ject. I would not occupy even a moment now
if [ had any assurance that the time would not
be occupied by others and we should not have
to adjourn with this question on our hands;
but as 1 feel peculiarly situated and related to
this subject, representing a State which is in-
terested not only in the navigation of the west-
ern rivers, but largely interested in railroad
enterprises, I consider it my duty at least to
refer to the importance of the question.
I will say, first, as to the amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from Wisconsin, that if
he had examined this subject, he would want no
further reports, no further surveys, and would
not delay the construction of these railroad
bridges until these reports can be made. The
Senator from Indiana has amply demonstrated
by reports of competent engineers, and by the
best explorers, the river pilots, for they un-
dertand more about the river than engineers,
that the whole western country is in danger of
having its river navigation destroyed by the con-
struction of railroad bridges. 1 live in a State
which is washed on the west throughout its en-
tire length by the Mississippi, and on the south-
west by the Ohio, and it is intersected by the
Illinois river; so that I feel deeply interested
in river navigation. It is also intersected by
railroads in every direction, north and south,
east and west.
But the importance of this question is pre-
sented in this aspect: railroads are now be-
coming so numerous that they cross through
every county almost, north and west, and we
are to have, within thirty and forty miles of
each other, railroad bridges crossing the Mis-
sissippi, and for a distance of four hundred
miles up and down the length of the Illinois
river. We know that the bridges which have
been constructed are a continual source or
obstruction to navigation. We know that oil
dark nights there is the utmost danger; that
steamboats must stop and lay by; that coal <
boats are destroyed ; that lumber boats are
