1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
Mr. TR JMBULL. I move its reference to
the Committee on Military Affairs, if anybody
objects.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not object. I want
to know what it is.
The PRESIDENT tempore. If there is
no objection, the resolution will be considered
at this time.
Mr. PESSENDEN. There is an objection,
I understand, and the Senator from Illinois
moves to refer it to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The PRESIDENT %>ro'tempore. It will be
so referred.
settlement of war department accounts.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to the Senate what was the course
of practice in respect to the settlementof public ac-
counts and tbe drawing of requisitions therefor by
the Secretary of War upon the Treasury prior tothe
passage of the late act respecting the prompt settle-
ment of public accounts, and what, if any, evils exist
under the present law in that respect.
damages to steamer monitor is japan.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 307.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I believe I had the
floor, and yielded it to the Senator from Ver-
mont. to- offer a resolution. I want to talre up
the little resolution that I mentioned to the
Senator.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I ask the Senate to,
take up a little matter, the joint resolution re-
ported from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions that was considered the other day, to
which attention was called by the Senator from
California, [Mr. ooxness.] It is Senate joint
resolution No. 123.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. R. No.
123] authorizing the Secretary of State to ad-
just certain claims, and directing the payment
thereof.
Mr. PESSENDEN. The Senator from In-
diana has an amendment that he proposes to
offer, I understand. I call his attention to the
fact that the resolution is now before the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia was specially interested in this subject.
I expected to have had an amendment pre-
pared from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
but the committee have not been able finally
to agree upon it. Therefore, I am not pre-
pared to offer it now.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I think the Senator had
better offer it in a separate bill. I do not think
this resolution ought to be delayed any longer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution is before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and open to amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the resolution?
Mr. PESSENDEN. Authorizing the Sec-
retary of State to adjust certain claims. If the
Secretary will read it through it will be under-
stood in a moment. I explained it the other
day.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
follows:
Resolved, &c., That the Secretary of State be, and
hereby is, directed to ascertain and allow the dam-
ages which ought to bo paid to the owners of the
steamer Monitor or Foe Pan?, their representatives
or assigns, for tlie injuries sustained from being tired
into by the batteries of tho Daimio of Karate, in July,
1801, and that the sum allowed by the Secretary of
State, together with the expenses attending the
iiscertaiument thereof, be. paid out of the moneys
rocfivcd for indemnities from tho,Government of
Japan.
Sue. 2. And be it fwiher remitted, That the Secre-
tary of State be, and hereby is, authorized to appoint
a commissioner or commissioners, as may be neces-
sary, to take testimony in Japan or elsewhere, in re-
lation to such damages, anil report the same to him;
and that any consular or diplomatic officer who may
be so appointed shall bcentitlcd to a reasonable com-
pensation, to be allowed by the Secretary of State, in
addition to his official salary or emoluments.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That appropriation of
money is proposed to be made out of a special
40th Gong. 2b &ess.—No. 141.
fund which came into the Treasury under the
convention of 1804, according to which the
Government of J apan paid to the United States,
for injuries to our commerce, the sum of
8750,000. This is one of the vessels that, as
I understand, were insulted and perhaps in-
jured by the rebel prince under the authority
of Japan. All the money is not to go to this
vessel. I am not sure that any one ought to
be provided for until all are provided for. That
is the only question in my mind. There was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs the
claim of Commander McDougail and his men
for their gallant conduct on one of the vessels
of war of our Government in resenting one of
these insults ; and the character of our country
was very handsomely maintained by the cap-
tain and his men. I am of the opinion that a
portion of this money ought to go in the nature
of prize money to the captain and crew of that
vessel; perhaps from thirty to fifty thousand,
dollars of it. Then the vessel that was fired
into two days before the captain made his at-
tack, perhaps, ought to be provided for also.
I have not examined the subject enough to
know what other vessels were injured by this
rebel prince of the Japanese Government be-
sides tho vessel that is to be provided for by
the resolution now before the Senate.
I make these suggestions that the Senator
from Maine may decide whether it is entirely
safe and proper to provide for one vessel until
all are provided for. It is very clear that the
money does not all go for the injuries to this
particular vessel, and that there are others
who have proper claims upon this fund.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
^.me, I wish to inquire whether this subject has
ever been reported upon by spiy of the standing
committees of the Senate?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say that the
Committee on Naval Affairs has charge of the
claim so far as Captain McDougail and the
men under his command are concerned, their
claim being in the nature of prize money for
the destruction of three vessels of this rebel
prince. One was sunk, another blown up, and
the third, perhaps, almost destroyed. They
claim (hat they are entitled to prize money,
not according to the letter of our laws, but
according to their spirit.
Mr. HOWARD. Was the subject-mat,ter of
the present resolution, now before the Senate,
ever acted noon by a committee?
Mr. HENDRICKS. In answer to the Sen-
ator from Michigan, I will say that this partic-
ular resolution was not before the Committee
on Naval Affairs, nor has the naval committee
decided upon the claim that I speak of, al-
though my own mind 
Mr. FESSENDEN. This resolution was
reported by me from the Committee on For-
eign Relations with a written report from the
Secretary of State.
Mr. HOWARD. I was not aware that it had
been under the consideration of any one of the
committees.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I explained this mat-
ter the other day. There is a sum of money,
amounting to about eight hundred thousand
dollars, coming to us from Japan. There arc
no claims upon it which can cover, by any
possibility, even $100,000. 1 stated tho other
day, and I think stated correctly, although my
honorable friend from California [Mr._ Cox-
ness] thought I was in error, that, the imme-
diate cause of tho attack which was made was
the previous attack made upon this very vessel,
the Monitor, which was lired into and injured.
In consequence of that the attack was made
by our vessels afterward. Now, the owners of
this vessel, which was injured, have made_ an
application that out of that fund of about eight
hundred thousand dollars they may be com-
pensated to the extent of the injuries received
by her.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
from Maine what was the date of the attack on
this vessel?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I am unable to
state.
Mr. CONNESS.- The jointresolntkSii stated
that the attack was made on the-Monitor; 0#
Fee Pang, in 1864; so that the Senator must
be in error in regard to the fact he has just
now stated. The other attack was made in
1808.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The first outrage on
our commerce was about the 1st of July, 1863.
Mr. CONNESS. And the firing was on the
steamer Pembroke.
Mr. GRIMES. There were two vessels.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I may be in error about
that; but these parties have presented papers
and filed their claim at the State Department.
No other claim has been made upon this fund
by any vessel that was injured. The owners
of this vessel desire to have testimony taken,
and to have their own claim settled. The
amount paid to our Government by Japan is
probably enough to pay four or five times over
all possible claims that may be made. I ex-
plained the matter the other day as the facts
came from the Secretary of State, the proper
authority. There were certain injuries, occa-
sioned by one.of these Daimios, to our com-
merce. The representatives of foreign Powers
made their claim upon the Japanese Govern-
ment for these injuries, and they claimed a
very large sum of money; but as an alternative
of the claim they said they would take another
port to be opened, which they thought would
be done rather than have that large sum of
money paid; but the Japanese Government
chose to pay the money, and paid $3,000,000,
of which our Government, I understand, gets
about eight hundred thousand dollars. Now,
the injuries to all our commerce that took
place there, perhaps, will not reach §75,000.
Mr. SUMNER. No; not that much.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This claim is about
thirty thousand dollars. I think that is more
than the parties are entitled to; I do not sup-
pose they are entitled to more than $20,000.
Probably the claim of the Pembroke is not
much larger.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think the Pem-
broke was struck at all.
Mr. PESSENDEN. And the Pembroke
has made no claim whatever: and that is the
only other vessel, I understand, in regard to
which there is a possibility of a claim.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to inquire of the
Senator from Maine in what way is the amount
to be ascertained? By tho Secretary of State,
if I understand it.
Mr. PESSENDEN. The Secretary of State
is to have evidence taken by our consul or to
appoint somebody to take evidence on the
subject..
Mr. HOWARD. But who is to decide finally
as to the amount?
Mr. PESSENDEN. The Secretary of State,
whoever he may be, with all the papers before
liiui.
Mr. HOWARD. Will that be entirely fair
to the opposite party?
Mr. PESSENDEN. Who is the opposite
party ?
Mr. HOWARD. The Japanese Govern-
ment.
Mr. PESSENDEN. The Japaneso Govern-
ment have nothing to do with it. They have
paid the money, SSOO.OOO, and that money is
in the Treasury, and this claim is in the hands
of the Secretary of State, I suppose. There is
no other party except the Government of the
United States. The Secretary of State recom-
mends this, and the resolution was drawn at
the office of the Secretary of State. There will
be plenty of money with which to pay the
Pembroke or any other vessel that may here-
after appear. The only question is whether
this shall be delayed for other claims to bo
made which have never yet been presented.
Mr. HO WA11D. How much has been allowed
at the State Department?
Mr. FES&ENDEN. Nothing has been
allowed yet. It is for the State Department
to examine and find out. The claim itself? as
I am informed by the owner, probably will not
exceed—he does not expect to recover over
