1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3265
to prevent fraud in all transactions connected
with the public lands. It should be its pur-
pose to carry out more extensively than here-
tofore the great educational interest which it
has inaugurated by encouraging the establish-
ment of schools and colleges throughout the
great West by the aid of lands donated for that
purpose. Now, sir, in all this vast tract there
is no provision for a single school if this act is
consummated. That whole region of country
will be left in the darkness of ignorance for
years and years to come, while grasping specu-
lators shall wring from unwilling hands what-
ever prices they may choose to exact for their
lands. The country will be deprived of all
those improvements which are necessary to the
progress of civilized society. I wish to say,
as one member of this committee, that I look
upon this as one of the most gigantic frauds
ever sought to be perpetrated on the Govern-
ment or people; and the same foul parties,
practices, and purpose are at the bottom of it
that stamp with infamy all the proceedings
of this most cursed Administration.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, lam
amazed at what is represented to be the action
of the executive part of the Government of the
United States touching the ceding of these
lands lying within one of the States to a corpo-
ration. What is the nature and extent of this
treaty power of the United States? It is^the
power of one sovereign State—the United
States of one part—to make with any other
sovereign a contract which becomes the law
of the land, and so binding that it cannot be
changed either by the United States or by any
State ; and if by treaty the President and the
Senate can dispose of one sixth of the territory
of one State of this Union, so as to give these
lands to a corporation or individual, then so
could they contract with any foreign State that
such foreign State might purchase and own and
exercise jurisdiction over such lands within
such State. This results from the very nature
of the power to make treaties. Whatever does
come fairly wi«hin the power of the United
States to make a treaty about it must be^ a thing
touching which the power to contract is com-
plete and unlimited, unless to appropriate
money, and in which the contract may in all
respects be whatever the parties having the
power to contract may choose to make it. If,
then, the lands within a State can be ceded by
treaty to corporations, through the power given
by the treaty to Indians, so can they be so
ceded by contract to a foreign State with such
power and jurisdiction as the contractors may
please.
Now, sir, can this be possible; when, by the
Constitution, the United States cannot acquire
any land or exercise any jurisdiction over any
land within any State except only such as by
"the Legislature of the State in which the
same shall be for the erection of forts, maga-
zines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful
buildings?" And even to this limited extent
and for these limited purposes, these lands
cannot be acquired and perpetually governed
except by the authority, not of the treaty-mak-
ing power, but of the Congress, and with the
assent of the Legislature of the State. And
can the President and Senate, by treaty, dis-
pose of one sixth of a State or all of a State to
whomsoever the treaty-making power is com-
petent to contract with, and confer such rights,
jurisdictions, and powers as the United States
can give over everything which is within its
power to make treaties about. It maybe said
that this treaty does not attempt to do more
than confer title to these lands, a thing the
United States clearly may do, and does not
withdraw them from the jurisdiction of the
State of Kansas, nor to give them to a foreign
jurisdiction. The obvious reply to that sug-
gestion is, first, that I have already given. 1
am not arguing that the United States could
not by law authorize this title to be sold to
this corporation ; but I am arguing that what-
ever the United States can dispose of by treaty
must be a thing as to which the treaty may he
made, whatever the contracting parties may
40th Cong. 2d Suss.—No. 205.
deem it wise to make it; and I conclude that,
just because it is evident that the treaty could
not stipulate with the Indians that these lands
should be forever the property of the United
States and subject to its exclusive jurisdiction,
or that the treaty could not grant these lands
to a foreign State, therefore this subject-matter
of the disposal of the public lands cannot come
within the scope of that treaty-making power
which, in its nature, must be so unlimited.
No, Mr. Speaker, the power to dispose of the
public lands is to be found in that clause of the
Constitution which gives to Congress, and not
to the treaty-making power, the "power to
dispose of and to make all needful rules and
regulations respecting the territory and other
property belonging to the United States."
This clause of the Constitution is plainly a
power to dispose of the lands of the United
States by providing for their sale and convey-
ance of title, and to govern them while they
are the property of the Government. And
obviously this is precisely what is here at-
tempted to be done by the treaty-making power,
but whieh the Constitution expressly intrusts
to Congress. Surely, Mr. Speaker, if the action
of the Executive in this matter were done
deliberately and in full view of the usurpation
it seems to mo to involve, and is such as
described by the gentlemen who have spoken,
it would make a proper case for such proceed-
ing as has just failed at the other end of the
Capitol. According to my memory heretofore
the Congress, and not the treaty power, has
disposed of the public land, and this is a new
practice.
Mr. JULIAN. I merely wish to correct the
gentleman from Ohio 011 a matter of fact. For
some seven years past the President and Sen-
ate have been doing exactly such things on a
smaller scale as are proposed in this infamous
treaty, and it is to check and prevent the con-
tinuance of that policy that the proceeding now
before the House is directed.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Do I understand
the gentleman to say that by treaties we have
been giving away lands within the States?
Mr. JULIAN. In repeated cases we have
done it within the last few years. I wish to
say further, that while T agree with the gentle-
man as to the power by treaty to accept and
receive grants of lands by the United States, I
wish to remind him that that does not apply,
and cannot apply, to these Indian lands, the
titles to which are in the United States, while
the right of occupancy alone is in the Indians,
who may certainly cede that right to tke United
States, but certainly could not cede it to any
corporation.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I am glad the
gentleman has reminded me of what I meant
to say touching the anomalous character of our
treaties with the Indians, and their anomalous
relations to the United States. As to the fact
he states that such treaties have been made,
though the fact had escaped my memory, it
does not make right or sanctify a manifest
usurpation of the powers of Congress over the
disposal of the public lands. As to the relations
which the United States sustain and assume
toward Indian tribes in treating with them,
what I wanted to say is that we treat with
them, not really as foreign nations, but as the
inhabitants of our country and as the wards of
the United States ; and we treat with them
generally not 111 the way of the ultimate and
final disposal of the public lands, but only as
to their possessory rights, leaving the final dis-
posal of their lands to the action of Congress
whenever the Indian titles may be terminated.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I would inquire
of the Chair how much time I have left.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr.Dawes.)
The gentleman has seven minutes ot his hour
remaining. _
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I now yield to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Caby] for five
minutes.
Mr. GARY. I regret exceedingly that I can
have but five minutes on a question of this
magnitude. I am in favor of the adoption of
these resolutions. I think it is our duty, as
far as possible, to arrest this gigantic swindle,
a swindle not only upon the Indians, but upon
the settlers who may be there, upon the State
of Kansas, and more than all a gigantic swin-
dle upon the whole people of this country.
It is proposed to permit these Indians to
convey eight million acres of the most fertile
portion of Kansas to a railroad corporation,
for a railroad that will cost to build it not to
exceed $3,000,000, while the lands ceded are
worth to-day $12,000,000, leaving a,clear profit
of $9,000,000 to a single individual who owns
that railroad. The amount of territory pro-
posed to be ceded is one third as large as the
State of Ohio, and twice as large as the State
of Massachusetts. Gentlemen upon the other
side speak of this treaty as an act of "this
infernal administration.'' Sir, the President
has had, the Senate have had, and the Osage
Indians have had bad examples and bad pre-
cedents set them heretofore. This is but
another of the swindles that have been prac-
ticed upon the people of this country in regard
to public lands. This is like the case of the
Pacific railroad. In that case a few men or-
ganized a railroad corporation and obtained a
subsidy from Congress nearly large enough to
build the road, and then they obtained a ces-
sion from Congress, not from the President
of the United States, not from the Senate
alone, but from this House of Representatives,
of land enough to make four such States as
New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Indiana,
and have enough left over to make two States
like Massachusetts.
Now, no wonder, after such an example as
that, that these untutored savages are willing
to give eight million acres of land to a little
contemptible railroad company, whose road
docs not go anywhere near this land.
Sir, this whole system is a swindle. I insist
that the Congress of the United States are
only the trustees of the public domain, and
that we have no right to grant these lands to
any railroad corporation under heaven. You
may give the proceeds of public lands to rail-
roads ; but the lands themselves are the inher-
itance of the whole people. Every man who
will settle upon these lands, and open up a
farm and cultivate it, is entitled to the privilege
of doing so. But I cannot be led into a gen-
eral discussion of this subject upon this prop-
osition. I think it is the imperative duty of
this House to pass these resolutions, to pass
other resolutions, to do anything to prevent
this swindle upon the people of this country
and upon the Indians. This treaty proposes
to give eight million acres of our public land
to a railroad corporation whose road will not
go anywhere near it. It is part and parcel of
the whole system of railroad land-grant legis-
lation. The President of the United States,
the Senate of the United States, and the Osage
Indians are doing in this case only what ^ the
Thirty-Ninth Congress did in precisely a simi-
l&r case.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The Committee
on Indian Affairs have instructed me to offer
a substitute for the second resolution, as fol-
lows:
llevolved, (as the sense of this House.) Tnattno
objects, terras, conditions, and stipulations of tiio
aforesaid pretended treaty are not within tho treaty-
making power, nor arc thev authorized either by tho
Constitution or laws of tho CJnitedStatcs; and there-
fore this House does hereby solemnly condemn tho
same, and does also earnestly but respectfully express
the hope and expectation that the Senate will not
ratify the said pretended treaty.
The resolution originally reported from the
committee was as follows:
Resolved, That this House does hereby solemnly
and earnestly protest against the rat iheatum or too
stipulations of said pretended treaty by the senate,
and will feel bound to refuse any appropriation m
ite behalf, or to recugnizc its validity in any torm.
The question was upon the substitute; ana
being taken, it was agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I now call the
previous question upon the series 01 resolu-
tions as amended. , ,
The previous question was seconded antf tne
main question ordered.
