4290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
torn to pieces. Look at the Rock Island bridge,
of which so much was said the other day.
Look at the Peoria bridge, across the Illinois
river, and others to which I might refer. And
here, sir, in the West, with the Mississippi, the
Missouri, and the Ohio, and their tributaries
embracing a water navigation of twenty thou-
sand miles, shall we not hesitate before decid-
ing upon a policy which will obstruct the nav-
igation of those rivers?
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. YATES. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. What is the average width of
the channel of the Mississippi from its source
to below Cairo in ordinary water?
Mr. YATES. I cannot answer that question;
I do not know. I suppose the average  
Mr. NYE. Iam speaking of ordinary water.
Mr. YATES. Low water?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. YATES. I do not know.
Mr. NYE. It is not the half of three hun-
dred feet on an average.
Mr. YATES. That docs not answer the
point I am making.
Mr. NYE. Will the lion orable Senator
allow me to ask one other question?
Mr. YATES. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. What is the object of a span
bridge wider than the ordinary channel of the
river ? If you can run in ordinary water in a
three hundred feet span, you certainly can run
it in high water.
Mr. YATES. I will answer the Senator by
saying that I am for some maximum and some
minimum by which these bridges may be con-
structed without interfering materially with the
navigation of the river ; but I will say to the
Senator that every bridge having a pier planted
in a river is more or less of an obstruction.
In stormy weather, in limes of high floods, on
dark nights, where there is unskillful naviga-
tion, and under many other circumstances,
every pier in the channel of a river is more or
less of an obstruction.
Now, sir ; how long will it be if we leave this
matter indefinite, if we leave it to the Secre-
tary of War and to experienced and skillful
engineers to say what the span of bridges shall
be, before it can bo properly settled ? Can
you trust any such reports? I cave not how
competent your engineers, how much of skill
and standing they may possess, there are capital
and power and too often corruption enough to
get a bridge constructed of whatever size and
whatever span they choose. The consequence
will be that if there is not some maximum and
some minimum fixed by law these rivers must
inevitably be obstructed to the great damage of
the commerce and the ruin of the country.
Mr. President, this is an interest in which
all are concerned. I certainly am as much or
more interested in railroad enterprises than in
the navigation of our rivers. But it is for the
interest of all, it is for the interest of railroad
enterprises, that the bridges shall be composed
of the longest span, the stoutest, the most du-
rable. I do not suppose it is of particular ben-
efit to the present corporators, to the men who
are constructing these bridges, but for the rail-
road enterprises generally it is better that
these bridges should be durable, and if the
spans are long they must be durable. But,
sir, as I desire a vote on this question, I shall
make no further remarks upon it.
Mr. NYE. T think the honorable Senator
from Illinois is right when he says that some
proper ruie forgauge of span should be adopted;
but when I suggest to the honorable Senator,
from all I have heard in this case, that I am
at a loss to determine what that is, I presume
I shall not awake his surprise. It is a subject
upon which the best engineers are to-day at
loggerheads; and I do not believe that the true
science of that subject has been reached.
In my early life I had the honor to serve as
sub-engineer under Mr. McAlpine, who is now
acknowledgedly at the head of his profession
"in the United States. I have in my desk at
home a private letter from him, in which I
place great confidcnce, saying that the scheme
of this bill is entirely impracticable. Whether
it is or not I do not know; but there are two
or three things to be considered in this ques-
tion which seem to me to indicate the true
policy to be delay in establishing the span of
these bridges across the rivers. I undertake
to say that from the source of the Mississippi
river, where it is navigable to St. Louis, the
average width of the channel is not two thirds
of three hundred feet in ordinary water.
Mr. YATES. That is in low water. That
does not apply to the case of high water.
Mr. NYE. Bridges are not to be built en-
tirely for liigh water, but they are to be built
in regard to the channels of the streams they
cross ; and when I suggest from a little expe-
rience to the honorable Senator from Illinois
that much more depends on the manner in
which a bridge is set across the current of the
river than on the width of its span I appre-
hend he will agree with me.
Sir, while I would by no means obstruct the
navigation of these mighty rivers of the West,
1 would be just as careful to protect this cross-
navigation or cross-commerce that finds it
necessary to cross those mighty streams to
reach its original market and destination.
While I would be careful not to obstruct the
channel of the river, I would be jusL as care-
ful not to impose obligations upon these cor-
porations whose commerce runs in a different
channel, upon the land, oil railroads. It is a
well known fact, and the honorable Senator
from Indiana and the honorable Senator from
Illinois, who are most interested in this, will
agree with me when I say that the natural
market, for all their products is not down the
Mississippi river, it is across it to the waves of
the Atlantic, where they find their market.
I suggest to both honorable Senators that
this body is not at this moment possessed of
enough scientific knowledge to determine by
law what these spans shall be ; and I agree
with the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
when he saj's that he thinks a board of the
wisest engineers should consider the question
and report at the next session of Congress. I
understand it to be the fact—I do not know
that it is so—that under the existing law struc-
tures have been already commenced and great
outlays made. If that be true, I think the
Senate should be careful how they interfere
with the rights of such parties, and should at
least leave them in abeyance till means are
taken to determine what the true span is.
1 remarked that 1 placed great confidence
in the opinion of Mr. McAlpine. His name—
and when I say that 1 say nothing but the
truth—is coupled with all the great enterprises
of the State of New York, and his name is
literally inscribed upon all of the more im-
portant works of that great State. He writes
me that a span of five hundred feet is imprac-
ticable. I learned in my youth that he was
accurate in his science and estimates. I be-
lieve him to be so still. Admonished, there-
fore, by his experience, I submit as a question
of great propriety that before we, with this
little examination—and for one I can say with
so little ability to investigate and determine
this question- undertake to increase the span
of bridges, we should leave it for science to
determine it, to be reported within four or
five months to the next session of Congress
for final decision.
Now. sir, I know not what companies are
engaged in the works already commenced un-
der the former law, but whatever they may be
I suggest that in deference to their opinion,
in deference to the law that a former Congress
has passed, in deference to the investments
they have made, we should not rush on ignor-
antly, at least, to say that the structures they
have constructed or commenced shall be de-
molished, and that new ones, based upon less
knowledge than theirs has been, shall be com-
menced.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. From whatatten-
tion I have given to this subject I have no doubt
the truth in this case, as it often does, lies in
the mean—the middle—and that the best dis-
tance as a minimum on that river is four hun-
dred feet. It is all idle to talk about raihoad
travel and freightage superseding the use for
transportation of the Ohio river. That is true
in some places, but it never will be true of the
Ohio river. Yon might as well talk of rail-
roads superseding the Atlantic or the Pacific
as superseding the freightage of the Ohio or
Mississippi rivers.
There is, then, one fact which lias not been
stated in this debate. I suppose that a bridge
with a span of five hundred feet would cost as
much again as one with a span of four hun-
dred feet, because the whole structure has to
be made in such vastly increased proportion
in order to give strength to a span of five hun-
dred feet.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him for a moment ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. There seems to be some
divisiou of sentiment in the Senate, and as I
have entire confidence in the report of a board
of engineers to be appointed by the Secretary
of War, I am willing to accept the proposition
made by the Senator from Wisconsin that the
Secretary of War shall appoint a board of com-
petent engineers to examine this river and de-
termine the width of span required for the pur-
pose of securing navigation, and that, in the
meantime, the construction of bridges shall
cease until_ that is done. I have that much
confidence in it that I am willing to take that
course.
Mr. ERELINGHUY'SEN. I would suggest
that the Senator from Wisconsin modify his
amendment by adding this idea: that that board
of engineers shall have regard to the location
of the bridge and to the expense of the struc-
ture, because it is perfectly apparent that where
the river is straight a span of three hundred feet
would be all that was necessary; and if the
bridge was placed where there was a crook in
the river it might require a span of five or six
hundred feet.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest in reply to the
Senator from New Jersey that the bill now
presented to the' Senate and before them for
consideration, in all these particulars is a very
perfect bill, prepared nnder the supervision of
the engineer department of the Army.
Mr. ERELINGHUYSEN. This is a mat-
ter not in the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. All you want to determine
now is the width of the spans. Although there
was much information before the committee
that justified us in saying that the spans might
be five hundred feet long, and could be con-
structed economically, still we did not feel
justified from the evidence before us in saying
so absolutely until we were pressed to name
some decisive span, and we then placed it at
five hundred feet, leaving it, however, to the
better judgment ot the Senate to correct that
it they thought otherwise. But if this matter
is to come back to us, the bill had better be
preserved. It is as perfect as it can be made
to adapt the requirements of bridge building
to the requirements of navigation. If the Sen-
ate agree with the Senator from Wisconsin that
this matter had better go to the Secretary of War
for further information, I suggest to him to
postpone the bill until the next session, and in
the mean time call for this information.
Mr. POMJSIiOI. The amend naent of the
Senator from iseonsin is entirely satisfactory
to me. I only want the thing settled scientific-
ally. I have no objection at all, as far as I am
concerned, to the amendment of the Senator
irom \\ iseonsin. I will risk any board of
engineers that have any national reputation,
li U is the wish of the Senate to take a vote
on the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin, I will withdrawn my amendment. I
will do anything to get a vote.
2he PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
amendment withdrawn?
Mr. POMEKOl'. if the Senator from Wis-
consin will offer his amendment, I will with-
draw mine. 1 only want to get a vote.
