$242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBFI
thirty thousand dollars, if bo does that; but
the Qsact amount of the injury to the vessel has
uotyetbe^p ascertained. It is a small question.
• Mr.- CONNESS. ' I of course have 110 dis-
position to delay the payment of this claim.
The statement made by the honorable Senator
in the main is correct. The money has been
naid into the Treasury of the United States by
we Japanese Government, and is there subject
• to such claims for injuries as our citizens have
sustained. It appears that the owners of the
Monitor or Fee Fang have presented their
claim for injuries sustained by their vessel, but
that the owners of other American vessels sus-
taining injuries have not as yet presented their
claims.
, A part of the statement made by the honor-
able Senator when first up, namely, that the
treaty and payment of the money, as well as the
attack by our national vessel 011 the forts and
ships of this prince, were the consequence of
the attack upon the Monitor, was not strictly
correct. The proceedings were founded dis-
tinctly upon the attack made on the Pembroke
in the year previous; and those attacks were
continued, not only upon our commerce but
upon that of the other treaty Powers, until the
Japanese were pretty soundly drubbed, and
the payment of this money was the conse-
quence. I think, however, the Senator ought
to amend this resolution slightly in such a
manner as to cover other claims without delay-
ing the prosecution and payment of this claim
at all, so as to dispose of the whole matter at
ouce. 1 suggest that if after the word "Fee
Pang" the words " or other American vessels"
were inserted, and then before "1804" insert
" 18G3 and," the facts could be taken together,
and it would not delay the payment of this
claim at all. If no other claims were pre-
sented in the meantime, of course nothing
would come of it, and by 110 possible circum-
stance could the payment of this claim be de-
layed. Therefore, I move to insert in the fifth
line, after the word "Fee Pang," the words
"or other American vessel or vessels," and
at the beginning of the eighth line the words
" 18G3 and." Then the facts can all be taken
together.
Air. GRIMES. Does the Senator under-
stand that any other vessel was injured ? Was
the Pembroke struck at all?
Mr. CONNESS. I really do not know. The
papers are all in the possession of the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. T will inquire of the
Committee on Naval Affairs if any claim has
been before them for the Pembroke?
Mr. HENDRICKS. As I said before, the
claim that is before the Naval Committee is
for prize money on behalf of the commander
and men.
Mr.,CONNESS. What possible objection
can there be to the amendment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nothing, except my
fear that it may delay the settlement of this
case.
Mr. CONNESS. It cannot in any respect
whatever.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUFSEN. Another objec-
tion to it is that it is fishing for applications.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Maine that the evidence does not
show whether the Pembroke has been injured
or not. She escaped. In my judgment the
claim for prize money will probably not ex-
ceed $30,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, then; this
fund of $800,000 will cover, four times over,
all possible claims against it. I do not think
it very wise, when a claim has been filed, to
invite other claims on funds in the Treasury
by inserting such language as is now proposed
when no such claim has been made from 1863,
and it is now 18U8. It is merely putting out an
invitation to all persons, notifying them that
here is a fund, and that they may make claims
upon it. I do not think it is wise legislation,
unless a claim has been made or there is soine
proof that some other vessel was injured.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. 1 would suggest
April %
to the Senator from-Maine that he limit the
amount which may be paid by the Secretary
of State to the amount claimed by this vessel,'
not exceeding $30,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the first claim
was $40,000. I have no objection to limiting
it to that; but I do not think it is at all neces-
sary. This resolution was drawn at the De-
partment of State.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If that claim is
filed with the Secretary of State, I do not know
that it is necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This resolution was
drawn there to cover the matter. I do not
think it wise to put in others.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree with the Senator
from Maine that it does not seem expedient
now, in passing this resolution, to put in words
that will be like fishing wortls to fish for a
claim. In poiut of fact, this money has been
in the hands of our Government for a long
time, and there is only one claim that has been
filed. On that claim there has been a report
made to the Department of State by the ex-
aminer of claims. That report was before the
committee when they acted on this resolution ;
and that report shows that there is a certain
degree of merit in the claim.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will permit
me, I will withdraw the amendment to save
time.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
^ The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read thevthird
time, and passed.
REMISSION OF DUTIES ON A BELL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the SenatJ
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
881, which will excite no debate whatever, 1
think.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to take
this opportunity to remind the Senate that the
Naval appropriation hill, which was nearly
finished the other day, ought to be considered
and disposed of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not in the morning
hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill will not take
any time, 1 imagine.
l'he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 881) refunding
duties paid under protest on the importation
from France of a bell for the use of Saint
Mary's Institute and Notre Dame University,
Indiana.
The bill will be a direction to the Secretary
of the Treasury to refund to Rev. Edward Sorin
the amount of duties paid by him under pro-
test to the collector of the port of New York
in 1857 on a bell donated and imported from
France for the use of Saint Mary's Institute
and Notre Dame University, institutions in-
corporated by the State of Indiana for philo-
sophical and literary purposes.
The bill was reported to-the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. IIO WE. I want to remind the Senator
from Ohio that some years ago a like applica-
tion was made on behalf of a church to have
refunded the duties paid on a bell which was
presented t® the church by some parties, and
it was refused.
Sir. SHERMAN. If the Senator will hear
the brief report read, he will get the facts in
such_a way that I think he will not object to
the bill. 1 doubt very much whether the duties
were properly collected in this case." But the
report will explain it if the Senator desires
information as to the facts. The case to which
he refers was probably a case that accrued
before the act of 1861, which I think really
exempted these articles. I do not think this
bell was subject to duty, and, therefore, the
duty was improperly levied.
Mr. HOWE. When was the bell imported?
Mr. SHERMAN. Last summer; but under
the law as it now stands there is a provision
exempting bronze castings and works of art,
&c., for colleges and public "libraries. The
only question was whether a bell came under
exception of the present tariff act. My own
impression is that it does.
Mr. HOWE. Is there a written report?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a printed report,
a very brief one.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to hear it read.
The Secretary read thefollowingreport, made
by Mr. Sherman from the Committee on Fi-
nance on the 28th of March :
The Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
II. K. No. 881, refunding duties paid under protest on.
impoitation iroin Prance ot a bell donated for tho
use of St.. Mary's Institute and Notre Dame Univer-
sity, Indiana, beg leave to report:
Tile bell referred to weighs sixteen thousand six
hundred and iitty pounds, and is the largest in the
United States. It is composed of ninety-four per
cent, of Lake Superior copper. This was exported
to Fianeo, and there, withsixpercent.of tin, cast into
this bell. It was presented as a charity by the lis-
ters of Morey in France to the above-named institu-
tion of learning, conducted by the Sisters of Mercy
in Indiana.
It wasimportedunderthesuppositiontbat it would
he admitted free of duty under a etausc of section
twenty-thiee of the tariff act approved March %r
1801, which exempts from duty " all philosophical
apparatus, instruments, books, maps, and charts,
statues, statuary, busts and casts oi marble, bronze,
alabaster, or plaster ol Paris, paintings and draw-
ings, etchings, specimens of sculpture, cabinets of
coins, mcdalSj^regalia, gems, and all collections of
antiquities: 'Provided, The same be specially im-
ported in gtfod faith tor the use of any society incor-
porated established for philosophical, literary, or
religiojts purposes, or for the encouragement of tho
fine arts, or for the use or by the order of any college,
aoadBmy. school, or seminary of learning in the
Uiuted btates."
Iiider this clause organs have been admitted free
duty, 'l'he bell is certainly a cast of bronze for a
oflege, and is certainly as much a work ot art as an
organ. The collector of customs did not so regard
it, and the duties, amounting to $2,^03 8J, were paid.
Iho college now asks the refunding of these duties
tor the following reasons:
1. The bell was a donation to our institutions of
learning, which institutions during tho late war sent
evon its best and most efficient teachers, to the num-
ber of fifty, to serve in the military hospitals. Some
died, and many returned home shattered in health,
but iron* our institution we kept the number recruited
until the close of the war. For these services we were
encouraged by some of oiir most eminent generals to
believe that the duty (so insignificant; in its amount
to Congress, yet onerous to Sisters of Mercy, whose
lives are devoted to works ot charity) would be re-
mitted. Therefore when the bell reached New York
wo paid the amount under protest. -
t,,4}io.8c®on<1 reason why the memorialists supposed
that the boll would be passed iree oi duty was based on
tlie lact that, as a work of art, orratiier mechanism,
it is the linestarticle of the bell kind in the United
Mates, and as it wasnotimportedlors.ile, butmerely
lor tiie adornment.and improvement ot public liter-
ary institutions, tho memorialists pray Congress to
encourage the importation of such rare and valuable
donations, that are in a manner public property, by
aUowing on said boll the remkbion of dutv paid la.-1.
9 memorialists consider that another stron<*
the3 duty is found in thel'act that
tl!2„ V-w forms nmoty-iour per cent, of
t!, lfrn'?P0? 10IV naUve ore, having been exported
to i xance from Lake Superior.
tll° tacU V11 reasons thus stated your com-
mittee recommend that the duty be refunded.
Mr. IIOWE. Now, Mr. President. I do not
know but that if this was an original question
I should vote to remit these duties; but I do
respectfully insist that the rule ought to be uni-
form, and I cannot perceive a single fact which
distinguishes this case from tho case to which
I referred, where such a remission of duties
was absolutely refused.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not remember tho
case mentioned by the Senator from wLoo
S!'ti kut * know, smci? f have been connected
Fininop?*°nimI#H-66 °f W?ysand Mcansand the
m cases6 Ms--e>Ve maJe
this
' cases much weaker than
this, many times. There are at least fiftv mV-
eedents ot remissions of duties to public cot-
leges, and therefore, in consequence of tiu-
general practice that has grown up to rem:t
duties on works of art, this provision m the ta' iii
act was inserted. 1 presume that the bell
referred to by the Senator from Wwonn-'
oTtt'rct.been imported befoi'e ^pas^:
*rr" T*rhat act?
Mr !u!AeRN' T?letariff ^t of 18CI-C9
Mr. faU.Jl.NER. I do not raeaa to express
