184
SUPPLEMENT TO
appointed; but the whole value, I say, is gone
because they have not given us the record ;
they have only given us memoranda, and it is
so stated, "memoranda of records." Who
has any commission to make meniorandafrom
the records for evidence belbre the Senate?
And then in the certificate the word "copies"
is stricken out, and the words are written in:
"A true statement of the records"—a state-
ment such as Mr. Edgar T. Welles chooses to
make, or such as anybody else chooses to make.
I never heard before that anybody had a right
to come and certify memoranda of records, and
put it in as evidence. That is one paper.
Then the next paper, although itpurportsto
contain true copies of records from the office,
consists of nothing but letters about the ap-
pointment and removal of officers, Navy agents
again; but being so removed and appointed
only a portion of the correspondence is given
us. When the nominations were sent in is not
given us. I do not mean to say that my friends
on the other side chose to leave anything out;
but whoever prepared this for them has chosen
to leave out the material facts -whether the
Senate was in session, or whether other names
weie sent, in. Now, the question is if you are
going to take excerpts from the records.
I want to call the attention of the Senate
still further to the fact that«all the officers who
are covered by these papers they have offered
are appointed under the act of "May 15, 1820,
for four years. That act provided that:
"All district attorneys, roller-tors of the customs,
naval officers and surveyors of tho custom*, Navy
agents, receivers of public moneys for lauds, regis-
ters of the hind offices, paymasters in tho Army, tho
apothecai.y gencul, tho as^tant apothecaries Ren-
oral, and tho commissary general of purchases, to ho
appointed under the laws oftho United States shall
he appointed tor the term of four years, but shall lie
removable from office atpleasme,"
So that their very tenure of office settles it
that they are removable ''at pleasure," so en-
acted by the law which creates them; and now
tho gentlemen are going to show that under
that, in some particular instances, officers were
removed at pleasure, but not to show how they
were removed, the manner of their removal,
and then to attempt to show that by memo-
randa made by Edgar T. Welles, certified by
Gideon Welles to bo chief clerk. Is that evi-
dence?
Mr. CURTIS. I understand tho substance
of the objections made to these documents to
be Uvo. The first is that these are only mem-
oranda from the records and not copies, not
full and formal copies from the records. It is
said that it is not proper to adduce in evidence
such statements of the results shown by the
records: that instead of giving a table contain-
ing the name of the officer, the office which he
held, the day when removed, ami the person
by whose order he was removed there should
be an extended copy of the entire act and all
the papers relating to it. Well, in the first
place, 1 wish the Senate to call to mind that
the only document of this character relating
to removals from office which has been put in
by the honorable Managers is a document from
the Department of State, which contains ex-
actly this memorandum of facts:
" Schedulel}.
"List of appointments of heads of Departments
made by the President at any uino during the ses-
sion ot the Senate:
"Timothy Pickering, Postmaster General, June 1,
1791.
"Samuel L. Southard, Acting Secretary of the
Treasury, Januaiy 26, 1S29."
And so on. That is. it is a list extracted out
of the records in the Depait.ment of the Sec-
retary of State containing the names of the
officers, the offices they held, the date when
they were removed, and the authority by which
they were removed.
Mr. JOHNSON. How is it certified?
Mr. CURTIS. It is simply certified by the
Secretary of State himself.
21 r. Manager BUTLER. In what language?
Mr. CURTIS. I his is a eopy which I bold j
in my hand, and I am not prepared to say how
it is ceitified : but it is in evidence, and can be
seen. I think it will be found to be simply a
letter from the Secretary of State saying that
there were found on the records of his Depart-
ment these facts, not any formal certificate of
extracts from the records. If, however, the
Senate should think that it is absolutely neces-
sary, or, under the circumstances of this case,
proper to require these certified copies of the
entire acts, instead of taking the names, dates,
and other particulars from the records in the
form which we have thought most convenient,
and which certainly takes up less time and
space than the other would, we must apply for
and obtain them. If there is a technical diffi-
culty of that sort it is one which we must
remove.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the counsel state
what the act of Congress is which makes these
certificates evidence?'
Mr. CURTIS. There are several acts of
Congress ; but in regard to the Navy Depart-
ment, if I recollect aright, it is in effect that
copies of the records and extracts from the
records may be certified. I think that is the
law.
'The substantial objection which the learned
Manager undertook to state was that this paper
which we now offer would be illusory, and the
reason is, because, although it shows tho name
of tho officer, the office he held, the fact of his
removal, and the date of the removal, it does
not show whether the Senate was then in
session, and it does not show what the Presi-
dent did in connection with or in consequence
of that removal in the form of a nomination to
the Senate. How can the, records of the De-
partment. of the Navy show those facts? They
appear here on your records, and we propose
when we have closed the offer of this species
of proof to ask the Senate to direct its proper
officer to make a certificate from its records of
the beginning and end of each session of the
Senate from the origin of the Government
down to tho present time. That is what we
shall call for at the proper time, and that will
supply that part of the difficulty which the
gentleman suggests. The other part of the
difficulty which he suggests is, that it does not
appear that the President did not till up these
removals by immediate nominations when they
were made during the session of the Senate.
It does not appear cither way. If he desires
to argue that the President did fill them up by
immediate nominations, he will find the nomin-
ations and put them in undoubtedly. The
reemds of the Navy Department, from which
this statement comes, can furnish no informa-
tion on that, subject, and theielbre it is not
defective in that paitieuUr.
Mr. Manager iiUTLER. The counsel fot
the President, I think, judge well, that when
they can find that we have taken any particu-
lar course that must bo tho right course and
(lie one they ought to follow. We certainly
accept that as being the very best exposition
of the law so far as we are concerned. But the
difficulty is this: we offer testimony sometimes
that is not objected to; and I asked my learned
friends, I think, in the case referred to, whether
they objected to that evidence, and they made
no objection. If they had, I might have been
more formal; but that does not meet the diffi-
culty quite. The difficulty I find is that they
go to the wrong sources of evidence. Evidence
of the removal and appointment of officers and
the affixing of the seal to commissions is to
be sought for only in the State Department.
No officer who is removed or appointed by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, who
j holds his commission under that tenure, can
lie appointed or can be removed without all
! the circumstances appearing in the State De-
! parlment; and there is the place they should
: go for this evidence. If they would go to the
1 State Department, they wouid get it all; they
I would find out when lie was appointed, when
i he was removed, when his successor was ap-
pointed, when he was nominated, and every-
thing precisely as they liaye in the case of Mr.
Pickering.
M r. C URTIS. Does the honorable Manager
understand that under the laws of the United
States all these officers must be commissioned
by the Secretary of State, and that the facts
appear in his Department, including the officers
under the Interior, the Treasury, the War, and
the Navy Departments?
Mr. Manager BU fLER. With the single
exception of the Treasury, I do.
Mr. CURTIS. I do not.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do so understand
it, and it will so appear, I think. But at any
rate when the gentleman takes these commis-
sions he will find that the commissions all
emanate with the seal of the United States and
the signature of the Secretary of State upon
them. The testimony that he offers is not the
commissions of these officers; and to show ihat
that is the fact I only appeal to his own papers
here. Instead of sending us the commissions
of these officers, what is the evidence of the
appointment?
Navy Department. J lurch 21,183S.
Sir: Tho President of tho United States, by and
with the advice jmd consent of the Senate, having
appointed j ou Navy agent for four years fioui the
22d of March, 183S, X have tho pleasure to inclose
herewith your commission, dated the 21th of March.
l&iS.
I am, respectfully, yours, II. DICKERSON.
Leonard Jai:vis, esq., Nnvy Agent, Ronton.
The evidence that 1hey give us of the ap-
pointment is a letter of the Secretary, reciting
the fact of the commission. If tliey-had gone
to the State Department they would have found
the record of the commission. Why I com-
plain of it, and that is all the reason I complain
of it, is that again it is illusory. If it was a
mere matter of form I would not care about
it. If my friend will tell me that they will put
in the exact dates when these parties were
nominated I shall have no objection ; but they
place either upon the Senate or upon me the
burden of going to the records and looking up
these dates and looking up the evidence to
control their evidence. That, is to say, the
Senate^ allow them to put in memoranda of
part of a transaction, and put upon the Man-
agers of the House of Representatives the
burden of going and looking up the rest of it.
I say it is not right to do so ; that where they
put in the transaction they ought to put in the
whole record of the transaction, and then we
can all see exactly what the transaction was.
Mr. President, I have so much respect for
my learned friends that whenever they state a
matter of law as they stated it to the learned
Senator from Maryland, that extracts from
records might be certified, I am almost alraid
to object; but I beg leave to read from Bright-
ly's Digest, the seventeenth section, on page
287, although it is a very bad practice to read
from digests:
"All books, papers, documents, and records in tho
"War, Navy, Treasury, and Post (Mite Dcp.u Imcn ?,
and the Attorney Ueuerat's olxice, may be copied unit
certified under seal in the same manner as tlio.-o in
the State Department may now by law be, and with
the same force and effect, and tho said Ai torney Gen-
eral shall cause a seal to be made and provided for
his office, with such device as tho President oftho
United States shall approve."
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the date of that
act?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That act is dated
February 22, 1849.
Mr. JOHNSON. Thank you, sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. And t hat act refers
to the act of September 15. 1789, which pro-
vides :
" That all copies of records and papers in the offioo
of theDcpartment of State, authenticated under the
seal of the said Department, shall be evidence equally
as the original record or paper."
I have not seen any statute which gives any
right to certify extracts of records. If these
were extracts of entire records they would do ;
but these are memoranda ; that is, the gloss,
the interpretation, the collation, the dicgesis
of the clerk of that Department of iherecoids.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Tho Chief Justice
will submit the question to the Senate.
The Chief Justice put the question, and de-
clared that the noes appealed to have it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
