1220
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
larand diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending 30th June, 1869, and for
other purposes.
The pending amendment, offered by Mr.
taws'-IAMS' l ennsylvania, was read as fol-
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Cnairman, the amendment which I have offered
contemplates a modification of our diplomatic
relations with some of these so-called republics
^?nt,r,a'and South America-—designated "re-
publics only by courtesy, for they are anything-
else than republics, and they never will become
republics.^ I think that in regard to this mat-
ter there is a great leak here. My friend, the
acting chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, [Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,J has
acquired a large reputation throughout the
country as an economist. He is supposed to
sit here as the guardian of the Treasury chest.
.Now, I agree with him in his desire for econ-
omy, and I generally vote with him on his
amendments. I am rather surprised that the
gentleman should have overlooked a matter of
this sort, which calls so loudly for action at
the hands of Congress.
Now, sir, what are these so-called republics ?
What is_ the extent of their commerce and their
population ? ^ And what is the character of
their population ? Why, some of these States
to which we send ministers resident liaye a
population of about three hundred and fifty thou-
sand souls, few of them over a million. Even
Peru, Chili, Mexico, and Brazil, to which we
send these more expensive missions, hare pop-
ulations of no considerable numbers.
What is the commerce of these countries
that we should indulge in this large expendi-
ture for the purpose of keeping up with them
relations ot this sort? Is there any necessity
that we should have there any higher repre-
sentatives than consuls? Cannot the case be
fully provided for in that way? I believe that
for all these little Central American States—
Guatemala, Nicaragua, Honduras, Bolivia,
<fce.—I cannot undertake to name them all—
one or two consuls could do all that is required
for the interests of this nation. The commerce
in this case is of small consequence. It amounts
to nothing. Who are the people ? Generally
wild Indians. An embassador may find the
capital after some difficulty; but if he find a
court, if he find a people, he must be a fortu-
nate man. Most of them are native Indians.
There are three races there. There is the
Spanish race, there is the negro race; then
there are endless intermixtures which would
puzzle the ingenuity of Humboldt to name. I
am sure it would baffle the ingenuity of my eth-
nological friend from New York [Mr. Brooks]
to assign to them names. Yet, sir, we send
full embassadors to these people. Now, I pro-
pose to supply their places with consuls. I
have not changed the amount of the appropri-
ation, for I have not had the time to make the
necessary reduction if my proposition should
be adopted. That can be done hereafter. I
suggest now that we strike out these missions
and make provision for commercial agencies.
They will answer all the purposes we have for
representatives there. 1 do not see why we
should send them full missions when we do
not send them to kingdoms in Europe. _
I call on the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
WASHBraxn] to stand by me in this matter.
He can here really save something to the Gov-
ernment. The saving by putting the hand upon
the spigot and letting it run out at the bung,
thus wasting away the resources of the country,
is not what I advocate. I ask him to come up
now and aid me with his vote in this matter,
so when he returns to his constituents and they
complain of extravagance in Government ex-
penditures he can say "Thou canst not say I
did it."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I have only one word to say in reply to
February 17,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wil-
liams.] The Committee on Appropriations
found all these little republics represented by
ministers to the United States, and that our
ministers were there representing this great
Republic in those smaller republics.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. That' is
the trouble—that they are there.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Finding
that to be the case the committee reported
under the law the necessary appropriations.
1 tell the gentleman from Pennsylvania I am
utterly indifferent to what the House does. I
do not'care whether our conn try is represented
there or not. It is for gentlemen to determine
whether they will strikeout the appropriations
for our representatives to these sister republics.
.Mr. BANKS rose.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend by provid-
ing it shall not take effect until after the pres-
ent fiscal year.
Mr. Chairman, I have only one word to say
in opposition to the proposition of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania. I concede there may
be some question about the exccllence of the
Governments to which he refers, but we do not
send ministers to foreign Governments because
of the peculiar excellencc of these Govern-
ments. It is with reference to the interests
of our own—our own national interests. How-
ever imperfect the Government may be it may
still be important that our Government should
be well represented.
The commcrce of the United States—indeed,
I may say, of the world—will center ultimately
at the isthmus, and our representation there is
affected by the gentleman's proposition. The
control of tho commerce of the eastern and
western world will ultimately be across this
isthmus. In sending ministers, able men,
there to represent the Government of the Uni-
ted States, we send men not to meet the people
of those States, but the representatives of other
Governments and other nations in other parts
of the world. We send ministers there to cope
with them in regard to this most important part
of tho continent of North and South America;
and it will be in tho last degree unwise to cut
off this appropriation for our representatives
there. We want the best men we can have
thereto represent the political and commer-
cial interests of the United States. I hope
the amendment will not he adopted.
One word in regard to the South American
States. They have apopulation of some twelve
or fifteen million people. Theircommcrce will
be of vast importance to the people of the Uni-
ted States hereafter, because we arc in closer
proximity to them than any other nation.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. That is
the population of all South America?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir. I speak of our gen-
eral commercial interests in this part of the
country. Great Britain, France, and other
nations have had their ablest men there and
have had the entire control. We ought never
to cease our vigilance over this part of the
country. We ought to be represented there by
our bpst men.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. What
is the commerce of these States?
Mr. BANKS. I know the commerce has
been constantly diminishing. While that of
Great Britain and France, in those States lying
at the very threshold of our country, has been
doubling, trebling, and quadrupling, ours has
almost entirely disappeared, and it is necessary
that we should obtain, by fitting and proper rep-
resentation, not only that commercial power
which we heretofore havo enjoyed, but should
increase it in accordance with the growing com-
merce of this country. To send a consular
agent there is to dwindle the representation of
the United States to a mere trading agency
whereas our interest is not only commercial in
its largest sense, but in a very great degree
political, and of tho highest importance.
Mr. BUTLER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I think the argument of my colleague
is suicidal in this: he says that the commerce
of these nations has been constantly diminish-
ing. Well, sir, if while-we have had ministers
there our commerce was constantly diminish-
ing, let us try awhile without a minister and
see if it will not increase. I think we ought to
have some change if the statement of my col-
league is correct, as I have no doubt it is.
Mr. BANKS. I say that our commerce has
been swept from the sea by other nations, and
we want to regain our power. Therefore it is
important that we have resident ministers there.
Mr. BUTLEK. The fact of having minis-
ters resident there or not has no effect upon
our commerce. I cannot go as sweepingly into
this amendment as my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr, Wiixiams.] I desire that we shall
take the vote separately on each one of these
States. I do not understand that there is any
necessity for having a minister at Ecuador or
Bolivia or Guatemala, and I do not believe
there is any necessity for a mission at the Ar-
gentine Confederation. But as regards Costa
liica, Honduras, and Nicaragua, I would con-
cur with my colleague. In the present state
of our commerce I think there ia a necessity
for covering those States of Central America.
I hope, therefore, that the different countries
will be voted upon separately.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment, and the Chair under-
stands it is withdrawn.
Mr. PIICE. I renew it. It seems to me the
diminution of missions is made in the wrong
place—that we should rather diminish the
number in Europe than in Central America.
1 have no objection to a partial diminution,
I notice that several of these countries have no
minister resident here now. Ecuador is one.
But if I understand the theory of sending min-
isters abroad, it is this: that a minister resi-
dent or plenipotentiary, or whatever name you
may give him, is a man who attends to the
political relations of this Government abroad.
A consul is a man who attends to commercial
relations.
Now, I do not know what political relations
we have with several of the European Gov-
ernments. I do not know what we have with
Belgium or Holland or Denmark or Sweden
that makes it a matter of the slightest conse-
quence whether we have a minister there or
not; but it is of consequence that we should
have some commercial agents there. Our
commerce with those countries is very small.
Our European commerce, under our infamous
navigation^ laws, has been diminishing con-
stantly until we have scarcely any importations
from Europe in American bottoms. Nine
tenths of our foreign importations come ia
foreign bottoms, and whatever change there
may be it should rather be in the political rep-
resentation abroad than in the commercial
relations. I see not the slightest objection to
economizing in the matter of political repre-
sentation abroad. It is of vast consequence to
the material interest of this Government that
we should take care of our commercial repre-
sentation by beginning to take care of our
commercial laws at home.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I hope the House will hesitate before
it takes any step toward curtailing representa-
tion abroad. Neither in South America nor
Ui any part of Europe exists any Government
or any people where the interests of the Uni-
ted States may not be found. Therefore, in
our efforts to economize the expenditures of
the Government, let us devote our attention to
some other things than curtailing the repre-
sentation of this country in foreign lands,
wjiero not only our institutions are now ami
may be of grave interest to the neonle resident
there, but where we have commercial and
political interests of
T, -Y   very great importance.
i hegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wii.-
lia-VsJ moves to strike out certain representa-
tives to the South American republics, and he
specifies the Argentine Confederation. Is he
?n ft f ? °lty °f/Baenos A?res> Seated
m that country, is one of the principal seaports
