4292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
nies an equitable claim upon Congress for the
injury they may have sustained, whatever that
injury mightbe? If they shall sustain injury by
this bill which it is now proposed to pass (ana
if they shall ultimately be prevented from con-
structing these bridges with a three hundred
feet span, they will be materially injured)
they will have ajust and equitable claim upon
Congress to the extent of their loss.
I take it for granted that when the act of
1862 was passed Congress had full informa-
tion before it upon that subject. I assume
that Congress would never have passed the
act of 1862 authorizing these bridges to be
built with the three hundred feet span unless
they bad full and ample information upon the
subject to justify them in making the enact-
ment. Having made it, and induced parties
to expend their money largely in this enter-
prise, is Congress now to be called on so to
modify this law as materially to injure those
whom it has thus induced to engage in the
great work? Congress would have jnst as
much right, when three fourths or four fifths
of a bridge had been completed, to say that it
shall not be completed, and that the span shall
be five hundred feet, as they now have to say
that they shall not prosecute this work, although
they have expended $400,000 upon it, and are
ready for immediate progress. 1 say, there-
fore, that it would be unjust and inequitable in
Congress to pass such a law as this without
the amendment of the Senator from West Vir-
ginia.
I hold in my hand a report made in August,
1867, less than twelve months ago, from twenty-
eight of the most distinguished engineers in
this country,and who. aftera full examination,
report that they cannot recommend a span of
more than three hundred feet, and they assign
their reasons for it. They also state that a span
of five hundred feet would cost a much larger
sum than one of three hundred feet. Let me
read what they say on the subject:
" It was proved in joint committee that the cost of
appan of fivo hundred and twenty feet (live hundred
feet in the clear) will bemore than twice as great per
foot of bridge as a span of three hundred and sixty-
eight feet (threo hundred and fifty feet in the clear)
and not less than threo times as great as a span of
three hundred and four feet; consequently, the cost
of one span of live hundred and twenty feet will bo
equal to two spans of three hundred and sixty-eight
feet, and one and a half spans ot two hundred and
sixty-four feet; that is, lor the cost of one span of five
hundred and twenty feet, no less than eleven hun-
dred and fifty feet of bridge in spans of threo hundred
and sixty-eight feet and two hundred and sixty-tour
feet may be built."
The committee give the results of elaborate
estimates of the weight of the bridge and the
loads it will have to sustain, and of the conse-
quent strains that will come on its several parts.
They also give the spans of the various bridges
ill this country, as follows:
Feet.
Longest span, Brazos river, Texas 250
Longestspan, BigBlack, Mississippi  162
Longest span, Tennessee river, Tennessee 196
Longest span, Cumberland river, Tennessee 209
Longest span, Duck river, Tennessee  200
Spans of bridges over the Penobscot river 200
Spans of Connecticut river bridges   200
Spans of Hudson river bridge  200
Much ice, many rafts, and large steamers.
Spans of the Schuylkill, Philadelphia  196
Spans of the Susquehanna  250
Spans of the Mississippi at, Quincy 250
Spans of the Missouri at Kansas City  250
Spans of the Missouri at St. Charles, (being com-
menced)  325
Spans of the Monougahela at Pittsburg  -
Spans of the Alleghany at Pittsburg  150
Spans of the Kentucky, nearmouth  200
Spans of the Kentucky at Frankfort 100
Long spans of the Ohio river, at Louisville, at
low water  350
" At the Victoriabridgc (nearly twomiles in length)
the largest span is three hundred and thirty feet at
the bridge level, and less at low-water level."
Now, sir, these are the bridges of this coun-
try, and the span of scarcely any of them
comes up to the span provided for in the act
of Congress of 1802.
I find also in this report a letter from Me-
Nairy, Claflen & Co., engineers, in which
they state:
"We consider bridges constructed in span greatly
exceeding three hundred feet as experimental, and
presenting engineering and mechanical difficulties al-
most insurmountable without sacrificing the strength
of the structure, while spans of fivo hundred feet,,
although one at the present time is projected in this
country, we doem decidcdly impracticable, and wo
believe it. is so considered by the best engineers in
the country, not only on account of the immense
cost, but also of the difficulty of procuring material
of suitable character to resist the strains in such a
structure."
There are other letters here to the same
effect.
Now, I submit it to the justice of the Senate
whether it is proper at this particular juncture
to restrain these parties who have expended
their money from prosecuting the work on
these bridges? Why, sir, the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company have already built one
steamer, running to Liverpool, and two large
steamers, costing $700,000 each in gold, run-
ning to Bremen every month, and the freights
and emigration have so increased that they are
now building two other large steamers of equal
size to ply between this country and Bremen,
touching at Southampton in England. Their
business is increasing to a great extent, and
they will need these bridges across the Ohio as
soon as they can possibly be constructed, to
enable them to send the immigrants and the
freight brought from Europe to the far West.
I submit, therefore, to the judgment of the
Senate whether these bridges ought not to be
excepted from the amendment offered by the
Senator from West Virginia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
West Virginia to the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; ayes .seven, noes not counted.
Mr. WIELEY. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the proposed
substitute :
And the said board of engineers shall also examine
the bridge across tile Ohio river at Stcubenville, and
report whether it is any obstruction to the naviga-
tion of said river, and if so to what extent, and what
should be done to remedy such obstruction.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that a very im-
portant, amendment. I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have an amendment
to propose, to which I suppose there will be
no objection whatever. It is to add :
Provided, That the provisions of this act shall not
be applicable to the bridge now ill process of con-
struction at Louisville.
That is being constructed with a four hun-
dred feet span, and there is no question about
it. No engineer lias objected to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope whatever rule
may be adopted will be general. The same
trouble occurs there. All that my constituents
want is one uniform rule, applicable to Louis-
ville, Cincinnati, Bellaire, and everywhere
else. I object to the amendment.
Mr. FREIJNGHUYSEN. What is the
span?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not suppose the
Senator from Ohio would make that broad
statement. The facts in connection with the
channel at the falls of the Ohio are entirely
different from the facts at any other point of
the river. A bridge is now being built of four
hundred feet span, when the law required but
three hundred, and it is far advanced in its
construction, and is to be finished this fall.
It is above the falls, and the Senator knows
that the main business there is through the
canal. The objection which has been urged
at Steubenville and elsewhere is because barges
are attached to steamboats. No such com-
bination of boats can pass through the canal.
The boat will have to be stripped of the barges.
There is not the least objection to this amend-
ment,.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think that bridge is very
far advanced.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is nearly completed.
Mr. RAMSEY. It would not do to inter-
fere with that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And the company has
gone one hundred feet beyond what the law
required.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have always under-
stood from the friends of this proposition that
the five hundred feet span people consented
not to interfere with the bridge at Louisville.
Mr. POMEROY. This amendment, does
not interfere with it. It only requires a report.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My amendment is in
accordance with the committee's report.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Four hundred
feet span is enough for any bridge. That is
the truth about it.
Mr. MORTON. I will say a word on this
subject. I think I understand it._ The chute
on the Indiana side of the falis is four hun-
dred feet in width between the rocks, as I
understand it, and the bridge has been made
that wide. There is a four hundred feet span
there which is being bnilt. The sweep of the
current is such as to take boats into this chan-
nel ; and it is estimated that the span of four
hundred feet there is equal to a span of
five hundred and fifty feet anywhere else on
the river. That is the fact about that. They
are building a four hundred feet span there.
The president of the road says that he would
have built it five hundred feet just as quick if
he had been required. Their engineer does
not think there is any trouble about making it
five hundred or six hundred feet.
Mr. HENDERSON. And that includes all
the channel there is.
Mr. MORTON. That includes all the chan-
nel over the fulls. The bridge is being built
over the falls, right where the water breaks on
the rocks. That is the fact about that bridge.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is satisfactory.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. CONNESS. Let it be read as amended.
The Chief Clerk read it as follows :
That the Secretary of "War, with the approval of
the President, shall appoint a board of scientific en-
gineers, to consist of not less than five nor more than
seven, who shall report to the next session of Con-
gress the proper width of spans in railroad bridges
across the Ohio river adapted to the wants of navi-
gation and commerce upon that river; and that until
Congress shall by law take action upon said report
no bridge shall be constructed over said river. And
the said board of engineers shall also examine the
bridge across the Ohio river at Stcubenville and re-
port whether it is any obstruction to the navigation
of said river; and if so, to what extent, and what
should be done to remedy such obstruction : Provided,
That the pi'ovisions of this act shall not be applicable
to the bridge now in process of construction at Louis-
ville.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to add a few words
to the last amendment, so as to make it con-
form to the statement made. I suppose no
one will object to it. It is to add " and said
bridge shall not be less than four hundred feet
in the clear."
Mr. MORTON. Say "over the Indiana
chute," to make it plain.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care what chute
it is over ; I mean the main span, because my
information is that the same difficulty occurs
there.
Mr. MORTON. That is a good suggestion
to go in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio will be re-
ported.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the proviso so that it -will read :
Provided .That the provisions of this act shall not
be applicable to^ the bridge now in procoss of con-
struction at Louisville, which bridge shall not be of
less span than lour hundred feet across the main
channel of the river.
Ihe amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Ihe billwas reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
.The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. POMEROY, the title of
the bill was amended so as to read: "A bill in
relation to bridges across the Ohio river.'7
