2244
THE CON"GRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April
the camps_ and performed precisely the same
services without pay, and services quite as val-
uable in every particular. The country un-
doubtedly owes a debt of gratitude to all of
them, and to everybody else who served the
country m its, time of trial; but I donotregard
it as being: a sufficient excuse for making an
exception in this case simply on that account.
01 coarse it is an unpleasant duty to make
even the show of opposition to anything of
this description, and my own objection is sim-
ply that it is introducing into our system a new
principle, which, if carried into the revenue
laws of both characters, would deprive us of a
very large income which we cannot afford to
spare, after the encroachments which have
been made so far.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
Mr, ANTHONY. I beg to inquire of the
Chair if the unfinished business is not in order
at one o'clock?
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow this bill to be voted on, "
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 am perfectly willing;
but I want it understood that the unfinished
business is laid aside informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have nothing to say in
regard to the order of business, but I do not
wish to call up this bill again. J. hope it will
be now disposed of;
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish the unfin-
ished business to lose its place, and 1 simply
enter my protest for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT piro tempore. The Chan-
understands that the unfinished business is the
resolution of the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope the Senate will
allow it to lie over informally, whatever it is,
for the purpose of disposing of this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 think the unfinished
business is the naval appiopriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business is the resolution to permit the
reporter of the Associated Press to occupy a
seat onthefloorduringtliotrial of thoimpeach-
ment. That is before the Senate, and can only
be passed over by unanimous consent. Is there
any objection to continuing tiie consideration
Of the present bill? No objection being made,
House bill No. 881 continues before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to detain
the Senate, but I could show many precedents
of this kind where importations for charitable
purposes and for colleges have been admitted
free of duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those exceptions were
in old times, when we could atford it.
Mr. S1IE11MAN. I had a list of some forty
or fifty cases furnished me by persons who are
desirous to get this bill passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They were before the
war, were they not?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; not all of them.
One_ occurred in New York, two years ago, of a
remission of duty for some charitable purpose.
I think it was a remission for a church. There
were cases nearly every year for three years,
and finally the principle was adopted which is
incorporated in the proviso in the law, quoted
in the report, declaring that all works of art,
all bronzes or casts, statuary, marble, &e., for
colleges or philosophical and literary institu-
tions, should be admitted free of duty. It seems
to me that this case comes clearly within that
rule. 1 do not see why a great bell is not as
much a work of art as an organ. One is to
give sound to call the people in, and the other
is to make music for those who assemble in
church. They are both of the same character;
both _ produce sounds, and musical sounds.
One is a chime of bells which call the people
to the sanctuary ; the other is to amuse them
when they get there, or to turn their thoughts
heavenward. I trust that this request of the
Ladies of Mercy, who appeal to our benevo-
lence, will be granted without a division. I
did not myself suppose when this bill was pre-
sented that it would create the least division or
debate. I trust we may have a vote and remit
these duties.
Mr. COBfNESS. I will only occupy a min-
ute, sir. I hope that this bill will pass_, not
upon the general principle as stated,_ which I
do not admit, because it would be a discrimin-
ation against labor, that because it is a domes-
tic product that enters into a manufacture, the
domestic product may be sent into a foreign
country and then imported here free of duty.
I do not think that our revenue laws contain
any such general provision, and if they did it
would be well to change it at once. But upon
its merits I desire tho bill to pass. It is a very
small matter to the Government of the United
States. It is in behalf of persons whose lives
aro given- for benevolent, philanthropic, and
religions purposes; and I am willing to give a
vote without any regard to the association, its
religious class or otherwise, in every such case,
for a remission of the duty. It can scarcely be
called a subscription for this great purpose,
and if it were it would be rather creditable to
us than the contrary. But there are reasons,
and they have been stated, clearly showing this
to be a case in which the duty, in all probabil-
ity, was wrongfully collected and exacted, and
I think it ought to bo remitted and paid back,
and I hope it will be.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hardly expected the
Senator from Maine to oppose this bill. It is
only about eight or ten days ago since he asked
that all articles brought, into this country which
might be used in tho ship-building business
should come in free, and 1 voted with him be-
cause I thought he was right. He said to us
that the ship-building interest was very much
depressed, and they could not very well afford
to pay tho duties; and when he said that of
course 1 voted with him. ' Now, I think I may
say to him that tho cause of education and of
religion cannot very well afford to pay this tax,
especially as this case falls clearly within the
analogies which wo have recognized not only
in special but in general legislation, that where
an article is manufactured so entirely out of
American material that it has to coriie in for
the ornament of the country, and where, so far
as it has any benefit at all, it goes for an edu-
cational and religious cause which we never
tax, it seems to me that there ought to be no
question aboutit, I think that there is no State
of this Union which taxes education or reli-
gion. This is a tax upon both. The finest bell
in tho country, not an ornament alone to that
institution of learning, but to tho whole coun-
try. I understand that it is so superior, so-
extraordinary in its qualities, that it can be
heard, the atmosphere being favorable, to a
distance of thirty miles. Such a bell is cer-
tainly not only an ornament to that institution
and the State of .Indiana, but to the country
generally. 1 should hope there would be not
a single vote against remitting these duties.
Reference was made very admirably by tho
Senator from Maryland to the services of the
Sisters of Chanty and Mercy during the war.
The Senator from Maine thinks that there are
many other persons who have rendered ser-
vices also of a like kind. Not as a class, Mr.
President. Perhaps as a class there aro no
set of females in the countiy who contributed
more to the comfort and happiness of the sol-
diers in the hospitals when confined by wounds
or sickness than the Sisters of Charity and
Mercy.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed for a
third reading, wa3 read the third time, and
passed.
NAVAL Ai'LMlOrnjATIOX HILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution of the Senator from Rhode Island is the
unfinished business, and is now in order.
Air. MORRILL, of Maine. I will ask tho
Senator to allow that to be laid aside inform-
ally to allow the Senate to conclude the naval
appropriation bill, which was very nearly fin-
ished on a former day. It will occupy only a
few minute?, I trust.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
the special order being laid aside informally,
especially as I suppose T shall be voted down
if I resist the Senator from Maine.
The, PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is. there
objection to the unfinished business going over
informally?- If no objection be made, the bill
mentioned by the Senator from Maine will be
taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to say that there
is a bill which I have had in my drawer for a
long time, and I have had it in my hand re-
peatedly, and it is very important that it should
be acted upon this week. It is a House bill to
regulate the selection of officers of the city of
Washington, District of Columbia. It is very
important it should be acted on, and I hope I
can have the assistance of my friend from
Maine in getting it up after the appropriation
bill is disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. There is
no objection to passing over informally the
spccial order. The bill mentioned by the Sen-
ator from Maine will be taken up as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.//
The Senate, as in/Committee of the Whole,
resumed tho consideration of the bill (H. tt.
No. fifil) making^ippropriations for the naval
servicCTftn" the/year ending 30th June, 1869;
the pcnony'(jBc.-'tion being on the last amend-
ment rcpoi^a by the Committee on Appro-
priations', to add tho following proviso to the
second section:
Provided, That the number of apprentices and Imys
shall not exceed twelve hundred and tifty.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I wish
to make a suggestion which, strictly speaking,
is not so applicable directly to this amendment
as to the amendment last preceding, which was
adopted in committee and upon which I shall
ask a separate vote in the Senate. The Sen-
ate adopted the amendment preceding this,
putting the complement of the Navy at eighty-
five hundred, with apprentices and boys added,
upon a misstatement made by me and one or
two other Senators as to the number of which
the Navy consisted before the war. The in-
formation of the committee was, and the state-
ment of the chairman was, and my own state-
ment was, that before the war there were
actually in the Navy eighty-five hundred men,
and that in addition to that there were a num-
ber of boys, thought by somebody who had
made a remark upon the subject to consist of
about eight hundred. I have now as to the
boys there were in the Navy no information
more accurate than that which I had the other
day. I was informed then, and have been in-
formed since, that in truth there was no such
number of boys; but in reference to the rank
and file of the Navy I have very definite in-
formation, which shows that in truth there
never was any such number as is propo.-ed
now and as we supposed formerly existed. In
a communication which I have from Commo-
dore Smith, the chief of the Bureau of Equip-
ment and Recruiting, he states that in lb-30
there were seventy-five hundred men in the
Navy;_ in 1855 there were seventy-five hun-
dred; in 1860 there were seventy-six hundred.
He states, as do the Fourth and Second Aud-
itors, that it is impossible to get at accurately
the number of boys without au examination
that I could not ask them to make; but tho
general information is that the number was
not so great as was stated the other day.
Now, Mr. President, the Senate will observe
that, intending as the Senate did to cut down
the i\avy, to reduce it certainly to a number
as small as that which existed anterior to the
rebellion we aro about to add nine hundred
men to the rank and file, and twelve hundred
and fifty young men under the name of apmen-
r TYi ? ff'V™ answer to this, and such
is tho fact, that the Navy might before the war
have been increased to eighty-five hundred,
lhat 1 understand was the limit; but I am
speaking to the fact, which is that it never
"J0..® , limit, that the highest number it
u-
. ,f . .-<1 and filly as appr7nirc*esd
we make it consist of ninety-seven hundred tnd
lutv. whmh IS mnm
more
ever actually embraced was seventy-six huu-
dred. If now we make it eighty-five hundred
and add twelve hundred and fiftv L ,nn„5.
/•/> i. , .  . iiunarf
(nty, which is more than two thousand
than it ever contained before the
war,
except-
