1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1221
from which we derive three fourths of the for-
eign hides that come to this country, that we
have a very extensive American interest there,
that there are probably from three to five mil-
lion dollars of American capital invested in the
city of Buenos Ayres, and that that great city
is located on a harbor that is connected with
a river that leads up into the interior of South
America, opening new avenues of commerce
and newobjectsfortheinvestmentof American
capital, and where arebeingestablishedinterests
that require the grave protection and care of
the Government of the United States?
So, sir, with reference to Valparaiso, on the
Pacific. It is proposed to cutoff our represent-
ative to that country. This is all wrong. While,
upon the one hand, it may be said that our com-
merce—that is, our tonnage—is decreasing, yet
American commerce, I submit, is not decreas-
ing. The same amount of commerce which
existed before exists yet and is increasing, the
only difference being that it is carried on in
foreign bottoms and not in American bottoms ;
but there is no part of the world where we had
any foreign intercourse ten years ago where
we have it not now. On the contrary, our in-
tercourse with all parts of the globe is constantly
increasing and enlarging, and therefore it is
that we require those embassadors. We require
them, not only for the purpose of protecting
American capital there, not only for the pro-
tection of American commerce, but forthe pur-
pose of explaining the institutions of this coun-
try to the thousands and hundreds of thousands
and millions of the residents of these countries
who are looking to this great nation to find
homes, to find freedom, to find republican
safety, and to come here and become Americans
and help develop the greatness of this land.
I hope, therefore, that the proposition to strike
out these appropriations will not be adopted by
the committee.
Mr. PIKE. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew it for the purpose
of saying that I am very much surprised that
my colleague [Mr. "Williams] should have
made a proposition of this kind at this time.
The ideaof extending the influence of our coun-
try over this continent never possessed the peo-
ple more fully than it does at this time. We
are about to be called upon—we are called
upon—to make an appropriation of over seven
million dollars in gold for buying the coldest
and wettest point of the continent upon the
theory of extending American influence. If
we withdraw our ministers from these repub-
lics, made up of different races as they may
be, speaking different languages as the peo-
ple may do, but lying upon our borders, upon
our own continent, we leave them open to
the machinations of European influence ; and
I believe, sir, that an able minister, speak-
ing the language of the court, the church, and
the market-place of these countries, located at
Guatemala, could exercise in behalf of our
country in that whole region the power that
Great Britain has exercised and is exercising
in Turkey, through the influence of Sir Strat-
ford de Kedcliffc.
Ourcommerce, havingbeen paralyzed by war,
is again reviving with these countries. We had
lost entirely our export trade of cotton goods
into Mexico and these countries. Within the
last three months we have sent about thirty thou-
sand packages. The number we were sending
into these countries per annum before the war
was about seventy-five thousand packages. I
know the amendment does not embrace Mex-
ico, but the countries lying conterminous or
south of Mexico enter into that trade.
I would rather, sir, as has been suggested by
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] see our
ministers withdrawn from a number of Jiuio-
pean States than from any one of these neigh-
boring republics that should find moral sup-
port in our example, and should be influenced
by that example. I call them republics because
they so call themselves, and they will sooner
bccomc pure republics if American influence
is permitted to pervade them than if it is with-
drawn from them and they are surrendered to
the manipulations of ministers from the other
side of the water. I believe it is right by every
means in our power to promote the political
influence of this people and of this Government
in every part of Central and South America.
Sir, the natural course of international trade
is across degrees of latitude. These southerly
States produce an infinite number of commod-
ities that we need ; we manufacture an infinite
number of articles that they need. We now
make our exchanges with them through Lon-
don. Now, I want to maintain our national
influence through prompt direct exchanges be-
tween New York and the ports in those States,
and between San Francisco and the ports ot
such of them as lie upon the Pacific. I hope
that every one of these missions will be main-
tained. I believe in the Monroe doctrine, aud
that is the way to maintain it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CHANLER. I would support the
amendment originally introduced by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams] if
lie liad made it universal, or if he had provided
to withdraw our ministers from the courts of
those nations with whom we have real cause
of grievance, and had not based it upon a vague
attack upon republican Governments, while he
makes no assertion in behalf of a consular sys-
tem in England, France, and Germany, or those
countries against which we have at this moment
serious charges for delinquencies during the
late war aud for serious injuries done by them
to our commerce. I am astonished by the
silence of the gentleman on that subject.
Now, if we are to institute a new system of
diplomacy, it will require anew organization of
our Government. It cannot be brought in here
piecemeal by cutting off our communications
with the States in South America and Central
America. Nor can it he done by adding on
in piecemeal a remote kingdom like Greece,
while we are cutting off a republic like Vene-
zuela or Guatemala.
Now, one gentleman says he sees no use for
ministers to these South American States be-
cause our commercial relations with them are
very limited. I hold in my hands McCulloch's
Commercial Dictionary for 18GG, from which,
under the heading "Greece," showing the
total number of vessels entered at ports in
Greece in the foreign and coasting trade dur-
ing the year 1860 for the nations named in the
table:
Nationality. Number. iVo. of tons.
British  307
American  -S  
Austrian 612
Egyptian  7
French •&< n'iSi
Dutch  17 2,6i 
In 1860 the United States had two vessels in
all the ports of Greece. Yet, on the decks
of those two vessels the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] floats into this House
and calls for an appropriation for a minister to
Greece, while at the same time he turns around
and assails the American republics. Grecce
was once a republic; and it may be that the
glory of republican institutions which still
haunts the ruins of the Parthenon and of Ac-
ropolis nightly visits the distinguished gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and
this has produced this discrepancy in his esti-
mate of the importance of our commercial
relations with republics on the one side and
kingdoms on the other.
I do not oppose an appropriation for the
appointment of a minister to Greece. The in-
consistency of this assault, this one-handed,
broken-backed assault upon the republics of
South America, in order to excuse the inter-
polation of a new kingdom among the Powers
to which we are to send ministers, is not only
wrong but unreasonable.
With regard, however, to the general^ merit
of a reform of the system of diplomacy in this
country I have this to say: European diplo-
macy is based upon the idea that the royal
person is represented by a minister. We do
not recognize that principle in our Govern-
ment. The law of European diplomacy is
simply this: that whenever the king dies his
representative to any other Government ceases
to have any official existence until reappointed
by his successor. This is, therefore, it seems
to me, introducing in a republic a recognition
of a monarchical system.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Kelley to the amendment
offered by Mr. Williams, of Pennsylvania.
The amendment to the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. LOGAN. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. I desire to say that I have
prepared an amendment which I propose to
offer at the proper time. I think it will settle
the difficulty in reference to the appellation of
these men who are sent to the small republics,
inasmuch as my friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Williams] mentioned the fact of the
purchases we have been making recently, and
being as I am in favor of extending our area I
ask that the amendment I have proposed be
read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Insert the following:
That the Secretary of State shall be empowered to
appoint somo suitable person to become the agent
of the United States, under the advice and instruc-
tion of the Sfate Department, to at one© enter into
negotiations for the purchase of empires, kingdoms,
rebellions, wars, volcanoes, icebergs, snow and rain
storms, earthquakes, or submerged and undiscovered
islands; and that he be first instructed to negotiate
for the purchase of the kingdom of Great Britain.
In the event the said kingdom shall not be for sale,
he will negotiate for a war: Provided, Said war shall
not cost or exceed $15,000,000, and shall not last over
sixty days. Tho amount contracted to be paid by
said agent for any purchase made in pursuaneo
hereof shall be liquidated in the following manner,
to wit: Russian bears at ten dollars each, the pur-
chaser to tako them as they run; walruses at one
dollar each, purchaser to catch them at his own ex-
pense, (Sitka Indians to be thrown in without cost;)
icebergs at twenty-five cents per ton, purchaser to
break his own ice; rain storms one cent per barrel,
purchaser to furnish his own barrels; volcanoes at
fifty dollars each, with a stipulation that said volca-
noes shall not throw up the contract. Earthquake?
at ten dollars each, with a stipulation that they shall
not shake our confidence in tho State Department.
The title to all of which shall bo certified by the Sec-
retary of State.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I have
a statistical table which I desire to read, that
the House may know a little of the condition
of some of the countries named in my amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question of order, that the amendment of
my colleague [Mr. Logan] is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] as withdrawing his amendment. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logax] then re-
newed it, and had read for the information of
the committee another amendment. The pend-
ing amendment is that originally offered by
the gentleman from Maine; and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Williams,] as the
Chair understands, rises to oppose the amend-
ment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Chairman, gentlemen cannot be expected to be
familiar with the statistics of these countries,
and they will, I think, be a little surprised
when they hear what I am prepared to show
them. 1 submit the following table, exhibiting
the population and commerce of these Central
and South American States, the commerce be-
ing indicated by the imports, in which we are
most likely to be interested:
Population. Imports.
Venezuela  1,361,386 $6,996,000
New Granada  2,363,054 3,l5j,000
h>,Tndor     1 108,074 2,626,000
Bolivia  ."   1,957,352 1,359,000
r°" U     7,677.800 1 27,268,000
Kentinn Reuubiic   821,800 2,310,000
K'no Kopuonc...    11,394.000
pSSay  ::::: 7,337,431 1,113,000
S,   177,soo 4,586,000
uraguay   1,439,120 26,764,000
 ;  2,106,492 15,319,000
Guatemliar::  8 .0W 1,53000
Salvador   394,000 1,306,000
   350,000 762.000
NSS-u    300,«00 160,000
Cosfa Rica........"  125,000 1,000,000
