1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing this indefinite number of boys. I hope
when we come to vote on the other amendment
in the Senate the Senate and the committee
will adhere to what was the original design and
leave it as the House did, which would then be
in excess of what the complement was before
the war.
jVlr. GRIMES. I do not know exactly how
this question stands before the Senate, but I
believe it is on the amendment to limit the
number of boys and apprentices to twelve
hundred and fifty. I understand the Senate
has expressed its judgment on striking out the
word "excluding" and inserting "including,"
and decided that it will exclude the boys and
apprentices from the total number to be fixed
for the effective force of the Navy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was only in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Iowa
was not present the other day when the bill
was considered as far as it has been. The last
vote taken, as he will see,was upon the amend-
ment striking out the word "including" and
inserting the word "excluding;" and as I
commenced by saying, the suggestions I make
are applicable rather to that amendment than
to the one which we are now considering. If
the view which I now suggest, and which I
hope will prevail, shall prevail, the other
amendment of the committee will, of course,
be rejected in the Senate, so that the bill will
stand eighty-five hundred, including the ap-
prentices and boys; and then, if the Sen-
ator, understanding the subject thoroughly, as
he does, will propose the addition of some
words fixing the limits of apprentices and boys,
so that we shall understand of how many the
rank and file shall be, and to what extent the
boys and apprentices shall be added, the de-
sign of the House of Representatives will be
carried out.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I propose to
state to the Senate exactly how I understand
this case to stand, and then they can exercise
their judgment as to whether it is desirable that
the Navy should be cut down below the amount
that it stood at before the war, for I understand
that to be substantially the proposition. The
proposition to reduce it to that number came
from me, and everybody, I believe, with whom
I conversed thought I made that proposition in
a most extraordinary fit of economy and was
very much dissatisfied with the proposition;
but I confess that it is impossible for me to
keep pace with the Senator from New York in
matters of economy. The law at the beginning
of the war road as follows:
"And the Secretary of the Navy be, and is hereby,
authorized to enlist eighty-five hundred men for the
Navy inbtcad uf seventy-fivo hundred."
Mr. EDMUNDS. What law was that?
Mr. GRIMES. That was Ihc law of March
8, 18t"i7. He was authorized to enlist eighty-
five hundred men, not including boys. The
boys were authorized to be enlisted, so many
as might be necessary, under an act of Con-
gress passed in 1809, and we have been em-
ploying them ever since. There is no limit,
and never was, to the number of boys. The
Secretary was authorized tc and did enlist as
many as were necessary for doing chores and
assisting in conducting the discipline of the
ship.
It is true that up to the beginning of the war
we may not have had actually in the service
over seventy-six hundred men, just as in the
Army we had eighteen thousand men author-
ized by law, but we never, up to the beginning
of the war, had more than eleven thousand
actually in service. The reason for this leeway
of one thousand men in the Navy and of seven
thousand men in the Army is that a sudden
emergency may arise which will call for the en-
listment of an additional number in order to
meet the emergency. We have an example
before us now.
In the last three or four weeks the people of
Maine and Massachusetts have been down here
asking that two ships should be sent on to the
northeastern coast, in order to protcct the fish-
ermen from the imposition of some extraor-
dinary tonnage duty that the authorities of
the British Provinces have seen fit to impose
upon the fishermen. I do not know whether
those vessels have been sent or not; but sap-
pose the proposition of the Senator from New
York should be carried into effect, the result
would be that it, would be impossible for us to
send a man or a vessel in order to protect the
commercial interests of the New England
States on that coast. Emergencies of this kind
are occuring evurywhere and at all times.
Mr. CONKLING. Why would it be im-
possible?
Mr. GRIMES. Because the number of men
authorized to be enlisted would be full, and
you could not raise another man because you
would have your eighty-five hundred men, and
you would have them at all times. You have
reduced to-day, Mr. President, your squadrons,
one would suppose, to the lowest possible esti-
mate, and yet you have in the service twelve
thousand three hundred and ninety-five men
and boys. I have proposed to reduce this
number nearly four thousand men below what
it is now.
Then, again, it must be taken into consider-
ation that in 1857, when we fixed the number
of men in the Navy at eighty-five hundred, nearly
all our vessels were sailing vessels; we had
but ten steamers; to-day our vessels are all
steamers; and in addition to the ujen we were
obliged to have on our vessels then, wo must
have coal-heavers and firemen, and they make
a very respectable portion of the complement
of a ship.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator mean
that it requires more men to work a steamer
than a sailing ship?
Mr. GRIMES. The Senatorfrom Vermont
does pot seem to comprehend that, I will
explain it to him. Our vessels are instructed
tosailall the time except during a storm or
going in or out of port. They are not author-
ized to use coal generally, because coal is very
expensive ; and it makes better sailors and
better officers of those who are on board the
ship, of the ship's company, if they sail.
Therefore, in orderto do the sailing, they must
have their full complement of men to work
the gnns and to manage the sails and to pre-
serve the discipline of the ship; but an emer-
gency may arise when it is necessary for them
to use their steam^iowpr. One of the vessels
may be in a foreign port and receive a tele-
graphic dispatch to proceed immediately and
with the utmost celerity to another point. In
order to enable her to do that, she must have
an additional number of men who are coal-
heavers and firemen.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Cannot "landsmen"
and " ordinary seamen " shovel coal?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir, they cannot; at
least they say they cannot; and these firemen
instead of getting fourteen dollars a month, as
an ordinary seaman gets, got thiity dollars per
month.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was speaking of coal-
heavers.
Mr. GRIMES. Coal-heavers and firemen
both get additional pay. I have a bill before
the Senate proposing to increase the pay of a
landsman if he will perform the duty of a coal-
heaver in order to avoid additional expense;
but it has not yet c-ome under the consider-
ation of the Senate. But you are obliged to
have your coal-heavers and your first and sec-
ond class firemen. They are expensive men,
one class getting twenty-five dollars a month
and the other class thirty dollars.
Mr. EDM 1JNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him whether a first-class fireman
could not act as a landsman or ordinary sea-
man when they were under sail, and help to
trim?
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, really it
seems extraordinary that a Senator living as
near to the coast as does the Senator from Ver-
mont should ask a landsman like myself, living
in the interior of the continent, to give an opin-
ion on a point of that kind. I supposed every-
body knew that a coal-heaver ssnd a firetti&n
were not sailors. A / 'landsman" is. a man who
haS^ had some experience at sea-.
The ship's company are divided into classte.
A seaman is a man who has had at least ten
years' experience at sea; an ordinary-seaman
is a man who has had five years' experience "aft
sea; and a landsman is a man who has had
some experience at sea, but he is recruited as
a landsman, at fourteen dollars amonth. Yon
enlist a coal-heaver at twenty dollars a month.
You recruit him for a specific purpose. Yon
cannot say that that man shall perform other
duties than those he enlisted for unless you
pay him an additional compensation, or unless
you are assured that he is capable of perform-
ing those duties, which we know he is not.
Therefore it is, sir, that more men are re-
quired on a steam vessel to-day than used to
be required on a sailing vessel before the war.
Mr. Piesident, while I am up I want to say
a word upon the general subject. A member
of this body came to me the other day in very
great alarm, to repeat what he had heard in
regard to the extraordinary amount of ..vessels
that we had afloat and the extraordinary ex-
penses that were being incurred by the Navy
Department. Why, sir, we have presented here
almost every day a printed form of petition got
up by some, gentlemen—I do not know that I
ought to state who—in which it is alleged that
the number of vessels in commission to-day in
the Navy of the United States is one hundred
and three. To make out that one hundred
and three they have included coal barges;
they have included tenders; they have included
old hulks of vessels, out of which the engines
have been taken, and which are being used
merely for the dormitories of marines at our
stations; vessels that are not in commission at
all; they have included vessels that are sta-
tioned at New Orleans and elsewhere upon
which there is only a guard for the purpose of
protecting the public property. And this Sen-
ator told me that he had been informed that
there were thirteen vessels doing escort duty
to Admiial Parragut iiuUie Mediterranean sea.
Now, what are the facts? There are five
vessels in the Mediterranean squadron, or what
is now known as the European squadron. We
used to have a Mediterranean squadron and an
African squadron. Those two squadrons are
now united. We are required by treaty stipu-
lations with Great Britain, and perhaps with
some other Government, to keep up a squad-
ron on the African coast. We have four^es-
sels in that squadron now, including the whole
of Europe, the Mediterranean, the British wa-
ters, the northern seas, and the whole of the
African coast as far as the island of St. Paul
De Loando, without a single tender or a single
steam barge, or anything in the world that is
calculated to make additional expense. So it
is, Mr. President, with all of our squadrons.
It is proposed, I believe, to reduce one or two
of them one or two vessels, if we pass this bill,
and reducc the number of men authorized to
be employed from twelve thousand three hun-
dred and ninety-five, which they now have,
down to eighty-five hundred.
We now have in service twenty-seven hundred
and eighty seamen, twenty-four hundred and
eighty-two ordinary seamen, thirty-nine hun-
dred and sixty-six landsmen, four hundred and
forty-four boys, and nine hundred and ninety-
six apprentices. The number of boys which
the Secretary was authorized to enlist before
'ho war corresponded, I suppose, from what I
learn, (for T have not been able to find exactly
the number,) with the number of men that were
then employed. The naval apprentices, amount-
ing now to nine hundred and ninety-six, we did
not have before the war. That is a system
which has grown up during the war-—established
by Congress three or four years ago. It was
discovered both in the commercial marine and
in the naval marine that the number of sailors
was gradually diminishing and that it wks
almost impossible to secure the service of men
who were fit to perform duty on man-of-wars-
men. It was therefore thought advisable to
