188
SUPPLEMENT TO
ment was under the act of 1792. These are the
only three in all this list that recite the act
under which they are made. All the others
are temporary, are in cases of death or tem-
porary absences from the seat of Government
coming within the exact terms of the law of
1792 or 1795.
I have stated what these cases are. Now,
the simple question is—I am not going to argue
it—will the Senate permit, a series of acts, doue
under the law, and exactly in conformity with
the law of 1792 and 1795, reciting, where they
recited any law, the act of 1792, to be intro-
duced as evidence upon the trial of a case for
an act which is in violation of the act of March
2, 1807, and in violation of the act of February
20, 1863. Does it throw any light—that is to
say, is there such a practice of the Government
shown by this as throws any light upon the
question now in hearing? It goes to the coun-
try, it goes to the Senate, that here are a large
lot of appointments. True; but these appoint-
ments are in conformity with the law, reciting
the law when they recite any law at all, and
always reeiling the exact circumstances to
which the law applies. Now, are these to go
in for the purpose of justifying what is admit-
ted in the answer to be a breach of the law, if
the law is constitutional ?
Mr. CURTIS. I do not wish to reply, Mr.
Chief Justice. I take it for granted that the
Senate will not settle any question as to the
merits of this case under the acts of Congress
when we are putting in evidence.
The CHI Kb" JUS HCE.^ The Chief Justicc
thinks that the evidence is admissible within
the decisions already made. Of the value
of it, when admitted, the Senate will judge.
If any Senator desires the question to be put
to the Senate the Chief Justice will be happy
to put it. [After a pause.] The evidence is
admitted.
Mr. CUR,ITS. We do not desire to have
these documents read. They are very volum-
inous and will take time, and it is quite unne-
cessary to read them, wo think, or have them
read.
The documents thus offered in evidence are
attested by the Secretary of State in the usual
form to be copied from the records of his
Department, and contain the letters of author-
ity, designation, or appointment in the follow-
ing eases:
On the 23d of November, 1819, Christopher
Yanderventer, chief clerk of (he War Depart-
ment, was authorized by President Monroe,
under the act of May 8, 1792, to perform the
duties of Secretary of War during the illness
of John C. Calhoun, Secretary for that De-
partment.
On the 7th of March, 1825, President J. Q.
Adams appointed Samuel Ij. Southard, Secre-
tary of the Navy, to perform the duties of
Secretary of War, that office having become
vacant, until the vacancy should be tilled.
On the 26th of January, 182'.), President J.
Q. Adams appointed Samuel L. Southaid,
Seeretaiy of the Navy, under the authority
conferred by the, act of May 8, 1792, to per-
form the duties of Secretary of the Treasury
until a successor should be appointed to Richard
Rush, Secretary of the Treasury, he being un-
able to perform his duties by severe illness, or
until the inability should cease.
On the 1th of March, 1829, President Jack-
son appointed James A. Hamilton to take
charge of the Department of State until Gov-
ernor Van Burcn should arrive in the city.
On the 24th of April. 1829, President Jack-
son appointed Asbury Diekins Secretary of
the Treasury until the return of Mr. Ingham
to the city.
On the 7th of July, 1829, President Jackson
appointed William B. Lewis acting Secretary
of U ar during the absence of the Secretary.
On the 8th of July, 1829, President Jackson
appointed^ Richard H. Bradford to take charge
of the Navy Department and perform the
duties thereof in the absence of the Secretary
of the Navy.
On the 19th of August, 1829, President
Jackson appointed William B. Lewis Acting
Secretary of War during the absence of the
Secretary of War.
On the 7th of November, 1829, President
Jackson appointed J. G. Randolph to perform
the duties of Secretary of War until the return of
the Secretary, John H. Baton, he being absent.
On the 12th of June, 1830, President Jack-
son authorized Philip G. Randolph to act as
Secretary of War while John H. Eaton, the
Secretary, should be absent.
On the 8th of March, 1831, President Jack-
son authorized Philip G. Randolph to act as
Secretary of War during the confinement of
the Secretary by sickness.
On the 19th of March, 1831, President Jack-
son authorized John Boyle, chief clerk of the
Navy Department, to act as Secretary of the
Navy during the necessary absence of Mr.
Branch, the Secretary, from the duties of the
Department.
On the 12th of May, 1831, President Jack-
son authorized John Boyle to take charge of
the office of Secretary of the Navy and perform
its duties until a successor to Mr. John Branch,
the Secretary, who had notified the President
that lie should leave the city " this day," could
be appointed, and arrive and take charge of
the ollice.
On the Kith of June, 1831, President Jackson
authorized John Boyle, chief clerk of the Navy
Department, to act as Secretary of the Navy
during the absence from the seat of Govern-
ment of Levi Woodbury, the Secretary.
On the 18th of June, 1831, President Jack-
son authorized Philip G. Randolph, chief
clerk in the War Ollice, to discharge the duties
of that office until a successor to Major Eaton
should be appointed.
On the 21st of June, 1831, President Jack-
son appointed Asbury Dickms, chief clerk
of the Treasury Department, to perform the
duties required by law of the Secretary of the
Treasury until the arrival of Mr. McLane, ap-
pointed successor to Mr. Ingham.
On the 20th of July, 1831, President Jack-
son appointed Roger B. Taney, Attorney
General, to take charge of the Department, of
War ''on the 21st, instant, and execute the
duties thereof until the arrival of Governor
Cass."
On the 10th of August,, 1831, President Jack-
son authorized John Boyle, chief clerk of the
Navy Department,, to act as Secretary of the
Navy in the absence of the Secretary, Levi
Woodbury, from the seat of Government.
On the lUth of August, 1831, President Jack-
son appointed Daniel Brent, chief clerk of the
Department of State, to act as Secretary of
State during the absence of the Secretary from
the scat of Government.
On the 12th of September, 1831, President
Jackson authorized Roger 13. Taney, Attorney
Geneial, to act as Secretary of War during the
absence from the seat of Government of Gov-
ernor Cass.
On the 13th of September, 1831, President
Jackson appointed Louis McLane, Secretary
of the Treasury, to take charge of the War De-
partment during the absence of Governor Cass,
Secretary, and Roger B. Taney, acting Secre-
tary.
On the 18th ofOctober, 1831, President Jack-
son authorized Asbury Diekins, chief clerk of
the Treasury Department, to perform the duties
of Secretary of theTreasury during the absence
of the Secretary.
On the 18th of October, 1831, President
Jackson authorized Levi Woodbury, Secretary
of the Navy, to take charge of the Department
of War and perform the duties of Secretary of
War during the absence of the Secretary of
War.
On the 17th of March, 1832, President Jack-
son authorized Asbury Diekins, chief clerk of
the Treasury Department, to take charge of
that Department and perform the duties of
Secretary of the Treasury during the indispo-
sition of Mr. McLane.
On the 8th of June, 1832, President Jackson
authorized Johu Robb, chief clerk of the War
Department, to perform the duties of Secre-
tary of War during the absence of the Secre-
tary.
On the 16th of July, 1832, President Jackson
appointed John Robb, chief clerk of the War
Department, to act as Secretary of War daring
the absence of the Secretary.
On the 21st of July, 1833, President Jackson
appointed Daniel Brent, chief clerk of the De-
partment of State, to exercise the duties aud
perform the functions of Secretary of State
"in the event of the absence from the seat of
Government of the Secretary during the pres-
ent summer or approaching autumn, and dur-
ing the continuance of such absence."
On the 23d of July, 1832, President Jackson
appointed John Boyle to discharge the duties
of Secretary of the Navy "in the absence of
the Secretary at any time between this date
and the 1st of October next."
On the 18th of July, 1833, President Jackson
authorized Asbury Diekins, chief clerk of tlie
Treasury Department, to perform the duties
of Secretary of the Treasury in case of the
absence from the seat of Government or sick-
ness of the Secretary.
On the 8th of November, 1832, President
Jackson authorized Asbury Diekins, chief
clerk of the Treasury Department, during the
absence of the Secretary of the Treasury, to
perform the duties of that office.
On the 12th of November, 1832, President
Jackson authorized John Robb, chief clerk
of the War Department, to act as Secretary
of War during the absence of the Secretary.
On the Gth of May, 1833, President Jackson
appointed Asbury Diekins, chief clerk of the
Treasury Department, to perform the duties
of Secretary of the Treasury in the absence
of that officer from the seat of Government.
On the Ctli of May, 1833, President Jackson
appointed John Robb acting Secretary of War
during the absence of the Secretary.
On the 13th of May, 1833, President Jack-
son authorized Louis McLane, Secretary of
the Treasury, to perform the duties and func-
tions of Secretary of State during the absence
of Edward Livingston from the seat of Gov-
ernment.
Ou the 29th of May, 1833, President Jack-
son authorized Asbury Diekins, chief clerk
of the Treasury Department, to perform the
duties of Secretary of the Treasury for and
during the absence of that officer from the seat
of Government.
Oil the 5th of June, 1833, President Jackson
authorized Daniel Brent, chief clerk in the
Department of State, to act as Secretary of
State during the absence of the Secretary from
the seat of Government.
On the Gth of June, 1833, President Jackson
appointed John Robb to be acting Secretary
of War during the absence of the Secretary.
On the 5th of June, 1833, President Jackson
appointed John Boyle to be acting Secretary
of the Navy " during the absence at any time
within the present year of the honorable Levi
Woodbury."
On the 13th of June, 1833, President Jackson
appointed Daniel Brent to perform the duties
of Secretary of State if the Secretary should
'• be at any time indisposed or absent from the
seat of Government."
On the 10th of August, 1833, President Jack-
son authorized Asbury Diekins, " should the
Secretary of State be sick or absent from the
seat of Government before my return to W ash-
ington," to perform the duties during such
sickness or absence.
On the 28th of September, 1833, President
Jackson appointed John Robb acting Secre-
tary of War in the absence of the Secretary.
On the 11th of November, 1833, President
Jackson authorized Asbury Diekins, chief clerk
of the Department of State, to perform the
duties of Secretary of State during the absence
of the Secretary from the seat of Government.
On the 25th of June, 1834, President Jack-
