4294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
section of the act of June 25? 1868, is as fol-
lows:
Thateach of the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida,
shall be entitled and admitted to representation in
Congress as States ot the Union, when the Legisla-
tures of said States shall havo duly ratified the
amendment to the Constitution of the United States
proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress and known
as article fourteen," &c.
This statute being of iater date than the one
the gentleman holds in his hand I suppose the
gentleman is aware of the well-known princi-
ple of law, that if there is any conflict in the
two the one I hold 111 my hand prevails.
Mr. BROOKS. The point to which I wish
to call the attention of the House is that under
the act from which the gentleman has just read
no election whatsoever has taken place in Ala-
bama. No members of Congress have been
voted for under that act. The only act under
which they have been voted for is the act of
March 23, 1867.
Now, Iputit to this House; and I put it to the
country—I like to have said I put it to the
common sense of this House, but that would
be of no use—I put it to the party generosity
oi the majority of this House to say if, under
the act of March 23, prescribing a certain
course for election, a large majority of the
people of Alabama refused or declined to vote
ior members of Congress, as permitted and
authorized by this act, to such an extent that
only one party voted, and that the negro party
of the State, so that almost every white voter
in the State abstained from the polls. I put it
to the party generosity of this House ; ay, I put
it to the white men of this House, men of our
race and color ; ay, if the galleries were filled
with negroes, I would leave it even to the ne-
groes who so often surround us, if, when the
white people of the State are thus deluded into
the belief that no members of Congress were
to be chosen but as the constitution was rati-
fied, it is right, just, and honorable now to
avail yourselves of a subsequent act of Con-
gress, silent on the subject of electing mem-
bers of Congress, and to take in these mem-
bers thus declared to be previously elected.
Sir, there is honor even in a primary meeting
in the midst of party machinery ; but there is
no act more dishonorable than that. No great-
er fraud can possibly be perpetrated than by
declaring members of Congress elected when
they are chosen only by one party, this Con-
gress having authorized the other party to ab-
stain from voting at that election.
Sir, you have an ample majority in this
House, and you have increased it laigcly in a
few days past by numerous lleprescnlatives, or
so-called Representatives, from that section of
the country. AY ill you now avail yourselves
of a mere technicality? No, not a technicality,
for the last act of Congress in July does not
say that members of.Congress are elected ; the
phraseology, the declaration of the act is that
Alabama shall be entitled to representation
and shall be admitted to representation. I do
not deny the effector force of this act as under-
stood by the majority of this House. I admit
that under this act Alabama is entitled to
admission and representation here. But 1 deny
that members of Congress, or so-called mem-
bers ol Congress, were voted for under this act,
or any other act whatsoever. No Representa-
tive from that State is entitled now to a seat
on this floor. They can only be admitted here
by this immense majority.
Sir, with this ample vote that you have, with
the means of controlling two thirds or three
fourths of this House at the present time, Tvhy
not go back to the people of Alabama? Why
not make an appeal to the colored voters of
that State as well as to the white voters there
to give them a fair and honorable representa-
tion? Why this insidious—I would use a
stronger adjective if it were parliamentary upon
the floor of this House—why this insidious,
why this tortuous, reckless, labyrinthine way
of bringing members upon the floor of this
House, when by a tyrannical act you have
authority to do it in a much more honorable
and far more lofty way? Sir, it would not be
proper for me_to pronounce this a sneaking
mode of electing members of Congress from
Alabama, therefore 1 use no such word. But
I do say it is an outrage upon the white people
of Alabama. Tt is an outrage upon the whole
white race of this country to force in here
members of Congress from Alabama elected
only by the negroes of that State when the
white people by fraud, and by fraud alone, were
kept from voting on the day of the election.
Sir, I call for the yeas and nays to make a
record in a case like this.
^ Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York has got off his accustomed speech upon
occasions of this kind. I suppose no one
doubted what it would be when he obtained
the floor. Nobody is more alive to the interest
of representation of States upon this floor than
the gentleman from New York. I am aston-
ished to find him now struggling to keep out
upon all occasions representation from the
late rebellious States. 1 remember that at the
commencement of the last Congress, and of
this also, the gentleman took the first opportu-
nity to obtain the floor and to pronounce Con-
gress unconstitutional without representation
from these States. And yet he has failed of
no opportunity to thwart as well as was in his
power and to throw obstacles in the way of
every movement that lias been made toward
securing that representation upon this floor.
He, talks of insidious and devious ways to
secure representation upon this floor. No man
upon this floor on that side of the House,
much less the gentleman from New York, who
now brings this charge against this side of the
House, has lifted his finger from the time the
men who represented those States upon this
floor turned their backs upon the flag of their
country and_ walked out of that door. No man
upon that side of the House, and least of all
the gentleman from New York, has lifted his
finger to secure peaceful representation upon
this floor from one of those States. And now,
when gentlemen come here with credentials
such as the gentleman from New York brought
here, and they are referred to the Committee
of Elections, and no tittle of evidence appears
but, what they are just as good a title as that
which the gentleman from New York brought
here, he rises at the last moment to make one
more final struggle against the representation
of these States upon this floor. Sir, it is for
the gentleman and not for this side of the
House to reconcile this twisting and devious
way which he has chosen to pursue while
preaching representation practical)y deny ing it.
Sir, there is one other thing which is quite
as consistent and quite as admirable in the
gentleman from New York, this constant anx-
iety of his about the negro, an anxiety which
troubles him by day and disturbs his sleep by
nightlestby some chance the poor negro may get
some advantage of him in the race of life" it
gives him no peace as he comes in and goes
out to his daily woj-k and daily toil lest some
poor mail from that downtrodden race may, in
the free race of life., got the start of him. Sir,
1 need not say to the House that 1 have no
sympathy with such anxiety on the part of the
gentleman from New York. If he feels it
necessary that by some constitutional enact-
ment or by some act of Congress weights or
clogs or bars should be put upon tho negro lest
ho get the upper hand of him in a fair race for
the emoluments, for the comforts, and for the
honors even of this life, why let him advocate
that which he feels it necessary on his part to
establish lest that dire result may follow? But
ij for my part and the part of those with whom
! f am associated on this side of the House, they
I have no such apprehension. They have no
apprehension that this poor downtrodden race,
if they havo every opportunity and every path
left open to them, will get any undue advan-
tage of the white race. 1 have abetter opinion
of the race to which I belong than the gentle-
man from New York seems to have. I feel no
necessity pressing upon me as one of the white
race in this country to seek constitutional inhi-
bitions upon any other race that God has
planted upon the soil of this or any other
country. Let all have a fair chance and he
who ean succeed let hiia enjoy the benefit of it.
I now call the previous question.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for five minutes?
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield.
Mr. BECK. I desire to have one of the
certificates read, with its date.
Mr. DAWES. They are all at the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will not retire
under that demagogical speech he has just
made.
The SPEAKER. That language is not in
order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why not? It is a com-
pliment to his speech.
Mr. DAWES. Let one of the certificates
be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
State op Alabama, City and county of Montgomery, 88-
I, E. W. Peck, president of the constitutional con-
vention of the said State of Alabama, assembled at
J lie capitol, in the said city of Montgomery, on
Tuesday, the 5th day of November, in the yearol' our
Lord,. 1867, do hereby certify that at an election,
lield in the several counties of said State, on the
yth, 0th, Oth, <th, and 8th days of J?cbruary, in the
year 1808, lor the election of State and county o Hi-
rers, 1' rancis v\ . Kcllogsy, was elected lieprcsentativc
to Congress from the first congressional district, State
ot Alabama.
In testimony whereof, I do hereto set my name at
Montgomery, the 22dday of February, in the year
last aforesaid. E. "vy. PECK,
President of said Convention.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yield to me for a mo-
ment, not to make a speech ?
^r- DAWES. 1 cannot; the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] occupied much
more time than i did.
Mr. ELDIilDGE. I do not suppose the
gentleman from Massachusetts considers the
iSew York man half his match, though I do
fully.
_ The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question; and being taken, there were
upon a division—ayes 90, noes 22.
So the previous.question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
a lie SPEAKER. The question is upon
agreeing to the report of the Committee of
Jiieetiotis. Upon this question the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] has called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were then ordered,
ihe question was then taken : 'and it was
decided 111 the affirmative—yeas 125, navs 38,
nut voting 02 5 as follows;
\I-h1 rS' fUUson,vA™<;s, Anderson, Arnell,
tt it James At. Ashley, .Bailey, Banks
r mi J'if>Ci-t0n Blackburn, Blair, Boiee*
ol I p""?0"1. ^.°>'den. Bromwell, BroomaJl,
Benjamin 1>. Butler, Churchill, Header W.
U.irho, bidney Cinrke, Cobb. Cobum, Cook,Covode
:1W Bockcry,
uV>wi. ur J-LUiU1IVV1'. iiawKins. lieaton, U gbv Hill
hurVj h °?1>cri Chester DAtubbimi, ttut
iw t f i ' Ingeraoil, Jenekcs, Judrt, Kelley Kel-
■cnei Y/mtZ' hlh?-.¥sh'  iUiamy'W-
jcnct, .ui.icoln, ijo<*an,
^ JJowCToy. Baum. ltobcVklhn^4w%ir1^eucb''
Van Wvelt' Vid-il urt ^an Jlorn,
V«iY  'iv * lv- ' f-'^^reueo inmble,'
Kyterw®1!,"11 Woodward—33.
Bmiuin iv\ Messrs. Baker, Baldwin, Barnes,
II BiuhV(< I InBlaine, Uurr, Roderick
ncv Gr Uvntrt lV >an ir Kla, fm-
bard r'n l -Harding, Asaliol \Y. Hub-
H li'n« 1 D. Hnbbard, Humphrey, Alexander
H.Jones, Juhau.lutcUea.Ueoi'isoV. Lawrence. .Loan,
