3270
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
and Europe or between the United States and Asia,
shall, during the time tbey are entitled to receivc the
foiegomg allowance, he put 011 allowance in'meat,
bread, or water that is short in quantity or bad in
quaiity, the master, owner, or owners of such vessel
shall pay one dollar to every passenger for everyday
and for each particular of bread, water, and meat,
in respect to which he shall be put on such allow-
ance, and one half a dollar to every passenger for
every day and tor every other particular of such
weekly allowance, in respeet to which ho shall havo
been put upon an allowance? which is short in quan-
tity or bad in quality, unless it shall bo proved that
at the time of leaving- the last port from which the
vessel set out upon her voyage she had on board, for
the uso of the passengers, well secured under deck, a
quantity of provisions and water sufficient, accord-
ing to the allowance herein prescribed, for the voy-
age. If the owner, agent, or master of any such
vessel shall willfully fail to furnish and distribute
such provisions, cooked as atoresaid, he or they shall,
upon conviction thereof before any circuit court or
district court of the United States, be fined not more
than $1,000, and shall be imprisoned for a term not
exceeding one year; but the enforcement of this
penaltv, or any of the penalties prescribed by this
act, shall not affect the civil responsibility of the
owner, agent, or master, to such passengers as may
have suffered from any violation thereof.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the messes
into which the passengers in any vessel may be di-
vided shall notconsistof more than ten statute adults
in each mess, and members of the same family,
whereof one at least is a male adult, shall be allowed
to lorin a separate mess. The provisions, according
to the section, shall be issued, such ol them as require
to be cooked, in a properly cooked state, daily, befor-e
two o'clock in the afternoon, to the head person, for
the time being, of each mess, on behalf and for the
use of the members thereof. The first of such issues
shall be made bclore two o'clock in W10 afternoon of
the day of embaikation to or lor such passengeis as
shall be then 011 board. And the parents or guard-
ians of sick or nursing infants shall be allowed free
access to the camboose or cooking range, at anytime
before twelve o'clock noon.or after two o'clock after-
noon, and permitted there to prepare food lor such
sick or nursing infants. In case of non-compliance
with any of the requirementsoi' this section, the mas-
ter, owner, orowners of theshipshall, for each offense,
bo liable to a penally not exceeding &500.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the master ot
every vessel shall maintain good discipline and such
habits of cleanliness among the passengers as will
tend to the preservation and promotion tohoalth;
and to that end he shall, before sailing, cause suit-
able printed regulations in the English, French, and
German languages, for this purpose, to be posted
conspicuously in each compartment, and shall keep
the same oO posted during the voyage; and shall
cause the compartments occupied bysuch passengers
to be kept at all times in a clean, healthy state; and
the owner or owners oi'cveiysuch vessel areiequired
to construct the decks and all parts of said compart-
ments so that they ean bo thoroughly cleansed; and
they shall also provide two sale, convenient privies
or water-closets in suitable parts of tho vessel lor the
exclusive use of the passengers, and each class of
compartments in thepioportionof oneprivy or water-
closet to every fifty passengers, and such privies or
water-closets shall not be taken down until the expi-
ration of forty-eiftht hours after the arrival of the
vessel at the port of final discharge, unless all the
p<ifsengeio sooner quit the vessel; and tho passengers
shall bo entitled to remain on board the vessel t/ll the
expiration of such tune, and be provided for and
maintained in the same maimer as duung the voy-
age. And the ma>ter of every such vessel shall per-
mit and require the passengers to bring their beds
and bedding to the upper deck at least three times a
week, m fine weather, lor tho purpose ot airing the
same; and the passen^- ersshall likewise be permitted
to frequently exercise 011 the uppci deck. And the
owner, agent, or master of every vessel shall provide,
for disinfecting purposes, a supply of carbolic or
cresylic acid, and cause the same to be u?ed, in proper
quantity and in a proper manner, on the deck occu-
pied by the passengers, and also in the hold, forecas-
tle. and bilges ot the vessel as the physician, or tho
master, if there be no physician, may deem necessaiy.
For every violation ot the provisions of this section
the owner, agent, or master shall incur apenalty not
exceeding &o00 nor less than &200.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the owner,
agent, or mastei of every vessel carrying onohundrcd
persons, including the officers, crew, and passengers,
and ot every vessel of the United States bound.on a
sea voyage of a thousand miles or more, and cuuymg
one hundred persons, shall provide throughout the
voyage a duly qualified physician, whoso competency
in the case of a domestic vessel shall be determined
under such rules and regulations as tho Secretary of
the Treasury may prescribe. But an alien employed
in a foreign vessel, who, by the Jaws of the country
to which the vessel belongs in which he is employed,
is authorized to practice, shall be deemed duly qual-
ified; and eveiy such vessel employed as aforesaid
shall be provided, lor the uso of the passengers, ofh-
ceis, and crew, with a supply of medicines, medical
comforts, surgical instruments, and other things
proper and nece>sary for diseases and accidents inci-
dent to sea voyages, and tor the medical treatment
of the pasaongers during the voyage, including ear-
bolic or cresylic iicid foi disinfecting purposes, with
written or printed directions for the use ot the same,
respectively, good in quality and sufficient in quan
tity for the probable exigencies of the voyage, and
propeiW packed and placed under the charge of the
physician, when theio is one 011 board, to be used
under his direction; and in the case of vessels of tho
United Statee bound from a port of the United States,
the owner, agent, or master shall have such medi-
cines, medical comforts, instruments, disinfecting
agents, and other things put up by an apothecary or
apothecaries designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury, on the recommendation of the collector,
or other chief officer of the customs of the port, sub-
ject to such lules and regulations as the Secretary
of. the Treasury may prescribe. For any violation
of the provisions ol this section the owner, agont, or
master shall incur apenalty not exceeding SI,000, nor
less than $500; and any apothecary who shall supply
medicines, medical comforts, instruments, disinfect-
ing agents, or other things, in an adulterated con-
dition, or of infeiior quality, shall he deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall
incur a like penalty; and no such vessel shall be al-
lowed to clear from any port of the United States
unless provided as in this section required.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the owner
of every vessel of tho United States carrying pas-
sengers, and bound on a sea voyage of five hundred
miles or upward, shall provide tor the use of the pas-
sengers, officers, and crew, medicines, medical com-
forts, and other things, with tho directions for the
use of the same, and put up as required in tho pre-
ceding section in the case of vessels of the United
States. And for eveiy violation of this section the
owner, agent, or master shall incur a penalty not
exceeding $500 nor less shan $100.
Sec. 1i2. And be it further enacted. That every mas-
ter or other oflicor, seaman, or other person employed
on board a vessel, who shall, daring the voyage,
under promise of marriage, or by threats, or by the
exe^iiso of his authority, or by solicitation, or the
making of gifts or prcserits, seduce and have illicit
connection with any female passenger, shall be
deemed guilty of a crime, and upon conviction shall
be punished by imprisonment for a term not exceed-
ing twelvemonths, nor less than threo months, or by
a line not exceeding $1,000, or both, and the court
sentencing the person so oonvicted may, m its dis-
cretion, by an order to be entered on its minutes,
direct the amount of fine, when collected, to bo paid
lor the use or benefit ot tho female seduced, or her
child or children, if any: Provided, That tho subse-
quent intermarriage of the parties seducing and se-
duced may bo pleaded in bar of a conviction.
Skc. 23. And be it further enacted, That no officer
or seaman, nor other person employed 011 board of
any such vessel, shall visit or frequent any part of
the vessel assigned to passengers, except by the direc-
tion-or permission of the master of the vessel; and
every officer, seaman, or other person, who shall vio-
late the provisions of this section, shall be doomed
guilty of a, misdemeanor, and, on couviction thereof,
shall forfeit to the said vessel his wag<>s for the voy-
age of the said vessel during which tho said offense
has been committed, and shall be imprisoned lor a
term of not less than three months, nor more than
twelvemonths. Auy master who shall direct 01 per-
mit any officer or seaman or other person employed
on board of such vessel, to visit or frequent any pai t
of said vessel assigned to passengers, except for the
purpose of doing or performing some necessary act
or duty as an officer, seaman, or person employed as
aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a
fine of &50U for each occasion 011 which he shall so
director permit the provisions of this section to be
violated by any such officer, seaman, or other person
employed 011 boaid of such ship or vessel.
Skc. 14. And be it further enacted. That tho owner,
agent, or master of every vessel shall provide one
stewardess tor every fifty female passengers on board,
which stewardess shall be a married woman of good
character, and the wife of an employe of the vessel;
and one steward for every fifty male passengers on
board. And it shall be the duty of the stewardess or
stewardesses, andsteward orste wards,under thed lrec-
tion ot the physician.it there bo one, and master or
chief mate, to preserve proper order, decorum, and
clcanlmessin the female and male compartments re-
spectively, and shall assist the physician in taking
proper care of the si ok, and generally superintend the
police of the passenger decks, and such steward or
stewards shall not be required to assist in navigating
orworking the vessel; and such stewards and stew-
ardesses shall be regularly appointed employes of
such vessel, and shall not bcsclectedfrom among the
passengers 011 such vessel; and every such vessel so
employed shall have on board a sea-faring man for
every one hundred passengers, who shall be employed
m cooking the food ol the passengers; and said cook
shall likewise beexemptfrom thoduty of assisting in
navigating or working the vessel. For a violation of
any of tho provisions of this section the master,
owner, or owners shall incur a penalty of not less than
$100, nor more than ^500.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That the provis-
ions of the act of August 30,1852, and the acts amend-
atory thereof, so far as they relate to boats and life-
preservers on board passenger steamers, shall, hom
and after the time this act takes effect, apply with
equal force and impose like penalties ior their viola-
tion in the case of sailing passenger vessels belonging
in whole or in part to a citizen or citizens ot the
I United States.
Skc. 10. And be it further enacted, That the owner,
agent, or master of any vessel carrying passengers to
or from the United Statesshall notcarrv as cargo
horses, cattle, gunpowdei, bituminous coal, naphtha,
benzine, petroleum, nitro-glycerine, lucifer matches,
nor any other explosive article or articles which ignite
by friction, guano or green hides, nor any other arti-
cle, cither as cargo, as aforesaid, or us ballast, which
by reason of the nature, quantity, or mode of stow-
age thereof, will be likely to endanger the health,
!j coinfoi t, 01 safety of the pussongeis; and the owner,
II agent, 01* master, who shall violate any of the pro-
visions of this section shall, for each o ffensa, on ccm
I viction thereof, incur a penalty of not less thanfcl.ww
nor more than $10,000, and, at the discretion ot the
court, be imprisoned for a term not exceeding one
year nor less than'one month.
Sec. 17. And be further enacted, That the master
«f any vessel arriving in the United States or any of
the Territories thereof, from any foreign
over, at the time that he delivers u,
cargo, and if there be no cargo, then at; the
makingroportor entry of the vessel, pu suant to law,
shall also deliver and report to the coUeotor ot the
district in which such vessel shall airire, a list or
manifest of all the jjasseagcrs taken on
said vessel at any foreign port or place; in ^ichh^
or manifest it shall be the duty ot the said master to
designate particularly the age, sex, and occupation
♦f the said passengers respectively, the <compartment
of the vessel occupied by eachdurine the voyage, ithe
country to which they severally belong, and that ot
which it is thoir intention to become inhabitants,
and shall further set forth whether any and what
number have died on the voyage.; which list or man
ifest shall be sworn tobythe said master,in thesame
manner as directed by law m relation to the mam-
test of the cargo; and the refusal or neglect oi the
master aforesaid to comply with the ^provisions ot
thisseotion, or any part thereof, shall incur the same
penalties,disabilities, and forfeitures as are provided
for a refusal or neglect to report and deliver a mani-
fest of the cargo afoiesaid. ,
Skc. IS. And be it further enacted, lhat no sucn
vessel shall takeon board at any foreign port or place
passengers with the intent to bring such passengers
to the United States, unless the list or manifest
required by the provisions of section twenty of this
act shall have been duly examined, verified, and
certified to by the United States consular officer at
such port or place. And such consular officer shall
use his utmost diligence Jo ascertain and discover
whether such passengers come from any port, place,
or district where, at the time of his or her leaving
such port, place, or district, any infectious, conta-
gious, or other disease, shall have been raging in an
epidemic form; and if he shall find that no such dis-
ease was so raging, as aforesaid, he shall duly eertify
to such list or manifest; otherwise he shall with-
hold the same, and shall not make such certificate.
In such consular certificate he shall fully set forth,
in such form as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe, that he has faithfully performed the duties
required of him by the provisions of this section,
and shall transmit, monthly, to the Secretary of the
Treasury, a certified copy of each listor manifest made
and certified as aforesaid. And if any vessel shall
bring any passengers within the jurisdiction of the
United States, in violation of the provisions of this
section, the owner, agent, or master of such vessel,
upon conviction thereof, shall incur a penalty of
not less than $1,000 nor more than $10,000, and shall
be liable to imprisonment for a term of not more
than one year nor less than three months, at the
discretion of the court. And any consular officer of
the United States whoshall fail to perform the duties
imposed upon him by the provisions of this section
shall, upon conviction thereof, incur a penalty of
not less than $1,000.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted. That in case there
shall have occurred on board any vessel arriving at
any poit or place within the United States or itsl'er-
ritoms, any death among the passengers, (other
than cabin passengers,) the master, or owner of such
vessel shall, within twenty-tour hours after the time
wirhin which the report and list or manliest of pas-
sengers is required to be delivered to the collector
of tho customs, pay to the *aid collector the sum of
leu dollar* for each passenger above the age ol five
years who shall have died on the voyage by natural
disease; and the said collector shall pay the money
thus received, at such times and in such munuer as
the Secretary of the Treasury, by general rules, shall
direct, to any board or commission appointed bvand
acting under the authority of the State within which
the port where such vessel arrived is situated, for the
care and protection of sick, indigent, or destitute
emigrants, to be applied to the objects of their ap-
pointment; and if there be more than one board or
commission who shall claim such payment, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall determine which is enti-
tled to receive the same, and his decision in the
premises shallbefinal and without appeal: Provided,
inat the payment shall in no case be awarded or
made to any board or commission or association
formed for the protection or advancement of any
particular class of immigrants, or immigrants of any
particular nation or creed; and if the master, owner,
oi consignee of any vessel refuse or neglect to pay to
H1?!0*0 .uC x1' sum sums of money required
within the time prescribed by this section, he shall
So"'u nd .thc of my dollars, in addition
wifft iU1^u *vten dollars, for each passenger upon
whose death the same has become payable, to be
J,f£tVCre'\ y^l.Ve ^-Tnr^ed States in any circuit or dis-
court of the United States where such vessel
... ~  *■  uiviuu ci i,-< duectcl
with respect to the sum and sums required to be paid
to the collector of customs.
And he it further enacted, That the collector
of the customs at any port of the United State" at
which any vessel shall arrive, or from which wv
vessel shall be about to depart, shall examine such
rt?;as!rL?:nd ascertain whether, the retiuhouieuW ot-
her of passengers, t^ naMi^^S of
food, the number ol deaths; theses of thosewho'died
