1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL! GLOBE.
4295
Lynch, Mann, Marvin, McCormick, Morrisscy, Mnn-
gen, Myers, Newcomb, Newsham, Nicholson, Po-
land, Price, Pruyn, liobinson, Roots, Sheliabarger,
Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens, Stone, John Trimble,
Trowbridge, Twichell, "Robert T. Van Horn, Cad-
waladerC. Washburn, Thomas Williams, and James
i\ Wilson—52.
So the report was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. If the members-elect from
Alabama are now in the Hall they will present
themselves to take the oath of office.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask for the separate ad-
ministration of the oath to the members.
The SPEAKER. That is subject to the
decision of the House.
Mr. BROOKS. There. are three cases to
which I wish to call attention. I object to one
of the members, I think the one from the Mo-
bile district, upon the ground that he is not a
resident of the State of Alabama.
Mr. DAWES. The member from the Mobile
district is not present.
Mr. BROOKS. Who is the gentleman from
the Mobile district?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Kellogg.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh! yes; Mr. Kellogg, of
Michigan.
Mr. DAWES. No ; of Ababama. The gen-
tleman is laboring under a mistake, as he
usually is.
Mr. BROOKS. And then there is another
from Maine to whom I object.
Mr. BROOMALL. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The order of the House
is that the Representatives from Alabama be
sworn in by taking the oath prescribed by the
act of July 2, 1802.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not suppose that the
Speaker wants to violate the Constitution of
the United States ; and I ask him to read sec-
tion two, article one, of that instrument.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] objects to one of these
gentlemen because he was born in Maine. I
would inquire of him where he himselt was
born. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. I was born in the State of
Maine, and went to New York with a trunk
thirty years ago ; 1 did not go there three
months ago with a carpet-bag. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
point raised by the gentleman from New York.
The Speaker is required to execute the order
of the House, which is to administer the oath
of office to the members-elect from the State
of Alabama. If the House should order that
the oath be administered to each separately,
the Speaker will, of course, obey the order of
the House; but without such order he will
swear them in collectively.
Mr. ROSS. One of these gentlemen is a
constituent of mine ; but I do not raise any
objection to him on that account. He is a
very good man.
Mr. Charles W. Buckley, Mr. Benjamin
W. Nokris, Mr. Charles W. Pierce, Mr. J.
B. Cali.is, and Mr. Thomas Houohet, pre-
sented themselves at the Speaker's desk, and
were duly qualified by taking the oath pre-
scribed by the act of July 2, 1802.
VACANCIES IN EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENTS.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of the question pending at
the adjournment yesterday, being the report
of the committee of conference on the bill (S.
No. 352) to authorize the temporary supplying
of vacancies in the Executive Departments.
Oil the question of agreeing to the report the
yeas and nays were ordered ; and pending that
question the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] moved that the report be laid on the table.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
the same, with the following amendment: strike out
the word "and," in line three of said amendment,
and insert after the word " second," in the same line,
the words " and third;" and tho Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to tho
third amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same, with an amendment, as follows: after the word
"upon,"in said amendment,strike out all to the end
of tho amendment, and insert in.lieu. the following
words: "the examiner-in-chief in said office oldest
in length of commission;" and ihc Senate agree to
the same. THEODORE M. POMEROY,
WM, LAWRENCE,
Managers on the pai i of the House.
ROKCOE CONKLING,
Wil. M. STEWART.
Managers on the part oj the Senate.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw the motion
that the report be laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew the motion, and
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether the effect of laying the report
on the table will not be to kill the bill, while
if we should simply reject the report the ques-
tion of the differences between the two Houses
would still be open ?
The SPEAKER. That will be the effect.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 35, nays 112, not voting
08 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archcr, Axtell. Barnes,
Beck, Boyer, Oary, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Glossbrcn-
ncr, Oolladay, Grover, Haight, Houghey, Holuian,
Ilotchkiss, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Marshall, McCulloch, Niblack, Orth, Phelps, ltoss,
Sitgreavcs, Stone, Tabcr, Lawrence S. lrimble, Van
Aukcn, Van Trurni), Wood, and Woodward—-35.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos K. Ashley. Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beatty,
Bingham, Blair, Boles, Boutweil, Bowtm, Boydon,
Bromwcll, Brooraall,Backhand, Benjamin F. Butler,
Churchill, Header W.Ciarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Delano,
Dewcese. Dixon, Donnelly, Drisrgs, Eckley, knot,
Ferris?, Fields, Gnrfield, Coss, Hamilton, Hawkins,
Heaton, lligby, liill, Hinds, Hopkins, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hulbuid, Hun tor, lngersoll. Jenekcs,
Judd, Kelley, Kelsey, Kcteham, Koontz, Lash Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Lou.gh.rmge, M.itlory,
McCarthy, McClurg, MeKcu, Merour, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Morrcil. Mullins, Myers,.INunn, C Neill,
Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike, Plants. Poland, i olsley,
Pomeroy, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenek, Sconeld,
Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stokes, Sypher, Taylor, Thomas, lwichell,
Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, \ idal, Ward,
IhihuB. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn. Wclker, Whittemore, William Wil-
liams, Jj.mes F. Wilson. John T. Wilson, Stephen i.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—112.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Bailey,
Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Blackburn,
Blame, Brooks, Buckley, Burr, Roderick B. Butler,
Cake, Callis, Ohanlcr, Cornell, Dockery, Dodge.
Eggleston, Kla, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finney, trench.
Gravely, Griswold, Ilalsey, Harding, Hooper, Asahel
W. Hubbard, ltichard D. Hubbard, Humphrey,
Alexander II. Jones, Julian.Kitchen, Laflin, George
V.Lawrence, Logan, Lynch, Mann. Marvm, May-
nard, McCorraick, Morrisscy, Mungen, Newcomb,
Newsham, Nicholson, Norns, Pierce, Pile, P«ce,
Pruyn, Randall, Raum, llobinsou, Roots, Selye,
Sheilabarger, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Taife, John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Robert T. \ on Horn, Van
Wyok, Cadwalader C. Washburn, and Thomas Wil-
liams—08.
So the House refused to lay on tlie table the
report of the committee of conference.
The question next recurred on the adoption
of the report of the committee of conference.
The question was taken ; and iUvas decided
in the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 77, not voting
as follows:
act, after lull and fiee conference luive sigrotMl
to recommcnd, anddo recommend, to theirrespective
Houses, as follows: ^
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
first aiuondmfbt of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the sccond amendment of the Senate, and agree to
Clarke. Sidney Clarke, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dawes,
Delano. Dewcese, Doekeiy, Donnelly, Dmgs, Lia,
Bliol, Feirbs, Fetry, l'ldus, French,Go^s, Gaswold,
Heaton, Hill, Hinds, Hooper, Hopkins. Chester
D. Hubbard, llulburd, Judd, Kelsey, Ivctcham,
Koontz, Laflin, Lash, William Lawrence, Lincoln, j
Loughridsic, McCarthy Mcu-ur, Miller, Moorhead, j
Mullins, Orth, Pike, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Rod- ;
ertson. Sawyer, Scofield, Sclye, Smith. Spalding,
Thaddeus Stevens, Thomas, Twichell, Upsori, Van
Aernam, Bui t Van Horn, Ward, Ehhu 1UV ashburne.
William B. Washburn, Yi hittemore, James r. Wil-
bon, Windom, audWoodbriilge—SO.
NAYri—Messrs. Ailam*-, Anderson, Archcr, Arnell,
A\-lo!l, P>.i.ker, R,irnc«, Jjcattv, Beck, Boyer, lirom-
well, brooks, IJuckland, CalUs €;iry, Cohb, Dixon,
Eggleston, KLdridge, '"ox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Ctol-
laday. Gravely, Grover, Haight, Houghey, Haw-
kins, lligby, Holman, llotchki«s, Hunter., Iiiscorsoll,
.Jenckes. Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L.
J ones, Ken, Knott, Loan, Logan, Mallory, Marshall,
Maynard, McClurg, McCullough, McKee, Moore,
Morrell, Myers, Niblack, Nunn, O'Neill, Peiiiam,
Peters, Phelps, l'olslcy, Randall, Ross, Sehej.^Ji,
Shanks, Sitgreaves, Stewart, Stokes, Sypher, Tabcr,
Taylor, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Aukcn, Yan
Trump, HenryI). Washburn, Welker, William Wil-
liams, Jobn T. Wilson, Stephen JB1. Wilson. Wood,
and Woodward—77. „
MOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnum, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Blaekbuin, Blaine, Bowen, Buckley, Burr,
Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Chanler, Coburn, Cor-
nell, Dodge, Ecklcy, Farnsworth, Finney, Garfield,
Ilalsey, Hamilton, Harding, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard 3). Hubbard, Humphrey, Julian, Kelley,
Kitchen, ijeorgeV. Lawrence, Lynch, Mann, Marvin,
McCormick, Morrisscy, Mungen, Mewcomb, New-
sham, Nicholson, Norris, Paine, Pierce, Pile, Prico,
Pruyn, Raum, Robiuson. Roots. BheUabarffer, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stone, Taffe, John Trim-
ble, Trowbiidge, Robert X. Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Vidal, Cadwalader G. Washburn, and Thomas Wil-
liams—58.
So the report of the committee of conference
was adopted.
Mr. POMEROY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled a
joint resolution (S. No. 164) for the restora-
tion of Commander Aaron K. Hughes, to the
active list from the retired list; when the
Speaker signed the same.
LEAVE OK ABSENCE.
Mr. LYNCH was granted leave of absence
on account of the sickuess of his wife.
CHARLOTTE C. REED.
On motion of Mr. PBIUIAM, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the papers in the ease of Charlotte
O. liced, copies of those to be left which the
Olcrk deems important.
MESSAGE i'JlO.U THE SENATE.
A mesage was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Goiuiau, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 3o-l) admitting steam plows free
of duty for one year from June 30, 18G8.
11 also announced that the Senate had adopted
a concurrent resolution declaring the ratilica-
tion of the fourteenth article of amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
FOURTEENTH CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to take up the
concurrent resolution just received from the
Senate.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read the concurrent resolution, as
follows:
In Srxatk of Tin; United States,
July 21, 18G8.
Whereas the Legislatures of the States of Connecti-
cut, Tennessee, New Je'rsey, Or"gon, Vermont, West
Virginia, Kansas, Missuui i, Indiana, Ohio, Illinois,
Minnessota, New York, Wisconsin. Pennsylvania,
Rhode Island, Michigan, Nevada, New Hampshire,
Massachusetts, Nebraska, Maine, Iowa, Arkansas,
Eiurida, North Carolina, and Louisiana, being three
fourths and more of the several Slates of the Union,
have ratified the lourtecnth article of amendment
to the Constitution of the Unittd States, duly pro-
posed by two thirds of each Houso of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress; Therefore,
licsolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That said fourteenth article is
hereby dechu ed to bo a part of the Constitution ol the
United States, and it shall bo duly promulgated as
such by the Secretary of State.
Attest: GEO. C. G0RIIAM, Secretory.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Reconstruction,
and on that I demand the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is an important ques-
tion, and should goto the Committee onlhe
Judiciary. , „
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We will
pass it now if the gentleman from Massaehu-
btMrWBOgUrWELL. I withdraw .the motion
to refer, and move that the resolution be cou-
I curred hr" and on that motion 1 demand the
! previous question.
