1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1223
merit. The committee has already passed upon
it and rejected it. There can be no motion to
reconsider in the Committee of the Whole.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
offered at the same point in the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The prop-
osition is precisely the same that was offered
in another part of the section, and it is cer-
tainly out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment having
been offered to the same paragraph and once
voted down it is not in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not renew the amend-
ment offered by my colleague, [Mr. Prut??.]
His proposition was to insert "Rome." Rome
is but a city. I propose to insert the "Papal
States.''
Mr. PRUYN. The gentleman is mistaken.
I moved to insert "Papal States."
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, the House
lias for some years past indulged in a refusal
to send a minister to Rome. I hope the
House will no longer indulge in that gratifi-
cation, because the cause which then inspired
it no longer exists, and that this minister to
Rome, the ancient capital not only of the re-
ligious but of the old imperial classical world,
will be restored by this bill; and I urge it upon
the attention of the House, not alone for reli-
gious and political reasons, butforgreatreasons
of state. The Roman Catholic religion, which
is spread throughout all parts of our country,
in all the States more or less, is a powerful
religious denomination whose connection is
close and material with Rome, whose priest-
hood are annually visiting Rome in great num-
bers, and who receive their inspiration from
the Papal States, and hence the Government
of the Papal States stands, not only from its
political position, entitled to a representative
from this country, but above all from its re-
ligious position and its close religious connec-
tion with this country. I know that Congress
hitherto, from causes which I did not under-
stand, for the gratification of passion, abolished
this ministry at Rome. I indulge the hope
that that feeling, whether it be good or bad,
has ceased any longer to interest or to agitate
this House, and that the ministry will be re-
stored. The same causes which inspired the
establishment of this mission at first now more
than ever inspire its continuance. Rome is
in the heart of Italy. Rome represents and is
the heart of the religious world throughout all
parts of the earth. Whatever may be our
religious or political opinions Rome has more
influence over this earth to-day than it ever
had in its palmiest days. A State like that,
spreading its influence far beyond its own lim-
ited dominions, reaching throughout the whole
earth, affecting more or less the whole human
population, certainly has a right, or if it has
not a right—for no foreign nation has a right—
it is our highest political as well as religious
interest to maintain a representative at Rome.
I repeat that I hope the House will cease
any longer to indulge in that passion, or what-
ever it may be, but will consult the best inter-
ests of this country by having a representative
at Rome.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
paragraph is now closed by the order of the
House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] will be voted down, and that
we will take a vote on the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wil-
liams.]
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment offered
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wil-
liams] is the only amendment now pending.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
for a division of the question, so as to take a
separate vote upon striking out each State.
The CHAIRMAN. A division of the ques-
tion being called for, the first question before
the committee is on striking out '•Ecuador."
The question was put ; and that portion 01 the
amendment was disagreed to—ayes fifteen, noes
not counted.
The next question was upon striking out
"New Granadaand being taken, it was not
agreed to.
The next question was upon striking out
"Boliviaand upon a division, there were—
ayes ten, noes not counted.
So it was not agreed to.
The next question was upon striking out
"Venezuela;" and being taken, it was not
agreed to.
The next question was upon striking out
"Guatemala;" and upon a division, there
were—ayes nine, noes not counted.
So it was not agreed to.
The next question was upon striking out
"Nicaragua;" and upon a division there were
—ayes seven, noes not counted.
So it was nof agreed to.
The next question was upon striking out
"Costa Rica;" and being taken, it was not
agreed to.
The next question was upon striking out
"Honduras;" and being taken, it was not
agreed to.
The next question was upon striking out
"Argentine Confederation;" and being taken,
it was not agreed to.
The next question was upon striking out
"Paraguay;" and being taken, it was not
agreed to.
The next question was upon striking out
"and Salvador;" and being taken, it was not
agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend by insert-
ing "Rome" after "Turkey."
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 40, noes 42; no quorum
voting.
Underthe rule tellers were ordered; and Mr.
Brooks and Mr. Blaine were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 48, noes 50.
So the amendment of Mr. Brooks was not
agreed to.
No further amendment being offered to that
paragraph,
The Clerk read the following:
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
$30,000: Provided, That this sum shall be expended
for purposes of foreign intercourse only.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend this
paragraph by striking out " $30,000" and in-
serting " $05,000." The sum named for this
item in the estimates which were sent to the
Committee on Appropriations was $65,000.
Being anxious to economize in all the depart-
ments of the Government, the Committee on
Appropriations have claimed and exercised
the prerogative of cutting down the estimates
of the Department from $65,000 to $30,000.
I have been informed at the State Department
that they cannot carry on these matters of for-
eign intercourse without the full sum called
for, and that they are especially in want of this
sum at this time to aid our citizens who are in
foreign prisons. I now yield the remainder of
my time to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Robinson.]
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Chairman, I trust
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spalding] will be adopted. The only
regret I have in supporting his proposition is
that it is not half large enough; I think the
sum should be made over one hundred thou-
sand dollars. There is a great contest going
on in the world which must be settled. As'
we stand now, we are in the advanced rank in
fighting the battle of the rights of citizens.
No nation, no person, has ever attained any
great object without cost; and one of the costs
which we have to encounter is the imprison-
ment of our citizens. The defense ol those
prisoners must be paid in some way, and for
that purpose it is proposed to appropriate the
pitiful sum of $30,000. " Sir, I say here, that
is not enough to defend Colonel'Warren and
Colonel Nagle alone, if we detend no others.
We have been blaming the Secretary of State,
have been opposing him here, because he
did not go to the rescue of our imprisoned
citizens with proper aid and counsel. If I
thought it would be adopted I would move to
amend the amendment so as to increase the
sum to $100,000. But as I cannot hope that
would succeed I will support the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio. Every person
who votes to cut down the amount asked for
by the Department, who does not vote in favor
of the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio,
votes here solemnly, beneath the dome of the
Capitol, to send no aid to our citizens in fetters,
but to leave them to eternal imprisonment.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope this amendment will
not prevail. I would call the attention of the
committee to the preceding paragraph, in which
we appropriate $50,000 for the contingent ex-
penses of our missions abroad.
Mr. SPALDING. "Contingent expenses
of all the missions abroad."
Mr. BLAINE. The $00,000 proposed to be
appropriated by the paragraph under consid-
eration is for what is known as "the secret-
service fund." Now, if the Secretary of State
wishes this fund to enable him to employ coun-
sel for distressed Americans abroad, let him
say so. But this amount is given to the State
Department and it is never audited; or, if it is
audited at all, it is simply upon the order of
the President or of the Secretary of State.
Nobody knows what becomes of it. If they
want it for the purpose of defending and aid-
ing distressed Americans abroad, it need not
be secret. There is no necessity of making
any secret of that. I think we ought not to
have in this Government any such thing as a
secret-service fund. At all events, we ought
not to have a large fund of that kind;.and I
strained my convictions when I consented in
the committee to support an appropriation of
$30,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to state that
the estimates included $30,000 for transmitting
information backward and forward over the
Atlantic telegraph. We have reported no
appropriation for that purpose. We propose
to appropriate this contingent fund of $30,000,
and we make no appropriation whatever for
transmitting intelligence by the Atlantic tele-
graph.
Mr. PRUYN. I move pro forma to amend
the amendment by striking out "sixty-five"
and inserting "seventy," so as to make the
appropriation $70,000.
In regard to certain expenses of a miscellane-
ous character pertaining to the Department of
State, we must of necessity intrust that Depart-
ment with a large discretion. It is impossible
for that Department to report to this House in
advance the amounts which may bo needed for
purposes which it cannot foresee. If we are to
have a Department of State at all, if we are
to keep up our relations with the outside
world and maintain the dignity of our national
character, we must place in the hands of the
officers of the Government a sufficient amount
for that purpose. I am sorry that the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] who opposes
this amendment, has failed to manifest on this
occasion his usual liberality. ^ I trust that the
House will vote the amount which the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] who has investi-
gated this subject, names in hisamendment as
the proper sum to be appropriated. I with-
draw my amendment, and will support that or
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise to oppese the amendment. I trust
that the committee will not adopt it but will
vote the amount reported in the bill. 1 have
before me a document (Executive Document,
No. 59, Thirty-Ninth Congress, Second Ses-
sion) which shows how this fund has been ex-
pended heretofore; and for the information of
