4296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is there any information
in the possession of the House that Georgia
has ratified that fourteenth article?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has a dispatch.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. JL.et it
be read. , ,
Mr. BROOKS. I object unless we have
read the withdrawal by Ohio and New Jersey
of their assent to that amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
gentleman fiora Massachusetts read the dis-
patch as part of his speech.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Suppose the gentleman
from Illinois makes the speech for him.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. He can
make a speech for the gentleman from Wis-
consin much better than the gentleman can
for himself.
Mi". ELDRIDGE. The gentleman does the
most of the talking for him.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 withdraw the call for
the previous question, and ask the Clerk to
read the dispatch which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Atlanta, Georgia, July 21,18S8.
To Schuyler Colfax,
Sneaker House of Itepreientuhvx :
Pourteenth article and fundamental conditions
adopted by majority of thirty-four on joint ballot.
KUJTUS D. BULLOCK,
Governor-elect. '
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the State of
Alabama will be included in the resolution.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to amend the
resolution by inserting " Georgia."
Mr. BROOKS. On a mere private telegram?
How do you know that that came over the
wires ?
Mr. BROOMALL. We take it on faith.
■ The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
this is an official notice such as is required. It
should be sent by mail.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I withdraw the motion
to amend.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to propound a
question to thegentleman from Massachusetts—
whether this dispatch came into his hands
through the post-mortem examination com-
mittee?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have no knowledge
of it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Or whether it was a cap-
tured telegram that came in a legitimate way
of business?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN and Mr. ELDRIDGE de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the proposition
is divisible. I call for a separate vote on the
preamble.
The SPEAKER. It is divisible; a separate
vote will be taken on the preamble. The ques-
tion now is on agreeing to the resolution.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 127, nays 33, not vot-
ing 55 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos K. Ashley, Bailey, lialdwin, Banks, Ueatty,
Benton, Bingham, l'lair, lioles, Boutwcll, Bowcn,
Boydcn, liromwell, Broouiall, liucklaml, Buckley,
Oallis, Churchill, Header \Vr. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Cobum, Cook, Cnvodc, Cullom. Dawes.Delano,
Deweese, Dixon, Doekery, Donnelly, Drigors, Eeklcy,
Eggleston, 1-1 a, Khot, Fariisworih, Femss, Ferry,
Fields French, Garlield, Gravely, Griswold, Hamil-
ton, lloughey, llawkius, Heaton, Hifjby, Hill, Hinds,
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Ilubhard, Hulburd,
Jcnckes, Alexander II. Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kelscy,
Keteham, Koontz, Lalhn, Lash, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Alallory, Maynard, McCarthy, Me-
Clurg, MeKee, Mercur, Miller, Mooie, Moorhead,
JVIorrell, Mullins, Myers, Korris, Sunn, O'Neill,
Ortli, Paine, Perham, Peteis, Pierce, Pike, Pile,
Plants, Polsley, Pomcroy, liaum, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schenek, Seolicld, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Sypher,
Tafle, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Burt
Van Horn, Van Wjck.Vidal, Ward, Elihu B. Wasli-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wluttemore, William Williams, James F.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Woodbndfcc—127.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtcll. Barnes,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Eldndfre, Fox.Getz.Glossbrei)-
ner, Golladay, Grover, II.tight, Holman, liotekkiss.
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, ICnott, Marshall,
MoCullough, Niblack, Phelps, Kandall. ltoss, Stone,
'i'aber,LawrenceS.Trimble.Van Auken, van irump.
Wood, and Woodward—U3.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Baker,
Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin, Blackburn, Llame,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick K. Butler.Oakc,
Cary, Chanler, Cornell, Dodge, Finney. Goss. Halsey.
Harding, Asahel W. llubbard, Kiehard I>. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Hunter, tngersoll, Julian, Iutchen,
George V. Lawrence, Logan, Loughritige, .Lynch,
Mann, Marvin, McCormick, Morrissey. Mungen,
Newcomb, Ncwsliam, Nicholson, Poland, Price,
Pruyn, llobinson, Roots, Selve. Shellabarger, bit-
greaves, Aaron F. Stevens, Taylor, John irimble,
Van Acrnam, Robert T. Van Horn, Cadwalndcr U.
Washburn, Thomas Williams, Stephen I. Wilson,
and Windom—55.
So the resolution was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
preamble.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were orderecL
The question was taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 127, nays 35,
not voting 53 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson. ArneJL Delos
ft. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Bankb, Beatty, Benton,
Bingham, Blair, Boles, Boutwcll, Bowen, Boydcn,
Bromwcil, Broomall, Buckland, Buckley, Ilouenek
li. Butler, Callis, Churchill, Reader W.Clarko, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Delano, l)e-
weese, Dixon, Doekery. Donnelly, Driggs, i^eklcy,
E?gleston, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, tfcm&s lerry,
V\elds, French,tfariiold,Gravely, II iiinii.ton, lloughey,
Iloaton, Ilisrby, Jiiil. llinds, llooper. Hopkins, Ches-
ter 1). llubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, .Tcnckes, Alexan-
der 11. Jones, Judd, lveHey, Kelsey, Ketchnm, Koontz,
Laflin, Lash, William Lawrenec, Lincoln, Loan,
Logan, Loughridge. Mallory. Maynard, McCarthy,
McClurg, MeKee, Mercur. Miller, Moore, Moorhead,
Morreli,Mullins,Myers,Norris, Nuuii,O'Neill,Orth,
Paine, Perham, Peters, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Plants,
Polsley, Pomeroy, Raum, llobertson, Schenek, Seo-
field, Shanks, Smith, Starkweather, Thaddcus Mo-
vent Stewart, Stokes, Sypher, Taffo, Ihomas, liow-
brid&e, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam. Lurfc Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Vid«l, Ward,Ehhu B.Washbnrne,
Jiemy I>. Washburn, William B. Washbuin, Welkei,
Wluttemore, William Williams, James B. Wilson,
John T.Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridgc—'127.
NAYS—Me&srs. Adams, Archer, Axtcll, Barnes,
Book, Boycr, Brooks, Cary, Eldridge, Fox, Cetz,
Olossbrcnner, Golladay, Urover. llaisht, Holman,
ilotohkiss, Johnson,Thomas L. Jones, lverr, 1^-nott,
Marshall, INloCullough, Niblack, Phelps, llandall,
lioss, Sitgreavcs, Stone, Taber, Lawrence S. JLrnnblc,
Van Aukon, Yan Trump, Wood, and Woodward—3d.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Barnum, Boauian, Benjamin, Blackburn,
Blaine, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Chanler,
Sidney Clarke, Cornell, Dodse, Finney, Gosa, Uris-
wold, lhilsey, llardiiiK, llawkius, Asahel W. Uub-
baril, liifhnrd 1). Hubbard, lluraidiroy, Ingersoll,
Julian, Kitchcn, Georffe V.Lawrencc, Lyncli, Mann,
Marvin, MoUormiek, lHorrls^ey, Mungen, Newcomb,
Aaron r. oievens, jiayior, ucim xuuiuiu,
Van Horn, Cadwalador C. Washburn, Tiioinns Wil-
liams, and Stephen i1. Wilson—53.
So the preamble was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the preamble whs agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message ruom THE sknatj3.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. IIamun,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes_of the two
Houses upon the bill (II. R. No. 551) making
a grant of land to the State of Minnesota, to
aid in the improvement of the navigation of
the Mississippi river.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1227) granting a pension
to Martha Ann Wallace ; and
An act (IT. K. No. 1837) granting an increase
of pension to Frances T. Kichardson, widow
of the late Major General Israel B. Richardson.
funding aim national debt.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 507J for fund-
ing the national debt and for the conversion
of the notes of the United States pending at
the adjournment on Saturday evening and now
reached in the regular order. The gentlemaa
from Massachusetts [Mr. Bootwell] is enti-
tled to the floor for fifty-eight minutes of Lis
k°Mr. BOUTWELL. I have made some ver-
bal amendments in the substitute which I pro-
posed on Saturday last, which I will send to
the Clerk's desk. They do not ehange the
substance, and it is not necessary that tbey
should be read at present.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to know whether
there will be one vote on the entire substitute,
whether it must be adopted or rejected by a
single vote? , , ,
The SPEAKER. When debate closes the
first question will be on the amendments re-
ported by the Committee of the Whole to per-
fect the original bill, and then the question
will be on striking it all out, as aroendet&? and
inserting the substitute proposed.
Mr. RANDALL. Then we shall have to
take the whole of the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts or none of it.
The SPEAKER. Unless the previous ques-
tion shall be moved amendments to the sub-
stitute will be in order, provided they shall be
such as have been considered in Committee
of the Whole. If they have received their first
consideration in Committee of the Whole they
can be offered, but not otherwise.
Mr. BOUTWELL. if the House will give
me ear for ten or fifteen minutes, I will en-
deavor to state the features of the substitute,
and especially the particulars in which it differs
from the bill as it came from the Senate and
from the bill which was adopted by the House
in Committee of the Whole.
The Senate bill provides for the funding of
the entire interest-paying debt, with the excep-
tion of the five per cent, bonds known as
ten-.forties and the three per cent, certificates;
the new bonds to be made payable at different
times and with different rates of interest, cov-
eting, considering the entire scope ol the bill,
^1,800,000,000 of the public debt.
The bill reported to the House by the Com-
mittee of the Whole provides for the funding
of the entire interest-bearing public debt,
amounting to $2,150,000,000, all of it payable
in coin upon forty years time, and at three
and sixty-five hundredths per cent, rate of
interest.
The amendment to which I wish to call the
attention of the House provides for the fund-
ing of $1,200,000,000 of the public debt;
$•100,000,000 payable in fifteen years at five
per cent, interest; $400,000,000 payable in
twenty years at four and a half per cent, inter-
est, ; anil $400,000,000 payable in twenty-five*
years at three and sixty-five hundredths per
cent, interest; the latter sum of §400,000.000
payable, principal and interest, at the option of
the taker, either in the United States, or at
London, Paris, or Frankfort.
The latter proposition, that $400,000,000
maybe made payable abroad, is submitted upon
this ground. A portion of our public debt is
already due abroad; and the parties who hold
that amount are subjected every six months to
a pretty heavy tax, to something like one half
of one per cent, I understand, in expenses
incurred in the collection of the interest cou-
pons. The Government of the United States
of course could place funds in London or
Paris ov Frauklbrt at a very much less cost
than is now incurred by the holders of the
| bonds. By making the bonds payable abroad
| we induce foreigners to exchange existing
i bonds for those bearing a lower rate of inter-
! est, we subjecting ourselves to the expense of
i placing the funds there, which can be done by
j the Government at much less cost than the
] holders of bonds would be required to pay in
i the form of discount upon the coupons.
| Therefore the advantage of this plan resolves
! itself into an ability on our part to obtain funds
| at a less rate of interest, including the expense
' of placing the money abroad to meet payments,
1 than we should be obliged to pay if the parties
[ holding the bonds.mcurred the expense of col-
