3272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBB.
June 18,
Mr. O'NEILL. I offer the followingamend-
ment, not from the Committee on Commerce,
but on my own motion :
At tlie end of section twenty-six insert the fol-
lowing :
Provided, That fifty per cent, of the gross amount
of the commutation or head-money collected from
any vessel bringing immigrants to any port of the
United States be placed to the credit of the respective
States in which the immigrants settle by a pro rata
distribution among said States, and the said fifty per
cent, to be made under the supervision of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, to whom monthly statements
ot' the amounts received in each port shall bo made
by the individual or association collecting the same.
I will explain the amendment, and I think
it will strike the minds of some members, at
least, as very appropriate. The object of it is
this: in all the ports where immigrants arrive
there is collected what is called " head-
money." It is collected from the ship-owners
technically, but really it is from the immi-
grants. For instance, iu New York the head
money amounts to two dollars on each passen-
ger. Large sums of money are thus collected
either by commissioners of immigration, boards
of health, or by individuals detailed for the
purpose by municipal authorities, and the sum
realized generally, I am informed, in its full
extent is not appropriated to the purpose for
which it is paid. Some two or three hundred
thousand immigrants arrive in New York
yearly, a few thousand in Philadelphia, and
perhaps more in Baltimore than in the latter
city. Baltimore is now prepared to do a larger
business than ever of this kind by the steam-
ship lines to which reference was made the
other day by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Phelps.] The parlies who collect this
money pay, I have no doubt, a considerable
portion of it for the support and maintenance
of some of the poorer immigrants who arrive
in the ports where it is collected, but the bulk
of the money should go to the States where
the immigiauts settle, and where, if want and
poverty overake them, they can be benefited
by the fund to which they have indirectly con-
tributed, for, as I understand it, though the
money ostensibly comes from the ship, it act-
ually is paid by its addition to the charge for
passage.
It is well known that some of these immi-
grants do not come here to work, but they go
into our pauper asylums and establishments
and remain about our towns and cities. Still
I am glad to say that a great many of them do
not come within that category. The most of
them go out to the West; they remain in New
York but a few days. I understand they are
usually shipped off within three or four days,
often within twenty-four hours. Yet this com-
mutation or head-money remains in the hands
of the commissioners or board of emigration,
and does not go exclusively to the support of
those from whom it is derived.
Mr. BENJAMIN. By what authority is this
money collected? By virtue of a law of Con-
gress or by virtue of a State law ?
Mr. O'NEILL. I expected that question to
be asked, and I am ready to answerit. I pre-
sented this amendment not by authority of the
committee, as I have said, but upon iny own
responsibility, with a view to ascertain whether
we can enact such a law. This head-money is
imposed by State legislation, not by acts of
Congress. And yet I doubt very much whether,
under the Constitution of the United States, a
State has any right to do this.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to know the
views of the gentleman upon the right and au-
thority of the Congress of the United States
to control a fund raised in pursnance of the
legislative action of the various States. Per-
haps we have that authority, but I do not see
it clearly.
Mr. O'NEILL. The amendment I have
offered is intended to raise that question, to
see by what right a State imposes this tax upon
immigrants arriving in this country. It is not
intended so much to get hold of that money as
to settle that question. My impression is that
there is no right iu the States to do it. I am
of opinion there is a right in the Congress of
the united States to do it, and in it alone is
the power vested.
Mr. UPSON. What disposition is it pro-
posed to make of this money?
Mr. O'NEILL. My amendment proposes
to take fifty per cent, of it to be distributed
among the respective States where these immi-
grants settle, according to the average number
of those who settle in the respective States.
Why should the State of STew York take two
dollars from the pocket of every immigrant
who lands there, and authorize these associa-
tions to accumulate this fund? I have no
doubt they do a great deal of good, in the way
of charitable assistance, yet I do not see why
they should be allowed to exact this tax from
all immigrants who arriveatNew York. They
do not come merely to the port of New York
or the port of Philadelphia, or the port of Bal-
timore; but their destination is the United
States, and they may not settle until theyreacli
the Kocky mountains or the Pacific slope.
Mr. UPSON. How is this money, so dis-
tributed to (lie various States, to be applied
for the advantage of these immigrants?
Mr. O'NEILL. By the authorities of the
State through those who may be delegated to
assist the needy immigrant.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
my colleague [Mr. O'Neill] allow me to in-
terrupt him a moment?
Mr. O'NEILL. Certainly.
Mr. WILLTAMS, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stand my colleague to say that he doubts, per-
haps he denies, the power of the State to impose
this tax.
Mr. O'NEILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Is not
the effect of his amendment to affirm that
power?
Mr. O'NEILL. It does to some extent in
effect affirm that power. But it will give an
opportunity of appeal to the courts, when the
question can be determined whether any such
right exists in a State.
Mr. JUDD. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a few minutes?
Mr. O'NEILL. Certainly.
Mr. J UI)D. 'The amendmentpresentedby the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill]
presents questions of very great importance.
It not only involves the legal proposition of
the right to levy this tax upon emigrants, as
suggested by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Williams,] but the further question,
namely, in what manner and bywhom thefund
thus collected shall be disbursed to accomplish
the most good for the class supposed to be ben-
efited by it.
I think I can safely say that a majority of
the immigrants to this country have a fixed
destination before they leave their homes ; that
a majority of those immigrants do not intend
to remain in the ports of their arrival. This
tax is levied by these State associations osten-
sibly for the purpose of aiding and protecting
the poor and the needy on their arrival ana
(luring their earlier residence here. If I under-
stand Lhe provisions of the immigrant laws in
force in the port of New York, societies organ-
ized under the laws of that State collect from
each ship a tax of two dollars for each immi-
grant under the claim of caring for the needy ;
the charities distributed from that fund do not
extend beyond the limits of that State, and the
immigrant destined for the Northwest gets no
benefit from thefund to which he has contrib-
uted after he gets beyond the boundary lines
o'f the State of New York, no matter how des-
titute and suffering may be his condition.
This levy that is made upon each immigrant,
although nominally paid by the owner of the
ship, is in reality paid by the passenger, the
ship-owners include in the fare of such immi-
grant. Hence, in the case of immigrants des-
tined for Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, and
tiie Northwest generally, when they get where
they are taken ill or their means are exhausted,
become a burden upon the citizens at the point
where this occurs, and clianty takes the piace
of reliance upon a fund that those parties have
helped to create, and this burden, although
cheerfully borne by the philanthropic, ought
not to be imposed upon them. Ihere is no
reason why the mere passer through JNew
York should contribute to a fund tnat he can
never have the benefit of as soon as he passes
the State line. The surpluses now accumu-
lated ought in some form to r|ac^ the persons
who were intended to be benefited. _
An instance of that kind occurred m the city
of Chicago within the last two years. Nearly
a thousand immigrants destined for Minnesota,
everyone of whom had paid this tax,'which
had gone into the hands of the commissioners
of emigration in New York, were entirely des-
titute when they arrived at Chicago, without
money to proceed upon their journey to sup-
port themselves while tarrying there, ihey
were thrown upon our streets; they taxed
the capacity of every foreign aid society in our
city to support them, until by voluntary con-
tributions, and by the generous charities of
the community—and I will add of the railroad
companies in the way of free transportation
they were sent to their ultimate destination.
That, Mr. Speaker, cost the citizens of Chicago
in voluntary contributions $-5,000 in money.
They ought to have had the privilege of call-
ing upon the societies in the cities where this
money was paid to make a contribution to them
of a portion of it. Such cases are strictly within
the spirit, object, andintentof this kind oflegis-
lation. And the laws should be so framed as to
provide for these contingencies; and unless
some changes are made in the mode of distrib-
uting this fund so as to meet the necessities of
of those'for whose benefit it is created contro-
versies will arise that will shake these institu-
tions. The inquiry will very properly be made
whether this tax accomplishes the purpose for
which it was created. It may create magnificent
public buildings that are an honor to the city
ofNevv York, but the emigrant may starve after
he passes the boundaries of that State. Some
mode of caring for those that need aid while
they are on their journey should be devised,
and then practically thegood would be accom-
plished that the theory of this thing presupposes.
Mr. O'NEILL. I propose now to yield to
the gentleman from- New York, [Mr. Chajt-
ler ;] but before doing so I wish to add a word
or two to what I have already said. I much
prefer the amendment as it stands. If, how-
ever, the House does not see fit to pass it. I
will only say that at some future time I will
prepare and introduce a bill to cover the point.
Mr. JUDD. I did not rise, Mr. Speaker,
for the purpose of attacking these organiza-
tions in the large sea-ports in any shape or
form, but only to call the attention of this
House, and the gentlemen representing those
cities, to thefact that some arrangement should
be made by legislation so the proper equities
might be dealt out.
Mr. O'NEILL. I believe the board of
commissioners of emigration in New York
does a great deal of good. It has been the
means of erecting some grand chanties in that
city._ l am here ready to do that organization
full justice. All I want is to have the question
tested. If the tax is to be collected I do not
see why we should not legislate for its distri-
bution at points distant from its collection.
Mr. CIIANLEK. ^ I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will adhere to the intention
that he has just slated, and that is to prepare
and bring in a separate and distinct proposition
touching this matter. It is a question outside
of the purposes of this bill. I hope he will
draw up and report such a bill to the House at
an early day.
Mr. O'NEILL. I withdraw my amendment,
and hope the House will act at once upon this
bill for the protection of immigrants and pass
it. It will result, I think, as I said at the
beginning, in securing on this most important
subject the joint action of the different nations
who are interested iu it.
