1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'249
vessels we require a larger service than we did
in 1857.
Now. one word in regard to this proposition.
I was the only person, I believe, so tar as know,
among those who had paid much attention to
the Navy, who was willing that its personnel
should be reduced as low as I have proposed
to go; and my reason was principally because
I saw that a storm was coming, and I thought
it was for the interest of the service to reduce
it to this amount at the start, and as a volun-
tary act, rather than to have my friend from
Vermont and my friend from New York come
in here aud attempt to destroy it entirely, as I
was fearful that they or some others might do.
Now, what is the proposition really before us?
It is simply to increase the Navy, for that is
all it amounts to, to authorize the increase of
the Navy over aud above what it was in 1857
to the extent of the apprentices only.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Twelve hundred aud fifty.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; not twelve hundred
and fifty.
Mr. MOURILL, of Maine. Not exceeding
tliat.
Mr. GRIMES. The proposition before the
Senate increases them to the amount of five
hundred aud ninety-six persons. You had
eiglity-five hundred men before the war, andyou
had the boys before the war, amounting now
to four hundred and forty-six. The Secretary
was authorized to enlist b >ys to an unlimited
extent. All that we have authorized him to
enlist since then is the apprentices, amount-
ing, as I-said, to five hundred and ninety-six.
That is all really that there is before us, whether
or not we shall authorize the Navy to go back
to where it was in 1857, with the addition of
the apprentices that have been enlisted into
the service until they are twenty-one years of
age, whom the naval officers regard as des-
tined to be the main reliance of the naval ser-
vice in the coming future. I am willing to
leave it to the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to say
one word in reply to the Senator from Ver-
mont, because he lias adopted a mode of in-
terpretation so ingenious and specious that I
think it is worth while to notice it. I should
like to see whether lie thinks it sound. In
order to get rid of the force of the argument
of the committee, that we go back to the stand-
ard of the Navy before the war, the honorable
Senator is forced to read the statutes as if boys
were one and the same thing with men. He
says that it does not appear that the boys men-
tioned in the statute of 1837 are not identically
the men and rated as men in the Navy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not say "rated;"'
I said entered under the general name.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understood
the honorable Senator's argument to go to the
extent that they were really men, men in the
proper sense of the term, that when they are
in the Navy they are counted as men. If that
is not so, the argument goes for nothing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What I said was to have
the chairman of the committee explain to us
under these various statutes where the limitation
was either upon the number of men or boys,
unless it be in the act of 1857, being merely an
act for the increase of the Navy by a thousand
only. May not the term " men" used in that
act, merely increasing the whole number, fairly
be considered as applying to the whole force
of the Navy as a part of the enlistment law ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is what I
understand the honorable Senator to say, and,
therefore, lie was not clear that the committee
was right in saying that eighty-five hundred
men, mentioned in the statute of 1857, was the
effective force of the Navy, excluding boys.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is exactly what I
want to get at.
Mr. GRIMES. In all the naval legislation
from the foundation, men and boys are rated
differently.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us see the statute.
Mr. GRIMES. Look at the act of 1808.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have the stat-
utes here to show it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what I want to
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. By the act of
1857 "the Secretary of the Navy be and he is
hereby authorized to enlist eighty-five hundred
men;" and by the statute of 1837, "it shall be
lawful to enlist boys for the Navy." I want to
ask the Senator if he does not think the enlist-
ment of boys is contradistinguished from the
authority to enlist men for the Navy?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will answer my friend
with entire frankness, as I always do. It is
impossible to escape from him under any cir-
cumstances. [Laughter.] If by the existing
law, oil the 2d of March, 1837, the total num-
ber of persons authorized to be enlisted into
the Navy was seventy-five hundred, tlieri I say
that the true construction of the act of 1837
did not permit the increase of force by a single
man, boy or woman, or anybody else. I wish
to call the attention of my friend to the act
which that of 1837 was amendatory of. the act
of May 15, 1820. If he will show us the act of
May 15, 1820, we shall then bo able to know
whether the act of 1837 was intended to author-
ize an increase of the force of the Navy, or
only to authorize the enlistment of boys as
a part of the force that the preexisting law
authorized.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, to show
the Senator how these bays are rated and es-
teemed, what their services are, and that they
are distinguished in the service from men, I
read from the Naval Register: " Boys, first
class," rated not as men, because seamen have
twenty dollars a month and boys of the first
class have half that price. They are therefore
not men, and they do not do men's duty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the point.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is the
point; 1 am trying to satisfy the honorable
Senator that there is a distinction between men
and boys as well in the service as out of the
service. A seaman gets twenty dollars a month ;
a first-class boy but ten dollars ; a second-class
boy nine dollars ; a third-class boy only eight
dollars; so that I think it is clear that when
we speak of men in the naval service we speak
of them as contradistinguished from the boys,
who are authorized to be enlisted by the several
acts which have been referred to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me ask my friend
how that same line of argument would apply,
as ascertaining the total number that the law
authorizes, in the distinctions that exist in
the pay between seamen and ordinary seamen
and landsmen? There is a distinction in their
pay; and yet my friend would not therefore
say that a landsman was not a man.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose a
seaman is a man who has been enlisted and
served a certain number of years, and an ordi-
nary seaman is a man of less experience. But,
sir, I will not trouble the Senate. Let us have
the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment proposed
by the Committee on Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OONKL1NG. Now. this matter of the
apprentices having been disposed of, so that
Senators can no longer be beguiled into the
idea that they are interfering with the appren-
tices, 1 move to amend the second section by
striking out the word " eight" in line five and
inserting the word "seven ;" so as to make the
section read:
Sec. 2. And be it farther rnncted, That the number
of persons authorised to be enlisted in the Navy of
the United States, including seamen, ordinary sea-
men, landsmen, and mechanics and excluding ap-
prentices and boys, is herebv fixed and established
at seven thousand tive hundred, and no more : Pro-
vided, That theinimber ot apprentices and boysshall
not excecd twelve hundred and fifty.
The amendment I offer now presents pure
and simple this proposition. I think I may
say with salty that we have now fewer guns j
afloat than we had before the war, and my im- j
pression is, although I do not say that positively, j
that we. have fewer vessels afloat than we had j
before the war. The letter before me shows I
that we had in I860 about seventy 'vessels in
commission. I think the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs will bear me out in
saying that that is a greater number than we
have now, of vessels afloat, I mean. Now the
simple proposition is, having the apprentices
and boys, and fixed them where they are, be-
yond the reach of this amendment, whether
wc shall put the Navy where it was, and where
it was found to be abundantly large before the
war, or whether we shall add a thousand men
to the Navy without anybody beinc; able to
assign a reason for doing it.
Mr. President, let me state that we need not
misunderstand each other as to the facts prior
totlie war; thcNavy might have been increased
to eighty-five hundred men ; but in point of
fact the highest number that it ever touched
was seventy-six hundred for one single year,
and that with more guns afloat and more ves-
sels afloat than are afloat now. The proposi-
tion of the amendment is, having fixed the
number of apprentices and boys in a way that
is satisfactoiy to those who wish, as I wish, to
foster them, that we shall now reduce the rank
and file of the Navy to where it was prior to
the war, and where it always was with the
exception of one year, when it increased that
number by only one hundred.
Now, sir, I do not wish to dilate upon it.
We have had a great deal of talk here about
reducing expenditures, about reducing the
Army and reducing the Navy. In this bill the
House of Representatives has sent to us a sec-
tion upon which we are compelled ,to vote.
We cannot avoid it by saying it properly be-
longs on some other bill. It properly belongs
here, because it is before us ; and the naked
issue is presented whether we will vote to put
into the Navy and to keep there so many men
as were found sufficient before the war, or
whether, without any reason, we shall add to
them.
I beg to remind Senators once more that
this is to take place upon a descending scale.
There are now in the Navy eleven thousand
men, aud the point is to what number are we
to reduce, so that whatever number we fix as
the maximum will be found the number of
men actually in service, the number of months
to feed, of men to pay.
In 1857, when the number was fixed, the
existing number being smaller than that, of
course everybody understood that only so many
men would be enlisted as were found necessary
for the occasion. Here the maximum and the
actual number, owing to the circumstances,
will bo identical, because inasmuch as one thou-
sand or two thousand, as the case maybe, are
to be discharged, of course the reduction will
lie made only to the point that we fix. There-
fore, I repeat again that the only question is,
how many men, in truth and in fact, we will
pay and clothe and feed ? 1 insist upon it that
it shall bo that number which the experience
of years lias found to be sufficient, and not a
greater number for which no necessity can be
shown.
Mr. GRIMES. All I have to say in reply is
simply this: it is true, 1 think, that wo have
no more guns afloat and probably not as many
as we had before the war. Then, however,
they were all afloat on sailing vessels, and now
they are on steam vessels ; and that makes a
very material difference, m the judgment of
those who are familiar with the subject.
Mr. CONFESS. Wc have got a much more
extended commerce.
Mr. GRIMES. And we have a much more
extended commerce, as is well remarked. Our
vessels are more numerous, but they do not
carry as large an armament. We are now
obliged to keep vessels ou the coast of China
and in the ports of Japan and the eastern
archipelago, going up their rivers, and pro-
tecting the commerce of this country in that
region of the world at a greater expense than
we dirl before. That is all I have to say.
The PRESIDENTtempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Yoik.
