2250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
Mr. CONKLING. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. When the Senator from
New York was last up he argued in favor of
this amendment by assuming that whatever we
fixed as the maximum number of the men to
be employed in the Navy would certainly be
retained; and to sustain that assumption we
were told to remember that it was a declining
scale, namely, that we had now eleven thou-
sand or more men, and that when we arrived
by general regular process of reduction to eight
thousand we would stop there. I hardly think
that that is a legitimate course of reasoning.
When the law fixes a number as the maximum
number it becomes a question of public neces-
sity and public administration as to whether
the maximum shall be maintained or not.
It is proposed now that the maximum be
reduced one thousand in face of the fact that
the ships we employ require a larger number
of men, and that the region occupied by our
foreign commerce has been very much in-
creased. We have added a coast line of great
extent in the new Russian acquisitions. Jt is
suggested by some one near me that that tnay
not prove to be an acquisition. Mr. Presi-
dent, it is an acquisition. It is in our posses-
sion, and we have to keep and guard it. Our
ships now navigate the Japanese and Chinese
waters, and carry their valuable freights, worth
millions upon millions of dollars, and we must
bo represented there by not only numerous
naval ships, but powerful ones. We do not
know at what time it may be necessary to send
an addition to our Pacific and China lleets;
and yet it is proposed to fix the maximum by
law at a number that would not enable us to do
it. Surely we can have no Secretary of the
Navy who, if the maximum number shall be
fixed at eight thousand men and it should be
necessary to employ but seven thousand, would
dare to retain eight thousand. I hope, sir,
that this amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. DRAKE. There is one point that 1
should like to inquire about of the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, as it will
influence my vote on this question. Is there
any doubt at all, from actual experience, that
the number of men on a vessel propelled by
steam, necessary to man her, is greater than
the number of men required upon a vessel
of corresponding tonnage, propelled by sails
only?
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt about it;
that the number is required to be much greater,
just exactly to the extent that it is necessary to
have men to manage her engines and to furnish
her with the material that is to propel her. A
vessel of war, even in time of peace, has to be
a>perfect military organization, ready for bat-
tle at any moment; and, as the Senator very
well knows, the man who, in time of peace, is
not performing his duty when upon watch is
most severely punished, just because they do
not know at what moment they may meet an
enemy or may be compelled to encounter the
elements that may, under some circumstances,
destroy the vessel. If she be such an organi-
zation as I say, she must be equipped in her
hold as well as on her deck, ready to be pro-
pelled by steam as well as to fight the enemy
that she meets ; she must have her full comple-
ment.
Mr. DRAKE. I will make a further in-
quiry of the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and that is, whether the force
that is required on a steamer or a steam vessel
of war to manage the engines and in connec-
tion with the steam machinery is not a force
extraneous altogether to that which is required
to manage the sails of the ship?
Mr. GRIMES. Of course it is; and, Mr.
President, I wish to say further that there is
no analogy between a commercial vessel and a
war vessel in this regard. A commercial vessel,
I have no doubt, would not be compelled to
have a complete complement of men, because
she would be propelled all the time by steam.
She has not a battery to work; she has not
got to have every twelve feet sixteen men as-
signed to every gun, besides the men whose
business it is to bring powder ai d shot to the
gun or to carry the wounded men below, or to
stand by the plugs to fill up shot holes, or
buckets to put out a fire, or anything of that
sort.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure that I under-
stand the question, and I am about to inquire
of the honorable chairman of the committee
about it; although I think I do. It is proposed
to reduce the whole number to eighty-five
hundred.
Mr. GRIMES. The proposition now is to
reduce it below that, to seventy-five hundred.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, whatever may be
the number fixed—-seventy-five hundred. What
I want to know is, whether the coal-heavers
and the firemen will not be a part of that
number ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. CORP>ETT. I suggest that a vessel
under steam, performing naval service, it seems
to me, should perform more service than a
vessel under sail, and therefore it would ap-
pear that the same number of men on steam-
ships might perform as much service as the
same number of men upon sailing vessels, they
being able to make quicker time and visit more
ports. It does seem to me, if wo are going to
reduce the expenses of the Government, that
we have got to do it either in the Army or the
Navy, and therefore I feel disposed to vote
for the proposition of the Senator from New
York.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Iowa if there is any doubt
about the fact stated by the Senator from New
York, that the number of men in the Navy was
seventy-six hundred before the war ?
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am not aware that there
is any doubt about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That comes from the
official figures.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know but very little
about this matter except the information given
to us here ; but it strikes me if we could carry
on the mixed service, steam and sailing ves-
sels, before the war, on the basis of seventy-
six hundred men, we might carry on the service
at present- on the same basis.
Mr. GRIMES. But we had not the steam
service before the war. That is the trouble.
That is the point, I make.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is sufficiently an-
swered by the observation of the Senator from
Oregon, that on similar service the same num-
ber of steam vessels ought certainly to do as
effective service.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator from Oregon
had known anything about the Navy he would
not have made his suggestion. As I have said,
a naval vessel must have just as perfect a mil-
itary organization in time of peace as in lime of
war. Every man must be ready for action,
whether in the tops or by the side of his gun,
or by the side of the engine, or heaving coal.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 appreciate that; and I
admit that the coal-heavers cannot be dis-
charged.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly. Therefore, you
must admit that you must add to the number
of men you had in the service before the war,
the number of men that are now required to
heave your coal and to regulate your engines.
That number of men, as I lia\ e shown, is greater
than the difference between seventy-six hun-
dred and eighty-five hundred.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it strikes me the
argument is sufficiently clear; if you have a
thousand men, that thousand men employed
on steam vessels in the naval service are cer-
tainly as effective as a thousand men employed
in sailing vessels. It is the arm of the ser-
vice that is improved and increased and per-
fected. A thousand men still in the steam
service, doing the appropriate duties of steam
machinery, are certainly as effective as a thou-
sand men in the sailing vessels. I am in favor
of testing the question of reducing the Navy
and Army, if possible. I shall be willing to
vote for a bill to reduce the Army. I am will-
ing to reduce the number of men to the same
rate we had before the war. And let me say
another thing: we .know the Secretary of the
Navy will not reduce one man below the
amount he is compelled to do.
Mr. GRIMES. This procosition, as it now
stands, without the amendment of the Senator
from New York, compels him to reduce it four
thousand from what it now is.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator says, "Oh,
no." I happen to have official information
on that subject. It reduces it nearly four thou-
sand. The number now in service is twelve
thousand three hundred and ninety-five, ac-
cording to the report signed by Commodore
Smith, now lying on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. That includes the nine
hundred and eleven apprentices.
Mr. GRIMES. Everybody.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope Senators will let
me finish what 1 have to say. because I do not
wish to make a speech. The Senator from
Iowa admits the necessity of some legislation
to reduce the Navy, and he has provided to
reduce it to the old maximum of eighty-five
hundred. He admits the necessity of a reduc-
tion, and the necessity of a reduction by legis-
lation, and fixes the old maximum of eighty-
five hundred ; but it seems to me that, as
seventy-six hundred men were sufficient, to
maintain the honor of the Navy with sailing
vessels, the same number of men ought to be
sufficient to maintain the honor of "the Navy
with steam vessels, because while it requires
more men to run a steam vessel, yet fewer
steam vessels are required to perform the ser-
vice. As we were able under a wise and eco-
nomical administration to carry on the Navy
with seventy-six hundred men at the highest,
certainly we ought to be able to do it now,
especially as provision is made for a greater
number of apprentices and boys. Therefore,
without any knowledge except that derived
from the Senator from Iowa and the debate, I
shall vote for the lowest number, in the hope
that if any harm is done, as a matter of course
it is easier to raise the amount of the naval
force than it is to decrease it.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know that I am
as well versed in naval affairs as the gentle-
man from Iowa; and perhaps we do not have
as much of the navy in Oregon as they do in Iowa,
[laughter; ] but it does seem to me that this
is a matter of plain common sense. In sailing
vessels you must have some men to furl the
sails and manage the ship, as well as men to
place in action j and viewing the v;hole case ;
considering the more effective force in steam-
ships : reasoning as I do from steamships in
commercial business, which perform much,
more service than sailing vessels of the same
capacity, I judge that the naval forcc under
steam would perform better service than under
sail. I therefore feel disposed to sustain the
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. One word in reply to theSen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] He seems to
imagine that because we got along with seventy-
five hundred men before the war we can eet
along with that number now. If the Senator
will goto his committee-room and refer to the
old Navy Registers published before the war
he will see that, for example, on the coast of
China we used to have three or four sloops of
wai, each of which had three or four hundred
men ; and now, instead of having three or four
sloops of war on the coast of China, we have
tW? T" 618 ?rU Steamers that can run up
hose streams, that can protect our commerce
wherever it goes : and it. penetrates for several
Chini 1?" t'l cbelleve' int0 the heart of
China. Does the Senator suppose it does not
require any more men to manage six or ei"ht
steamers now on the coast of China than it
formerly took to manage three large sailing
sloops of war, that did not or, ~ n8
- aa „oi W „'V.n SZ'i %e "'SSr
merce hen as ,t is protected now? *The S'
acter of your whole Navy has changed; aUthlt
