4298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
mittee of the Whole is a departure from what
appears to be the policy of the Senate, a policy
in which generally I concur. Inasmuch as these
propositions are to go to a committee of confer-
ence, I submit to the House that the wiser way
is to offer as the judgment of the House a meas-
ure which in its general policy conforms to the
measure submitted by the Senate rather than
to offer to the Senate a measure which, in all
its substantive features, is very decidedly, if not
diametrically opposed to what appears to be
the policy of the Senate bill.
A Membek. Would you allow the Senate to
legislate for both Houses?
Mr. BOUTWELL. No, sir; I would not;
but if the judgment of this House on the whole
is that-the general policy of the Senate, not
speaking of a particular provision, is a wise
policy then we ought in good sense and in com-
mon fairness and with ordinary legislative wis-
dom to frame our bill so that it shall harmonize
as far as possible with the bill of the Senate.
There is in the bill I have submitted a prop-
osition for a sinking fund, and which I have
introduced because I consider that the act
of 1802 requires us to establish a sinking fund
whenever the means of the Government per-
mit. That time has already arrived. 1 do
not object, however, if any gentleman on the
floor desires to strike out the proposition for a
sinking fund, to submit that question to the
judgment of the House. It is no essential
part of the funding system, but I consider that
in good faith we are bound to establish a sink-
ing fund for the payment of a portion of the
public securities.
I have also provided in this bill a section
which I do consider important. We have had
in the Treasury of the United States during the
last two years from seventy to one hundred
million dollars in gold. No man in private
life would ever allow gold or any other money
to accumulate and lie without interest in the
manner that the Government of this country
bos permitted gold to remain in the Treasury.
But, sir, as a general proposition I am opposed
to the sale of gold when the gold itself is already
pledged to particular purposes. Some time
ago, and upon my motion in this House, we
gave the Secretary of the Treasury power to
anticipate the payment of interest on the pub-
lic debt. On one or two occasions that power
lias been exercised, but it never has been ex-
ercised so as to produce any considerable ben-
eficial effect either in saving interest or in
affecting the market price of gold.
The country, it seems to me, ought to be
astonished by a single fact which I am about
to state. In 1865, with $000,000,000 of pa-
per circulating medium, gold stood at about
128. We have reduced the paper circulation
to $710,000,000, a reduction of more than
$180,000,000, and gold has advanced to some-
thing like 143. 1 cannot explain the rea-
son for this in full, but I do not doubt that one
cause of theincreasedprieeof gold is the accu-
mulation of gold in the Treasury ofthe United
States. We started in 1865, 1 think, with
about thirty million dollars of gold in the Treas-
ury. We have gone on diminishing the amount
of paper in circulation and accumulating gold
in the Treasury, and the price of gold has con-
tinually advanced. If the theory is correct
which was here announced three years ago that
a decrease in the paper circulation of the coun-
try would produce a corresponding decrease in
the price of gold, gold should be to-day at
103 instead of 143. We have produced by
this process of accumulating gold in the Treas-
ury an artificial condition of things in the
country. If the General Government were to
go into the purchase of wheat or cotton and
accumulate, as I suppose we have accumulated
of gold, one fourth or one third of the entire
quantity in the country, it would not be strange
to us if cotton and wheat advanced, and it is
not strange to me that gold advances when we
are engaged in accumulating it in the public
Treasury.
• I object to the sale of gold. If we re-
quire the Secretary of the Treasury to adver-
tise that he will be ready at any time to pay
the interest on the debt next to become due,
the public creditors abating the interest on the
payments which he makes to them, there will
always be an opportunity for those who own
coupons, or those who choose to buy coupons,
to command the gold that is in the Treasury,
and at any rate the amountwhich he advertises
that he will pay upon demand is so much gold
upon the markets of the country. The differ-
ence between this proposition and the proposi-
tion to sell gold, is that we pay outgold where
it is to be paid and reliev® ourselves of interest
becoming due next October, next November,
or next January, and also improve the credit
of the country. Coupled with that is a pro-
vision prohibiting all sales of gold by the
Secretary of the Treasury. I need not make
any suggestions to this House in the way of
reasons or arguments in favor of taking from
the Secretary a power which if honestly exer-
cised can never be productive of any good
whatsoever. I will now yield to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means. I have
spoken longer than I supposed I should when
1 began.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I do not
know whether my strength to-day will enable
me to avail myself of the opportunity of speak-
ingfora very few minutes. 1 am glad, however,
that the gentleman who offered the substitute
for the bill as it comes from the Committee of
the Whole has entered into the explanation
that he has, and I desire to add only to that
explanation which he has given of the differ-
ence between his proposition and that pre-
sented by the Committee of Ways and Means
and modified by the Committee of the Whole
a general statement of a difference to which
he has not particularly adverted—a difference
which to me, however, I confess is everything.
The bill as it went to the Committee of the
Whole, as it came virtually from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, is a bill providing for
the consolidation of the public debt of the
country. The substitute offered by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell]
is not a scheme for consolidation. The bill of
the committee proposes to afford an opportu-
nity, progressing from year to year in invest-
ments for that purpose, of converting the
existing debt of the country into a long bond at
low interest, thus meeting, as I think, on the
one hand, public expectation, and putting the
credit of the Government of the United States
upon that footing which it is entitled to hold
among the Governments of the world, and
meeting, obviating, and dismissing the annoy-
ing question which arises in regard to the in-
equality in the advantages of property held by
investments of public securities free from taxa-
tion and the other property of the country. 1
do not believe there is any other way in which
that question can be so wisely and so fairly met
and disposed of and the difficulties connected
with it avoided.
Now, sir, the plan of the committee is for a
bond at forty years with a low rate of interest at
three and sixty-five hundredths, that bond to
have value given to it for purposes of invest-
ment—permanent investment in one sense it
may be said—by the length of time that it is to
run and by its being surrounded by all the securi-
ties against taxation or burden of any kind upon
the property so invested, so that the purchaser
of the bond knows precisely what his property
is, what he will be entitled to reccive, all of
which lie will receive, and subject to no deduc-
tions whatever. What is the gentleman's prop-
osition? To have three classes of bonds, one
with interest payable in coin at fifteen years at
a rate of five per cent, interest; another at
four and a half per cent, interest, to run twenty
years, and another to run twenty-five years, to
be payable abroad and at, a rale of interest the
same that is provided in the bill from the
committee, three and sixty-five hundredths.
By the very proposition which the gentleman
makes he recommends the value of giving
length to the time thai the bond has to run,
and seems to estimate that value at the rate
of one half of one per cent, variation in the
interest for five years. This would of course
have its limits. But starting from his initial
point he allows a deduction in the rate of inter-
est of one half of ono per cent, for the five
years between fifteen and twenty years ; thus
affording, in that indirect way, an argument in
favor of the long bond which the committee
proposes.
Now, my objection to all this classification
arises mainly from the fact that it is after all
but a continuance of the present system. We
have now a variety of bonds of different
classes in which investments are made, and
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
well] proposes to add three more classes to
those we novv have, some of them running
pari passu with some of the classes of bonds
now existing. His scheme is not one for con-
solidation. It is not a system by which the
public debt is to be reduced to one uniform
character as is proposed by the bill reported
from the committee. And in this, as I said at
the beginning, exists the main difference be-
tween the two plans; a difference which, in
my opinion, is vital, as affording an objection
against this multiplication of classes of bonds,
instead of resorting at once to the scheme of
consolidation.
But the gentleman objects that if you afford
an opportunity by law for the consolidation of
the whole public debt into a class of bonds all
falling due at the same time, you do not pro-
vide for meeting the obligations of the Gov-
ernment fromyearto year.; and he carried that
idea so far in the first draft of his amendment
—for I beg leave to say that this substitute he
has now offered is very different from his orig-
inal fanciful substitute—that he provided for
and extended through a number of years, re-
deeming $50,000,000 of the public debt in
each year. And so far as his last class of
bonds for $500,000,000 were concerned, they
were to begin on the thirty-sixth year, by the
redemption of $50,000 a year, arid extending
to the forty-fifth year, I think.
Now, I do not appreciate the force of the
obligation, when practically considered, that
the Government would not be able to provide
from time to time and from year to year, for
this debt as the debt might be falling due. It
is true thai by a scheme of consolidation you
propose to fund the whole debt in a bond hav-
ing a given time to run. But it does not follow
that those bonds will all be taken in the first
year, or the second year, or the third year.
But it is the initial step, the entering wedge,
subjcct to modification by subsequent legisla-
tion, providing for taking hold of the debt with
a view of giving it uniformity, and with a view
to establishing as a system of finance for the
Government hereafter, that that debt shall be
represented by bonds that shall have a long
time to run, and which shall draw but a low
rate of interest.
There is a provision, contained I think in
the eighth section of the bill as it came from
the Committee of Ways and Means—for this
was an amendment added in Committee of the
Whole on the recommendation of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means—which indicates
the policy the committee would have adopted
in regard to this matter ; that while there is
to be a consolidation of the public debt, there
shall not at the same lime be in continuance
upon the statute-book a variety of acts, under
one and the other of which the Secretary of
the Treasury or the financial officers of the
Government may be at liberty from year to
year to increase our debts in different shapes.
By this section it is provided—■
That on and after the passage of this act all
authority under any existing law to issue bond: or
interest-bearing Treasury notes, or obligations of
into iivo-iwenty bonds," &e. '
'1 he object of this was to prevent that emis-
sion oi ten-forty bonds which has been taking
place for some time past, in one instance to
the extent of 000,000, and of other bonds,
