8274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 19, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. A. I). Gillette, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND SfEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Massachusetts, in favor of the
construction of a ship-canal connecting Lakes
Erie and Ontario; which were referred to the
Committee ou Commerce.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of the
United States Express Company, praying that,
the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized
to issue to that company United States bonds
and compound-interest notes in lieu of bonds
and notes destroyed by fire on the 30th of Jan-
uary, 18G6 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
. Mr. POME ROY presented the petition of
William Pollard, late a second assistant engi-
neer United States Navy, praying to be restored
to the ranlc in the Navy from which he has
been dismissed; winch was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CATTELL. I present a memorial
numerously signed by underwriters and mer-
chants of Philadelphia, urging the importance
of the coast survey for tiie preservation and
development of the commercial wealth of the
country, and earnestly requesting that no
means be adopted to lessen the full efficiency
of that service. I understand the Committee
on Appropriations have reported on that sub-
ject, and I therefore move that the memorial
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask leave to present
the memorial of a number of insurance com-
panies, praying that Congress will, by resolu-
tion or such other action as may be proper in
the premises, declare and establish as a prin-
ciple governing the relations of the United
States with other nations at peace with this
country, but which as between themselves
may have been at war, that whenever hostili-
ties between such belligerents shall have ceased
for so long a period of time as to raise the pre-
sumption that they will not be renewed (and
which period the memorialists would suggest
should not, unless in exceptional cases, exceed
one year] the state of war shall be deemed to
be at an end, so far as the Government and
citizens of the United States are concerned,
notwithstanding the absence of any formal
treaty or declaration of peace. The memorial
sets out the evils growing out of the uncertain
state of thing existing in reference to the other
Powers, the South American republics for
example, which having had difficulties among
themselves have not come to a condition of
peace by formal treaty; and the memorialists
ask some action of Congress which will enable
our citizens to deal with those belligerents and
yet not impinge upon any obligations which they
ought to observe. I move that the memorial be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Sir. CONKLING. Ipresenta similarmemo-
rial, signed by a number of leading merchants
of the city of New York, and I move that it
take the same reference.
The motion was agreed to.
mrs. ann corcoran.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. 1 submit a report from
a committee of conference.
The report was read, as follows :
Tlio committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the iwo Houses ou the amendment to the
bill (S. No. 184) granting a pension to Mrs. Ann Cor-
coran, having met, alter i'uli and free confcrence
have agreed to recommend, iind do recommend to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of tho House, and agree to the game.
P.«. VAN WINKLE,
LYMAN 'l'lUJ.UBULL,
Manage) s oil thepurt of the Senate.
II. VAN AERNAM,
G. F. MILLER,
Managers on the part of the Home.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the
report be adopted.
Mr. MORJ.iIl.iL, of Vermont. T should like
to have the Senator from West Virginia state
what the subject is.
Mr. VAN'WIN KLE. It -is a pension bill,
and the amendment, relates simply to the date
at which the pension shall commence.
The report was concurred in.
michael 1iennessy.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. There are two other
pension bills which have been returned from
the House of Representatives with amendments,
and which are now on the table, which I should
like to ha\e acted upon. The first is Senate
bill No. 2S0.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 280) grant-
ing a pension to Michael Hennessy, of Platte
county, Missouri. The amendment was to
strike out all after the word "pensions," in
line five, and to insert, in lieu thereof " subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, commencing January 1, 18(35."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the
Senate concur in the amendment of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
GliOKOK liK.N'NHTT.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move to take
from the table Senate bill No. 425, which has
been returned from the House with an amend-
ment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
■125) granting a pension to George Bennett.
The amendment was to strike out all after the
word "pension," in line eight, and to insert in
lieu thereof " subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, commencing
April 7, 18t>:5."
^ A'i. VAN WINKLE. I make the same
fhotion in that case.
'The amendment was concurred in.
REPORTS 0L.' COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from thcCom-
nnttee on Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Sister M. Zavier and Sister De
Sales, of Charleston, South Carolina, submit-
ted a report,; winch was ordered to be printed.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Dennis Sullivan,
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the hill
(S. No. 538) in addition to an act to regulate
the times and manner of holding elections for
Senators in Congress, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was leferred the
bill (S. No. 478) to amend an act entitled "An
act for the removal of the Sisseton, Warpeton,
Medawukorit.on, and Warpekuta bands of Sioux
or Dakota Indians, and for the disposition of
their lands in Minnesota and Dakota," ap-
proved March 3, I860, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee 011 Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of William
McDonagli, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. WJLLEY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the petition of True Putney, of Washington,
District of Columbia, in relation to paving car-
riage* ways in the city of Washington, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
He also, liom the same committee, to whom
were referred the memorial of Rowland Cro-
melien, praying the right of way en any avenue
or main line of railroad in the city of Wash-
ington for the privilege of testing his patent
for an improvement in railroads; a petition
of citizens of Washington city, District of Co-
lumbia, praying for the speedy passage of a
bill rechartering that city; a petition of citizens
of the District of Columbia, praying equal
rights with other citizens of the United States,
a resolution of the Senate directing the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to inquire
whether any legislation is necessary to secure
safety and convenience of passengers on street
cars of the Metropolitan RailroadCompanv,
in Washington, District of Columbia; resolu-
tions of the common council of the city ot
Washington, Districtof Columbia, m favor ot
granting an extension of the city charter with
such amendments as inay be deemed advis-
able, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
DONATION OF IRON RAILING.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, to whom was
referred the joint, resolution (ff. It. No.
donating to the Washington City Orphan Asy_;
him the iron railing taken from the old Hall 01
the House of, Representatives, have had the
same under consideration, and directed me to
report it back without amendment and recom-
mend its passage. This railing is of no value
to us, and it may be of some value to this
orphan asylum; and if there be no objection,
I move that the resolution be taken up and
passed.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint, resolution. It proposes to donate
to the Washington City Orphan Asylum the
iron railing taken from the old Hall of the
House of Representatives, now in the Capitol
Grounds, on condition that it be taken away
in ten days after the passage of this joint res-
olution.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
evansville marine hospital.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to move to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution
(II. R. No. 44) authorizing the sale of the
marine hospital at Evansville, Indiana, was
passed yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that the resolution has gone to the
House of Representatives, and it will be neces-
sary to make a motion to request the return of
the bill from the House.
Mr. MORTON. Should that be made pre-
liminary to this motion?
^ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
The Chair will put the question on a motion
requesting the return of the joint resolution
from the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
ISRAEL T. CANBY'S SURETIES.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 428) for
the relief of the sureties of Israel T. Canbv,
late receiver of public moneys at Craw lor ds-
villc, Indiana, have had-it under consideration,
and directed me to report it back to the Senate
without amendment and recommend its pas-
sage, accompanied with a report which I ask
may be printed
'1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be printed, if there be no objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There are but three of
these sureties alive who are responsible. One
of them is a very old gentleman, and another
is very frail from sickness, and I should like
very much to have the bill passed at this ses-
sion. As it is a very clear case and a very
short bill, I should like to have it considered
now if possible. I ask that the bill be read,
and then, if there be any objection to it, I will
not insist upon it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to release the sure-
ties of Israel T. Canby, late receiver of public
moneys at the land office at Crawfordsville,
Indiana, from all^ liability arising from any
defalcation, omission, or misconduct of his as
such receiver ; and it directs the proper officers
ot the I reasury Department to dismiss any and
