1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1227
We have now a proposition from San Do-
mingo to part with a portion of her territory,
and a similar proposition from Denmark.
There are rumors also, I khow not upon what
foundation they rest, that Spain is not unwill-
ing to part with its territory in the West Indies
to this Government or some other. I know
nothing of the facts of the case; whether we
change our relations with these islands or not
is of great importance. But we should know
what changes are proposed and what are likely
to take place in season to prevent any action
that may endanger the interests of this Govern-
ment or be in contravention of the principles
it has so boldly arid constantly declared, it is
clear that the power which has so long con-
trolled this part of the continent is breaking up,
and that our action is of great importance in
view of the future destiny of those countries.
I accept with favor, therefore, the proposition
of my colleague to make the representation of
this Government as respectable and as strong
in point of rank and ability as it is possible for
us to make it, and I hope the committee will
sustain the amendment he has proposed.
Mr. BUTLER. I oppose the amendment
of my colleague. I desire, in the first place,
to answer the remarks of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks,] who says by mak-
ing a minister resilient 1 propose to increase
the expense. I have not asked to add a single
dollar to the appropriation. I have only pro-
posed to appropriate so much money for a
given number of officers by another name. I
propose, it is true, to add another officer for
the Dominican republic, and only because war
is going on down there now between Dominica
and Ilayti. I put the motion to change the
officer upon the exact ground of the present
appropriation, calling the officer a minister
resident and giving him the sum appropriated
as the commissioner would have. 1 do not op-
po:«e the sending of a minister to the Sandwich
Islands. I am only looking to correct this part
of the appropriation bill at the present mo-
ment. If the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] wants the Sandwich Islands to have
a minister resident I will talk about that when
it comes. If the exhibit made by my friend
[Mr. Washburxe, of Illinois] is correct that
country had a sovereign resident here at our
expense for a very considerable time. What
I am anxious about, and the only thing, is that
to these Powers there shall be ministers resi-
dent sent, so that tliey can send back to us min-
isters resident according to the well recognized
courtesy among nations. I trust this amend-
ment will prevail.
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. HOLM AN. I rise to a point of order.
The amendment pending is an alteration of
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The objection is raised
too lato.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
a division of the amendment. I am in favor
of the first proposition to substitute "minis-
ters resident" for "commissioners," but op-
posed to the increase of the appropriation for
salaries.
The question being taken on the first part of
the amendment, it was agreed to.
Air. BROOKS. I move to amend by insert-
ing after "'Liberia" " Bologna, Italy." Ihope,
sir, it will never go forth to the country that
this House to-day has refused to send a minis-
ter resident to the representative of a hundred
million Catholics from any feeling of passion,
while from an adoration ot the negro, or wor-
ship of the colored race, it proposes to send a
minister resident to a little end ot an island
where there are not so many white people as
there are in-the factories in the city of Lowell
or Lawrence, from which the honorable gen-
tleman who has offered this amendment [Mr.
Butleh] comes. There are more white peo-
ple in Lawrence or Lowell than there are in
this tip-end of the island of San Domingo,
aggrandized and dignified by the name of
"republic of Dominica." I hope it will go
forth to the country that the gentleman from
Massachusetts this day has voted against the
representation of this country in Rome, while
he proposes because there is a colored race in
Dominica that we shall be represented there.
He votes to deprive us of a repressntative in
the imperial capital of the world, while at this
-illiputian. almost unknown republic of
j^psMiica, because it is a colored people, he
panoses to have a representative of the Uni-
tea States dignified with the name of " minis-
ter resident 1"
Mr. BUTLER. I trust the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] will permit every
other gentleman in the House to furnish his
own motives for his own votes. I voted against
sending a minister to Rome because she has
ceased to be a temporal power, and not because
she is a Catholic power.
Mr. PRUYN. That is not so.
Mr. BUTLER. The Pope has now no tem-
poral power, and I am opposed to sending any
minister to an ecclesiastical court. That is the
ground 1 put it on, and no other. I have
nothing to do with the "imperial city of
Rome." She no longer holds sway in Italy.
When he asks me to send a representative to a
Government in Italy established by Garibaldi,
whether it is Catholic or Protestant, I will be
there to respond. But I am glad that a change
has come over the spirit of the gentleman's
dream. 1 am glad to see the Know-Nothing;
I am glad to see the Catholic church-burner;
1 am glad to see the man who represents those
who murdered in the name of Know-Nothing-
ism the orphan children of Catholics and
sacked convents in Massachusetts ; I am glad
to see him in favor of the holy imperial city of
Rome. [Laughter,]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw my amendment,
and move to insert "the city of Term, in the
Papal dominions."
Mr. Chairman, if the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts and I had ever been asso-
ciated together in any sphere of political life
whatsoever, if instead of consorting with oth-
ers he had consorted with me, he would have
known that I never was a Know-Nothing, that
I was in no Know-Nothing association what-
soever, and in no Know-Nothing organization.
He is indebted to his invention in order to in-
dulge in his rhetoric, and the power and force
of that rhetoric lies altogether in his capacity
to invent—not even to discover.
The gentleman is mistaken in me and in all
my associations, and though he may have been
connected with the burning down of convents
in Massachusetts—he or his people—it has
never had any sympathy in my heart; and on
all occasions and at all times, in public and
in private, as every gentleman in New ^York
knows, I have been opposed to the Know-
Notliing organization, If the gentleman had
been on the floor of the House he would not
have repeated it, for he would have, heard me
deny it once before. While the gentleman
was consorting with Jeff. Davis and voting
some forty or fifty times to make him Presi-
dent of the United States, I was in the Whig
organization and only in that organization^and
in no other organization whatsoever. While
he was consorting with those whom he often
denounces as rebels at the South, in close com-
pact and association with them, hand to hand,
heart to heart, laying the train which was to
blow up this Republic, laying the foundations
of civil war, organizing treason and the shed-
ding of each other's blood, I was in opposition
to him and all those who were associated with
him.
My record Is clear; his is stained with trea-
son and with blood throughout. _ I have had
nothing of his companionship until he became
a leader of those on the other side who are now
laughing at his invention and his wit. Those
upon that side of the House who are now most
distinguished as the leaders of that party, are
those whom the Democracy have ejected from
their association and their bosom as unfit to i
associate with them. He has become the leader 11
of others when none on this side would consort
with him. [Applause on the floor and in the
galleries, promptly checked by the Chairman.]
Mr. BUTLER. It is quite true, Mr. Chair-
man, that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] and myself never were associated in
any political party. When I went out of the
Democratic party because of its corruption and
treason he came into it. When I repented of
going any further in the line in which my party
obligations seemed to carry me, when Port Sum-
ter was fired upon, and therefore left the Dem-
ocratic party, it then became the party of treason
and scooped up those who now sympathize with
it, as does the gentleman from Now York, [Mr.
Brooks.] He says truly that I then left the
Democratic party, and that is all 1 have to say
upon any matter personal to myself.
The gentleman says he never was a "Know-
Nothing." I only know what were the utter-
ances of the New York Express, which I sup-
posed were his utterances; and if he was not
a "Know-Nothing," then the New York Ex-
press cheated the " Know-Nothing" party dur-
ing its entire existence. [Laughter.] They sup-
posed that paper spoke as its editors thought:
they believed it represented its editors' opin-
ions ; they understood it to be an organ of that
party. I opposed "Know-Nothingism" then;
I oppose it now. I oppose anything of illib-
erally, injustice, and unfairness in legislation,
and wherever it is to be found. Now, for the
first and last time to deal with this question of
leaving the Democratic party. Sir, I never yet
repented, nor had cause to repent, of anything
I did in the Democratic party. When that party
became the party of treason, as I said before,
I left it. I stood in that party firmly for the
Union, as I understood, while I was in it. I
voted 
Mr. PRUYN. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. PRUYN. My point of order is this:
any personal differences between the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] and
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
they may settle as they please; but the gentle-
man has no right to turn around here and call
the Democratic party traitors.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
proceed.
Mr. BUTLER. I was about saying 
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. MUNGEN. The gentleman says the
Democratic party is a party of treason and he
left it for that reason.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. IIIGBY. Let him tell the truth.
Mr. MUNGEN. My point of order is this:
he says the Democratic party is a party of
treason. I want him to understand that I
belong to that party, and I will not stand any
such language. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] had applied those
remarks to any one on this floor in particular
the Chair would have ruled them to be out of
order; but as they are applied to a party gen-
erally the Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. BUTLER. I was about saying that
when the Democratic party became a party of
traitors I left it, because I did not any longer
support its doctrines. When it became the
party of treason these old line hacks, these old
Whigs, came into it, because it suited them.
And from that time to this these men—who were
first Whigs, then "Know-Nothings," and then
Whigs again ; these men, who were first aboli-
tionists, then Whigs, then "Know-Nothings,''
and then back again—became Democrats. T hen
brains went out and treason came into the
Democratic party. [Great, laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Unless by
unanimous consent debate can be closed on
the pending paragraph. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
closing debate on the pending paragraph 1
