1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3275
all suits and actions that may have been insti-
tuted against the sureties, and to enter the
proper discharges on the books of tlie Depart-
ment.
Mr. HENDRTCKS. I will say to the Sen-
ate that in 1829 Mr. Canby was appointed
receiver at the land office at Crawfordsville,
Indiana. In 1831, nearly forty years ago, there
was a default. His bond was then a good one.
A number of responsible gentlemen were upon
it. In settling that default the Government,
through the district attorney, took a large quan-
tity of lands, and sold and otherwise disposed
of those lands from time to time, and some
bonds and some money. The Government
considered the securities so good that they
returned to Mr. Canby a large amount of lands
in the State of Illinois. How those Isolds were
disposed of can never be very well'ascertained.
The returns in the Treasury are very unsatis-
factory. But it has gone on now about forty
years, and there are only three sureties left
who are responsible—Mr. Stevens, Mr. Palmer,
who is a very old man, and Mr. Michael G.
Bright, who is very frail and confined to his
bed, and it will be a verj' great hardship to
embarrass them with litigation about it. The
security was ample at the time it was given
into the charge of the district attorney; but it
passed from one district attorney to another,
so that it is impossible to say just how it does
stand in the Department. The committee has
made this report entirely from statements
derived from the Department, and I ask the
passage of the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. How much does the Gov-
ernment hold against these men?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot say. One
estimate would be about three thousand dol-
lars, while the interest, perhaps, would bring
it np to ten or eleven thousand dollars. These
sureties claim that the amount of assets placed
in the hands of the district attorney, under
a compromise with Mr. Canby, were several
thousand dollars beyond the amount of the
default. I wish to say that the last clause
of the bill is not necessary. I thought a suit
had been commenced, but the Department was
simply preparing to bring a suit. Since the
bill was introduced I received a letter from the
gentleman in the Department having charge
of the matter to know what action would prob-
ably be taken by Congress, so that he might
decide whether to institute a suit, and I told
him of the pendency of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is therea written report?
Mr. HENDPJCKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it printed?
Mr. HENDIUCKS. No, sir; it was just
made this morning.
Air. EDMUNDS. I think the hill had better
go over until to-morrow, so that the report can
be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Unless we get this bill
through very soon it cannot pass the other
House, and two of these gentlemen are very
frail.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They probably will not
die before to-morrow. We ought to see the
report of the committee in print, so as to know
the grounds on which it proceeds.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have stated them
correctly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not doubt the Sena-
tor's statement, but it is impossible from merely
listening here to understand how the case really
stands. This relieving of sureties is rather a
dangerous business. I move that the bill be
postponed until to-morrow, and that the report
be printed. I shall probably have no objection
to it on examination, but 1 desire to see the
report.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMER0Y asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 000) to transfer the Indian Bureau and
Indian affairs from the Interior Department
to the War Department; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I have provided in this
bill that the bureau for the War Department
known as the Freedmen's Bureau shall take
charge of Indian affairs. We have provided
that that bureau shall cease its operations in
the States of t-lie South as fast as they are re-
stored intQ the Union. 1 think a measure of
this kind at least should be considered by the
committee, and perhaps by the Senate. I
move that it be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 561) to incorporate the Citizens' Gas
Company of the District of Columbia ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 5C2) for the relief of the United States
Express Company; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 151) to drop from the
rolls of the Army certain officers absent with-
out authority from their commands; which
was read twice by its title, and deferred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
NAVAL REGISTER.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
lie\n!md, That one thousand copies of the Navy
Register ior 18(58 be printed for theuse of the Senate.
ARMY REGISTER.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Revolved, That two thousand copies of the Army
Register for 1868 be printed tor the use of the Senate.
•TOIIN V. MASCIIKlt's PATENT.
Mr. CATTELL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of a little bill in-
troduced by me, which has been reported by
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office
with an amendment. It is Senate bill No. 2'to.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (8.
No. 295) for the relief of Eliza Mascher, widow
of John P. Mascher, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office proposed to
amend the bill by striking out all after the
enacting clause and inserting the following :
That Eliza Mascher, administratrix of John F.
Mascher, deceased, w'ho obtained a patent No. 9611.
for an improvement in daguerreotype cases, dated
the8thof March, 1853, with additional improvement,
No. lot, annexed to said original patent, dated 19th
of February, 1856. for fourteen years, which expired
on the 8th day of March, 1807. be authorised to apply
to the Commissioner of Patents for the extension of
said patent for seven years, under the regulations
now m force for the extension of patents, as if she
had made application previous to its expiration, us
required by law: and the Commissioner of Patents
is directed to investigate and decide tho application
for extension on the sam~ evidence and m the same
manner as other applications for extension are de-
cided: Provided, That tho application for extension
be made within thirty days aucr appioval of this
act, and the decision of the Commission or be rendered
within ninety days from the filing of said application
in the Patent Office: And provided further, Thatnoth-
ing herein shall be so construed as to hold responsible
in damages any person who may have manufactured
or used the daguerreotype cases, with the improve-
ment and addition aforesaid, or used eases contain-
ing the imp] ovement and addition aforesaid, between
tlie expiration of the patentand the approval of tins
act: And provided also, That tho Commissioner shall
be satisfied before granting such extension that it
wilt insure entirely to the benefit of the said Eliza
Mascher.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
UMATILLA INDIAN RESERVATION.
Mr. CORBETT. I move that the' Senate
take up Senate bill No. 215, which was reported
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
afterward recommitted.
The motion was agreed to; aiid the Sehate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 215) to vacate
and sell the Umatilla reservation in the State
"of Oregon.
The bill, on being recommitted to t'he Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, was reported with an
amendment to strike out all after the enacting
clause and insert the following:
That the superintendent of Indian affaire for tho
State of Oregon is hereby authorized and directed,
it practicable, to negotiate a treaty with the Indians
now living on the Umatilla reservation in said State,
providing for the relinquishment by said Indians to
the United States of their right and claim to said
-reservation, and for their removal to some other res-
ervation to be selected in said State or in the Terri-
tory of Washington, and to be- described in said
.treaty, and the sum of $2,000 is hereby appropriated
for the purpose of defraying the expenses of nego-
tiating said treaty.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That provision
shall be made in said treaty securing to said Indians
the full value of.fcheir lands, together with the value'
of all improvements thereon, and no part of said
lands shall be sold for less than $1 25 per aero.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting in line nine of the
first section after the word "reservation," the
words "or reservations so that the Indians
may be divided, a part put upon a reservation
in Washington Territory, and a partupo'n a res-
ervation in the State of Oregon, if it shall be
necessary.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.  
EXPORTERS OF DISTILLED SPIRITS.
Mr. MORGAN. I move now to take up
House bill No. 764, which failed yesterday,
and on which a motion to reconsider was
entered.
The.motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the motion of Mr.
Spb.vgue, to reconsider the vote by which the
bill (H. R. No. 764) for the relief of certain
exporters of distilled spirits was rejected.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for inform-
mation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read as it now stands amended.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That the act of January 11,1868, entitled "An act
to prevent frauds in the collection of tax on distilled
spiiits," be so construed as to permit rum, which, at
tlie date of the passage of said act, was already dis-
tilled or redistilled and intended for export, and
actually contracted for to be delivered for exporta-
tion, to be withdrawn, removed, and exported from
the United States under such transportation and ex-
port bonds and regulations as wero required therefor
immediately prior to the passage of said act, and as
shall be piovidcd for hereafter: Provided, That all
such spirits shall be actually exported within sixty
duvsfioni the passage of this act; and that betovo
any such exportation shall be permitted, pioot in
writing shall be furnished by sworn evidence, to the
satisfaction of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
that such liquor was in fact at the date mentioned
intended for expuit, and distilled or redistilled lor
that purpose or actually contracted for to be -<> ex-
ported. And upon failure to so export the same
within said sixtj days the tax thereon shall become
due and payable, and the bonds given for the trans-
portation and export thereof shall be forfeited and
collected as in case of such bonds not canceled
accord!nj? to law,
Mr. SHERMAN. The word " liquor " in
the proviso ought to be stricken out and the
word " rum " substituted.
Mr. COLE. I would rather oppose this
suggestion, for a very good reason which 1 can
state. I suppose the bill ought to include
whisky as well as rum.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that we have already stricken out alcohol,
so that the bill is now confined to ruin, and
the latter clause of the bill ought to" conform
to the" first.
Mr. COLE. It seema to me that that would
