4300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
that we might not pay these bonds in green-
backs, in the same act it does appear that we
shall never issue more than $400,000,000 of
greenbacks.
Mr. PIKE. If the gentleman will allow me,
the act of 1802 does not so provide.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I mean the act of 1864.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOUTVVELL. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. RANDALL. There has been no oppor-
tunity for this side to say a word.
NAVIGATION OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. DONNELLY submitted the following
privileged report:
The committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill of tho House
(No. 554) making a grant of land to aid the State of
Minnesota in the improvement of the navigation of
theMississippi river, after full and free conference,
havo agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses as follows:
.That the Senate reoede from its amendment to said
biU" ALEXANDER RAMSEY,
JAMES UARLAN,
C. A. BUCKALEW.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
T. DONNELLY,
h. W. ROSS,
HORACE MAYNARD.
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. ARNELL. Will it be in order to move
to lay the whole bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. The Senate having agreed
to recede from its amendment the bill is now
passed, as both branches have concurred in
the remainder of the bill. Therefore the mo-
tion to lay it on the table cannot be enter-
tained. There is no formal action required
on the report. The bill is passed.
FUNDING 'HIE NATIONAL DEBT.
The House resumed the consideration of the
funding bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman
from Massachusetts now yield to me ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman from
AViseonsin will understand that I have no
further control of the time. I think at this
period of the session, and after all the debate
that has been had on the funding bill, it would
not be proper for me at least to open the sub-
ject for debate. I suppose if the previous
question shall be sustained under the rules the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] will have
an hour for debate. What will be his pleasure
I cannot say.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question oidered.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck] is now entitled to the floor for
one hour to close the debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldbidge] what
time he desires.
Mr. PIKE. I hope he will answer my ques-
tion.
I only want four or five
I yield the gentleman five
I would like to have a
I will yield to the gentle-
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK.
minutes.
Mr. RANDALL.
few minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK.
man afterward.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think I answered the
question of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Pike] most emphatically.
Mr. PIKE. That question was——
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
hold still a minute, I will state both his position
and mine as I understand it. I asked the gen-
tleman from Maine whether he was in favor
of paying off the principal of the five-twenties
now due in greenbacks. The gentleman says
he is in favor of paying them in greenbacks,
but that we have not greenbacks to pay them.
I think that is the position of the gentleman
from Maine. Now, then, the debt is due.
Mr. PIKE. I asked you the question  
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Not quite yet. _ If the
gentleman pleases, he will hold himself in re-
serve for a minute. The debt is due; pay-
ment may be made, aud we have not, accord-
ing to the gentleman from Maine, greenbacks
to pay it. I suppose, therefore, he would pay
the debt in gold.
Mr. PIKE. We have not the gold.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Now, I ask the gentle-
man from Maine, and he may answer me if he
will do it without much circumlocution, whether
we have gold to pay that debt, and whether we
could now pay that debt any better in gold than
in greenbacks.
Sir. PIKE. We shall have about thirty-ei^ht
million dollars of gold left in the Treasury after
paying for Alaska, and there is $500,000,000
of five-twenty bonds redeemable.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then it must appear to
everybody that to pay in gold is an impossibil-
ity. Now, there was a time some years ago
when there was large indebtedness between
individual citizens of the country, and Con-
gress, of which thegentleman from Maine was
then a component part, passed a law making
greenbacks a legal tender in payment of all
debts, excepting in certain specified cases—
payment of customs duties, &c.—which are
upon the back of the greenback itself. The
gentleman and his party charge that if we
undertake to pay that debt as they required
citizen to pay citizen we are attempting repu-
diation, or acting in the way of repudiation.
Mr. PIKE. I do not charge that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman does not
charge it. That may, perhaps, quiet some of
the political papers or tho country that are
constantly charging upon the Democratic party
that they are in favor of repudiation because
they are in favor of paying precisely according
to their agreement. Now, I do say, and gen-
tlemen may make what they can of it, that
that law when it was passed and took cffcct
was to a certain extent a law by which a con-
siderable amount of the indebtedness of this
country was actually repudiated, and I charge
repudiation upon the gentleman and his party
in the passage of that act, and you may make
the most of it. It did repudiate. Everyman
who owed a debt paid less than he had agreed
to pay because he paid in a depreciated cur-
rency. The party who are now so sensitive on
the subject of repudiation and charge that we
are in favor of repudiation then passed a law
by which alarge proportion of the indebtedness
of this country was actually repudiated.
Mr. PIKE. Now, will the gentleman answer
my question?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I say to the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Pike] that if we have not
enough greenbacks to pay the five-twenty bonds
now due, just withdraw the national bank cur-
rency, for which you are paying daily a pre-
mium, and supply its place with greenbacks,
and pay so much of the debt as that difference
will he.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman allow me a
moment?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am told that is repu-
diation. Now, I think the gentleman from
Maine will agree that I have answered his
question.
Mr. PIKE. Will tho gentleman now answer
a question ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No; I would rather the
gentleman would answer the question I put to
him, and I will give him the opportunity.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eujridoe] says it is 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, no; answer the
question.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman said he would
take $800,000,000 of tho banking currency of
the country from circulation, and pay out for
it §300,000,000 of greenbacks. I then asked
him, having done that, how he is going to pay
the national debt with the same greenbacks
which he pays to the banks?
Mf. ELDRIDGE. We take up $300,000,000
of bonds in that way.
Mr. PIKE. No, sir. How far ahead is he
after he has paid §300,000,000 of greenbacks
to the banks ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Schenck] will allow the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] time to answer
my question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will extend the gentle-
man's time five minutes longer, as he has been
interrupted so much.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. All I want to get is an
answer from the gentleman from Maine, if I
can extract one from him, to the question I
put to him.
Mr. PIKE. What is the question ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is the gentleman in favor
of paying off the five-twenties now due in
greenbacks or in gold ?
Mr. PIKE. There are none of those bonds
now due. If there were any of them due,
and we had a surplus of greenbacks in the
Treasury, to the extent of that surplus I main-
tain that the Government has a right to pay
them in that way. Those greenbacks are a
legal tender and " lawful money," and to that
extent the Government has a right to pay its
debts in greenbacks.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.. The right of the Gov-
ernment to do so I have no doubt of.
Mr. PIKE. And then and thereafter it is
the policy of this Government to redeem every
greenback it has issued by paying dollar for
dollar in gold for it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. When will that time
come?
Mr. PIKE. I am trying every day to hasten
that time. I tried the other day to bring the
gentleman and his party up to the position of
allowing the people of this country to make
contracts payable in gold ; but I cannot bring
them up to it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I must resume the floor
now. In regard to the right of the people of
this country to make contracts payable in gold,
I expressed my views at length the other even-
ing; I took nearly five minutes to do so. I
now assert what in substance I asserted then,
that we have the right to pay off our debt ex-
actly as we have agreed to pay it, and that we
are under no obligation to pay it in any other
way; and that it is no repudiation to pay it as
we have agreed to pay it, I do not care whether
the debtor thereby gets ten cents or one hun-
dred cents on the dollar.
Now, if I understand the platform of the
gentlemen upon the other side of this House,
although I admit it is somewhat ambiguous
and susceptible of two or three constructions,
yet if it means anything in the view the gen-
tleman from Maine has expressed, it means
simply this: we have the right to pay our debts,
the five-twenties as they are called, in green-
backs to-day or whenever they shall fall due.
The only objection the gentleman from Maine
makeB to that is that we have not the green-
backs to pay. When the debt becomes due
we are certainly under obligation to pay it;
and being under obligation to pay it, we must
either pay in the lawful money of the country,
as it is now denominated, which means green-
backs, or we must pay in gold ; and the gen-
tleman tells us that we cannot pay in gold, be-
cause there is not gold enough in the country
for that purpose. Now, I ask whether there
are any more greenbacks in the country than
there is ot gold. If there is any force in the
gentleman's argument that we cannot pay the
debt of the country in greenbacks, because
there are not enough greenbacks to pay it,
then I ask how are we to accomplish the pay-
ment of the debt in gold, when there is less
the country than there are greenbacks?
A &enkleman will tell us how we can pay
gold under such circumstances I shall be very
glad to hear him.
Mr. PIKE. I will answer the gentleman ;
and I trust that then he will answer my ques-
tion. I suppose, Mr. Speaker, that the debt
is to be paid gradually, if at all.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes; I guess that is so.
Mr. PIKE. I have no doubt of it. Wehave
no real surplus in the Treasury now ; for we
nave floating obligations to meet which will
require every dollar now in the Treasury that
can be spared; and this money should be
