3278
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
operate very much against a certain trade which
has spruug up on the Pacific coast. \Vithin
three or four years past quite a considerable
trade has sprung up between San Francisco
and the mouth of the Amoor river. The prin-
cipal article in which this trade consists is
whisky; and, as I am well informed, some
forty thousand gallons were contracted for
prior to the passage of the law of the 11th of
January last. It has been manufactured since
that time; but the bill that was then passed
interfered with its exportation, thq.s breaking
up that trade which is a growing trade and
likely to be valuable to the country. If this
one article of that trade is stricken out we
destroy the trade; the trade itself will proba-
bly be broken up. Tlie merchants engaged
in it cannot carry on the trade unless this
article is-included. Now, if this bill is to be
passed relieving any parties from the operation
of the act of the 11th of January, I think it
should be so broad as to include those persons
who entered into contracts for the exportation
of this liquor.
I will state further that there is no probabil-
ity of any fraud being practiced,on that coast.
There has not been at any time any charge of
fraud in connection with the whisky trade on
that coast. I do not know what liability there
may be to fraud on the Atlantic coast; but if
there should be some little liability here, it
will only be a liability that must exist very
generally at present.
I ask. therefore, for the reason I first stated,
that the bill be so amended as to allow the
exportation of whisky. It is only for the accom-
modation of this one trade, this new commerce
which is springing up between our coast and
the Amoor river, which will in a few years
become a very extensive and valuable branch
of commerce. I hope that thai will not be
excluded from this bill, and that the merchants
who have made contracts there will not be cut
oil' entirely by the use of the word "rum"
instead of the word "spirits" or "liquor,"
which was originally in the bill.
Mr. MORIlfLL, of Vermont. I ask my
friend from California if he had not better wait
until the bill which the Committee of Ways and
Means are now preparing comes up. it will
provide for the trade to which he alludes. 1
presume that bill will be before us in the course
of a week or ten days.
Mr. COLK. The suggestion would be forci-
ble it'it were not for a singular circumstance.
These supplies must be put into the Russian
possessions at the mouth of the Amoor river
early in the season, and it is very important
thai this restriction be removed speedily; else
the whole trade for this entire season will be
utterly broken up. If they are not allowed to
export this whisky immediately, or very soon,
it will be altogether too late for the season,
and the trade will be broken up, and will go
into the hands of the other countries. That is
the reason why, as I believe, this should be
included now; there should be no delay.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator reduce
his motion to form ?
Mr. COLE. It is not necessary 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on striking out the word "liquor"
and inserting "rum."
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that is a
merely verbal question.
The PRESlDENTjpro tempore. It is merely
to make the bill consistent with itself.
Mr. COLE. If the bill needs other amend-
ments to make it broad enough to accommo-
date this particular trade, I move to amend it
in that lespect by inserting after the word
"rum" 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
in order to amend the bill now, except in some
verbal respect by common consent, because it
has been read the third time, and the question
is on its passage.
Mr. STEWART. The third reading can be
reconsiib red.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to ray friend from
California whether he had not better wait for
the other hill. There is an urgent necessity
for the passage of the present bill. There are
considerable interests that are now in jeopardy
from this delay, and if the Senator presses his
proposition on this bill I fear he may endanger
the whole.
Mr. COLE. It may be a matter of necessity
and urgency on, the part of manufacturers of
rum in Massachusetts ; but it is a matter of
equal necessity and urgency on the part of those
gentlemen who are manufacturing whisky in
California. They do not manufacture rum
there, but whisky to supply this particular trade.
I assure Senators that these contracts had been
entered into before the law of January 11
was passed. To enforce that law against them
will result in very great disadvantage to those
persons who have engaged in the trade and
entered into these contracts. I do not wish to
jeopardize the passage of the bill; but time is
certainly all-important so far as these contracts
in San Francisco are concerned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to strike out the word
"liquor" and insert, "rum," to make the bill
consistent with itself. That amendment can
bo made by common consent. The Chair hears
no objection, and it is made.
Mr. COLE. Nowl move to insert the words
" and whisky " after the word "rum" where
ever it occurs,
ThePRESIDENTprotempore. Themotion
is not in order, inasmuch as the bill been
read the third time.
Mr. COLE. If the amendment I have sug-
gested cannot be made by unanimous consent,
I will move to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was ordered to a third reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion to reconsider
involves the question whether we shall repeal
the act of January last, because, as a matter
of course, if you allow the exportation of rum
and whisky under rules and regulations now
provided or hereafter to be provided, it is a
repeal of the act of January last, no more, no
less. That act was intended to prevent the
exportation of whisky and prevent its being
moved from distillery to distillery, and lias
stopped off certain frauds, so that there are
now held in Governmentwarehouses something
like twenty or thirty million gallons of whisky.
The Senators from New England have rep-
resfented that a trade to a small amount in New
England rum is still carried on with Africa,
and they have made pretty strong appeals all
around the Senate, as t see, to relieve that
trade at this particular season. For myself, I
think it wrong to pass the bill, even limited to
rum, and I shall vote against it in any form in
which it is put. But certainly the proposition
of the Senator from Calilornia will open wide
the door to fraud in regard to all whisky now
on hand, ltis utterly idle to attempt to restrain
fiauds in whisky if you allow the exportation
of it, in the face of the repeated cases that have
occurred in this country of fraudulent export-
ations at New York and elsewhere. Merely
because they are carrying on a small trade
between San Francisco and the Amoor river
is no reason why we should endanger the reve-
nue from the vast hulk of spirits now held in
the warehouses of the country. It is a very
delicate subject to interfere with, and I trust
Senators will avoid anything like changes on
a subject of this kind without the most careful
consideration.
Mr. COLE. I.do not understand that this
repeals the law of the 11th of January any fur-
ther than as it may apply to contracts made
prior to that time for the exportation of liquor.
It does not repeal the law ; it leaves it as it is
except as it applies to those particular con-
tracts then entered into. It is for the sole pur-
pose of relieving persons who make those con-
tracts from the dilemma in which they were
placed by ,tbe passage of that law after they
bad made their contracts. I cannot see how
it will jeopardize the success of the bill if the
word " whisky " is included with " rum and
I therefore move the reconsideiation.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 was opposed to this bill
in its original form, and when it was under
consideration at a prior day I made some objec-
tions to its passage ; and I shall now oppose
its passage if whisky is insertedm the bill,
though I am wjlling, under existing e 'cam"
stances and upon the information that 1 have
received, to vote for the bill if its operations
are confined to contracts made for the exporta-
tion of rum. I should be very willing to so
amend this bill as to accommodate thepaxticu-
lar traffic to which the Senator from California
refers; but he must see that if the word
" whisky" is inseried in this bill it opens wide
the door to the commission of fraud every-
where in the United States, and it allows those
frauds to be committed in all the States every-
where, and in undertaking to benefit that par-
ticular interest, or that particular trade, we
break down all restrictions upon the whisky
traffic, and enable persons who are so disposed
to evade the revenue laws of the country_
I was informed, when this bill stood in its
original shape, that there were persons in Cin-
cinnati and elsewhere in the large cities of the
country, with hundreds of barrels of whisky,
who were ready to avail themselves of the pro-
visions of this bill by defrauding the revenue,
as this enabled them to transport thewhisky
under pretense that it was for exportation. It
is under that system that the great frauds, or
many of them, have been committed, and it
was found necessary to repeal absolutely the
law allowing bonds for transportation to bo
given so far as whisky was concerned.
It is represented that there is rum in the
New England States, which is an article exclu-
sively manufactured there, 1 believe, for which
contracts were made prior to the passage of
the act to wtoich this bill refers, and this simply
allows those persons who contracted to sell
that rum to send it out of the country by giving
transportation bonds. It is a fact, also, that
there has been no fraud, or at least few, if
any, frauds committed upon the revenue in the
exportation of rum ; but all the great frauds
have grown up out of the whisky traffic, and
if we insert "whisky" in this bill we simply
open up transactions which we have under-
taken to prevent by the act of 11th of January,
to which this bill refers.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote by which the
bill was. ordered to a third reading.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Oregon
[Mr. Williams] has very correctly stated this
case ; aud I must say that I hope the bill will
not be opened to amendment. I do not mean
to express any opinion on the question raised
by the Senator from California ; but I do think
that this present bill had better be kept by
itself without any embarrassment from the
larger question of whisky; you cannot name
the word without embarrassment.
Now, this bill meets a specific ease. There
is a well known commerce, being the com-
merce with Africa, which at this moment cen-
ters in all parts of Boston and Salem. There
is also a little of it in Providence, but its main
home on this side of the water is in Boston
and Salem. An essential element of that
commerce is the New England rum. I am
soiry to say so, but so it is ; without that the
commerce must fail. I understand thai at this
moment there are several vessels that for
months have been lying idle in the harbor of
Boston, and there is one also in the harbor of
Salem waiting for this act of justice on the
part of Congress, so that they may export this
article in pursuance of the contracts which
they had actually made before the act of Con-
gressin January last.
This bill is simple: it is precise ; it applies
to that single case ; it relieves a commerce that
stands by itself, and it. affects the distillers mid
also the ship-owners, both of whom must suffer
largely without this relief.
I do hope that the bill will not be embar-
rassed by any extraneous question. The oar-
ties who are to be benefited by this bill*are
entirely blameless; they have never fallen under
any suspicion of fraud or of fraudulent attempt
