1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1229
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from tlie Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House that
the Senate had agreed to the amendment of
tlie House to the bill (H. R. No. 127) in rela-
tion to additional bounty.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 253) for the
relief of William H. Murphy, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
RIGHTS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS ABROAD.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of offering the following
preamble and resolutions, which I send to the
desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas the principles which underlie the founda-
tion of the American Republic, as an independent
nation, recognize "the right of all men to lite, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness;" and whereas the
duties of allegiance and protection being reciprocal,
the Government of the United States are bound to
protect this right equally in the persons of all citi-
zens, whether native or naturalized: and whereas all
judicial opinions or pretended judicial opinions to
the contrary notwithstanding, this is, and has always
been, the fundamental law of this country, and one
which the President and all other authorities of the
country are, and always were, bound to enforce;
and whereas the right of all American citizens to
equal protection has been, or is reported to have
been, lately violated in frequent instances by certain
foreign Governments, especially by those of Great
Britain and Prussia: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of .the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That this ri-xht to equal protection of per-
son and property, on the part of all citizens of the.
United States, is now, as it has always been, and shall
forever be, the law of this country.. .
2. That in every instance, ascertained in the man-
ner hereinafter prescribed, of the violation of the
rights of an American citizen, by any foreign Govern-
ment whatever, it shall be the duty of the Executive
of the United States to demand the instant release
of such citizen, with adequate reparation for the
insult and injury sustained by him; or, on failing
to obtain such release and reparation, the .Executive
shall immediately report the facts to Congress, by
and with whose advice and authority he shall em-
ploy all the power of the country to maintain its
honor and the rights of its citizens. . .
3. That in every instance, either at present existing
or which may hereafter occur, of the arrestor impris-
onment of an American citizen in any foreign coun-
try, it shall bo the duty of the President, or of his
representative in such foreign country, to demand
a certified copy of the charge laid against such citi-
zen, to require that he be brought to trial within ten
days after his arrest, to secure to him the benefit of
an impartial jury, with the necessary legal assist-
ance; and in case of the refusal or delay of such trial,
or, on its being had, of the acquittal of the accused,
it shall be the duty of the President to demand his
instant release, or to employ the whole power of the
country to enforce it.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular-
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, a vote must be taken on suspending
the rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and_ thereupon
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees: ,
By Mr. BO UTWELL : The petition of Rich-
ard Kitson and others, and of C. H. Weston
and others, of Lowell, Massachusetts, in refer-
ence to taxation and expenditures.
By Mr. CHILCOTT: The petition of J. F.
Gardner and 300 others, asking the establish-
ment of certain mail routes in the Territory
of Colorado. , .
Also, the petition from citizens ot Colorado
Territory, asking an additional land district m
said Territory.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio: The petition
of W. R. Van Winkle, of New Vienna, Ohio,
asking for pay for services as second lieutenant
in the Army. „
By Mr. COBB: The petition of Amos Devoe,
of Grant county, Wisconsin, late of the fittieth
regiment Wisconsin volunteer infantry.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of Sol-
omon Langdon, administrator of Bassett Lang-
don, for compensation for services rendered as
assessor of internal revenue in the first Ohio
district.
Also, the petition of S. H. Burton and 50
others, merchants of the city of Cincinnati and
State of Ohio, praying that contracts^ made
payable in gold shall be paid in such coin.
Also, a memorial of 15 Army officers of
Ohio, in regard to payment of their servants.
Also, certain testimony in regard to the
claims of the crews of certain steamboats therein
named.
By Mr. ferriss: Two petitions of citizens
of Black Brook and Jay, for the repeal of the
laws establishing bonded warehouses.
Also, the petition of same citizens, for reduc-
tion of the Army and Navy, revision of the tax
and revenue laws, and for other reforms.
By Mr. HARDING: The petition of Wil-
liam W. Wilcox, of Peoria, Illinois, for relief.
By Mr. HOLBROOK: The petition of 150
citizens of Idaho City, Territory of Idaho, for
Congress to define the rights of naturalized
citizens and to protect them therein.
Also, the petition of 100 citizens of Pioneer
City, Idaho Territory, for Congress to define
the rights of naturalized citizens of the United
States in foreign countries and to protect them
therein.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia: The
petition of George Kaiser, of Parkersburg,
West Virginia, asking payment for labor and
materials furnished in building a hospital at
Parkersburg, West Virginia, in July and Au-
gust, 1861.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of Charles
Grant and others, of Pillar Point, for the estab-
lishment of a post route between the former
point and Dexter, Jefferson county, New York.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of volunteer
officers relative to commutation for servants'
hire.
By Mr. MOORHEAD : A memorial of Col-
onel John L. Boyd and others, citizens of Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, praying that the law estab-
lishing bonded warehouses for foreign com-
merce be repealed and the system abolished.
Also, a memorial of W. Dewees Wood, esq.,
and others, citizens of McKeesport, Alleghany
count}', Pennsylvania, praying that the law es-
tablishing bonded warehouses for foreign com-
merce be repealed and the system abolished.
By Mr. MULLINS: The petition of Joseph
Ramsey, a citizen of Bedford county, Tennes-
see, and collector of internal revenue, praying a
modification of the internal revenue laws with
regard to the distillation of spirituous liquors.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The petition of Cyrus
M. Allen and sundry others, practicing lawyers,
of southwestern Indiana, praying the estab-
lishment of a United States district court at
Evansville, Indiana.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of Major E.
Cramer, late surgeon first Wisconsin cavalry,
and others, relating to compensation for offi-
cers' servants.
By Mr. PLANTS: Depositions in support
of the petition of Captain Daniel Sheets, tor a
pension.
By Mr. SCHENCK : The petition of Bridget
Travis, mother and guardian of the minor
children of Michael Travis, late private com-
pany I, seventy-fourth regiment Ohio vol-
unteers, praying Congress to grant a pension
to the children.
By Mr. SE LYE : The petition of over 1,000
of the tax payers of the city of Rochester,
New York, asking that the expenses of the
Government in the naval, military, and civil
service be reduced, that taxes be taken from
necessaries and retained only on luxuries.
By-Mr. STOKES: A memorial from the
officers of Tennessee, that justice be done them
in the way of compensation._
Also, the petition of W illiam Bass, for pay
as first lieutenant in first regiment Tennessee
light artillery United States Army.
By Mr. WOODWARD: A remonstrance
of officers of the Army against the Senate bill
relative to commutation for servants' pay.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 18, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 783) for the relief of the
Navajo Indians at the Bosque Redondo, and
to establish them on a reservation, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of the common council of the city
of Washington, in favor of granting an exten-
sion of the city charter,with such amendments
as may be advisable; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented a memorial of Rowland
Cromelien, praying the right of way on an
avenue or main line of railroad, for the privi-
lege of testing his patent for an improvement
in railroads; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. CATTELL presented a petition of citi-
zens of New Jersey and Pennsylvania, praying
the adoption of measures for the protection of
Government property at Absecom inlet, on the
coast of New Jersey; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of Benjamin
W. Curtis praying compensation for property
taken and used by the United States Army;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the proceedings of the
Anti-Monopoly State convention, held at Tren-
ton J anuary 22, 1868, to oppose the exten-
sion of the monopoly privileges of the Camden
and Amboy Railroad Company and to secure
the passage of a general railroad law; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of Asa
E. Stratton Jr., of Texas, praying to be re-
lieved from civil disabilities imposed upon him
by acts of Congress; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of ves-
sel owners, shippers, and insurance agents of
Chicago, Illinois, praying an appropriation for
the completion of the harbor at New Buffalo,
Berrien county, Michigan; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present a memorial of
Wilson D. Burlingame, on behalf of himself
and twelve others, setting forth that they were
the crew of the cutter Shamrock, composing
part of the expedition under Lieutenant Cus'h-
ing to capture the rebel ram Albemarle, and
representing that they shared in all the dangers
and hardships of the expedition, and are ruled
out of any portion of the prize money, and
asking that their rights may lie granted. I
move the reference of the memorial to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a memorial
of certain Miami Indians in the State of In-
diana on the subject of their rights in lands
belonging to the band of the Miamis in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs. , ,
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of
Richard Dennis, praying a pension for services
in the war of 1812: which was referred to the
i Committee on Pensions.
! Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented a
petition of the superintendent of meters and
lamplighters in the city of Washington, pray-
, ing an addition of twenty per cent, to their
1 present pay; which was referred to the Oom-
j mittee on Finance.
I Mr. POMEROY presented a petition ot Mrs.
I J.~m! Hockaday, praying compensation for
' property of her deceased husband, destroyed
by the Mormons in 1856 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a me-
morial of late officers of the armies of the
United States, protesting against the passage
