1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S277
to violate the laws; they are not involved in the
"whisky ring;" they have nothing to do with it;
they sUnd apart from all that extensive trans-
action. They are associated with what is known
as the African commerce ; and I beg to assure
the Senate from what I learn from my corre-
spondence—I have here a dozen letters from
excellent persons, merchants and others, in
Massachusetts, who are interested in this com-
merce, who assure me that without the relief of
this bill, that commerce must suffer very much,
involving very serious loss to individuals.
Mr. COLE. I beg to assure Senators that
there is no disposition on my part to embarrass
the passage of the bill; but when the bill was
originally reported it was broad enough to
cover the case to which I have made allusion.
I was not in my seat yesterdaywhen the bill
was first called up. I was here in time to vote
for its passage. I supposed, as reported, it
would be applicable only to such contracts as
were made in good faith for liquor to be ex-
ported prior to the 11th of January. I do not
appreciate the statement made by the Senator
from Oregon, to the effect that it will open the
door for fraud. I do not know how'any liquor
can be exported under this bill, except such as
was contracted for like that to which I have
made reference in California, before the law
of the 11th of January. I have been watching
for this bill a long time, and urging the com-
mittee to act upon it for the benefit of the trade
from San Francisco to the Amoor fiver. A
great deal of delay has taken place necessarily
in bringing it up, from the pressure of other
business ; and now when it is brought up, I
assure the Senate it will work great disappoint-
ment, and will be ruinous in its effects on per-
sons in San EYancisco if it is passed in the
form to which it has been changed, to include
only rum instead of liquor. I regret very much
that, that change has been made. I hope that
the bill will be so modified as to permit these
contracts in San Francisco to be fulfilled, as
well as the contracts made in Boston and
Salem.
Mr. NYE. When this bill was under con-
sideration yesterday I opposed it, and should
do so to-day but tor the fact that I have con-
sulted thoroughly with the distinguished Sen-
ator from Massachusetts now absent, [Mr.
Wilson,] and he assures me that it is all right.
I think when we get a certificate from him that
African rum is all right that will be sufficient
* for the rest of the Senate. [Laughter.] There-
fore I shall cease to further oppose the bill.
I sympathize strongly with my friend from Cali-
fornia, and shall vote at the proper time for the
privilege which he asks, to allow the manufac-
turer and traders of San Francisco to trade
with the Amoor river. But that cannot be
delayed more than a week, and I am appre-
hensive that it will embarrass the bill now. I
think wc had better let these merchants go,
and especially I appeal to my friend from Cali-
fornia, upon the certificate of my distinguished
friend from Massachusetts that the traffic is
right, not to interpose. It will form a good
precedent, one of which I shall avail myself in
assisting to pass the proposition of the Senator
from California when that comes up. I think
we had better let this bill pass as it is. I thmk
it is the best first step that can. be made toward
the success of that which he and myself both
desire.
Mr. HOWE. I voted yesterday against the
passage of this bill, and I believe I shall vote
against the reconsideration.
Mr. SUMNER. It has been reconsidered.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the question to
be on the reconsideration.
Mr. SUMNER. The question nowison the
reconsideration of the third reading of the bill,
Mr. SHERMAN. As I understand the state
of the question, if the Senate should refuse to
reconsider the previous votes the question will
then again recur oirthe passage of the bill. v\ e
have already reconsidered the vote on the pas-
sage of the bill. .
Mr. HOWE. So I am just now reminded.
I was not aware of the state of the question.
The question now is on reconsidering the third
reading of the bill.
The PflESIDENTpro tempore. That is the.
question. Unless that is done no amendment
can be made to the bill.
Mr. HOWE. Well, sir, as I was opposed to
going back at $11, of course I am logically
opposed to going back any further. The trade
for which the Senator from California wishes
to provide, I apprehend, is not of any very
essential importance to the country, though it
may be to the parties engaged in it. Looking at
the last report we have on the subject of com-
merce and navigation I cannot, .find that any
distilled spirits of any kind were exported to
any part of the Russian possessions in Asia.
As to the rum traffic, which it is said the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts sitting by me [Mr.'
Wilson] certifies to be all right, I think that
is of less importance than is generally sup-
posed. I tried yesterday to ascertain what it
did amount to. I have consulted the same
authority to Which I just now referred, the
returns to the Treasury Department, and I find
that the whole amount of spirits distilled from
molasses exported to all the ports of the world
was but one million seven hundred thousand
gallons, which is not a very heavy export; and
of that quantity one third was exported to
Turkey; about eight hundred thousand gallons
were exported to the British possessions in
Africa, and thirty thousand to Liberia. That
is not, I submit, a very important trade to
provide for; and if .it be true that the export
of one million seven hundred thousand gallons
imperils, endangers the collection of not less
than $150,000,000 of internal revenue which
we have lost for the last two years on this one
article of whisky, I think we can well afford to
sacrifice the whole trade. We ought to have
at least $175,000,000 of revenue from this one
article of whisky. We consume in this coun-
try beyond all question one hundred million
gallons of spirits of all kinds.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will allow
me 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, being the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 201) in relation to the Rock Island
bridge, is before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Harlan,] who has charge of that meas-
ure, will allow it to be laid aside informally. I
should like to take up the bill that was dis-
cussed some time yesterday informally on the
motion of the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard.] If there be no objection, I trust
it will be laid aside, and that the Senate will
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 256.
Mr. HARLAN. If it can be done inform-
ally, so that the unfinished business shall not
lose its place, I shall not object.
Mr. S UMNER. I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed "with the consideration of this question
until it is settled. We can close it in ten or
fifteen minutes. I do not wish to debate it.
Let us bring it to a close.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business can be passed over by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it cannot be done without a
motion. • ...
Mr. SUMNER. I move that it be laid a'side
informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
objected to.
Mr. HARLAN. Is the joint resolution No.
201 before the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is, being
the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the unfinished
business be postponed for au hour, in order
that we may proceed with the consideration
of the pending question.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I move that the Sen-
ate proeeed with the consideration of the bill
that was under consideration at the expiration
of the morning hour.
The PRE SIDE N'T pro tempore. That bill
is before the Senate, and the question is on
reconsidering the vote by which it was ordered
to be read a third time.
Mr. STEWART. I merely wish to remark
to the Senator from Wisconsin that if liis ob-
jection to this bill is predicated on the ground
that by not passing it we shall get any more
revenue I think he has not familiarized him-
self with the workings of the department. I
do not think it makes much difference what
amount of distillation we have so far as getting
anything into the Treasury during the next six
or eight months is concerned. There does not
appear to be anything gained in that way in
any event. If he can show whereby this would
make any change in that regard, the argument
would be good.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to inquire of
my friend whether he rose to put a question to
me or to tell me something ?
Mr. STEWART. To tell you something.
Mr. HOWE. 1 wish the Senator had done
that before I started. I want to have the ben-
efit of all the information I can get on the sub-
ject before I commence- to discuss it. I am
much obliged to him for his information. I
am inclined to think I cannot rely upon it very
safely, and it will not do for the revenue de-
partment to rely upon it.
I was about saying that I think we ought to
have $176,000,000 per annum from this article.
We consume one hundred million gallons of
distilled spirits in this country annually. If
two dollars a gallon were paid on it it would
give us $200,000,000. I "do not think we ought
to be irrational enough to exact payment on
all that is distilled, until.we get purer than we
are to-day. We are now getting about a mil-
lion a month. The rest of it goes out without
paying anything. One of the grand contri-
vances, as we are told on all hands by those
who are familiar with the workings of the rev-
enue laws, which I am not and do not profess
to be, for getting this article into the market is
this pretense of exporting it, putting it aboard
ship free, and bringing it back and landing it
somewhere and throwing it on the market.
Mr. STEWART. There is where you are
mistaken. It is a mistake to suppose that
because that is one of the grand contrivances
if you stop that you prevent frauds. Since we
have stopped that they have contrived some
other mode to accomplish the same result and
get it out.
Mr. HOWE. This stops one of the modes;
and the question I wish to present to the Sen-
ate, without spending any time in the argument
of it, as the friends of the measure want a vote
upon it, is whether we can afford to imperil
this great revenue for the sake of fostering this
trade which amounts to so insignificant a sum.
Mr. SUMNER. If I thought that the pres-
ent bill, if passed, would imperil by a hair's
breadth the revenue to which the Senator re-
fers, I would not vote for it, nor utter one word
in its favor.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts an explanation.upon
another point. We have laws prohibiting the
introduction and sale of whisky and rum to
our own savages, and 1 understand this is a
bill to open the trade with a similar class of
people in Africa. I should like to know if, in
his opinion, it would be good policy for a Gov-
ernment like ours to foster a trade which can
be carried on in no other way, as we have
heard here during the discussion of this bill,
than by the introduction of rum?
Mr. SUMNER. -I do not propose to foster
it at all. I simply propose that the Govern-
ment should repeal a law by which it inter-
fered on the 11th day of January last with
existing contracts for the exportation of this
article, it being in the main exported to the
African coast and the Mediterranean, It is
an -essential article in that commerce, fos what
use, for what purpose, I-do net know; 1 nave
never inquired. I only know, on the reports
