THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
by the Senate as an answer to the constantly
recurring questions on the admissibility of
testimony.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the paper submitted by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The Secretary read as follows:
Considering the character of this proceeding, that
it is a trial of impeachment beforo the Senate of
the United States, and not a proceeding by indict-
ment in an inferior court;
Considering that Senators are, from beginning to
end, judges of law as well as fact, and that they aro
judges from whom there is no appeal;
Considering that the reasons tor the exclusion of
evidence on an ordinary trial where the judge re-
sponds to the law and the jury to the fact are not
applicable to such a proceeding;
Considering that, according to parliamentary usage,
which istho guide in all such cases, there is on trials
of impeachment a certain latitude of inquiry and
a freedom from technicality;
And considering, finally, that already in the course
of this trial there have been differences of opinion as
to the admissibility of evidence;
Therefore, in order to remove all such differences
and to hasten the dispatch of business, it is deemed
advisable that all evidence offered on either side not
trivial or obviously irrelevant in nature shall be re-
ceived without objection, it being understood that
the same when admitted shall be open to question
and comparison at the bar in order to determino its
competency and value, and shall bo carefully sifted
and weighed by Senators in the final judgment.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I move to
lay that paper on the table, and on that motion
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 83, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalow,Cameron, Cattell,Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, lidmunds, Ferry, Fcsscn-
den, Frelingliuysen, Harlan, Howard, llowe, John-
son, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Patterson of New Hampshire, l'omeroy, Iiamsey,
Kaulsbury, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Williams, and
Yalcs—.'!3.
NAYS—Messrs.Anthony, Fowler, Grimes, Morton,
Patterson of Tennessee, Sherman, Sumner, Van Win-
kle, Vickers, Willey, and Wilson—11.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bayard, Henderson,Hend-
ricks, McOrcery,Norton, Nye, ltoss, Sprague, Trum-
bull, and Wade—1U.
So the proposition was laid upon the table.
The CII1EF JUSTICE. Gentlemen of
counsel for the President, you will please pro-
ceed with the defense.
Mr. EVAKTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, I am not able to announce the recovery
of Mr. Stanbery, but I think had not the weather
been so entirely unfavorable he would have
been able to be out, perhaps, to-day. He is,
however, convalescent, but, nevertheless, the
situation of his health and proper care for his
complete recovery prevents U3 from having
much opportunity of consultation with him
during the intervals of the sessions of this court.
We shall desire to-day to proceed with such
evidence as we think properly we can pi-oduee
in his absence, and may occupy the session of
the court with that evidence during the usual
hours of its sitting. We shall not desire to
protract, however, the examinations with any
such object or view, and if before the close of
the ordinary period of the session we should
come to that portion of the testimony in which
we regard Mr. Stanbery's presence as indis-
pensable we shall submit that to the discretion
of the court.
Mr. CUKTIS. Mr. Chief Justice, I desire
to offer in evidence two documents received
this morning from the Department of State of
a character, 1 believe, entirely similar to some
of those which were received yesterday. They
are in continuation chronologically of what was
put in yesterday, and merely complete the series.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Under the decision
of yesterday we do not object. We understand
them to be the same thing. You do not desire
them read, I suppose.
Mr. CU.RTIS. No, I do not desire them
read.
Mr. JOHNSON. State what they are.
Mr. CURTJS. They are a continuation of
the documents put in yesterday, so as to bring
the evidence of the practice down to a more
recent period.
The documents thus offered in evidence are
attested by the Secretary of State in the usual
form to be copied from the records of his De-
partment, and contain the letters of authority,
designation, or appointment in the following
cases;
On the 11th of July, 1853, President Pierce
appointed Peter G. Washington to take charge
of the Treasury Department "during the ex-
pected absence of the Secretary of the Treasury
from the seat of Government."
On the 11th of July, 1858, President Pierce
appointed James C. Dobbin to be acting Sec-
retary of War in the absence of Jefferson
Davis.
On the 29th of July, 1853, President Pierce
appointed A. Dudley Mann, Assistant Secre-
tary of State, to be acting Secretary of State
during the temporary absence of Secretary W.
L. Marcy from the seat of Government.
On the 23d of September, 1853, President
Pierce appointed Peter G. Washington to dis-
charge the duties of Secretary of the Treasury
during the absence of Secretary Guthrie from
the seat of Government.
On the 28th of September, 1853, President
Pierce appointed A. Dudley Mann, Assistant
Secretary of State, to be acting Secretary of
State during the temporary absence of Mr.
Marcy from the seat of Government.
On the 12th of April, 1854, President Pierce
appointed Peter G. Washington to discharge
the duties of Secretary of the Treasury during
the temporary absence of Secretary Guthrie
from Washington.
On the 21st of August, 1854, President Pierce
appointed William Ilunter to perform the duties
of Secretary of State during the absence of Mr.
Marcy from the seat of Government.
On the2flthof August, 1854, President Pierce
appointed Archibald Campbell to be acting
Secretary of War during the absence of the
Secretary from the seat of Government.
On the 5th of October, 1854, President Pierce
appointed Peter G. Washington to discharge
the duties of Secretary of the Treasury during
the absence of Secretary Guthrie from Wash-
ington.
On the 30tli of October, 1854, President
Pierce appointed Archibald Campbell, chief
clerk of the War Department, to be acting
Secretary of War during the temporary absence
of the Secretary.
On the 3d of May, 1855, President Pierce
appointed Peter G. Washington to discharge
the duties of Secretary of the Treasury during
the absence of Secretary Guthrie from Wash-
ington.
On the 20th of May, 1855, President Pierce
appointed Colonel Samuel Cooper, United
States Army, acting Secretary of War, during
the temporary absence of the Secretary from the
seat of Government.
On the 21st of July, 1855, President Pierce
appointed William Hunter, Assistant Secretary
of State, to perform the duties of Secretary of
State, Mr. Marcy being absent from the seat
of Government.
On the Gthof August, 1855, President Pierce
appointed Peter G. Washington to discharge
the duties of Secretary of the Treasury during
the absence of Secretary Guthrie from Wash-
ington.
On the 9th of October, 1856, President
Pierce appointed A. Campbell, acting Secre-
tary of War, during the temporary absence of
the Secretary.
Oil the 19th of January, 185V, President
Pierce appointed Archibald Campbell, acting
Secretary of War, during the temporary ab-
sence ofthe Secretary.
On ihcT>d of March, 1857, President Pierce
appointed Colonel Samuel Cooper, Adjutant
General of the Army, to be acting Secretary
of War.
On the 23d of April, 1857, President Bu-
chanan appointed Philip Clayton to discharge
the duties of Secretary of the Treasury during
the absence from Washington of Secretary
Cobb.
On the 1st of Juno, 1857, President Bu-
chanan appointed John Appleton to be acting
Secretary of State during the absence of Sec-
retary Cass from the seat of Government.
On the 28th June, 1858, President Buchanan
appointed Philip Clayton to perform the duties
of Secretary of the Treasury during the absence
of Secretary Cobb from Washington.
On the 13th of July, 1858, President Bu-
chanan appointed Philip Clayton to discharge
the duties of Secretary of the Treasury during
the absence from Washington of Secretary
Cobb.
On the 20th of August, 1858, President Bu-
chanan appointed John Appleton, Assistant
Secretary of State, to discharge the duties of
Secretary of State during the absen.ee of Sec-
retary Cass from Washington.
On the 26th of April 1859, President Bu-
chanan appointed Philip Clayton to act as
Secretary of the Treasury during the tempo-
rary absence of the Secretary of the Treasury.
On the 5th of July, 1859, President Bu-
chanan appointed William K. Drinkard to be
acting Secretary of War during the absence
of the Secretary from his office.
On the 2(5 th July, 1859, President Buchansih
appointed Philip Clayton to act as Secretary
of the Treasury during the temporary absence
of Secretary Cobb from Washington, "from
and after the 1st of August."
On the 30th of August, 1859, President Bu-
chanau appointed Philip Clayton to actasSec-
retary of the Treasury during the absence of
Secretary Cobb from Washington.
On the 80th August, 1850, President Bu-
chanan appointed Philip Clayton to act as Sec-
retary of the Treasury during the absence from
Washington of Secretary Cobb.
On the 80th May, 1800, President Buchanan
appointed Philip Clayton to act as Secretary of
the Treasury during the absence from Wash-
ington of Secretary Cobb.
On the 20th June, 1800, President Buchanan
appointed William H. Trescott to discharge
the duties of Secretary of State during the
absencc of the Secretary of State from Wash-
ington.
On the 27th July, 1800, President Buchanan
appointed Philip Clayton to discharge the
duties of Secretary of the Treasury during the
absence of Secretary Cobb from Washington.
On the 0th October, 1800, President Bu-
chanan appointed Philip Clayton to discharge
the duties of Secretary of the Treasury during
the absence of Secretary Cobb from Washing-
ton.
On the 22d of October, 1860, President Bu-
chanan appointed Philip Clayton to discharge
the duties of Secretary of the Treasury dur-
ing the absence of Secretary Cobb from Wash-
ington.
On the 2Gtli of November, 1800, President
Buchanan appointed Philip Clayton to dis-
charge the duties of Secretary of the Treasury
during the sickness of Secretary Cobb.
On the 13th of December, 1860, Presidont
Buchanan appointed William Ilunter, chief
clerk of the Department of State, to act as
Secretary of State until an appointee should be
regularly commissioned.
On the 10th of December, 1860, President
Buchanan, by virtue of the act of Congress
approved February 13, 1795, authorized Isaac
Toucey, Secretary of the Navy, to perform the
duties of Secretary of the Treasury, "now
vacant by the resignation of Howell Cobb,"
until a successor should be appointed and the
vacancy filled.
On the 2d of August, 1801, President Lin-
coln appointed Thomas A. Scott to act as Sec-
retary of War during the temporary absence
of Secretary Cameron from the seat of Gov-
ernment.
On the 8th of August, 1801, President Lin-
coln appointed George Harrington to discharge
the duties of Secretary of the Treasury during
the temporary absence from Washington of
Salmon P. Chase.
On the 27th of August, 18G1, President Lin-
coln appointed Frederick W. Seward, Assistant
Secretary of State, to be acting Secretary of
State during the temporary absence from the
seat of Government of William H. Seward.
On the 3d of September, 1861, President
