1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4801
applied for that purpose without touching one
dollar of the funded debt. We have not in the
Treasury to-day one dollar that can properly
be applied to the payment of the funded debt.
Now, I want to ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman has not
answered the question I put to him.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman says he is in
favor of issuing greenbacks for the purpose of
substituting them for the national bank notes.
Is he in favor further of issuing greenbacks,
according to the Pendletonian plan, for the
purpose of paying the public creditors ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, as to the Pendle-
tonian plan, the gentleman will excuse me from
making any remark.
Mr. PIKE. Well, I withdraw that part of
the question. Is he in favor of issuing green-
backs to pay the bonds?
Mr. ELDRIDGE, With regard to the other
part of the question I will be more explicit than
the gentleman has been in answering the ques-
tion which I put to him.
Mr. PIKE. I want to know whether the gen-
tleman is in favorof issuing greenbacks for any
other purpose than for the purpose of taking
up the notes of the national banks?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Now, as the gentleman
has got his question revamped, I hope he will
hold himself in reserve until I have answered
it. [Laughter.] I answer, as I answered be-
fore, that in my judgment there is no necessity
for issuing any additional amount of green-
backs, except to supply the place now supplied
by the national bank currency. The banks
now receive a premium for keeping the notes
of the United States upon deposit. If you
withdraw those you will be able to pay every
dollar of your debt as it falls due without the
issue of another dollar of greenbacks.
Mr. PIKE. In what way?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. By means of the green-
backs issued to supply the place of the national
currrency, for supplying which yoo now pay a
premium to the banks.
Mr. PIKE. What will you give the banks
in place of those notes?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask, in the name of
common sense, what useful purpose is sub-
served, and how is the country benefited, by
depositing our bonds or our bills, or our three
per cent, notes, with the banks and allow-
ing them to issue currency which circulates
throughout the country, we paying the interest
on those bonds, and at the same time paying
six per cent, upon our national indebtedness?
No man has ever given a reasonable answer to
this question. The gentleman from Maine will
not answer it. He seems to want to put ques-
tions to me, to see whether he cannot create
some sort of suspicion that there is not in-
tegrity or honesty in the position I have taken.
Now, I say to that gentleman that we can
adopt the method I have indicated without any
sort of difficulty. Now, I put the question
back to him—is he in favor of withdrawing
the national currency, so called, and supplying
its place with the greenbacks of the country ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PIKE. I trust I may be allowed to
answer that question ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Maine must appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schknck.]
The SPEAKER. Does thegentleman from
Ohio yield any further?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have promised to yield
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. How
much does he want ?
Mr. RANDALL. Five minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield to the gentle-
man for five minutes ; but is he willing to first
let the gentleman from Maine have two min-
utes ?
Mr. RANDALL. Certainly.
Mr. PIKE. I only want two minutes for
the purpose of replying to thegentleman from
Wisconsin and showing how he would pay
the national debt. He says the banks have
$300,000,000 of national notes. He says he
would take up those $300,000,000 of national
notes and substitute for them "greenbacks,"
and in that way we would pay $300,000,000 of
public debt. But having paid the national
bank notes with greenbacks how is he to pay
bonds with them too?
Mr. ROSS. We do not owe the banks
those notes.
Mr. PIKE. Is he going to rob the banks of
$300,000,000?
Mr. ROSS. They are a gratuity.
Mr. PIKE. Unless he does so he is com-
pelled to send out this new issue and put it in
the vaults of the banks. Having taken the
§300,000,000 of national notes and destroyed
them and put in the vaults of the banks the
$300,000,000 of greenbacks in the place of the
notes destroyed, how is he to pay then with
them a single dollar of the public debt?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to answer?
Mr. PIKE. Yes, sir.
Mr.ELDRIDGE. Whenthe "greenbacks"
have passed into the national banks in place
of their present currency, they will pass out
and from hand to hand. When the gentle-
man talks about these "greenbacks" being
destroyed, as valueless, as never becoming a
medium of circulation, he should remember
that when they take the place of the national
bank notes they will pass out among the peo-
ple. Why does the gentleman talk as though
these "greenbacks," when we substitute them
for national bank notes, are destroyed ? By
that substitution we will also save $20,000,000
of interest.
Mr. PIKE. When they pass out of the Treas-
ury they do not pass among the people, but
they pass to the banks in exchange for the
$300,000,000 of national bank notes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Do not the banks owe
debts, and have they not to circulate these
" greenbacks ?"
Mr. PIKE. When the banks take our green-
backs in place of their notes they do as they
please ; but we do not use the same money to
pay the national creditor. The creditor will
still hold his bonds. The gentleman's plan
ought to be considered "a new way to pay old
debts," and a very poor one.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, although I
did not intend to I will endeavor to answer
the question of the gentleman from Maine as
the way I would pay the public debt, tfliich is
by withdrawing the national currency and sub-
stituting "greenbacks." It is simply this, and
it is the same scheme as that of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] when he
proposes the establishment of a sinking fund. I
would withdraw the national bank notes from
the banks, and with the "greenbacks" issued
in their place I would buy the $300,000,000
bonds owned by the banks and deposited in
the Treasury to secure their circulation and
dedicate the bonds as a sinking fund, and in
thirty-five years I would pa.y the national debt
without issuing another bond. That is an
answer to the question of the gentleman from
Maine.
Mr. PIKE. To whom do those bonds belong?
Air. RANDALL. They belong to the banks.
I would substitute for them "greenbacks," the
people's money, and not the paper of these
private corporations.
Mr. PIKE. How will you get your " green-
backs ?"
Mr. RANDALL. By enactment.
Mr. PIKE. By a new issue?
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. PIKE. Does not the act of March,
1804, limit the issue to $100,000,000?
Mr. RANDALL. I am ready to argue at
the propertime that there is no contract between
the banks and the Government that the banks
should have this gratuity for all time.
Mr. Pi KE. That is what I was trying to get
from the gentleman from Wisconsin. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania is in favor of a
new issue to pay the public debt. That I am
opposed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did say I was in favor
of issuing greenbacks to supply the place of
the national bank currency. I said it over and
over again.
Mr. RANDALL. I do uot increase the cir-
culation one dollar. I do not produce infla-
tion. I do not raise the price of commodities
in any particular. I simply relieve the people
of the country from $18,000,000 of taxes each
year. 1 think I have fully stated my proposi-
tion, and have to my mind satisfactorily an-
swered the question of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Pike.]
However, that is rather off the point I in-
tended to speak to. The question of" funding
the debt at this lime in my opinion is an inop-
portune one, and I will briefly state the rea-
sons which will guide me in voting as I shall
hereafter, if the proposition is made, for a
postponement of this subject till the next ses-
sion. We have not time at this late day of the
session freely and fully to discuss the question
in all its multifarious shapes and aspects.
Neither is the market, I may say, in that con-
dition which warrants this Government at this
time in making any attempt to fund its debt.
But I will say if I am obliged to vote on the
proposition before the House I much prefer
the bill of the Committee of Ways and Means.
I prefer it simply in a business point of view.
The gentleman from Massachusetts proposes
to issue three descriptions of bonds, a portion
at five per cent., a portion at four and a half,
and a third part at three and sixty-five hun-
dredths per cent., whereas after due and full
deliberation the Committee of Ways and Means
inform us that they believe it is feasible to
throw our securities upon the market at three
and sixty-five hundredths. Now, there is no
merchant or business man in the country who
will not issue his note for three and sixty-five
hundredths in preference to four or five per
cent.
There is another objectionable feature in the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Boutwell,] in my opinion. Iam
opposed now and lor all time to this country
catering to foreign capital in any manner what-
ever. Why cannot these people pay the expense
of transporting the gold, the interest upon these
bonds, as well as this Government? Why
should the Government pay for transporting it
abroad? Why do foreigners come here and
take our bonds? Simply because they can
make more money out of them than by invest-
ing in other bonds at home. Now let us begin
and make this counti-y the money center of the
world. It is fast moving in this direction, and,
sir, no vote of mine here shall be given giving
it a contrary direction.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield ten minutes to my
colleague.
Mr. GARFIELD. There is much in the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Boutwkll] that I cordially approve;
and some of its leading features I hope will be
adopted by rejecting the amendment of the
Committee of Ways and Means to the first sec-
tion, and preserve the Senate provision which
gives us three periods in which our debt shall
mature, rather than one, as in the amendment
of the committee.
Before I speak generally to the bill in its
present condition, I desire to call attention for
a moment to that feature. I am aware that
there are advantages, as my colleague, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
suggests, in having the debt in one form and
the bonds of one tenor ; but after all it is rather
an advantage that belongs to book-keeping
than any real fiscal advantage to the Govern-
ment itself. It was our policy during the war,
and it seems to me a wise policy, to put our
debt into a variety of forms, and that policy
was adopted for two reasons: first, because
some people like one form of security better
than another ; and in the next place, because
we would be able to meet our obligations in
that case more easily than if they all feu due
at once, Some would like to take1 bond that
runs twenty years. He has a child a year old
for which he wants to make provision, and he
