3278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
of merchants and others who are interested,
that this article has been regarded as essential
to commerce. I have here among the letters
before me one from the Superintendent of
exports and drawbacks in Boston,.from which
1 will read a passage, as follows:
"Tho joint resolution of 11th January bears very
neavily on the merchants engaged in the African
and Mediterranoa.n trade. Not a vessel has sailed
tor the coa-t of Africa from this port since, and the
business is becoming very much deranged.
•spirit, though by no means the whole, is so
important an article in a cargo for the African coast
that on the trial of Ames Oaksmith for piracy, testi-
mony was introduced to show that he had no spirit
on board, and therefore that it could not be a legit-
imate African voyage.
. J*foSkto? '"Asnovv almost a monopoly of the African
tiade, but if it is crushed out and killed for a time,
when it revives, if it ever does revive, it will not be
la -Boston. t Messrs. Jasigi, Gocldard & Co. told mo
m )•, ^since that they should load a vessel for the
Mediterranean, shipping American cottons largely,
2i they eouki only ship some five hundred barrels
alcohol at the same time."
Alcohol, as the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Fessenden] remarks, is struck out. I have
another letter here from a person who is
engaged in the manufacture. He says:
" Ploaso do not consider my case individual: for I
assure you that it is representative; and thatthore
are other material interests sufforins from tho law
of which I compam. I am a distiller producing New
iiugliind rum only; and that entirely lor export.
Now, sn, the law of Januaiy 11, 18G8, prohibiting
the export of spirits in bond bears heavily upon mo
and very heavily upon my patrons. My warehouse
is iull of rum; my distillery closed; my workmen
with then families dependent upon me for support;
my patron's vessels lying at their wharves month
r:,t".eir contracts with foreign merchants
umuinlled; their agents in foreign countries at great
r* u V cxPonso idle; and their business here dying.
All this and much more my space will not permit
me to write is in consequence of an unconstitutional
law whioh benefits no one, except manufacturers
and dealers in illicit whisky. Neither myseJf nor my
patrons have ever beon ongaged in traffic in distilled
spirits m the United States; nor have either ever
been accused at law of any fraud or attempted fraud
upon tho (jrovernment."
Pie then proceeds to give several reasons,
and he adds at the end :
lhe law of January 11, passed for the avowed
purpose ot preventing frauds, and thereby increas-
ing the revenue from distilled spirits, has failed in
both purposes, and has had the effect to kill the only
legitimate traliic in spirits existing to any noticeable
extent m this country at tho time of its passage,
namely, the distillation aud sale of rum iu bond tor
export.
''The rum in warehouse, to which I have before
alluded, was made on contracts entered into in good
Vl!L.o^,lUiweU known exporters previous to January
1,ioOo.
There is the whole case. The rum to which
thia is applicable is held now under contracts
made anterior to the act of Congress which it
is proposed to repeal.
As to the inquiry of the Senator from Iowa
1 wiU add another word. There is a plain dis-
tinction between the two cases to which he
The Indians are our wards,
Here is a
calls attention.       „,v
and directly under our influence.
commerce extending along the coast of a con-
tinent and entering the Mediterranean. One
of its essential articles is now iu question. In
return for this article we receive palm oil, ivory,
cofl'ee, and ground-nuts. What is done with
the rum I cannot tell. I know not that it
becomes the destructive agent which it is un-
questionably when in the hands of the Indian.
It the Senator wouid impeach the present
trade with Africa, so far as it embraces this
article, I do not see easily where he will stop.
Our revenue is now increased by duties on
foreign brandies. Shall these be abandoned ?
Our railroads transport whisky and rum. Shall
we forbid the transportation? In putting these
questions I present the difficulties involved in
the inquiry of the Senator. B'or myself I
regret this commerce. I wish that it did not
exist. But it does exist. Considerable inter-
ests are embarked in it under the expectation
of good faith on the part of the Government,
lam unwilling to see these sacrificed; and
this is all my present object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely
desire to correct the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Howe] as to this trade being entirely
without value or consideration, if he will
examine the reports prior to the war he will
find that the trade, was very considerable. I ,
have before me the commerce and navigation
report for the year ending June 30, 1860,
which shows that the spirits made from mo-
lassos that were exported amounted to two
million eight hundred aud fifty-five thousand
gallons; and in some years it will be found
that it was more than double that. But the
trade, although not of large aggregate amount,
is quite important in relation to palm oil and
ivory. ^ Ivory is ail article that is growing
exceedingly scarce and dear for the last few
years, and Great Britain and other countries
are very eager to obtain a monopoly of it.
This trade picks up a very considerable amount
of ivory, which they must obtain from England
unless we get it ourselves. - It is important in
that respect that we should be able to continue
this trade.
Mr. fSPRAG UE. I entered this-motion for
reconsideration at the instance of gentlemen
from the other House, without a thorough aud
full investigation. 1 did it somewhat upon the
idea that it was beneficial to New,England that
the hill should bo reconsidered, and that it
should pass. The important consideration is
simply this: the bill of January last was en-
acted to prevent frauds, and so that the Gov-
ernment should obtain a larger revenue from
whisky and spirits than it otherwise would be
able to obtain. The question with me is,
whether or not, after the passage of that law,
the Government, in fact, has oblaiued a larger
revenue from spirits. The contrary is tho fact,
lou are obtaining 110 more revenue, I under-
stand, from the tax oil whisky to-day than you
were in January last, or prior to that time.
1 horefore, it is quite clear that the law in fact
is a dead letter, so far as regards obtaining a
larger revenue for the Government.
Mr. HOWE. Will my friend allow me to
suggest what may possibly be an explanation
ot that fact, that we do not get any more rev-
enue now than we did before the repeal of the
bill?
Mr. SPUAGLI5. Certainly.
. Mr. HOWE. Is not this the explanation:
since the repeal of that law, there has been
greater dillieulty experienced in getting these
spirits ou to the market, and, as a consequence,
these spirits have not been put ou the market
nor exported, but are piled up in the ware-
houses. The Senator trom Ohio stated yes-
terday that the lowest estimate of the amount
now m the warehouses was twenty million
gallons. That is one fourth of a year's dis-
tillation. lie said other estimates placed it as
high as forty millions. That is half a year's
distillation. Now, having accumulated this
whisky in the warehouses while this law has
been repealed, is there not great reason to fear
that lestoring the law will simply provide the
means ot putting this accumulation on our own
market?
Mr. SPRAGUE. You restore the old law,
as 1 understand, for only a period of sixty
days, and I believe the bill is now confined
solely to the article of rum. It is clear to me
that duiing this short space of time there can
be sullicieut watchfulness on the part of the
revenue officers in a general way or in ship-
ments to other countries than Africa. This
African trade is about the tail-end of the for-
eign business of New England. She had a
little business with the West Indies, but Can-
ada now takes that. The honorable Senator
fromMassachuseits, [Mr. Sumner,] by the pur-
chase ol Alaska, has about used up our ice
business. [Laughter.] We had a little export
business to Alrica, from which we got some
palm oil and dates ; but by the lawot January
last we shall lose that. 1 enter my protest, as
usual, against any such legislation. 1 hope the
Senate will consider that point and not con-
sider the fact of the inability to execute the
revenue law. I think it is a spectacle not well
to be assented to and acknowledged that tins
Government is unable to execute iu own laws
and that in consequence of that inability a will
go on from step to step cutting off the business
and. the trade of its people.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering tlie vote by which tiiis
bill was ordered to be read the third time.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. ^ I wish to inquire of
the Senator from Ohio if the bill is uow con-
lined to rum that is manufactured for the par-
ticular purpose of exportation?
Mr. SUMNER. It is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to know whether,
in such a case, it conflicts with the existing
law ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Rum. undoubtedly is
ardent spirits, and comes within the law of
January last. As I said before, the only objec-
tion I have to the passage of the bill is not to
interfere with the existing trade, but because I
do not believe it will be possible to prevent the
fraudulent exportation of spirits under this bill.
1 know that the gentleman to whom the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts refers will not do it,
but others will do it under cover of the law.
Mr. SUM-NBR. I do not think any such
trouble can arise under this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is for the Senate to
determine for themselves.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 14; as follows:
YliAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Dixon, Ed-
munds, Fessenden, Hendricks, Howard, Morgan,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Pouieroy, Sprague Stewart, Sumner. Tipton,
Vun Winkle, Williams, Wilson, and Yfi.tes—2G.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Doolittlc, Ferry, Harlan,
Henderson, Howe, McCreery, Morton, Patterson of
Tennessee, Koss, Sherman, Trumbull, Wade  and
Willey—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Conness,
Drake, Fowler, Prelinghuysen, Hrirnes, Johnson,
Morrill of Maine, Norton, Ramsey, SauUbury,
ihayer, and Viekors—14.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, the title of
the bill was amended so as to read, ''A bill
for the relief of certain exporters of rum."
EVANSVILLE MARINE HOSPITAL.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, returned to
the Senate the joint resolution (H. R. No. 44)
relating to tho sale of the marine hospital at
Evansville, Indiana, in accordance with the
request of the Senate.
T> NORTON. As the joint resolution (H.
it. No. 44) relating to the sale of the marine
hospital at Evansville, Indiana, has now been
returned to us, I move to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed by the
Senate.
Ihe motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I now move to recommit
the joint resolution to the Committee on Com-
merce, and I desire to call the attention of the
chairman of the committee to it.
ilie motion was agreed to.
GRJSAT AND LITTLE OSAGE INDIANS.
( The message also announced that the Hou=e
; had directed certain extracts from its Journal
o be transmitted to the Senate; which were
i transmuted. ' ^
I J-'oe P1!E®,ID^'r pro tempore laid before
! House of'p following resolutions of the
i f Representatives, transmitted as ex-
I tracts from its Journal :
tiv^Tht(;lLt^S?Se0^heJHous^fR''Presenta-
wirh tif n treaty concluded on the 27th of Muv
both 7n Us e?,ur,ffrrd Little XWe tribeof I ml. in* I
psSiiisSPff
the people of the United State' lynt ftJ nd.?f
authority, repeatedly denied bv'tliis Km,"'*'?68 v
pose of those lands by treaty^otfierwL
lute cession to the United fi r by abso-
for which Congress Ptoses
for which Congress alo'io S* a"d ior pul
OblGCts. tPi*ma . 1 klUa NftUse,; ihll
ide.
objects, terms, conditions J,rtl',seP That tho
aforesaid Protended
