4302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July -21,
desires to buy a bond that will mature about
the time the child is of age. There is a reason
with him for wanting a bond of that peculiar
character. Another man perhaps who wants
to make a donation to some benevolent institu-
tion and desires to put it into the longest possi-
ble bond. And if we had some perpetual
annuities, some interminable bonds, not a
great amount, at a low rate of interest, I have
no doubt they would be desirable and would
find takers in this country. For these reasons,
therefore, it was found desirable to have bonds
of different descriptions so as to meet the pop-
ular wants, and for the still stronger reason
that the debt might fall due at successive periods
so that we could fund it or pay it gradually. I
therefore regard the clause that was stricken
out in the first section of the bill as it came
from the Senate as far better than the amend-
ment offered by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Now, consider another fact. Suppose that
all our debt now funded were to fall due in
five years or three years from this time, and
we should bo compelled to pay or to loan
$2,100,000,000 in one year. We would be
forced by inexorable necessity to make a loan,
and every lender would take advantage of our
situation and demand the hardest possible
terms. But what will be the situation of this
country forty years hence ? Forty years from
now we shall have, at the present rale of in-
crease, a population of one hundred and thirty-
five millions. Forty years from now, if our
national wealth increases at the rate it has
been increasing for the last fifty years, we shall
be worth far more per capita in this country
than we are worth now, and the population
multiplied by the wealth per capita will show
an enormous total of wealth. 1 made a calcu-
lation not long since which brought out this
result: if we should hold our taxation in this
country at the rate it bore in 180G, and allow
that the ordinary expenditure of the Govern-
ment should increase at no greater rate than
they have averaged generally in time of peace,
in twenty-one years the last dollar of our debt
would be paid. This calculation is conclusive
against this forty years' plan. We do not, of
course, propose to do so, but if we should hold
our taxes at the rate they were in 1860, in
twenty-one years from now every dollar of our
debt would be paid. I am, therefore, opposed
to tying the nation down to one long term, and
allowing $2,100,000,000 of debt to fall upon
us with its whole weight in one year. It is
better that each decade shall bear its share of
burdens and responsibilities.
I hope the House will disagree to the amend-
ments ofthe Committee ofthe Whole, and leave
the three terms twenty, thirty, and forty years,
as they came from the Senate.
Let rae make still another suggestion. If
we pass the amendment in the nature of a
substitute offered by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts we shall have no chance of getting
the bill through within any reasonable time,
and a isdoubtful whether we can get it through
at all. It is a new plan. It is not the Senate
plan, and it is really no part of the Senate
plan. _ It would be difficult for a conference
committee to make up a report as between the
two. Whereas if we pass the bill in something
the same shape as it came from the Senate
the conference committee can arrange matters
of detail and we can get a bill through.
If the substitute of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwull] should be
adopted, one or two features of which are
entirely unlike anything that is in the Senate
bill, it is probable that we shall get no bill at
all. For instance, the gentleman has added a
new sinking-fund system, and though I do not
see precisely the extent to which that system
goes, yet, if it be what I understand it to be,
it is a repetition of an old, and he will permit
me to say, an exploded system. If anybody
expects that by any trick of logarithms or
compound interest the payment of the public
debt can be reached will find himself disap-
pointed.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I am not in anyway
responsible for that system. The gentleman
himself argues, I think, that there should be a
funding system for the payment of the public
debt.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no objection what-
ever to a sinking funding system, if it amounts
simply to this: to putting a provision in the
law which Congress shall make a covenant to
save an annual surplus of the revenue to be
applied to the redemption of the public debt;
that is all. Aud the only thing that any Legis-
lature can do honestly to reduce the public
debt, is simply to levy such a tax that there
will be a surplus over and above the annual
expenditures to be applied to the redemption
of the debt. From a hasty reading itappears
to me that the gentleman's amendment goes
further than this.
For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I hope
that the House will adhere to the bill in the
main as it came from the Senate. But I most
earnestly desire that we shall not agree to the
amendment made in the first section, on the
recommendation of the Committee of Ways
and Means, which strikes out the three terms.
Now, let me say one word on another topic,
ar.d I shall conclude my remarks. On this
question of paying the five-twenty bonds in
greenbacks I have no concealment to make of
my opinions. I am ready, for my part, to
answer any of the direct questions that have
been propounded here this morning. In the
first place, it is worse than absurd for any one
member or set of members to claim that they
love the people and their interests above all
others, and that they alone desire to lighten
the burdens of taxation. This is a question of
obligation to pay, and not a question of mak-
ing burdens light or heavy. Now, I believe
that when the first laws authorizing the five-
twenty bonds were passed Congress intended
that every dollar of them should be paid in
gold. And I do not believe that any member
of either House of Congress in 1802 or 1803
dreamed of paying them in any other way. I
remember very well the first time that it was
hinted to me that anybody thought otherwise.
It was in 1804 or 1865, I forget now which ; it
was late in 1804 or early in 1805, when the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stkvbns]
intimated one day in this House that these
bonds might be paid in greenbacks; and I
remember that the statement struck the House
with surprise and amazement.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Gakpiki.d] has expired.
Mr. GAUFIELD. I hope my colleague
[Mr. Soiiexok] will allow me two minutes
more to finish the statement I am making.
Mr. SCHBNCK. Very well.
Mr. GAUFIELD. I desire to say, however,
that it seems to me that this whole greenback
five-twenty bond question has reached a posi-
tion of importance entirely beyond what it
deserves to have.
Mr. PIKE. Allow me to say that I was a
member of the Congress that passed that law,
and I disagree with the gentleman entirely as
to the payment in gold.
Mr. WASHBUiiNE, of Illinois. I was a
member of that Congress, and I agree with
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. ELIOT. I was here at that, time, and
I heard not one word said in regard to any-
thing different from what has been stated by
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. T was not
here ; but it is very plain what the law means.
Mr. GARFIELD. Nothing but my respect
for the age and sympathy for the bodily feeble-
ness of the venerable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] restrained me from
reading what I held in my hand at the very
moment he made his remarkable speech the
other day, the record of his speech in 1862, on
the passage of the first law authorizing five-
twenty bonds, in which he declared in une-
quivocal terms that those bonds, both principal
and interest, were payable in gold. Those re-
marks are on record, and if time allowed me
I would read them. I quote this sentence as
a sample. In showing that the five-twenties
would be a valuable bond Mr. Stevens said:
"A dollar in a miser's safe, unproductive, is a sore
disturbance. Where could they invest it? In United
States loans atjix per cent., redeemable in gold in
twenty years, the best and most valuable permanent
investment that could be desired."
I have no doubt that he then represented
the spirit and meaning of the law. I have
already said that the controversy about these
bonds is after all a war of words. How stands
the case? What is the real question involved
in the controversy? Everybody admits, I be-
lieve, that the interest on the five-twenty bonds
is payable in gold. As to the currency in
which the principal is payable there are but
two opinions. Some say it is payable in gold ;
others say it is payable in greenbacks. Now,
I do not think any man in this House ever has
denied or ever will deny that the greenbacks
are themselves payable in gold ; so that it
comes at last to this : we all agree that the
interest of the five-twenty bonds is payable in
gold ; and we all agree that the principal of
the five-twent.y bonds is either payable directly
in gold, or payable in something which is itself
payable in gold. And that is the whole con-
troversy.
[Here the hammer fell ]
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.]
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Goriiam,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
passed the bill (II. R. No. 541) making appro-
priations for the service of the Columbia In-
stitution for the Instruction of the Deaf and
Dumb, and establishing additional regulations
for the government of the institution, and for
other purposes, with amendments, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the second report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.
352) authorizing the temporary supplying of
vacancies in the Executive Departments.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (II. R. No. 1073) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1869.
enrolled bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
bills and joint resolutions of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1337) grantingan increase
of pension to Frances T. Richardson, widow
of the late Major General Israel B. Richard-
son ;
An act (II. R. No. 1227) granting a pension
to Martha Ann Wallace ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 354) admitting
steam plows free of duty for one year from.
.June 30, 1868; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 343) to admit
free of duty certain statuary.
mary ann ward.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent,
withdrew from the files of the House the pen-
sion papers in the case of Mary Ann Ward
without^ leaving copies, the petition having
been rejected.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr.^BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a privileged question, and present the report
of the committee of conference on the bill (H.
R. No. 1073) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, andforfulfilling treaty stipulations
