1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4303
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
30th June, 18G9,
The Cierk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. It. No. 1073) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending the 30th of
June,1869, having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 5, 9. 10, 11, 24. 26, 29, 33. 34, 35, 36, 3/, 40,
44, 45, 47, 50, 51, CO, (52. 63, 66. 67, 69, 71, 72, 73, 75, 76,
77, 79, 88, 92, 104, 106, 109, 114, 120, 121, 123, 121, 125,
127, 128, 132, 133, 137, 139, 141, 142, 143, 148, 149,150,
156c, 158, 170.172,174, 175, 184, and 186.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered 2. 4. 6, 7, 8, 13. 14, 15,16,17,18,19, 20, 21,
2? °3 23 27, 28; 38, 39, 46, 48, 49, 53, 54, 5o, ob, o/, 58,
59, 61, 61, 65, 68, 70, 71', 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 89, 93, 94,
95, 96. 97. (JS, 99, 100, 101, 102, 103, 1<)5, 108, 110, 113,
115, 116, 117, 126, 129, 130, 131, 134, 135, 138, 140, 1-15,
156, 161, 162, 168, 169, 171, 17o, 180, 181, 182, 183, 185,
and 188, nnd agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment <>f the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: strike out in
line two of said amendment the word "sixteen" and
insert m lieu the word "thirteen;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the third amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendmont, as follows: strike out of
said amendment the words " twenty-live hundred "
and insert in lieu the words " ttvelve hundred and
fiftyand the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twelfth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: strike out
of said amendment "thirty-six thousand five hun-
dred "and insert in lieu " twenti'-five thousand;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede fiom their disagreement to
the thirtieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: strike out
of said amendment the following words: "ior the
Bois Fort band;'' and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows : stuke
out of said amendment the following words: ior the
" Boib Foi t band;" and the Senate acroe to the same.
That the House roeode from t.heir disagreement to
the thirty-second amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
in line five of said amendment strike out the word
"fifteen," and insert in lieu the woid " six;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the lloube leeede from their disagreement to
the forty-first and forty-second amendments of the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amencknent, as
follows: strike out all of said amendments and insert
in lieu of both amendments the following words :
"To enable the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to
complete the removal of the scattering bands of
Chippewa Indians in Minnesota to their re&ei vations
near White Earth lake, and to subsisfythem thereat
for the period of six months, this amount is hereby
appropriated which, added to the unexpended bal-
ance of any appropriation heretofore made for the
same purpose, will enable said Commissioner to pay
to each member of such bands the sum of ten dollars
in money, and twenty dollars in rations, such as are
furnished the Army of the United States; such pay-
ment and delivery to be made only to such individ-
uals of the bands as shall remove themselves to their
reservations prior to the 1st day of December next,
$40,000;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the forty-third amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows : in line
four of said amendment strike out the word "ten/'
and insert in lieu the word "six;" and the Senate
agree to the same*
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-second amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows : strike
out of said amendment the word "five," and insert
in lieu the word*'lour;" and theSenate agree to tho
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-fourth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
strike out of said amendment the words "six thou-
sand seven hundred," and insert in lieu the words
" five thousand ;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-eighth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
strike out of said amendment the word " four," and
insert in lieu tho word "two;" and the Senate agree
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-sixth amendment of theSenate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
out of said amendment the words "seven thousand
six," and insert in lieu " five thousand five;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
in line nine of said amendment strike out the word
"four", and insert in lieu the word "three;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninetieth amendment of the Senate, and agree
- to the same with an amendment, as follows; in line
three of said amendment strike out the words "nine
hundred," and insert in lieu "seven hundred and
twenty;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninety-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: in line
three of said amendment strike out the words "nine
hundred," and insert in lieu "seven hundred and
twenty;" and tho Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and seventh amendment of theSen-
ate, and agree to the same with the following amend-
ments: after the word "cents," in line fifteen of said
amendment, insert the following words: "or so much
thereof as may be necessary," and strike out all after
the word "sell," in line twenty-one of said amend-
ment, down to and including the word "treaties,"in
line twenty-five, and insert in lieu the following
words: "six hundred twenty-one hundred and
eightieth parts of the several classes of bonds held
by him in trust for said Pottawatomie Indians, and
pay the proceeds thereof without any deduction in
compliancc with the provisions of said treaties;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
theonehundredand eleventh amendment of the Sen-
ate, and agree to tho same with an amendment, as
follows: strike out of said amendment the words
"four thousand six," and insert in lieu " three thou-
sand five;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and twelfth amendment of the Sen-
ate, and agree to the same with an amendment, as
follows: at the end of said amendment add tho fol-
lowing words: "which amount shall be deducted
from any money or funds belonging to said tribe of
Indians."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and eighteenth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to tho same with an amendment,
as follows: in line seven of said amendment strike
out tho words " twenty-five," insert in lieu the word
"fifteen," and at the end of said amendment add the
following words: "to he expended under tho direc-
tion of Itev. II. B. Whipple, of Faribault, in the
State of Minnesota;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho one hundred and nineteenth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to tho same with amendments, as
follows: in line four of said amendment strike out the
word" lifts'," and insert the word "thirty," and after
the word "dollars," in the same line, insert the fol-
lowing words: " to be expended under the direction
of Itev. II. 13. Whipple, of Faribault, in the State of
Minnesota:" and the Senate agree to the same.
That tho House reccdo from their disagreement to
tho one hundred and twenty-second amendment of
the Sonute, and agree to the i-amo with an amend-
ment, asfollows: in line twoofsaidamendmentstrike
out the words: "four thousand six" and insert in
lieu " tin ee thousand five ;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and thirty-sixth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to tho same with an amendment,
asfollows: strike out of said amendment the word
" seventy," and insert in lieu the word "fifty;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and forty-fourth amendment, and
agree to tho same with an amendment, as follows:
strike out of saidamendment tho word "fifty." and
insert in lieu the word "forty;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and forty-sixth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
asfollows: strike out of said amendment the word
"five;"' and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and forty-seventh amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: strike out of said amendment the word
"twenty," and insert in lieu the word "five."
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and fifty-first amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: strikeout of said amendment the words
"fifty-five," and insert in lieu the word "forty and
tho vSenate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement s
the amendments of the Senate numbered 152, 153,
151, and 155, andagiectothesame, with tho following
amendments: strike outallof saidfour amendments,
and strike out also lines twenty-one, twenty-two,
twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, and twen ty -
six of the bill on page 54, and insert in lieu the fol-
lowing word": "For pay of one physician, $1,200;
one blacksmith, £750; one assistant blacksmith, &500;
onefarmer, 8720; one teachcr, $750: and one carpenter,
$720, upon each of the reservations in California: and
one miller at $750, upon each of the Bound Valley
and iioopa Yalley reservations;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and fifty-seventh amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same, with an amend-
ment as follows : in line six of said amondmentstrike
out the word "fifty," and insert in lieu the word
" twenty;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and fitty-ninth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same, with amendments as (
follows: in line three of said amendment strike out j
the words "five thousand" and insert in lieu the j
words " three thousand five hundred," and at tnc |
end of said amendment add the following words:
"and the Smith river reservation is hereby discon-
tinued;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and sixtieth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to tho same, with an amendment
as follows: strike out all of said amendment, and
substitute in lieu thereof the following: "for amount
of deficiency expended in subsisting the J^avajoes at
the Bosque Redondo, according to the contractnaade
by Theodore H. Dodd, from the 22d of May, 1868,
until their removal to their old homes, 121,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary at eleven cents
per ration;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and sixty-third amendment <. f the
Senate, and agree to the same, with amendments as
follows: in line four of said amendment, after tho
word "dollars," insert t'.e following words: "to bo
expended under the direction of Lieutenant General
Sherman, of the Indian peace commission;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 164, 165,
166, andl67, and agree to thesame,with an amendment
as follows: strike out all of said four am endments., and
insert in lieu the following words: " for constructing
warehouse, agency building, blacksmith and carpen-
ter's shop, andscliool-house.per article three of said
treaty, $12,500, to be expended under tho direction
of Lieutenant General Sherman, ot the Indian peace
commission;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede lrom their disagreement to
the ono hundred and seventy-third amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same, with an amend-
ment as follows: in line three of said amendment
strikeout the words " eighty-five," and insert in lieu
the word "fifty;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the one hundred and seventy-seventh, one hun-
dred and seventy-eighth, and one hundred and
seventy-ninth amendments of the Senate, and agree
to the same, with an amendment as follows: strike
out all of said three amendments and insert in lieu
of said amendments the following words: "For this
amount for the purpose of carrying out the treaty
stipulations, making and preparing homes, furnish-
ing provisions, tools, and farming utensils, and fur-
nishing food for such bands of Indians with which
treaties have been made by the Indian peace com-
mission and not yet ratified, and defraying the ex-
penses of the commission in making suoh_ treaties
and carrying their provisions into effect, $500,000, to
be expended under the direction of Lieutenant Gen-
eral Sherman, of said commission, and drawn from
the Treasury upon his requisition upon the Secre-
tary of the Interior;" and the Senate agree to tho
same.
That the House rceede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered 187, and
agree to the same, with amendments as follows:
strike out of said amendment all after tho word
"acre," in lino curht, down to and including tho
word " ofhee," in lme thirteen, and at tho end of
said amendment add the following: " Provided fur-
ther, That all improvements made hy any persons
on said reservation before the passage of this act
shall be the sole property of the person making
them, who shall have pnority of purchase of six
hundred and forty acres of land covering and adjoin-
ing said improvements, and all said lands .shall be
sold and disposed of for money only and tho Sen-
ate agree to the same.  
TIMOTHY O. IIOWE,
J. B. HENDERSON,
L. M. MORRILL,
Munapers on the part of the Senate.
BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,
W. WISDOM,
Managers on the part of the House*
Mr. BROOKS. I would like to hear some
explanation of this report from the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLJEli, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, there are but one or two matters to
which I think it will be necessary to call the
attention of the House. The bill as it went
from the House was amended iu the Senate
by inserting quite a number of provisions
making appropriations to carry out, as was
supposed, existing treaties. In every case
where the ordinary appropriations to carry out
existing treaties were found to be required by
positive law the House agreed to the Senate
amendments.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to state what those treaties are ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I say
that wherever the ordinary appropriations for
the payment of annuities to Indians, and for
meeting the ordinary expenses of the Indian
service under the custom of the Indian depart-
ment, were required by existing law, the
amendments of the Senate have been agreed
to. Wherever any discretion was left to
Congress, and where the House bill appro-
priated less money than was proposed to be
appropriated in the. Senate amendments or in
the estimates of the Interior
there as a rule, the Senate recedes, so
leave the bill with reference to these matters
very nearly as it left the House, except  cases
where there were evidently mistakes. Thus
