1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1281
large and catholic spirit he will be entirely
gratified with the measure and give it his hearty
support.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am aware of that;
but the honorable Senator will observe that as
first introduced the resolution was for New
Hampshire, and New Hampshire alone. Prob-
ably honorable Senators may have supposed
that if it were passed in reference to New
Hampshire alone there might be some motive
suspected, and therefore it was made general.
I do not know that any other State desires to
avail itself of the munificence of Congress in
this respect.
Mr. RAMSEY. The committee were ap-
prised of the fact that thg authorities of the
State of Delaware were eager to' send these
testimonials to her gallant troops, and so made
the measure large enough to cover their case.
Mr. SAULSBURY. That State provides
a fund for the purpose.
Mr. CONNESS. It is only astonishing to
me that an honorable Senator who so warmly
espoused the cause of the war while it pre-
vailed, and voted for every appropriation to
carry it on, and in all cases from his place
spoke encouraging words to the brave men who
were engaged in fighting the battles of their
and his country, should at this time fail to give
his support to a measure providing for sending
them those rewards which they have earned so
well! 1 cannot understand the inconsistency
of the Senator from Delaware this morning.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. A very distinguished
writer has observed that there are many things
'twixt heaven and earth not dreamed of in our
philosophy. If the honorable Senator from
California cannot understand, I am not to be
held responsible for that. I have made no rec-
ord a line of which I would erase. If the hon-
orable Senator is proud of his, I am glad that
he is in good opinion with himself, and 1 hope
his opinion and himself may keep company a
gieat while in that respect. I believe that the
honorable Senator, during the war and since,
has acted according to his judgment of what
patriotism demanded of him. I suggest to him,
however, that whatever may be my respect for
his judgment, I do not recognize him as a
proper judge to sit upon my action or to scan
my motives. 1 am -not going to oppose this
measure. I only congratulate the Senator that
he and others have at last woke up at this day,
and that before the 10th of March such valu-
able services as the soldiers of New Hampshire
rendered upon the field of battle will be recog-
nized, and that before that day those soldiers
shall know that honorable Senators are grate-
ful for their services.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the joint resolution tobe.read a third time.
The resolution was read the third time, and
passed.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, its title was
amended so as to read: "A joint resolution
authorizing the transmission through the mails,
free of postage, of certain testimonials by the
adjutant generals of the several States."
LIBRARY FOR THE SENATE.
Mi-. MORRILL, of Vermont, submitted the
following resolutions; which were read:
ltesoived. That one or more of each of the books
and sets of books, maps, charts, atlases, and printed
bound documents in the possession of the Senate be
collected together by the Secretary from the various
rooms and apartments set apart lor the Senate, so
as to form one complete set or copy of each and all
of the same, which Shall be properly arranged in
classes and sections, and which, together with suclt
other books and matters as may from time to time
be directed to be procured by the Committee on the
Library of the Senate for that purpose, shall be
formed into a library of the Senate, for the special
use of its meinbors and committees and the business
oi" the Senate in the Secretary's office, under such
regulations as may be proscribed by the Committee
on the Library of the Senate for the time being,
which regulations shall be printed and furnished to
the members, committees, and officers ol tho bonate
at the commencement of each session, and shall be
observed and conformed to by them until modified or
ehiuigod by tho committee or by order of the benate.
fienolved. That a librarian shall bo appointed by
the Secretary of the Senate to take charge of thesaid
library, whose duty it shall be to keep a complete
and laithful record of every book, map, atlas, and
articlo received or placed in such library, and dili-
gently to make himself acquainted with the same, so
as to be able whenever called upon by a member, or
on the part oi a committee of the Senate, or the of-
fice of the Secretary, to furnish any such bookor other
article for use in tho library, or any information in
tabular or other form that may be required from them,
and to take a particular account of every book or
other article delivered out of the library to any mem-
bor.or committee, or the Secretary, and to require its
return to the library according to tho regulations pro-
scribed by the said Committee on the Library, or the
Senate, and also to perform such other duties in tho
said library as maybe prescribed by the said com-
mittee, the Senate, or the Secretary of the Senate;
and the compensation of the said librarian shall be
$2,000 per annum, with the same official qualification,
under oath, and subject to the same penalties for
neglcct or violation of tho rules as are the otheroffi-
cers of the Senate.
Resolved, That the arrangement made for the occu-
pation of the rooms of tho north extension of the
Capitol, sot apart for the Senate, be so far changed
that such rooms shall be appropriated for this library
as may be assigned by the Presiding Officer of the
Senate for the time being, unless otherwise ordered
by the Senate.
Mr. MOIUllLL, of Vermont. These reso-
lutions are nearly identical with some resolu-
tions introduced by the predecessor of my
colleague, the late Senator Foot, some four or
five years ago. I think it must strike Senators
with surprise that there is no library here to
which Senators can resort to find any complete
set of documents published by the Senate,
neither reports nor debates nor anything else.
They are scattered throughout all the rooms
of the Senate, and some of them are piled up
where they are utterly inaccessible even to
the committees for which they were designed.
There* are a sufficient number of these docu-
ments to form a library according to the plan
suggested in these resolutions. It will cost
nothing if they can be gathered together. It
is a matter of such great convenience to Sen-
ators and to the various committees that 1 trust
the Committee on the Library will report
favorably. I move that the resolutions be re-
ferred to that CQmmittee.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY OFFICES IN NEW YORK.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
joint resolution No. 203. I think it will not
occupy much time, and it is somewhat import-
ant to pass it.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 203) for reducing the
expenses of the War Department, and for
other purposes, was considered as in the
Committee of the Whole. It is a direction
to the Secretary of War to take immediate
measures for the reduction of the expenses
of the Army and of the War Department
at and in the vicinity of New York city, at as
early a day as practicable, by concentrating
the business of the quartermaster, commis-
sary, clothing, ordnance, and medical bureaus,
and recruiting service in that city; and for this
purpose there are to be hired and used at some
convenient and proper point in that city one
suitable building in which shall be accommo-
dated all the offices connected with and
required for the transaction of such public
business, at a cost to the Government not
exceeding $25,000 per annum; and also a
suitable buiiding or property within the harbor
of New York, or on the navigable waters
thereof, which shall have sufficient accommo-
dation of warehouse, pier, dock, and basin
room for the safe and convenient receiving,
storing, and care of all Army stores of every
kind and description belonging to either of the
bureaus or branches of the service named, at
an annual cost to the Government not exceed-
ing $50,000. Nothing herein contained is to
be construed to prevent the storage or keeping
of ordnance stores or other property at Gov-
ernor's island, or the use in any way for the
purposes of the Government of any property
or building which actually belongs to the
United States.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, and ordered to a third reading.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would inform the Senate what is the
military force now stationed in New York for
which this provision is to be made.
Mr. WILSON. We have in New York, I
believe, twenty-one different stations used for
the purposes mentioned in this resolution, and
the expense now is $126,000. This resolution
provides for its reduction to $75,000. It is be-
lieved that this reduction can be made, although
there are some of the officers of the Gov-
ernment who doubt whether it can be brought
about. The object is to concentrate into one
place, instead of twenty-one places, the differ-
ent offices in that city connected with the War
Department. We have a large number of
places in New York hired here for one purpose,
there for another, and the expense is very
large. They are scattered over the city, whereas
it would be a great convenience to have them
brought together. NewYorkisa veryimport-
ant point, and it is important to reduce the
expenses if we can.
Mr. HOWE. I agree to the importance of
reducing the expenses; but the Senator has
not answered my question. I want to know
what number of troops are stationed in New
York. This resolution proposes to spend
$75,000 in providing accommodations and
rooms for the quartermaster's and commissary
departments, in addition to the property we own
there and all we occupy on Governor's island.
It would require a pretty large military force
to be stationed in that town to justify the spend-
ing of $75,000 for commissary and quarter-
master' s quarters. I should like to know what
the force is.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot tell the Senator
precisely the amount of military force sta-
tioned there, but he should remember that the
forces are changing at different times, and that
New York is a great depot of supply from
which supplies are sent by water and by rail to
other portions of the country. Clothing, for
example, is purchased at New York and sent
all over the country to the different places
where the Army is stationed. Commissary and
quartermaster's supplies of the various kinds
are not used in New York to any great extent,
but purchased there, and sent to the Army
throughout the country. At the present time
there are twenty-one stations in New York
city, used for one purpose and another con-
nected with the Army, and this resolution pro-
poses to get them together and to reduce the
expense of carrying on this Government busi-
ness in the city of New York from $120,000
to $75,000. The Secretary of War thinks it
is doubtful whether we can cut the expenses
down quite as low as this resolution provides,
as I am informed by the gentleman who intro-
duced it into the House of Representatives,
and who has consulted the Secretary of War
in regard to it.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator cannot tell what
the force is that is employed there. Can he
tell me what legal difficulty there is in the way
of the Secretary's doing just this thing now
without this law ? If he finds one building that
will furnish the accommodations required
cheaper than twenty-one will, is there any
legal obstacle in the way of his doing it?
Mr. WILSON. I do not think there is any
legal obstacle in the way, but I think it helps
the matter along very much for Congress to
pass a resolution like this, and lay it before
him. I have no doubt that it will hasten the
thing forward. It will show the disposition
and will of Congress to do this thing. The
Senator ought to remember that we cannot
approach any branch of this Government for
reduction that we do not have protests from
this man at one place, and that man at another,
and a pretty general effort made to keep things
about as they are. I think, myself, we ought to
legislate wherever we can, and make our officers
and agents feel that we intend to reduce tho
expenses of the Government to the lowest pos-
sible point, and that their accommodation must
give way.
Mr. HOWE. I agree to all that; but, after
