123:2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
February 18,
all, if the Secretary is authorized to do it now,
and will only be authorized to do it after this
law is passed, I do not really see the import-
ance of it; but I will not protest against it.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
REDUCTION OF MILITARY FORCES, ETC.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 311, to provide for a gradual reduc-
tion in the military forces and to discontinue
csrtain unnecessary grades therein.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour has expired, and the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is House joint resolution No.
19, relative to covering into the Treasury cer-
tain moneys now in the hands of the Treasurer.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that that matter be
laid aside for the present, to go on with the
bill I have named.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That may
be done by unanimous consent. The Chair
hears 110 objection.
The bill (S. No. 311) to provide for agradual
reduction in the military forces and to discon-
tinue certain unnecessary grades therein, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The first section proposes, for the purpose
of instituting a gradual reduction iu the mili-
tary forces, to suspend the appointment of
second lieutenants, except graduates of the
Military Academy, until otherwise ordered.
The second section provides that the grade of
regimental commissary in the several cavalry
regiments shall be abolished so soon as the
same shall become vacant, and any vacancy
occurring in cavalry regiments shall be filled
by assignment of a regimental commissary
thereto, if of the same grade, instead of by a
new appointment, and the vacancy of regi-
mental commissary shall not again be filled by
promotion, appointment, 01* assignment; and
that each cavalry regiment shall hereafter have
but one veterinary surgeon, whose compensa-
tion shall be $100 per month.
The third section abolishes the grades ot
regimental commissary sergeantand regimental
hospital steward, and reduces the number of
corporals in each company of cavalry, artil-
lery, and infantry to four, and these non-com-
missioned officers are to have the privilege of
receiving an honorable discharge, with full pay
and allowances to the actual date thereof, if
they shall so elect, in preference to remaining
in the service in such other grades as may be
assigned to them by the Secretary ot War.
Section four directs fourteen of the bands
authorized by section seven of the act to in-
crease and fix the, military peace estab hsh-
ment, approved July 28, 1866, (not to include
the band at the Military Academy,) shall be
honorably discharged without delay, and their
discharges shall take effect so as to entitle
them to receive full pay and allowances to the
actual date thereof. . .
Section five provides that nothing m this act
shall be so construed as to authorize the dis-
charge of any commissioned officer and repeals
all inconsistent provisions.
The bill, having been referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, was
reported with amendments. The first amend-
ment was to strike out all of the second section
after the enacting clause and in lieu thereof to
insert: .
That tho crude of regimental commissary in. Uio
several cavalry regiments shall be. and it is hereby,
lieutenants of their grade.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
to strike out in line two the word _ and, a a
after 1' steward,'' in line three, to insert and
veterinary surgeonso as to make the section
read:
That the grades of regimental commissary ser-
geant. regimental hospital steward, and veterinary
surgeon are hereby abolished.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, to
strike out the words " and all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with the provisions 01 this
act are hereby repealed" and in lieu thereof
to insert "and officers of the Army on leave
or on the retired list shall not be considered
as changing station when obeying an order for
duty;" so as to make the section read:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That.noft"1S;1„n
this act shaft bo so construed as to author;zo tl «< •?
charpreof any commissioned officer, and officers ot the
Army on leave or 011 the retired listshalinot be eon
sidered as changing station >vhen obeying an ora
for duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the follow-
ing as a new section :
Sec, 6. And be it further enacted, That no bounty
shall be paid to a deserter from the Army or the
Navy in any case whatever, unless tho becretary 01
War or the Secretary of the Navy, as tho case may
be, shall previously order the charge of desertion to
bo canceled, solely 011 tho ground that it had been
erroneously made, and all acts and parts of actsincon-
sistent with tho provisions of this act are lieroey
repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed tor a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
CAPTURED AND ABANDONED PROPERTY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The tin-
J. iiC 1 I" ^ ^ ^
finished business of yesterday is the joint reso-
lution (II. It. No. 19) directing that certain
moneys now 111 the hands of the United States
Treasurer, as special agent of the Treasury
Department, be covered by warrant into the
United States Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that, without fur-
ther debate, that resolution will be referred to
the Committee on Retrenchment, and I make
that motion. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not act upon it, 1
would inquire of the Senator from Ohio. Why
not adopt it?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ver-
mont is not here, and he has some amend-
ments which he desires to offer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then let it be laid aside
for the present. I do not see any object in
referring it. .
Mr. SHERMAN. I think a reference is the
best course. . --
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a plain proposi-
tion, and I sec no necessity for a reference. It
has been debated long enough.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would prefer that it
should be referred, and I make that motion.
I will state that the resolution was originally
reported by the Committee 011 Finance, and I
wish to be relieved from the care of it, so that
tho Senator from Vermont may take charge
of it and call it up when he can and pass it.
I trust my motion to refer may be adopted
without debate, and then the Senator from
Vermont will have charge of it and can call it
up when he desires. _
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be
referred. It has been certainly delayed long
enough, and the Senator from Vermont can
take charge of it just as well without a refer-
ence as with. I move that it be postponed
until to-morrow, so that the Senate may pro-
ceed with the case of the Senator from Mary-
land.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
I concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 718) making appropria-
1 tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
I of the Government for the year ending June
1 30, 1869, and for Other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 763) for the relief of
A TCieric&n. citizens abroad 5
A joint resolution (IT. R. No. 10 ) author-
izing the Comptroller of the Currency to re-
voke the appointment of receiver for the
Farmers' and Citizens' National Bank of Wil-
liamsburg, and to restore said bank to its own-
ers under certain conditions -, and _
A bill (H. R. No. 603) granting pensions to
certain soldiers and sailors of the war of 181J.
SENATOR FROM MARYLAND.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. John-
son on the 18th of December, 1807 :
taking the oaths prescribed by the Constitution and
laws of the United States.
The pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Sumxer, to strike out all alter the
word "resolved" and insert:
That Philip 3?. Thomas, Senator-elect from
land, cannot be permitted to take the oaths of ofcee
required by the Constitution and laws, inasmuch as
heallowed his minorson to leave the paternal house
and serve as a rebel soldier, and gave him at the
time $100 in money, all of which ^as aid, eorate-
nnanee, or encouragement to the rebellion, which
was forbidden to give; and further, inasmuch at m
forbearing to disclose and make known the treason
of his son to the President or other
ties, according to the requirement ot the statute m
such eases, he was guilty of misprision of ^reason as
defined by existing law.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President 
Mr. TltUMBULL. As the Senator from
Maryland lias charge of this matter, and de-
sires to close the debate upon it, I propose, if
he will allow it, to reply briefly to some obser-
vations that have been made in the Senate
since I had occasion to address the body upon
this subject before he proceeds. I submit it,
however, entirely to him.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection in the
world ; and if the honorable Senator wishes to
address tho Senate further in support of the
resolution I prefer that, he should do so now.
My desire is to close the debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, when
this report was brought in from the Judiciary
Committee it did not receive my assent, but it
did receive the assent of a majority of the
committee, and was reported by them to the
Senate for its consideration. The reason it
did not receive my assent was that I thought
it the duty of the committee to whom the
matter had been referred to express an opin-
ion upon it one way or the other. However, a,
majority thought otherwise, and that majority
submitted the following report:
"That they have taken the evidence submitted
herewith, and that they find nothing sufficient, m
the opinion of the committee, to debar said Thomas
from taking his seat, unless it be found in tho fact
of the son of said Thomas having entered the mili-
tary service of the coulederaey and in the circum-
stances connected with that fact or relating to it, and
without the expression of an opinion in regard to
this point they report the whole evidence to the
Senate."
The committee reported upon all the case,
including the resignation of Mr. Thomas,
which was before them, except upon the point
of the son having entered the rebel service
and the circumstances connected with it : and
they repoited the whole testimony to the Sen-
ate. I wish to say that my friend from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] agreed to this report. • The
Senator from New York, [Mr. Conklixg,]
the Senator from Nevada, and other Senators
upon the Judiciary Committee carried this
report. In their opinion, after a full investi-
gation, there was nothing in this case to pre-
vent Mr. Thomas taking his seat except this
matter connected with his son ; and yet here,
in the Senate, we find that the objection to
Mr. Thomas is put upon entirely different
grounds, and he is sought to be excluded by
the most extraordinary eourse that I have ever
known adopted upon such a question since
two Senators from the State of Indiana were
admitted to seats here some years ago without
having been elected to the Senate by a ma-
jority vote of the Legislature. I think that
