THE CONGRESSION"A L GLOBE.
April %
believe we had better doit1, I would discharge
all the apothecaries and *.ho carpenter an4 the
farmer and the gardener, and 1 think I would
reduce.the number of washers and laborers;
but I am not sure about that. I think I should
try to get along with less than three watchmen
iaan ordinary hospital. I do not believo thoy
are necessary. I think I should try and get
that number down to the number that is em-
ployed at Annapolis.
Mr. BAM8EY. As the Senator from Wis-
consin seems to have informed himself on this
subject, I should like to ask him a question to
see whether his opinion agrees with mine. I
am told that if this reduction of the appropri-
ation for the hospitals takes place several of
the largest hospitals in the country will have
to be closed. While I am in favor of reducing
the appropriations for the Navy, I should be
very sorry to commence at this end of them. 1
am willing to vote for any amendment involv-
ing the reduction of the men in (he Navy ; but
I should bo very sorry indeed to see the na-
val asylums or naval hospitals interfered with,
unless there be an absolute necessity for it, and
I am told if this reduction takes place several
of the largest hospitals in the country will have
to be closed.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. Presidont, I make it a
point never to speak unless I have something
to sayi and never to say anything unless I know
something about the subject, it has been my
duty in my lifetime to examine some of these
marine hospitals officially.
Mr. FESSENDEN. These are naval hos-
pitals.
Mr. CRAG IN. I find, sir, that I am mis-
taken. I will say, however, that I once had
occasion to examine the hospital at Portland
and the hospital at Chelsea, in Massachusetts,
and I supposed, from the debate I had heard
011 the subject, that those were the class of
hospitals referred to in this bill.
Mp. WILSON. The one at Chelsea is.
Air. CRAGIN. Then it seems I am not so
much mistaken.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to inquire
whether the Senator from Wisconsin, in the
remarks that he made on this subject, was in
any better condition than the Senator from
New Hampshire? [Laughter.]
Mr. CRAGIN. I thought I was right when
I commenced ; but being told by some older
Senators that [ was probably incorrect, I con-
cluded to take my seat. But some (ivc years
ago- 1 had occasion officially to examine the
hospital at Chelsea, Massachusetts, and 1 can
assure t.lic Senator from Wisconsin that it is a
very different establishment from the one at
Annapolis. It is a very largo building, prob-
ably containing at least one hundred rooms,
and there are there many permanent patients,
sailors who are suffering with chronic diseases
and who stay there through the year.
Mr. HOWARD. How many?
Mr. CItAGIN. I should say aboutonc hun-
dred permanent patients, and then there are
others coming and going. In She case at An-
napolis, although the number maybe five hun-
dred-, as the Senator roads from some report,
they were probably temporary patients that
came there tor a day or two with only some
little-ailments, and a few men could take care
of them and they were soon away, and others
came. But at Chelsea many of the patients
are permanent, and the establishment has to
be maintained on a permanent basis. There
are several acres of land ; the establishment is
a very fine one ; the land is kept in fine shape,
and it is a credit to the Department. There is
very great reason why that establishment and
the one in New York, which, I presume, is
superior to that at Chelsea, should require a
much larger force. I found in my examina-
tions that the number of patients treated upon
Cape Cod was gi eater than the number at
Chelsea hospital, but they were treated only
for a day or two perhaps, and the expense was
very small. This little four-room hospital
down at Annapolis can easily be taken care
of by eight or ten men ; but it was one part
of my duty to go to tbe Chelsea hospital and
examine and see whether the force could be
reduced, whether there were more men em-
ployed there than were necessary, whether
their salaries were higher than it was proper
should be paid. My report to the Treasury
Department, according to my recollection,
shows that there was no greater number than
was necessary. I thought the institution was
managed with great economy and with great
credit, and I still believe it.
I hope these appropriations will not bo cut
down, Mr. President. These sailors pay out
of their monthly pay a certain sum that goes
to make up the general fund that supports them
when they are sick. These hospitals are built
by the Government, and the mere personnel
of the establishment is supported by the Gov-
ernment; but the great amount of the money
that goes to support these sick sailors they pay
themselves out of their monthly pay.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is quite mis-
taken about onr building the hospitals. Many
of them are built by the sailors themselves.
The one in this city is built out. of the deduc-
tions made from the pay of the sailors.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Out of the hospital fund ?
Mr. IIOWE. 1 am not going to occupy any
more time than is necessary to say, in reply to
Ihe Senator from New Hampshire, that it' he
supposes I am trying to take away any support
from the disabled or sick sailors lie is en-
tirely mistaken. The point I make, and to
which I wish to direct the attention of the
Senate, is simply this: that the fact that, we
have some sick sailors to take care of is no
reason why we should put the whole civil fra-
ternity, men, women, and children, underpay.
They arc not sick sailors. Whatever is neces-
sary to take care of the disabled sailors ought
to lie and will be provided freely and abund-
antly at all times.
These are appropriations not to support thes"
sailors there, but to support, two or three thou-
sand other men and women who never were
seamen at all. TheSenator from New Hamp-
shire says that there is a large number at
Chelsea hospital of chronic cases', and lie esti-
mates the number at one hundred. If he will
look at the report which is right before him he
will see that oil two different days, of' which we
have authentic accounts, there was not half
that number in that, hospital.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I simply wish
to mention the fact that the appropriation for
this purpose last year was
The amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the next excepted amend-
ment, which was in line five of section two, to
strike out "eight" and insert " seven."
Mr. DltAKlO. Upon that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. 1I1CN01UCICS. I do not, intend to
delay the action of the Senate upon this bill,
except to say one or two things upon this pro-
position. I did not suppose that the Senate
would agree to the proposition of the Senator
from New York, and was veiy much surprised
at the vote. This question has been consid-
ered somewhat in the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and 1 know that there is not before,
that committee sueh information as justifies so
large a reduction. Now f ask Senators upon
what, information they have reduced the Navy
in its force to seventy-five hundred? Upon
what information has this reduction been
made? There is none from the Department
upon which we can rely; and I understand the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
to say that his committee had no information
that would enable them to act with snch cer-
tainty upon the subject as ought to prevail.
The Committee on Naval Affairs, through
its chairman, has agreed and is willing to con-
sent to a reduction to eighty-nvehundred ; and
I must say that that reduction was agreed to
by the chairman without very full information
communicated to the rest Of the committee;
but upon a question of that sort I was willing
to accept of" the judgment of the chairman.
We all know that he is well informed in regard
to the Navy, its wants, its force, what is ex-
pected of it; therefore, when he has investi-
gated a subject which I have not investigated
in regard to the Navy, I am willing very much
to rely upon his judgment. But 1 repeat the
question: upon what information has the Sen-
ate agreed to reduce the force in the Navy a
thousand almost less than was found neces-
sary for years before the'war? I ask Senators,
in giving this vote, how many ships have we?
What is their character ? Upon what, service
are they expected to _ be employed? What
number of men is required upon any one ship?
Is there a Senator here who has voted to re-
duce this force to seventy-five hundred who
can tell the Senate what force is necessary
upon a single ship in the service?^ Where are
those ships to be employed ? What portion
are to remain in port and what are to be upon
the sea ? Senators are not informed upon a
question of that sort. We need very much
information from the Department, and 1 thought
it was going a great way when the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs proposed
at one step to cut down from the war standard
to the peace .standard of the Navy.
But that seems not satisfactory to tbe Sena-
tor from New York, but we must go still a
thousand below that. I know he includes the
apprentices ; but they are not regarded as a
portion of t he force that is to take charge of
and manage the ships. We have come one
thousand below that which was found neces-
sary from 1857 to the commencement of the
war, instead of eighty-five hundred seventy-
five hundred. Now, 1 ask Senators upon what
information have they given this vote? I be-
lieve there is not a member of tbe Committee
on Naval Affairs who has advocated it. They
have given the subject some attention ; but
without the opinion of a single member of that
committee—a committee that ought to invest-
igate the question as to the force necessary in
the Navy—you reduce the Navy a thousand
below what the chairman of the committee
upon his observation and investigation says is
necessary to keep the Navy in proper condi-
tion ; and you do that when the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations tells you
that he lias no information to guide him. Are
Senators willing in regard to the Navy to vote to
fix the force necessary to maintain it, without
any information, at a thousand less than the
chairman says is necessary, a thousand less than
was in the force prior to the war ?
I do not, Mr. President, profess to say my-
self what the force ought to be. but I do not
think the opinion of the Senator from New
i ork ought, to prevail altogether upon this
question. I defer very much to his judgment,
but not quite enough to say that the Committee
on Naval Affairs ought to be disbanded in the
Senate. If Senators believe that the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs is of no importance in
this body, then you had better disband it, wipe
it from among the regular committees of the
body. If there is any one question upon whic-b
the Senate ought to have the judgment of the
Naval Committee it is certainly the question
as to the force necessary to leave the Navv in
a proper condition. Against the judgment of
every member of that committee you liave
voted to reduce it below the standard that pre-
vailed prior to the war.
Do Senators legislate thus upon other ques-
tions and m reference to other poisons of the
service i If it.was proposed arbitrarily to reduce
any pait of the public service, would you do
that without any information from the ]Vr> rt
ment at all? WollW you do it wW
suggestion from the appropriate committee'
Would you do it m the face of tbe judgment
of the entire committee?
I do not understand Mr. President, this vote
I cannot comprehend it. I have never seen
an.important, action taken so entirely withou?
information. It may be that wo do ,,,,V ,
half this torce; 1 am „ot preyed ' f(l
I know the best guide i« 1 ISI?
as. The Navy does need as hZl 'A
had before the war, from 1857 to lStil.'06 ^ "
