4804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21.
a very great number of amendments were
settled upon an examination of the law. Then
the Senate had made quite a number of large
appropriations, and there are two classes of
these to which I wish to call the attention of
the House.
The first important item is an appropriation
of $350,000, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Lieutenant General of the Army, in
bringing in hostile tribes and putting them
upon reservations under treaties and stipula-
tions, as they arc sometimes not treaties, made
by the peace commissioners. A very large
discretion has been given to the Lieutenant
General in using that fund. He appeared
before the conference committee by letter and
two m,embers of the peace commission in per-
son, and they assured us that by the use of
these funds to the amount of $350,000, in addi-
tion to $150,000 already appropriated, various
hostile tribes will be put out of the way, and
that some five or six million dollars will be
saved in the expenses of the Army. We ap-
propriate 8370,000 instead of certain specific
appropriations, as in the Senate amendments.
Then there is another case where a very
large appropriation was necessary to be made.
The Navajo Indians were removed by a Uni-
ted States officer some four years ago to a
reservation known as the Bosque liedondo, the
Bound Grove, where they had nothing to live
on, where they could not raise anything, but
where they were kept as prisoners of war and
fed by the Army until last November, at an
expense of some eight hundred thousand dol-
lars a year. Some say the expense was much
larger, but that I think may be regarded as a
fair statement. The Indian peace commission
have removed those Indians back to their own
country, where they have tilled fields, fruit
trees, and other means of living. In taking
them back to their homes it becomes neces-
sary to build huts and proper storehouses and
other buildings, and to give them farming uten-
sils and cattle, and we appropriate $200,000
for that purpose. We also agree to pay an
annuity of five dollars a head to these Indians
for this year and for two years longer, although
we have appropriated only for this year, to set
them up in housekeeping as it were. We ap-
propriate three hundred and twenty thousand
dollars and odd to take care of these seventy-
two hundred Indians and to restore to them
what we have taken from them. To my mind
the plan will be successful, and it will be a
clear saving to the Treasury.
Mr. WARD. What is the amount of that
appropriation ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. About
three hundred and twenty thousand dollars.
Mr. WARD. For this single tribe ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. For this
single tribe of seventy-two hundred Indians.
Mr. WARD. What was the original appro-
priation as it went from the House?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. One hun-
dred thousand dollars for feeding them, to the
man who was feeding them where they were.
By this we restore them to their homes, where
they are hereafter to be self-sustaining. As I
have already said the Army fed them until last
November, and fed them at a ration which
costtwenty-four cents. Congress having appro-
priated $100,000 toward feeding them, they
wore fed at eighteen cents a ration by a con-
tract with the Indian Bureau, costing about
twenty-one thousand dollars a month to the
Government. That appropriation was ex-
hausted and $80,000 had to be taken from
another appropriation, they being where they
could not raise anything for themselves and
being prisoners of war. Finding the appro-
priation was exhausted, the contractor refused
to go on with his contract, and the Indian
peace commission found that the contract under
which he had been feeding them at eighteen
cents the ration was being executed by a sub-
contractor at eleven cents, leaving to the con-
tractor a clear profit of $560 a day, and that
without having anything to do except to draw
the money. The peace commission made a
contract at eleven cents until they get to their
homes. Then they will not want any more
feeding by the Government.
There has been an amendment in the Senate
of $120,000 to supply a deficiency in the ap-
propriation for the purpose of carrying out
that contract. We put in enough at eleven
cents a ration to feed them until they get to
their new homes. With the exception of these
two large appropriations there is substantially
no other great ease in this appropriation bill.
Otherwise the principle of the House has been
carried out.
Mr. CLEVER. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman in regard to the appropriation for the
contract for feeding the Navajo Indians in
New Mexico. How do you intend to pay it?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am very
glad to answer the gentleman's inquiry. The
Delegate from New Mexico asks me how we
intend to pay it. I for one never intend to pay
it. At eleven cents a ration it would come to
about one hundred and thirty-eight thousand
dollars. I do not mean to be held to the exact
figures. But there has been paid on that con-
tract $180,000, leaving already about forty
thousand dollars profit. By my vote the con-
tractors never shall get any more.
Mr. CLEVER. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. CLEVER. I think the gentleman is
making progress in the doctrine of repudia-
tion. Now, sir, there are $120,000 due to the
people of New Mexico for feeding the Navajo
Indians. It is true contracts were made by
the Indian Bureau with certain parties—I do
not remember their names—to feed these In-
dians; but the provisions, the cattle, the flour,
the salt, and everything, were purchased upon
the credit of the Government from the people
of New Mexico. Now there are on file in
the Interior Department the vouchers showing
that these supplies were delivered by citizens
of New Mexico to these contractors, but here
the gentleman comes in and proposes to strike
out all the appropriation because, he says, the
contract price was too high. Now, sir, that is
not the people's fault, but the fault of the agents
who made the contract. I am satisfied that
the supplies were delivered to these Indians.
The contract was made by Colonel Dodd, one
of the best Indian agents in the United States.
But be that as it may, if the contract has been
made, if the people of New Mexico have deliv-
ered these supplies, if the Government has had
the benefit of them, is it right that this House
should refuse to pay for them? You may just
as well get up and say we are not bound to pay
our national debt. 1 say we ought to pay every
debt which is fairly incurred by ourselves or
our agents. They have contracted to feed
these Indians during a time when there were
no appropriations available; $120,000 is the
amount due, and I think some provision should
be made to pay these men who have given their
beef, their flour, their meal, and their food of
various kinds for the subsistence of these In-
dians. Whether the gentleman likes the con-
tractors or not, is not the question. The ques-
tion is, is it an honest debt? I believe it is,
and that Congress therefore is bound to pay it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
state, Mr. Speaker, a little at length now ex-
actly all of this contract. One Elijah Seim-
erley, of Greenville, Tennessee, which isa town
blessed once by the residence of our Chief
Magistrate, undertook to feed the Indians on
the Bosque Redondo in New Mexico. lie
had neither money nor credit. He sold out
his contract before he had anything. He sold
out three eights to C. B. Johnson, of Texas,
three eights more to Perry Fuller, of Kansas,
late of Washington city ; one eighth he kept,
and the other one eighth I have not been able to
trace. Having done that, the parties carried
on the contract a short time and then sold it to
a man in New Mexico by the name of Patter-
son, a very respectable and reliable man, I am
happy to say, for eleven cents a ration. The
original parties were to receive nineteen cents
a ration. Mr. Patterson had a very good thing
of it at eleven cents, as the rations cost
about eight cents each. Under that contract
there was paid to Seimerley and his as-
signees $180,000 at nineteen cents a ration,
whereas Patterson was willing to furnish the
rations at eleven cents. Mr. Dodd, who I am
happy to say also seems to be a very respect-
able gentleman so far as I could learn for an
Indian agent, went into the business and
made this contract to continue feeding the
Indians, when, on the 22d day of May, after
having received $180,000, and the money not
coming in quite as fast as they wanted it, these
contractors broke their contract and refused
to feed the Indians any further. Therefore
they notified the sub-contractor, Patterson,
that they would not feed them any longer, and
that he must not feed them. Therefore Mr.
Dodd contracted to continue the feeding, keep-
ing the price of the rations at eleven cents until
the troops should come there and remove the
Indians; so that we do not owe anything to
these people in New Mexico. Theyhavedone
nothing on the faith of the Government. There
is nut a man who has ever been a citizen of
New Mexico, so far as I know, that had any-
thing to do with this contract except Mr. Pat-
terson, and he has his remedy against the men
who employed him. I say again that $180,000
in cash have been taken out of the Treasury and
paid to these contractors, when $138,000, or
about that, would have paid all they ever ought
to have had.
Now, there are gentlemen from Tennessee
who know about this Mr. Seimerley, and I
am informed—and if I do anybody injustice I
will give my authority—I am informed by gen-
tlemen who know him that Mr. Seimerley
lias been employed in buying up the debts of
the Indian Commissioner, Mr. Taylor, at a
discount since he took that contract. I do not
know that those two things have anything to do
with each other, but I apply the rule of the
man who said he knew the miller's hogs were
fat, but he did not know on whose corn they
were fattened.
X have brought this matter to the attention of
the House that the House may see the difficul-
ties under which the Committee on Appropria-
tions labored in regard to Indian affairs. This
is the great item that we have struck out.
I have been asked whether the $1,800,000
under the Choctaw and Chickasaw treaty is in
this bill. Upon examination the committee
had no doubt of the justice of that claim; but
as the House had refused to recognize or pass
it when it was presented here, we did not feel
authorized to put it in. We did, however,
agree to an amendment of the Senate, that
the Committees on Indian Affairs of the two
Houses shall examine into the justice of the
claim and report to Congress at its next ses-
sion. That is all that has been done about
that claim.
I now yield to my colleague on the com-
mittee of conference from Ohio, [Mr. Vax
Trump. ]
Mr. VAN TRUMP. While I agree in the
main with all the provisions of this bill, and
with nearly all the amendments that have been
put upon it, both by the Senate and by the
committee of conference, I have an objection
to one of the amendments so strong that I
could not bring my mind to indorse it by my
signature to the report.
I agree with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. !;[:] that all this money that is
spent or appropriated outside of treaty stipula-
tions is well appropriated in regard to those
Indians with whom no treaties have been made,
because every dollar, in my opinion, that is
thus appropriated will save not only hundreds
but thousands of dollars in avoiding subse-
quent difficulties with the Indians unless these
appropriations are made.
But my objection is to the fifty-ninth amend-
ment, and I will thank the Clerk to read it, so
that the House may understand it.
The Clerk read as follows:
For expenses of taking a census and investigating
