1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1233
-was quite as extraordinary as anything I have
witnessed on the present occasion.
Mr. President, this case is not to be decided
according to our feelings. We are acting here
in a judicial capacity, and are to decide the
case accoi-ding to the law and the facts as ap-
plicable to the law under which we act. The
question is not whether Mr. Thomas is a proper
man to be selected as Senator by the State of
Maryland ; it is not whether he was in sympa-
thy with the rebellion; whether he did nis
duty as a patriot. The State of Maryland has
a right to send any one of her citizens here as a
Senator who possesses the constitutional qual-
ifications and those prescribed by* the oath of
office. That Mr. Thomas has the constitu-
tional qualifications nobody questions. Whether
he can properly take the oath is the only ques-
tion,-and on that the committee reported that
there was no question except in regard to what
occurred with his son. What do we find here
in the Senate ? My object in rising is chiefly
to reply to some observations that have fallen
from Senators during this discussion. I have
been referred to as the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee, as if I was responsible for
the report and as if i had some feeling about
this question. I certainly have none. Mr.
Thomas is not a person of my selecting. The
most extraordinary observations have fallen
from Senators on this subject. I am sorry that
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] is
not here. I read from his speech, as reported
in the Globe. In speaking of Mr. Thomas's
Bon, he says:
"Here the boy himself was a notorious rebel, if it
la not uncivil, if it would uot offend the ears of my
friend from Illinois, who believes this to be a great
man."
Now, I submit to the Senate what has that
to do with Mr. Thomas's right to a seat. I do
not know any warrant the Senator from Ver-
mont had to say that I believed him to be a
great "man or a small one. I had expressed no
opinion in regard to him in that respect. Why
speak of its offending me to speak of the boy
as a rebel? I claiufno superior patriotism and
loyalty above my fellow-Senators, and I do not
know that the term "rebel"' is to me more
offensive than it is to them. Sir, this question
is not to be decided by denunciation of traitors
and rebels. That would do very well in an
appeal to a popular assembly if you desired to
arouse its feeling against treason and traitors
and make them infamous. While I make no
superior pretensions, I claim to be as loyal and
true to the Government as any of these gentle-
men who denounce treason in such high-sound-
ing words; and I have no more respect for
traitors or treason than any of them.
The chief point dwelt upon in the Senate to
exclude Mr. Thomas from his seat is his resig-
nation from the Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan;
and the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,]
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,]
and the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
go back to the circumstances preceding the
war and hold them up in the Senate and ex-
cite against the treasonable acts of that period
the just indignation of all their hearers. I
share with them in their abhorrence of treason
and of the acts of the men who inaugurated
it. But what of that? Is Mr. Thomas, Sen-
ator-elect from Maryland, therefore not en-
titled to his seat? If he is or was a traitor
show the fact, and I apprehend there is not a
Senator here that would vote to give him a
seat. Treason is justly odious; but the ques-
tion is, is Mr. Thomas connected with this
treason? That is the point. How is he con-
nected with it? To show the character of these
accusations let me read what the Senator from
Vermont said:
"And then, it having been decided that theBrook-
lyn should go"—
To the relief of Fort Sumter—
"although unhappily she drew so much water that
she could not get over the bar, Mr. Thomas on the
very next morning publishes to the country, rebels
and all, that it is not in his power to defend the
Constitution ot the United States and support the
President ot' the United States in the measures that,
b> dint of great exertions, Mr. Stanton and Mr. Holt
40tji Cong. 2d Ses's.—No. VS.
and Mr. Black had succeeded in getting carried to
relieve that fortress. He threw up his commission
in the face of the enemy and told the President
boldly to his face that the reason why he would not
continue at his post was tho fact that a ship of war
was on its way to Charleston to relieve that fort. And
yet my honorable friend froui Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] has just told us that when Mr. Thomas resigned
there was nothing but peace
%f I believed that Sir. Thomas threw up his
commission and told the President boldly to
liis face that the reason why he would not con-
tinue at his post was the fact that a ship of
war was on its way to Charleston to relieve that
fort I should agree with the Senator from Ver-
mont. But is the statement true? Is there
any evidence to support it? What is the tes-
timony? Let us compare the testimony with
the declaration, for if Mr. Thomas is to be de-
nied his right to a seat it should be on the facts
of the case and not on declarations and high-
sounding words against treason. What does
Mr. Thomas say ? Does he say to Mr. Bu-
chanan to hisfacc, " I throw up my commission
because I cannot agree with you in sending the
Brooklyn to the relief of Fort Sumter?" I
will read what he says before the committee.
After stating that he went to see the President,
he continues:
" When I entered the room I was informed by him
that there were persons fromNewYorkwho saidthat
^ long as I was Secretary of the Treasury money
could not be obtained for the uso of the Government
in tho way oxloans, and I forthwith said, 'Then, sir,
I resign the place. If you are determined to allow
people to come here and discuss my management of
the Treasury Department and say such things of me
I cannot stay in that relation to you;' and I toldhiin
X would furnish my resignation next morning, and I
did so. I resigned the office ou that account, and
none other."
Is that what is put in his mouth by the Sen-
ator from "Vermont when he says he " told
the President boldly to his face that the reason
why he would not continue at his post was the
fact that a ship of war was on its way to Charles-
ton?" He says he resigned on account of this
committee coming here from New York. And
who were this committee? Mr. Vail, cashier
of the Bank of Commerce, who testified before
this committee, tells us:
"Mr. John C. Green, Mr. Moses Taylor, and Mr.
A. A. Low, of New York, came here as a committee
and waited on the President.*' * * *■ *
"I know that these gentlemen came to Washington,
and I have heard from them the result of their in-
terview. They came here and had an interview with
Air. President Buchanan. They said to him that if
he desired money to be raised for the use of the Gov-
ernment he must appoint some one to tho Treasury
Department who had the entire confidence of tiie
mercantile and linaneial men. Mr. Buchanan was a
good deal exercised in the matter, and asked tlicm
if they came to Washington to dictate who should
comprise his Cabinet."
That committee came on here, Mr. Thomas
tells you, some time before his resignation,
and Mr. Vail says:
" It was not many days afterward when it was an-
nounced—I think on the morning of the 12th of Jan-
uary—that Mr. Dix had been made Secretary of the
Treasury."
It was not many days afterward, but some
days afterward. That committee came on here
anj urged upon Mr. Buchanan to change his
Secretary of the Treasury. Mr. Thomas tells
you that when be went up to the President's
in obedience to a summons the President told
him of this, and Mr. Thomas then told the
President he should resign his office, and he
"I resigned the office on that account and none
other. When I did resign I was endeavoring to
make arrangements to secure the balance of the loan
under the act of December 17,1S60, to be taken on
better terms than the first portion of it was, and I
had the assistance and advice and counsel of other
persons, loyal rnco, too, to enablo me to do it. 1
would also like to refer the committee to a letter
which has been hied, I think, fchowing.iny official
action as {Secretary ot the Treasury, when I received
the resignation of an officer in the revenue-cutter
service, Mr. Costd, who was in charge of the revenue
cutter at Charleston which was surrendered to the
South Carolina authorities. I cousidered it a great
outrage, a great wrong to the Government, and a
most dishonorable act, and I dismissed him from the
service."
How does that compare with such state-
ments as are made in the Senate by the Sena-
tor from Vermont and the Senator from Indiana
and others? Mr. Thomas, as Secretary of the
Treasury, considered the resignation of a man
in command of a revenue cutter in Charleston
harbor, to assist in collecting the revenue,
under the circumstances, as a dishonorable
act, and refused to receive his resignation and
dismissed him dishonorably from the service.
This is an official fact. I am surprised to find
such language put into the mouth of Mr.
Thomas when his statements and the official
record so flatly contradict them.
But that portion of his letter of- resignation
is commented upon in which he says that he
cannot agree with the President in the meas-
ures which he has adopted. I should like to
know of the Senator from Indiana if he agreed
with the President in the measures which were
adopted in the winter of 1860-61 ? Did you,
sir? Did I? No truly loyal man agreed with
the President in the measures which were
adopted. Why, sir, he took no steps to pro-
tect the public property. Did he not suffer the
custom-houses, forts, and arsenals from New
Orleans to the Potomac to be taken possession
of by the enemies of the country without lift-
ing a finger?
But the worst construction is put upon Mr.
Thomas's conduct. It is said he did not agree
with the President—not because the President
did not discharge his duty as he ought to have
done, but because Mr. Thomas wanted him to
do less than he did do. I say there is not in
this testimony one particle of-evidence to sus-
tain such an accusation; and according to all
the rules of evidence, you are not to draw from
a fact an evil intent and purpose when you can
just as legitimately draw a good intent and a
good purpose. I have as much to right to say
that he disagreed with Mr. Buchanan for the
same reason that the Senator from Indiana and
the Senator from Nevada disagreed with him,
as they have to say that he disagreed with him
because he did not surrender the Government
totally up into the hands of the rebels. Sir, I
have a better right to assume that he disagreed
with Mr. Buchanan because he was not more
efficient when I show you by the testimony that
he struck from the rolls of the revenue service
a man who sought to resign. Take the facts
as they are. Do not pervert the testimony.
Do not put words into Mr. Thomas's mouth
that he never uttered. If satisfied that what
he did constitated the offense of giving aid and
comfort to the rebellion, I shall vote with the
gentlemen who think he ought not to be per-
mitted to qualify.
The Senator from Vermont says:
"He was silent when he was accused of associating
exclusively with the sympathizers of the rebellion,
lie was silent when a word from hiin, if it had been
true, could have shown us that from some other
motive or some other misfortune it was that he ap-
peared in this questionable light."
The Senator from "Vermont is speaking of
his presence before the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. He says Mr. Thomas was there, and
he was silent. Was he silent? Have I not
just read to you what he said? I will read
somethiug more that he said:
"A groat many other tilings occurred Which illus-
trated my manner of administration of the Treas-
ury Department, without reference to the coming
troubles. I should have considered myself dishon-
ored if I had allowed any considerations to influence
me in tho conduct of the business of the Department
other than what was due to the Government."
Was his mouth shut? Did he not speak out
before the committee ? There is his language.
What becomes, then, of this far-fetched, this
manufactured testimony? for it is not here. It
is not true that he stood there silentwhen the
witnesses' were being examined against him.
He made a statement which is reported here
by the committee. If the Senate is disposed
to act upon imagination, upon fancied opin-
ions, upon what they supposed he might have
said, that is one thing; but if they act upon
what actually occurred they must take it as it
did occur.
But the Senator from Michigan took a good
deal of time to show that war, "flagrant war,"
existed at the beginning of January, 1S61. He
says that the statement -which I made that at
the time of his resignation 
