1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
claims of loyal Creek, refugees and freedmen as per
article four of the treaty of Juno 14, 1860. $2,000:
Provided, That no money herein appivpriated to the
Creek tribe of Indians shall be paid to them until
such Creeks as may have been properly enrolled by
the Creek agent previous to the 14th day of March
A. D. 1867, and who were refused any share in the
money then distributed per capita, under orders from
Louis V. Bogy, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for
tiio reason that said persons were of African descent,
shall first be paid therefrom a per cupita dividend,
equal to that to which they were entitled on said
payment of March 14,1867, and equal to that paid to
all Creek citizens at that time.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
do not oppose this appropriation because they
are freedmen belonging to the Creek nation,
formerly their slaves. Nor do I believe for a
moment that gentlemen on the other side have
• allowed the appropriation because of any feel-
ing in favor of freedmen. The whole question
depends upon the construction of the treaty
between the United States and the Creek In-
dians under date of the 1-ith of March, 1866.
Allow me to premise by saying that these
Creeks were situated upon lands, the title to
which in them was of a peculiar character. They
were in effect a sort of communists. In other
words, the lands upon which this Creek nation
resided were held in common by all the Creek
nation, so far as the mere question of title is
concerned. And yet each Creek Indian who
held a farm by occupancy held it by a title as
perfectly paramount to the original nation
title as though he had a perfect title in him-
self.
On the 14th of June, 1866, the United States
entered into a treaty with these Indians, they
having been in rebellion. As a result of that
treaty the United States purchased of these
Creek Indians the western half of their entire
possessions, amounting to some three or four
million acres. The true solution of this
question depends upon the construction of that
treaty, in regard to the right of these freedmen,
formerly and prior to the rebellion slaves to
these Creek Indians, I will read the second
article of the treaty :
" The Creeks hereby covcnan t and agree that hence-
forth neither slavery nor involuntary servitude other-
wise than in the punishment of crimes, whereof the
parties shall have been duly convicted in accordance
with laws applicable to all members ot said tribes,
shall ever exist in said nation; and inasmuch as
there arc among the Creeks many persons of African
descent who have no interest in the soil"—
That is the point; it is declared here by the
treaty between the United States and these
Creek Indians that these freedmen, formerly
slaves to these Indians, had no interest in the
soil upon which these Indians were located—
"Inasmuch as there are among the Creeks many
persons of African descent who have no interest in
the soil, it is stipulated that hereafter those pei.^ons
lawfully residing in said Creek country under their
laws and usages, or who have been residing1 in Paid
Creek country, and may return within one year from
the ratification of this treaty, and thoir descendant*',
and others ol' the same race as may be permitted by
the laws of said nation to settle within the limits of
the jurisdiction of the Creek nation as descendants
thereof, shall have and enjoy all the rights and privi-
leges of native citizens, including an equal interest
in the soil and national funds, and the laws of said
nation shall bo equally binding upon and give equal
protection to all of such persons, and all others, of
whatsver race or color, who may be adopted as citi-
zens or members of said tribe."
Now it is here declared that, in relation to
this one half of these Indian lands, which they
were then selling to the United States under
this treaty, these freedmen had no interest at
all. It is provided, 1 admit, that in regard to
the other half of the lands retained by the
Creek Indians these freedmen should there-
after have a common interest with the Creek
Indians proper. Now what further does this
treaty provide?
" In compliance with the desireof the United States
to locate other Indians and freedmen thereon, the
Creeks hereby cede and convey to the United States
to be sold to and used as homes for such other civil-
ized Indians as the United States may choose to settle
thereon, the west half of their entire domain, to be
divided by a line running north and south; the east-
ern half of said Creek lands being retained by them
shall, except as herein otherwise stipulated, be for-
ever set apart as a home for said Creek nation: and
in consideration of said cession of the west half of
their lands, estimated to contain three million two
hundred and fifty thousand five hundred and sixty
acres, the United States agree to pay the sum of
40xii Cong. 2d Sess.—3STo. 2*70.
thirty cents per acre, amounting to $97&,168, in the
manner hereinafter provided, to wit: $200,000shall be
paid per capita in money, unless otherwise directed
by the President of the United States, upon the rati-
fication of this trea.ty, to enable the Greeks to occupy,
restore, and improve their farms, and to make their
nation independent and self-sustaining, and to pay
the damages sustained by the mission schools on the
North Fork and the Arkansas rivers." &c.
Now, this question arose before the Interior
Department when the Creeks came to get this
$'200,000 ; and these freedmen were also repre-
sented there. I believe Mr. Bogy was the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs. The question
was raised between these freedmen and the
Creek Indians proper as to whether under
the stipulations of this treaty these freedmen
were interested in this sum of $200,000. It
was maintained by the attorney of the Creeks
before the Commissioner that this $200,000 in
the first place was not a national fund as con-
templated by the treaty, but a specific fund, to
go to certain Creeks, and not to all of them ;
to certain Creeks who held farms by the title
of occupancy, in order to enable them to repair
the injury done to those farms, &c. The judg-
ment of the Commissioner was that this
$200,000 was a payment for a specific purpose,
to be paid to a portion of the Creeks only, sucli
as were actual occupants of farms in that por-
tion of the Territory, and consequently he
directed that it should be paid over to those
Creek Indians, the freedmen being excluded.
That, Mr. Speaker, was a judicial proceeding,
so far at least as that department acted in a
judicial capacity, as all the Executive Depart-
ments must act more or less when such ques-
tions are presented to them. The question
now is whether we, as a Legislature, shall as-
sume judicial powers and undertake by this
bill to adjudicate the relative claims of these
Creeks proper, and these freedmen who claim
a participation in this fund. The effect of this
amendment is that these freedmen shall be
recompensed, not outof this $200,000, for that
is already exhausted, but out of any money
owing by the United States to the Creek In-
dians, the payment to these freedmen being
made before any other payment.
This, Mr. Speaker, is simply a question of
construction, about which my colleagues on
the committee and myself have differed. It is
a question which was more debated than per-
haps any other question that came before the
committee; and one of the distinguished Sen-
ators who was a member of the committee
acknowledged that my presentation of the case
had staggered his opinion, although he voted
against me.
Now, it is observable, Mr. Speaker, that in
the section appropriating this $200,000 the
word "freedmen" is not used, while in the
other provisions made by the treaty for the
freedmen they are designated as freedmen, in
contradistinction from the Creeks proper. I
have been solemnly impressed with the wrong
which the amendment recommended by the
report will inflict upon these Creek Indians.
My firm conviction is that, sitting here as a
Legislature, we have no jurisdiction to adjust
this judicial question, and that it is wrong to
introduce it into this bill. Everything else
embraced in this report has met my hearty
concurrence; but in consequence of my dif-
ference 011 this point with my colleagues upon
the committee, 1 have been conscientiously
constrained to withhold my signature from the
report. I am not an enemy to the bill. If it
be passed with this amendment, so be it. I
have felt it my duty to bring to the attention
of the House the facts of the case.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to make a statement of this matter, because it
raises in one view of it a pretty interesting
question. I wish, in the first place, to bear tes- |i
timony to the faithfulness with which my col-
league, on the committee the gentleman from"!
Ohio, [Mr. Vast Thump,] has aided the com- ;
ittee by his constant attendance and his careful j
examination of every question affecting the i
economy and prosperity of the admimstra- j
tion of Indian affairs. We differed upon only ;
■this one question substantially, and this differ- I
ence arose, perhaps, as a matter of necessity:
for as the negro comes into this question, 1
could not expect the gentleman to agree with
me. [Laughter.]
The Creeks owned a large tract of land by a
title a little stronger than a mere possessory
title, by which the Indians hold most of their
lands. They also owned slaves, negro slaves,
on that land. The Creeks went into the rebel-
lion. They forfeited to the United States their
lands and their slaves. The United States,
however, condoning the offenses of these red
rebels, as it condoned the crimes of the white
rebels, went into an arrangement with the
Creeks. A treaty was made, the first article
of which conceded to the United States one
half of the Creek lands, on which, we might
put other Indians ; and the United States agreed
to pay to the Creeks $075,000 in this form;
$200,000 to be distributed per capita one year;
$400,000 the next year ; $100,000 to the loyal
Creeks to pay for losses; and $275,000 to go
into a school fund.
The Creeks sold by this treaty just one half
of this land. When they made the treaty,
however, they provided for all of their slaves,
calling them " Creeks of African descent."
They might as well, many ef them, have been
described as Africans of Creek descent. They
provided for them allin this way. By thisarti-
cle they said, inasmuch as there is among the
Creeks many persons of African descent who
have no interest in the soil, because as slaves
they had no interest in the Soil, now residing
in the Creek country, they and all who may
come in there, having been formerly residents,
shall have and enjoy all rights and privileges
of native citizens, including an equal interest
in the soil and the national fund. You will
see by the same treaty they sold one half of
their soil—the treaty in which they provided
that the Creeks of African descent should have
an equal interest in the soil.
Mr. VAN THUMP. That is thereafter in
the remaining soil?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
the whole question.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. The construction of
the treaty was after the payment by the United
States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. These
Creeks of African descent were to have the
same interest in the soil and the national fund.
It is a question whether this $200,000 docs not
belong to the national fund. But, sir, there is
a question lying deeper than that, and that is
this question, whether the African slave while
he is a slave has any interest in the soil he
inhabits.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. My position is this:
this $200,000 is not part of the national fund
as it does not apply to all the Creeks, but only
to the occupants of farms.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The first
great question is, has the African slave, when a
slave, any interest in the soil he inhabits? I do
not mean has he any proprietary interest in the
soil, but lias he the right to interfere when that
soil comes to be set off to another country ? That
is the great question to which I wish to call
the attention of the House. The Creeks have
no property in severalty. They hold in com-
mon.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. They hold a common
interest in the title subject to individual occu-
pation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They
hold a common interest in the soil. The title
is in the Creek nation. No man owns this,
that, or the other farm. In the annuities these
Africans were represented as part of the fam-
ilies, and they received annuities in proportion
to the number of Africans they had. This
money was given to the Creeks by the United
States for the purpose of restoring their farms
and to enable them to become self-sustaining
as a nation. This treaty made the Creeks ot
African descent a portion of the nation, and
thev could not be made a portion ox that na-
tion and be self-sustaining without a portion
of that fund. By the treaty they have all the
