1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2257
Prior to the commencement of the war it was j
found necessary to keep on our ships and in j
service eighty-five hundred men. I am not;
talking about powder-boys; I do not know j
what figure they cut in maintaining the honor ;
and dignity of this nation prior to the war. I j
am speaking of the efficient force which was
found necessary. Senators know that during
the war we added very much to our naval force ;
we added to the vessels ; we added to the Navy
a class of vessels that requires a greater num-
ber of men to keep them in an efficient condi-
tion. We have added a class of vessels that
require not only seamen but laborers in very
large numbers. And, Mr. President, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Naval Affairs, having
some regard for its position and its influence in
this body, I am not willing to see the judgment
of the committee upon an important question
such as this, and upon which the judgment of
the committee ought to have weight with this
body, entirely ignored.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I have
often been surprised at the ingenuity exhibited
by the Senator from Indiana, not to speak of
other great qualities so conspicuous in him;
but I never heard him address to this body a
question which surprised me so much as that
which he reiterates so often. Upon what in-
formation, he asks, has this Senate acted in
reducing the number of effective men a thou-
sand below the number found to be necessary
before the war began. Why, sir. if Isupposed
he had been here, and had attended to this de-
bate, [ should be utterly confounded by his
asking such a question as thatand repeating it
over and over again. Why? Because it is in
the face of the incontestible fact of the case.
During what year was it necessary to have a
thousand men more than the Senate has voted
in the Navy? During what day of what year
was there a thousand men in the Navy, neces-
sary or unnecessary, in addition to the number
that we have fixed ? During no year, at no
time whatever. If thestatement of the head of
the bureau is to be relied upon, what is the fact?
Why that only once in thehistoryof theNavy,
before the war, did it ever rise so high as sev-
enty-six hundred men. I am not talking now
either about powder-boys ; I am talking about
the effective force. There is where it was.
Now, then, with not more than two thirds
the number of the vessels afloat, and with
nothing like the number of guns, the Senate
has fixed the number of men at the highest
possible point within one hundred that ex-
perience ever showed to be necessary at any
time; and then they have added twelve hun-
dred and fifty apprentices and boys besides
that ; and the Senator rises here with very
Striking declamation to know why it is that the
Senate has run off after a mere ignis faiuus in
this way, and has undertaken to reduce the
number of effective men below what experience
has shown to be necessary. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, let me answer the Senator categorically.
He wants to know upon what information
we have done this thing. Let me tell him.
The committee of the House and the House
more than two weeks ago passed a bill which
cut down the Navy two hundred and fifty below
the point to which we have reduced it. Let
me state why I say that. The House bill pro-
vided that the total force of the Navy, includ-
ingapprentices and boys, should be only eighty-
five hundred. That was the recommendation
of the committee, and that was the vote of the
House of Representatives two weeks ago.
Now, sir, what do we find? The eyes of the
Naval Department have been upon this bill;
Senators have produced letters here, I know,
about expected amendments. That Depart-
ment knew what the House of Representatives
had done; and has any Senator produced here
a letter from the Navy Department showing
that what the House had done was something
inadmissible in the judgment of the Navy
Department?
Mr. GRIMES. Will, the Senator allow me
to say a word?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.---No. 142.
Mr. GRIMES. I am unwilling that the
Navy Department sho.uld beput in a false posi-
tion on this matter. They have not written to
me on this subject, but I know it is against the
wish of the Navy Department that the Navy
should be reduced below twelve thousand, as it
is now. The reason they have not written to
me is that this section which passed the House
of Representatives upon the naval appropria-
tion bill was originally drawn by me and in-
corporated into a bill that I introduced into
the Senate and had referred to the committee,
and I supposed that the Department and my-
self were antagonists on the subject. I wanted
to get the Navy back to where it was before
the war. They thought it was not advisable to
put it back. I thought that was just as far as
it was safe to the public interest to reduce it,
and I did not want to go below it, but I wanted
to cut it down. Therefore, it must not be in-
ferred, because the Secretary of the Navy has
not written to anybody here in opposition to
the reduction of the Navy, that the Depart-
ment are not opposed to it.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I have
no objection to that interruption, or rather
that argument. Very likely it will assist the
view which the Senator espouses. Now, I put
to the sense of this Senate again the question
which I suggested: why have we not heard
from the Navy Department on this question?
The Navy Department and bureaus of the
Navy Department have written letters here; I
do not speak of letters to the Senator from
lowaalone, but letters to other Senators, touch-
ing this bill. Several communications that I
have presented here have been addressed to
me on this very point. The Department know-
ing what was under consideration, being asked
to ransack their records to enable us to determ-
ine this subject, have sent us letter after let-
ter, but none on this question; no man here
has been armed with an argument to show that
when we have a reduced force, not only of guns
afloat, but of vessels afloat, more men are
necessary than anybody ever dreamed were
necessary before.
The Senator from Iowa cannot answer this
suggestion by saying that the Navy Depart-
ment did not address him for the reason that
they wish to hold the force up to the present
number, which he persists in saying is over
twelve thousand, which is made up only by
counting apprentices and boys. I repeat, the
force is only eleven thousand and a fraction
without them. He does not answer it by that
suggestion ; but it is left in this way : that the
House of Representatives, intending to reduce
the Navy to where it was before the war, sent
us a maximum of eighty-five hundred, and we
turn around in the first place and change the
word "including'' to "excluding," and thus
add all the number of boys and apprentices
now m the service, namely, nine hundred and
sixteen, and then we raise that number to
twelve hundred and fifty, and put that on, and
then we reduce the rank and file one thousand
from the House provision; and thus we in-
crease over their vote two hundred and fifty,
and make an amount largely in excess of what
the Navy ever was for an hour before the war be-
gan. We, who are all the time declaiming and
subjecting ourselves, some of us, to criticism,
because we do declaim in favor of retrench-
ment and frugality, do this ; and now, without
any argument under heaven, the Senate is
asked to turn around and do what ? To add
twelve hundred and fifty to the number of the
Navy as it was before the war; and why?
Because steam has come into requisition more
than it used to do; and that, although wc know
the number of vessels afloat has been largely-
reduced and the number of guns has been
largely reduced. But upon that argument,
without anybody having a word to add to it,
we are to reverse the action of the House com-
mittee and the judgment of the House which
has gone unchallenged by the Navy Depart-
ment up to this moment.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to ask him a ques-
tion, Does the Senator understand that coal-
heavers and firemen were included in the
eighty-five hundred before the war?
Mr. CONKLING. I understand that in
answer to a letter calling for men of all sorts
and conditions rated in the Navy before the
war I am furnished with a table showing that
seventy-six hundred is the highest possible
mark that that number ever touched.
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand the Sena-
tor to say that that includes coal-heavera and
firemen ?
Mr. CONKLING. _ I say that that is an
answer to a letter asking for all the men of all
sorts and conditions in the Navy before the
war, and the answer does include every one
excepting the powder-boys, and the answer as
to those is that the information could only be
given in the office of the Fourth Auditor, and on
going there I found it could only be given at
the office of the Second Auditor, and it could
not be obtained there without an amount of
labor I could not ask to have bestowed.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator be kind
enough to inform the Senate what was the num-
ber of coal-heavers and firemen in the service
before the war?
Mr. CONKLING. I have informed the
Senate that the men are given altogether, the
officers by themselves, and all others by them-
selves ; and he understands, of course, in ask-
ing this question, that I cannot specify the
number of coal-heavers or the number of any
other denomination of men in the Navy. I am
talking about totals and aggregates, and that I
supposed we were all talking about, except
when Senators keep talking about this imagin-
ary number of eighty-five hundred that never
existed except in possibilities which were not
resorted to or reached.
Mr. President, I want to make one other
remark in answer to the Senator from Indiana,
lie put this as if in some way or other it was
the action of the Senate in contrariety of the
views and judgment of the Naval Committee,
audacious almost in that respect! I know it is
not parliamentary to allude to what happens in
committees, but without trenching upon any
rule I may say, because I made the statement;
myself repeatedly the other day, and no one is
to blame for it more than I am, if there be blame
in the case, that the Appropriation Committee,
of which the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs is a member, proceeded upon the
idea that anterior to the war eighty-five hun-
dred was not the number they might have had
in the Navy if they needed them; but the num-
ber which in point of fact they did have.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say to the Senator
that he is wholly mistaken so far as I am con-
csriiscl
Mr. CONKLING. Then I can only say that
the Senator was misunderstood : I will speak
for nobody else besides myself; but certainly
I shall give no offense by saying that he led me
two or three times in this Chamber to inform
other Senators, not merely in conversation, but
publicly in debate, that the number of men
actually in the Navy anterior to the nar was
eighty-five hundred, and I took my informa-
tion from what he said. Of course, however,
1 admit that I misunderstood him if he says he
did not intend to be so understood.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator did certainiy
misunderstand me, for I never stated so, aud
I think the Senator from Maine will bear mo
testimony that I never said so in committee.
I said that the amount fixed by law was eighty-
five hundred, but I did not know how man)
there were actually in service or had ever been.
Mr. CONKL1NG. The Senator will require
nothing more of me tliau the remark I have
made about that, I am sure, because I say I
take it for granted that the error was with me,
although I was misled, and I transferred^ my
mistake to the Senate and here stated it in
debate. I am very glad to be put right about
it, because I wish to be accurate, certainly, in
any statement that I make. However, sir, the
point which I was going to submit is not an-
swered at all by the suggestion made by_ the
Senator from Iowa.. It was understood her©
