THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the action of Mr. Stanton, the prosecutor, and
of the court upon the movements of the prose-
cution to get the case out of court as frivo-
lous and unimportant in its proceeding against
General Thomas, and becoming formidable and
offensive when it gave an opportunity for the
President of the U nited States by habeas corpus
to get a prompt decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States; and then to show that,
this opportunity being thus evaded, the Presi-
dent proceeded as he might with instructions
that the only other recourse of judicial determ-
ination by an information in the nature of
quo tvarranto was resorted to.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President, I
am very glad for an opportunity afforded me
by the remarks of the learned counsel for the
President to deal a moment with the doctrine
of estoppel. I premise that an argument has
been founded to the prejudice of my cause by
a use of remarks which I made, to which I want
to call the attention of the Senate, as bearing
upon what is the doctrine of estoppel which is
put forward here now by the counsel who has
just sat down. I will not be long. I pray you,
Senators, to remember that I have never re-
ferred to this argument, although it has been a
sort of vade mccum with the counsel of the
defense ever since it was delivered. When I
was discussing the obloquy thrown upon Mr.
Stanton about his deserting his office I said
these words:
" To desert it now, therefore, would be to imitato
the treachery of his accidental Chief. But whatever
may be the construction of the ' tcnure-of-civil-oilice
act' by others, or as regards others, Andrew Johnson,
the respondent, is concluded upon it.
" lie permitted Mr. Stanton to exercise the duties
of his offico in spite of it, if that office were affected
by it. Ho suspended him under its provision; here-
ported that suspension to theSenatewith his reasons
therefor in accordance with its provisions; and the
Senate, acting under it, declined to concur with him,
whereby Mr. Stanton was reinstated. In the well-
known language of the law, is not the respondent
estopped by his solemn official acts from denying tho
legality andconstitutional propriety of Mr. Stanton's
position?"
That is all I said. I never said, nor intended
to say, nor do the words honestly bear out
any man in assuming that I said that the Pres-
ident was estopped from trying his case before
the Senate of the United States and showing
the unconstitutionality of tho law, as was ar-
gued in the opening and as has been more
than once referred to since. I said that, as
between him and Mr. Stanton, Mr. Stanton's
position was such that he was estopped from
denying the legal propriety of that position or
the constitutional propriety of it; and there-
upon it was argued that I claimed on behalf of
the Managers of the House of Representatives
that the President was estopped from trying
his case or denying the constitutionality of tho
law here; and we have had a learned argu-
ment, starting from Coke and brought down-
ward, to show that the doctrine of estoppel
did not apply to the law. Who ever thought
it did? I think there is only one point where
the doctrine of estoppel should apply, Sen-
ators, in this ease, and that is that counscl
should be estopped from misrepresenting the
argument of their opponents and then making
an argument to the prejudice of them. That
is an application of the doctrine of estoppel
that I want carried out through this trial.
I have not said that the President was
estopped from showing that he attempted to
put this man forward as his counsel by his dec-
laration to General Thomas. I have only said
that the fact that he spoke to Sherman and
said to him, " It is impossible to make up a
case," shows that he should not be allowed,
after the fact, to attempt, if possible, to get
up a defense by calling this counsel in.
It is asked what lawyer could suppose that
it would appear of record that the President
of the United States was engaged in this con-
troversy? Fair dealing, honesty of purpose,
uprightness of action, frankness of official po-
sition, would have made it apparent. rlhe
President of the United States, if he employed
counsel for Mr. Thomas in this case, should
have sent his counsel into court, and they
should have there said, " Mr. Chief Justice,
we are here appearing at the instance of the
President of the United States for the purpose
of trying a great constitutional question which
he has endeavored to raise here, and for that
purpose we want to get a decision of the Su-
preme Court of the United States." If then
the chief justice of this District had refused to
hear that case, there might be some ground
for the harsh word " evasion" which the coun-
sel has applied to him, for he says the question
was evaded. By whom ? It must have been
by the chief justice of this District, for he alone
made tho decision. He says that Mr. Stanton
had this case so conducted as to evade this
decision. The record of the court shows that
this man Thomas was dischai'ged on the mo-
tion of his counsel. If they had not moved
that he be discharged I venture to say he
would not have been discharged; certainly
there is no evidence that he would have been,
and it is not to be supposed that he would have
been. Now they have put in the fact that he
was discharged at the motion of his own coun-
sel, and they come back to us and tell us—
what? That they want to show through Mr.
Cox that the chief justice evaded this point,
for nobody else made that decision. If you
allow Mr. Cox to come in and say what the
President told him, if you can put in his dec-
larations made to Mr. Cox, then I suppose we
shall^ next have his declarations made to Mr.
Merrick and Mr. Aiken, and all that class of
counsel whom the President brings about him;
and having got them in, we shall have to bring
before you the chief justice to give his account
of the matter, and wc shall have to get up a
side-bar issue here to try whether the proceed-
ings in the supreme court of this District were
regular or otherwise. It is—I will not say de-
signedly—but artistically contrived for the pur-
pose of leading us away from, the issue. We
are to go to some other issue and some other
point, and I never have heard in any court
such a proposition.
A single word, now, about this matter of quo
warranto. A reasonable degree of frankness
on this question, I think, as it is a very plain
one to lawyers, would not harm anybody. I
undertake to say that every lawyer knows that
an information in the nature of a quo warranto
cannotbe prosecuted, exccpt in the name of the
Attorney General, for any public office ; and if
any case can be found and shown in this coun-
try where it has been prosecuted differently I
will beg my friend's pardon, and that is a thing
I should not like to do upon this question.
Do they say that this quo warranto, whether
by Cox or by Stanbery, has ever been presented
to any court? No ; not at all. Has anybody
ever heard of that writ of quo warranto until it
becomes a necessity for this defense? Ay,
and until I put it into that opening speech,
which has taught my friends so much, if I may
take their continual reference to it? Up to
that time had we ever heard of a quo warranto
from any source? Has it ever been said here
until since that time? Never, never. I will
not object to any writ of quo warranto, or in-
formation in the nature of a quo warranto, filed
in any court from a justice of the peace up to
the Supreme Court of the United States, if they
will show it was tiled before the 21st. day of
February, or prepared, or that it has been filed
since, until this man was impeached. But I
want that to come from the record and not from
the memory of Mr. Cox.
You may say, Senators, that I am taking
too much time upon this matter; but it is really
aiding you, b'ecause if you open this sort of
declaration from the President he can keep
the trial going from now until next July, ay,
and from next July until the following March,
precisely as his defenders in the House of Rep-
resentatives threatened they would if wo car-
ried on this impeachment. "Forewarned,
forearmed,'' Senators. His defenders in the
House of Representatives when wo were argu-
ing this matter—it has gone into history—said,
" You may impeach him, but if you do we will
make you take all the forms, and his official
life will be ended before you can get through
the forms of impeachment; we will protract
it till next March." That was the threat, and
then, in pursuance of that threat, although ybur
summons required him to file his answer on
the day of appearance; as every other summons
did, he came into this Senate and asked for
forty days. He got ten. He thea first asked
for delay, so that forty-three days have been
expended since he ought to have filed his an-
swer by the order, and thirty-three since he
actually filed it, and of those but six on the
part of the Managers have been expended in
the trial, and but a part of six have been ex-
pended on the trial by the counsel for the
defense; and the rest, twenty-odd working
days, with the whole country pausing while
this is going on, with murders going on through
the southern country in every State unrebuked,
twenty odd days have been used up in lenity
to him and his counsel, and now we are asked
to go into entirely a side-bar issue. It is neither
relevant, in my judgment, nor competent under
any legal rule, and if it were here it could have
no effect.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I desire to
put a question to the counsel for the President.
I send it to the Chair.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question proposed by the Senator from
Connecticut.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Do tho counsel for the l'residentpropose to contra-
dict or vary tho statement of the docket entries pro-
duced by them to the effect that General Thomas
was discharged by Chief Justice Cartter on tho mo-
tion ot tho defendant's counsel ?
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chief Justice, I will re-
spond to the question of the Senator that the
counsel do not expect or desire to contradict
anything which appears on the docket entries.
The evidence which we offer of tho employ-
ment by the President of this professional
gentleman for the purposes indicated is en-
tirely consistent with everything that appears
on the docket. This is evidence, not of dec-
larations, as the Senators must perceive, but
of acts, because it is well settled, as all law-
yers know, that there may be verbal acts as
well as other bodily acts, and a verbal act is
as much capablc of proof as a physical act of
a different qualify or character. Now, an em-
ployment for a particular purpose of an agent,
whether professional or otherwise, is an act,
and may always be proved valeat quantum by
the only evidence of which it is susceptible,
namely, what was said by the party in order to
create that employment, and that is what we
desire to prove on this occasion.
The dismissal of General Thomas, which has
been referred to, and which appears on tho
dockct, was entirely subsequent to all these
proceedings, and we shall show that that motion
was made and that dismissal took place after
it had become certain in the mind of Mr. Cox
and his associate counsel that it was of no use
further to follow or endeavor to follow these
proceedings.
As to the argument, or rather the remarks,
which have been addressed by the honorable
Manager to the Senate, I have nothing to say.
It does not seem to me, however pertinent
they may be, that they require any reply.
Mr. Manager WILSON. Mr. President, I
beg the indulgence of the Senate for a moment,
and I must ask the members of this body to
pass upon what we regard to be the real ques-
tion involved in the objection which has been
interposed to the testimony now offered by
the counsel from the respondent.
On the 21st day of February, 1868, the Presi-
dent of the United States issued an order re-
moving Edwin M. Stanton from the office of
the Secretary for the Department of War. On
that same day he issued a letter of authority to
Lorenzo Thomas directing him to take charge
of the Department of War and to discharge tho
duties of the office of Secretary of War ad in-
terim. The articles, based upon a violation
of the tenure-of-office act, are founded upon
these two acts of the President on the 21st day
of February. The counsel for the respondent
