3282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
of railroad and telegraph with the Union Pacific
railroad, but not at a point more than fifty miles
westwaraly Iroai the meridian of Denver in Col-
orado.
You will notice that by the act of 1864, which
I have read, the Eastern Division Company had
an unlimited right to connect at any point west
of the one hundredth meridian. The only
change m the actof 1866 made as to that con-
nection was that it imposed a limitation upon
the Eastern Division Company by which it pro-
hibited their making this point of connection
more than fifty miles west of the meridian of
Denver. All the rest that it declared was that
the time, which was running out, for their com-
plying with the law, filing their maps, and going
on with their operations, should be extended
until the 1st day of December, 18(30. Within
'Lme ''lls s'a'u'e 'n express terms declared
that they should do whatever the}' were to do
"as now required by law that is to say, in
accordance with the provisions of the act of
1864. That is all they are to do : tliey are to
file their maps and designate their lino of route
before the 1st day of December, 18(10, as then
required by the existing laws of the United
States. That is all.
Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
has now expired for which the order of the day
was postponed.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the order of the
day be further postponed, that we may continue
theconsideration of this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like for ray
own information to ask the Senator from Ver-
mont a question upon (he construction of these
statutes.^ I do not know whether I have under-
stood his^ argument correctly. Suppose the
act of 18GG had not passed, authorizing a
change of the route of the southern branch,
when that branch had failed to construct its
road so as to connect with the northern line,
and thus by its failure prevented the connec-
tion of this particular road with it, would that
have given this company a right under the act
of 1802 and the act of 1864 to have continued
its construction so as to make the connection
itself either at the one hundredth meridian, or
west of that, and to have received the bounties
provided in the law?
Mr. EDMUNDS. In answer to my friend
from Indiana, 1 will say in the first place that this
little road that we are now speaking of was not
apparently, from the whole scope of the acts
together, expected or intended to be a branch
of the Union Pacific proper, but it was a local
road, intended to run from the Missouri river
to tap this eastern division at a point about one
hundred miles distant from the river; and
whether this particular local road was one that
came within the consolidation acts of 1864,
they are so confused, I am not certain. In
what I have been saying I have taken it for
granted that that was so, and that if the Union
1 acific, eastern division, had made default
within the language of the sixteenth section of
the act of 1864, and had failed to build their
road underthatact entirely, this company would
have been authorized to go on and connect a.
the one hundredth meridian, taking the sub-
sidies that otherwise would have belonged to
the eastern division, f take that for granted
in what I am saying, although in looking at the
statutes it is open to some doubt whether that
is so or not; but the matter upon the other
point seemed so plain to my mind that I did !
not trouble myself to settle definitely in my own i
judgment how this point would be. In what I
1 am now saying about this bill, I take that for J
granted for the purposes of whatever views I
have to give.
1 he result of that would be, if we are to
proceed and give this company the subsidy to
the one hundredth meridian, that we shall have
reversed exactly the policy that we laid down
in 1802 and 1804 as to these subsidies, because
in both those acts we expressly declaimed that
we would only give one subsidy to the one
hundredth meridian to both these companies,
and that subsidy should belong to the eastern
division, and we would give this particular
local company a subsidy for one hundred miles
and no more; and whereas the eastern division
were to be permitted to go to the one hundredth
meridian by the act of 1802, and were to have
a subsidy the whole way, now the effect is, if
we have to come to that by the result of these
operations, instead of giving one subsidy to the
one hundredth meridian, we give two for the
whole distance for two independent lines. Of
course that is a matter of very serious detri-
ment and injury to the Treasury, as far as any
of these subsidies may be thought to be so,
because we are obliged to pay just double the
money that when we set out in aiding these
roads we expressly declared we would pay;
and in order to have no mistake as to what we
meant, as to how much we would give, because
it is all a bounty, we declared in both those
acts that we would not give a subsidy for more
than one hundred miles, in any event, to this
line, and that we would not give to the eastern
division more than to the one hundredth me-
ridian, in any event, upon that line; and so
when we gave this permission to the Union
Pacific, eastern division, to file its map up to
the 1st of December, 1806, and limited its
connection to the point of Denver, we again
expressly declared, in explicit terms, that that
should not authorize it to receive any subsidy
beyond the one hundredth meridian; that is,
any more than it was entitled to before.
The hardship to our Treasury, if the poor
old thing has not got so paralyzed that hard-
ship does not affect it at all, is that wo are
giving a double subsidy to parallel roads that
are. so to speak, in that western country,
within a stone's throw of each other, to do the
same business. If we have the art of manu-
facturing money as rapidly as some financiers
suppose we have, il it is a mere question of
printing, it would not be so serious; but if it
ever becomes a question of paying, a question
of a sound condition of Government credit,
which, I take it, like all other credit, must be
measured by the amount of its debt as com-
pared with its resources, then it is a very seri-
ous question, indeed ; it is a question that we
are bound to consider whether we can take
another step in any direction, as we are now
situated, in the aid of any line of railroad by
way of subsidies in money. We can give them
the lands, because, if we do not, either the
Indians or somebody else will get them, as we
discover, and I do not know that there is any
great choice as to what shall be done with the
lands.
Mr. CONKLING. We have given them to
another company.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But when we eome to
another part of it, when we come to giving our
credit in bonds, that we and nobody else are
bound to pay to the holder, it is a matter of
very serious concern how far we ought to go.
As I said, when we set out we gave notice as
distinct as language possibly could to these
companies, that this particular company which
is now a claimant for our bounty, or upon our
justice, as my honorable friend from Missouri
would represent it, that they should only have
§1,600,000 of our credit; that is, bonds for
one hundred miles, and no more in any event;
and we said to this other company that they
were to tap at the distance of one hundred
miles, "You shall only have subsidies of our
credit to the one hundredth meridian,'' prob-
ably three hundred or three hundred and fifty
miles from the Missouri river. Now, it is said
that by some hocus-pocus or other that nobody
could understand in the time that it took place
all this is entirely upset, and that while the
Union Pacific Company, eastern division, has
made no default at all, is carrying on its work
and receiving its bonds to connect at some
point in the meridian of Denver—a long way
from it yet, I suppose, but it will get there some
day or other it has become a defaulter
and that by force of the act of 186-1 the cen-
tral branch is entitled to keep up the franchises
that we gave it, and which it has lost under
the act of 1864, and build its line to the one
hundredth meridian. That would be a very
singular conclusion to come to ; and the fact
is it shocks your common sense when you loo*
at the whole of that statute together. Ihe
only ground upon which, with any plausibility
at all, with even the thinnest and shadowless
plausibility this company can make any claim
against us would bo the ground that we had
acted in bad faith in permitting the eastern
division to swing its line so far to the south
that they would have to go further, eiist of the
one hundredth meridian, to connect than they
otherwise would, and that therefore we ought
not to give them the privilege of going to the
one hundredth meridian, but to make good
before the Committee on Claims the damages
they have sustained in consequence of that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly. Aslamnow
debating this matter for my own information
and that, of the Senate I should like to have
any questions put.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am very anxious to
get the Senator's opinion on a law question that
lias struck my mina with a great deal of force.
Suppose the southern road bad without any
authority of Congress, after following the line
prescribed in the statute for a certain distance,
turned in a. southwestern direction, so that it
should become impossible for this particular
road to make the connection contemplated by
the statute, would that have been such a default
under the act.of 1864 as would have authorized
this company to make the connection with the
main trunk at the one hundredth meridian, or
east of it, and to have given it the benefits pro-
vided in the statute.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Most, clearly not, for the
reason that if the eastern division had done
what the act of 1864 authorized it to do, as it
has done so far, plainly to my mind there could
be no default under the same statute in the
company's exercising the discretion that that
statute gave to it. That cannot be a default
within the meaning^of the statute, plainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS, if the statute required
the road to run in a northwestern direction, so
as to connect with the northern line and so as
to enable this road to connect with it. and
instead of thus constructing its road the com-
pany bad turned in a southwestern direction
so as to make a connection impossible, and
that without authority of law, would not' that
have been a default in constructing the line
contemplated in these laws?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that, as an ab-
straet question, my friend may be answered in
the affirmative as to that. If the act of 18G4
authorized and required the eastern division to
build a particular road in a particular direc-
tion to a particular point, and declared that in
default of its doing that another company
might take up the line and build it, and it did
make that, detault, the other company's rights
would attach, unquestionably. °
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now, I will ask the
senator one further question; and if he will
answer that satisfactorily it will remove some
trouble on my mind. After the act of 1864
toTxfendTr Ule ri§1US of tKis comP« y thus
to extend its hue so as to make the connection
and enjoy the subsidies, arid does the consent
?o,S0frrS?1t0thi8d?,parture 0f the southern
the Jonn,:.le pr?serll?ea line so as\ defeat
rilhrs nf t-10"' ,the !e«al or equitable
m tins particular line?
act „r^*UNDS- unquestionably the
act of Congress would impair any legal rights
his road derived from an act of Congress if
l™ fn?SS ?S®i tocha.nS® il> because Congress
has sole control over its own legislation ; and
if this company, by the act of 1804, had an
express right to connect with the eastern divis-
ion at a particular point, and an act of Congress
1866 chose to repeal all the rights of the
arighUo Loonn'ltr C,0I?Pany not have
a light to go on. I think that must be clear!v
inasmuch as Congress is the master of its o'wii
actions ; and if it has granted a right to one and
those rights are dependent upon a right which
