200
SUPPLEMENT TO
now propose to break the force of those acts
and that.violation of the law by showing that
on the 22d day of February, after the fact, the
President employed an attorney to raise in the
courts the question of the constitutionality of
the tenure-of-offlce act.
Now, I submit to this honorable body that no
act, no declaration of the President made after
the fact can be introduced for the purpose of
explaining the intent with which he acted. And
upon this question of intent let me direct your
minds to this consideration : the issuing of the
orders referred to constitute the body of the
crime with which the President stands charged.
Did he purposely and willfully issue an order
to remove the Secretary of War ? Did he pur-
posely and willfully issue an order appointing
Lorenzo Thomas Secretary of War ad interim ?
If he did thus issue the orders the law raises
'the presumption of guilty intent, and no act
done by the President after these orders were
issued can be introduced for the purpose of
rebutting that intent. The orders themselves
were ill violation of the terms of the tenure-
of-oftice act. Being in violation of that act,
they constitute an offense under and by virtue
of its provisions, and the olfense thus being
established must stand upon the intent which
controlled the action of the President at the
time that he issued the orders. If, after this
subject was introduced into the House of Rep-
resentatives, the President became alarmed at
the state of affairs, and concluded that it was
best to attempt by some means to secure a
decision of the court upon the question of the
constitutionality or unconstitutionality of the
tenuro-of-oflice act, it cannot avail him in this
case. Wu are inquiring as to the intent which
controlled and directed the action of the Presi-
dent at thci time the act was done ; and if we
succeed in establishing that intent, either by
proof or by presumption of law, 110 subsequent
act can interfere with it or remove from him
the responsibility which the law places upon
him because of the act done.
Mr. KVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, we have here the oft-repeated argument
that tins crime against the act of Congress was
complete by the papers drawn and delivered
by the President; that the law presumes that
those papers were made with the intent that
appears on their face, which, it is alleged, is a
violation of that act; and as that would be
enough in an indictment against the President
of the United Slates to alfect him with a pun-
ishment, iu the discretion of the judge, of six.
cents line, so by peremptory necessity it be-
comes in this court a complete and pet feet
crime under the Constitution, which must re-
quire his removal from oflice, and that any-
thing beyond the intent that the papers should
accomplish what they tend to accomplish is not
the subject of inquiry here. Well, it is the
subject of imputation in the articles; it is the
subject of the imputation in the arguments; it
is the subject, and the only subject, that gives
gravity to this trial, that there was a purpose
of injury to the public interest and to the pub-
lic safely in this proceeding.
Now, we seek to put this prosecution in its
proper place on this point, and to show that
our intent was no violence, no interruption of
the public service, 110 seizure of tlie military
appropriations, nothing but the purpose by
this movement either to'procure Mr. Stanton's
retirement, as was desired, or to have the
necessary looting for judicial proceedings. If
this evidence is excluded, then, when you come
to the summing up of this cause, you must
take the crime of the dimensions and of the
completeness that is here avowed, ami I shall
be entitled before this court, and before this
country to treat this accusation as if the article
had read that he issued that order for Mr.
Stanton's retirement, and that direction to
General Thomas to take charge ad ■interim.
with the intent and purpose of raising a ease
for the decision of the Supremo Court, of the
United States between the Constitution and
the act. of Congress; and if such an article had
been produced by the House of Representatives
and submitted to the Senate it would have
been a laughing stock of the whole country.
The gentlemen shall not make their argu-
ments and escape from them at the same
breath. I offer this evidence to prove that the
whole purpose and intent of the President of
the Uuited States in his action in reference to
the occupancy of the office of Secretary of
War had this extent and no more : to obtain a
peaceable delivery of that trust from one hold-
ing it at pleasure to the Chief Executive, or, in
the absence of that peaceable retirement, to
have a ease for the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States; andif the evidence
is excluded you must treat every one of these
articles as if the intent were limited to an open
averment in the articles themselves that the
intent of the President was such as I propose
to prove it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I desire, Mr. Chief
Justice, simply to read an authority to settle
the question as to a quo warranto. I read
from 5 Wheaton's Reports, page 291, the case
of Wallace vs. Anderson:
" Error to the Circuit Court of Ohio.
" This was an information for a quo warranto,
brought to try the title of the defendant to the office
of piincipal surveyor of the Virginia military bounty
lands north of the river Ohio, and between the rivers
Scioto and Littlo Miami. The defendant had been
appointed to the office by the State ot Virginia, and
continued to cxerciso its duties until tho year 1818,
during all whieh time his official acts were recog-
nized by the United States. In that year he was re-
moved hy the Governor and council of Virginia, and
the plaintiff appointed in his place. Tho writ was
brought, by consent of parties, to try tho title to the
oflice, waiving all questions o( form and of jurisdic-
tion."
"Air. Chief Justice Marshall delivered tho opin-
ion of the court, that a writ of quo wan an/o could
not. bo maintained except at the instance of the Gov-
ernment; and as this writ was issued by a. private
individual, without tho n.utborit..v of tin; Uovern-
menl, it could not bo sustained, whatever might be
the light of the prosecutor or ot the peison claiming
to exercise the office in question. Tho information
must therefore be dismissed.
"Judgment reversed."
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to remark, Mr. Chief
Justice, in reference to that authority, that it
is undoubtedly the law in this District and, so
far as 1 know, in all the States, and certainly
is the law in England, that there can be no writ
ot quo warranto, or information in the nature
ol such a writ, except in behalf of the public.
But what ollieer is to represent the public, in
whose name the information is to be filed, of
course depends upon the particular statutes
applicable to the case. These statutes, as
lawyers know, differ in the different States.
Under the laws of'the United States all proceed-
ings in behalf of the United States, in the cir-
cuit and district courts, arc taken by the district
attorneys in their own names; all proceedings
in behalf of the United States in the Supreme
Court arc taken by the Attorney General in
his name. In all cases of these public pro-
ceedings they are in the name and in behalf
olthe United Slates. \\ hat particular oflicer
shall represent the United States depends 011
the court where the proceeding is had. Now,
ill reference to Mr. Cox, we expect to show
an application by Mr. Cox to the district
attorney to obtain his signature to the proper
information and the obtaining of that signature.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, the coun-
sel for the President offer to prove that the
witness, Mr. Cox, was employed profession-
ally by the President in the presence of Gen-
eral Thomas to take such legal proceedings in
the case that had been commenced against
General 'Thomas as would be effectual to raise
judicially the question of Mr. -Stanton's legal
right to continue to hold the office of Secre-
tary for the Department of War against the
authority of the President, and also in refer-
ence to obtaining a writ of quo warranto for
the same purpose, and they slate that they ex-
pect to follow up this proof by evidence of
what was done by the witness iu pursuance of
the above employment. The first article of
impeachment, which may, perhaps, for this
purpose, be taken as a sample of the rest ic-
lating to the same subject, after charging that
"Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States," in violation of the Constitution and
laws, issued the order which has been so
frequently read for the removal of Mr. Stanton,
proceeds:
"Which order was unlawfully issued with intent
then and there to violate the act entitled'An act
regulating the tenure of certain civil officcs,' " &c.
The article charges, first, that the act was
done unlawfully, and then it charges that it
was done with_ intent to accomplish a certain
result. That intent the President denies, and
it is to establish that denial by proof that the
Chief Justice understands this evidence now
to be offered. It is evidence of an attempt to
employ counsel by the President in the pres-
ence of General Thomas. It is the evidence
so far of a fact; and it may be evidence also
of declarations connected with that fact. This
fact and these declarations, which the Chief
Justice understands to he in the nature of facts,
he thinks are admissible in evidence. The
Senate has already, upon a former occasion, de-
cided by a solemn vote that evidence oft he decla-
rations by the President to General Thomas
and by General Thomas to the President,
after this order was sent to Mr. Stanton, were
admissible in evidence. It has also admitted
evidence of the same effect, on the 22d, of-
fered by the honorable Managers. It seetns
to me that the evidence now offered comes
within the principle of those decisions; and,
as the Chief Justice has already had occasion
to say, he thinks that the principle of those
decisions is right, and that they are decisions
which are proper to be made by the Senate sitting
in its high capacity as a court of impeachment,
and composed, as it is, of lawyers and gentle-
men thoroughly acquainted with the business
transactions of life and entirely competent to
judge of the weight of any evidence which
may be submitted. He therefore holds the
evidence to be admissible, but wilt submit the
question to the Senate, if desired.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask a vote upon the ques-
tion, sir, by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 21; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Cor-
bett, Davis, Dixon, Doolittlo, lessen den, Fowler, Fre-
lin;:huysen, Grimes, Hendricks, Howe, j ohnson, Me-
Creery, Morritl of Maine, Morton, Noiton, Patteison
ot isrcw Hampshire, Patterson ot Tennessee, ltoss,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Spiague, Sumner, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Vickers, and \V111ey—29.
. NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Con!; -
ling, Cragin, Drake, Kilmunds, Ferry, Harlan, How-
ard, Morgan, Monill of Vermont. Nye, Pomcroy,
Kamsey, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Williams, Wilson,
and Y at.cs™21.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Cole, Conness, Henderson,
and Wade—4.
So the Senate decided the evidence offered by
the counsel for the President to be admissible.
Mr. CUliTIS, (to the witness.) Will you
now answer what occurred between the Presi-
dent, General Thomas, and yourself 011 that
occasion ?
Answer. In referring to the appointment of
General 'Thomas as Secretary of War ad in-
terim the President stated that Mr. Stanton
had refused to surrender possession of the
Department to General Thomas, and that ho
desired the necessary legal proceedings to be in-
stituted without delay to test General Thomas's
right to the office and to put him in possession.
I inquired if the Attorney General was to act iu
the matter, and whether I should consult, with
him. He stated that the Attorney General had
been very much occupied in the Supreme Court
and had not had time to look into the authori-
ties, but that he would be glad if I would con-
fer with him. I promised to do so, and stated
that I would examine the subject immediately,
and soon after took leave.
Question. When you left did you leave the
President and General Thomas there ?
Answer. I did.
Question. About what time iu the day was
it that you left?
Answer. I do not suppose I was there more
than twenty minutes. I left home about five
o'clock, I think, in a carriage. I was admitted
immediately.
Question. State now anything which you did
