2258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7
the other day when the Senate voted—of this
there can be no mistake, because every Sena-
tor present will bear me out in it—that we were
putting back, by the vote first given the other
day, the Navy to where it was in truth, not in
imagination, anterior to the waf. Now, it turns
out that we were not doing any such thing; it
turns out that while the law gave the Depart-
ment the power before the war to increase the
Navy to eighty-five hundred, they never in any
case had need to approach that maximum, but
that the highest number they ever had was
seventy-six hundred; and that, too, as I do not
wish to repeat too often, with a much greater
number of vessels and a much greater number
of guns.
The other day the committee and the Senate
were entirely agreed that the principle upon
which we should act was to restore the Navy
to its former condition in fact. We are only
doing tliat now; we are only correcting the
vote given the other day by the official figures
which are presented to us. Is not that right?
It seems to me manifestly it is, particularly
when two facts are bornein mind ; one is, (hat
the question now before us is practically not
who shall be enlisted into the Navy, but how
many shall be mustered out of the Navy to
razee it to a given point; and the other fact is
this, which must not be forgotten: we are dis-
cussing here a question of debtor and credit
between the Treasury of the United States and
the Navy of the United States. Senators must
not forget that the pay has been raised during
the war, and that, therefore, the same establish-
ment which we had before will be vastly more
expensive than it was ; and when that is taken
into the account, and when we include the fact
that we had added two hundred and fifty to the
number the House fixed and thus two hundred
and fifty to the actual number of men that
there ever was when the number was highest
before the war, I think the Senate will be able
10 defend itself and excuse itself against the
criticism made by my honorable friend from
Indiana.
Everybody knows that, excepting the inter-
est upon the public debt, the two bulky items
of appropriation are the Army and the Navy ;
and consistency in retrenchment certainly will
hold every Senator and every Representative
to scrutinize those two items of appropriation.
The interest is fixed ; we cannot cut that down ;
but those other two great items are not fixed ;
they are the proper subject of adjustment.
Now, here is the opportunity to follow the com-
mittee of the House of Representatives and
the original intentions of the committees of
this body, and at the same time to leave the
country furnished with the whole complement
and equipment that it ever had, and something
added to that. If we cannot stand by that, sir,
I humbly submit it is idle for any of us to talk
about or to hope for retrenchment or diminish-
ing in any way the appropriations that wc make.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I think
I am as earnestly in favor of retrenchment and
reform as the Senator from New York ; but I
propose to have some guides to my judgment
when I strike. When you reduced the Army,
or when you made a legal establishment of the
Army last year, did you do it without any in-
vestigation? Did you not consult the War De-
partment? Did you not take the judgment of
the distinguished Committee on Military Affairs
of this body? And when you fixed it did you
reduce it to the peace establishment? When
you made it eighty regiments strong, did you
not take the judgment of the War Department
and also of the committee upon that subject?
Now, when you propose to reduce the Navy
four or five thousand, at least one third, are you
not willing to take somewhat the judgment of
the Committee on Naval Affairs upon the ques-
tion? The question itself is never to reach
that committee, it seems; but simply a general
declamation in favor of retrenchment, econ-
omy, and reform, you are to cut down below
the standard of peace prior to the war. I did
not state the question at all improperly when I
was up before. The legal standard before the
war was eighty-five hundred; and the Senator
thinks he answers by saying the standard was
not reached, the corps was not full; it was
only filled up to seventy-six hundred at its
maximum practically and in fact. Sir, are we
not now fixing the legal standard of the force ?
We are not now putting the men in, but we are
saying what shall be the maximum, fixing it
according to law.
When last year you said that the Army
might be seventy five or eighty regiments, you
contemplated what is now the case; that it is
only fifty-six thousand men strong. And
when you now fix the legal maximum of the
Navy at eighty-five hundred, it does not in-
volve the necessity that it should always be
thus full. There may be times when the Dfe-
partment will let it run down to seventy-six
hundred, or below that. All we ask is that the
standard prior to the war shall have some
force in the Senate, and that the judgment of
the committee shall have some respect in this
body.
Now, sir, the Senator refers again to the
apprentices. I want to know if apprentices
are to be regarded as a portion of the avail-
able force of the Navy. What is the apprentice?
A boy that is placed in the service for the pur-
pose of learning him how to bo of service.
The apprentice is not to be regarded as a part
of the available strength of the service.
The Senator, in answer to my inquiry what
information has the Senate, tells us—what? I
challenged for the information, and he tells us
that two weeks ago the other House passed
this bill reducing the Navy to eighty-five hun-
dred men, including the apprentices. Our
committee reports eighty-five hundred men
excluding the apprentices. In other words,
the committee places the standard where it was
before the war, and does not regard the ap-
prentices, boys that are learning how to bo of
service to the nation, as a part of the naval
force. But is the Senate to bo told when we
ask for information that the House has passed
the bill? If that is to bo regarded, Senators,
as a sufficient answer, why do wc investigate
any question that comes from the House ?
Why not say that the House is the people's
branch, and that the Senate must concur in
every judgment of the House ? That is not the
policy of American legislation. The Senate for
itself decides what shall bo the Army and the
Navy of the United States as well as the House
of Representatives exercises its judgment upon
the subject; and in the absence of information
it is but reasonable to follow the Committee
on Naval Affairs when it says to the Senate
that we ought not to go below the legal stand-
ard—1 do not mean the number in fact, but
the standard fixed by law prior to the war.
The Senator has referred to the expense to
the nation of the Army and Navy, and says
that wo must strike down. Why, sir, we agree
to strike down nearly one third, from twelve
thousand and some hundred to eighty-five hun-
dred. I understand this apprentice business.
That is not a part of the naval force. That is
the source from which we expect to fill up the
Navy from time to time, to furnish it with ex-
perienced and educated men for its purposes.
It is not to be regarded as a part of its avail-
able force for keeping ships in trim, managing
them in their cruises, and doing all those things
for which we need a force.
I concede the importance of the retrench-
ment in the Army and where we can in the
Navy. When we agree to reduce the Navy
from twelve thousand three hundred, as 1 be-
lieve it now stands, to eighty-five hundred, is
notthat a large retrenchment? Isthe Senator
from New York prepared to say that the Navy
ought to be retrenched to a greater extent ?
That you should reduce it more than a third ?
I do not know that. Before I vote upon that
subject I wish to have the opinion of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs; I wish to have the
opinion of the Department, and all the facts
stated. I want to know, when we reduce the
Army, where our regiments are, how full they
are, what number of regiments were required
upon the border, what number of regiments to
man our forts, where we need a military force;
and then, having all the facts, I am prepared
to vote with some degree of intelligence upon
the proposed reduction of the Army. What
is the comparison, sir? The Army is costing us
$100,000,000 a year. Last month, as I noticed
by some statement in the newspapers, it cost
cost nearly fourteen million dollars, or at the
rate of over one hundred and fifty million dol-
lars a year.
I do not choose that the comparison shall be
made between the Navy and the Army in that
respect. But it is not a part of my argument
now to institute any comparison. The Senator
has spoken of the two. There is no compari-
son. The chairman of the Committee on Na-
val Affairs is willing to reduce the Navy down
to the standard prior to the war. Does the
Senator from New York wish to go further in
regard to the Army? Prior to the war the
Army, as fixed by law, was about sixteen thou-
sand men. When some committee shall pro-
pose to reduce the Army to the peace standard
of sixteen thousand men will the Senator from
New York get up then and in the name of
economy, retrenchment, and reform say that
we must go a thousand lower? No, sir. We
must know something about it, in my judg-
ment, before we reduce below the peace
standard.
And his comparison of the number of guns
prior to the war and at this time, I think, throws
no light on the question. The Senator knows
very well that upon some of the vessels there
are but two guns, when on some of the old-
fashioned ships, requiring no more men, there
might be a dozen or perhaps twenty or thirty
guus ; so that throws no light upon the subject.
We must have the men to manage the ships
according to their machinery and their mode
of being managed.
Now, sir, all I have to add is just this—the
argument I commenced with : it is now pro-
posed to reduce the Navy to the legal standard
of eighty-five hundred, where it was before the
war ; and I say that the Senate is not justified
in goingbelow that unless we have some inform-
ation from the Department or some report from
the proper committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes 22, noes 15; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 7, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial ofthe Montana Agricultural, Mechan-
ical, and Mineral Association, praying a dona-
tion of public lands to that Territory for the
benefit of the association j which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RAMSAY presented a petition of Mrs.
Emma M. Moore, widow of Lieutenant John
W. Cox, of the United States Navy, and of
the late senior Captain E. W. Moore, of the
lexas na,vy, praying to be restored to the
pension list ; which was referred to the Com-
rnitteo on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I present
to the Senate a memorial from some two or
three thousand colored citizens of the South
living m_ South Carolina, Alabama, Georgia
and Mississippi, asking the Government of the
United States to give them some aid to enable
them to emigrate to Liberia. It i3 stated in „
paper from the Colonization Society!^
panying the memorial that the societv
applications from three thousand for ,fa^®
to Liberia, and that the memorial which I am
about to present is authorized to be signed by
four thousand more, making a total $ r
thousand Their ropresentefe,n MtT"
ar6 unable to obtain the happiness to Vhich
