1234 -
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Mr. HOWARD. "Not a shot had been
fired."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ytras that the language
I used? I do not have it before me. Not a
shot had been fired, certainly upon our part;
and yet the Senator says flagrant war existed!
Can yon have war when there are no contend-
ing parties? War existed, if at all, on one
side only. That imbecile President suffered
your forts and arsenals and custom-houses to
be surrendered up without striking a blow.
That imbecile President, for not cooperating
with whbm the Senator from Michigan now
denounces the claimant to a seat here, gave
them all up. I am not going over the whole
history of the transactions that occurred in the
winter of 1860 and 1861; but I might refer the
Senator from Michigan to the decision of the
Supreme Court on this question in the prize
cases. There the question was as to when the
war began; whether it began when the Presi-
dent issued his proclamation and call for sev-
enty-five thousand men in April or not until
Congress met aud recognized the existing con-
flict. The court were unanimous in the opin-
ion t-hat war existed after Congress acted; but
nobody contended that war existed before the
firing upon Fort Sumter. Nobody insisted,
and no member of the court held that war ex-
isted before the calling .out of the seventy-five
thousand men. I say now there had been 110
conflict when Mr. Thomas resigned, and his
resignation had nothing to do with the sending
of ihe Brooklyn to Charleston harbor. There
is not a particle of testimony in this record
that Thomas knew nuything about it. The
Senator from Michigan says:
" I assert that at the timo Mr. Thomas resigned bis
commission ns Secretary of the Treasury there was
flagrant civil war in tlio United States."
Mr. HOWARD. Very flagrant.
Mr. TliUMBJLL. How flagrant? Had
the United States tired a gun?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Had your imbecile
President fired a gun in protection of the honor
of the country?
. Mr. HOWARD. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL, lie had? Where?
Mr. DRAKE. Suppose he had not; it had
been fired on the other side.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was not much of a
war; fighting in peace on one side and war 011
the other. I suppose. That is flagrant war!
Mr. DRAKE. It was war began on the other
side and not responded to yet on our side.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it had not got to
be very flagrant, I take it, according to the
opinion of the Senator from Missouri. It
would not be a very flagrant war where the
fighting was all on one side.
Mr. DRAKE. Very flagrant on that side.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a modification
of what the Senator from Michigan said. Now,
if you are to take the statement of Mr. Thomas,
and it is here in the record, he gives you the
reason why he resigned, and he says that was
the sole reason. The Senator from Michigan
and the Senator from Indiana say, " I do not
believe him." There is 110 reasoning with
gentlemen who say they do not'believe the
testimony. It is in the physical power of a
man to say lie does not believe anything, in the
existence of a Supreme Being even; but we
are to act upon the facts disclosed in the case.
Suppose that the shot fired at the Star of the
West had been the last gun that was lired, as
it was the first—that the Slates had returned
to their allegiance, and no civil war had fol-
lowed—would the firing of that gun have con-
stituted flagrant war ? Mr. Thomas, m resign-
ingin January, 1801, cannotbeheldrespoustblc
for what occurred months or years afterward,
although-tke Senator Ironi Indiana sought to
hold-him responsible byway^of relation. A
man fmay have done an act in 1800 or lbol
entirely legitimate and proper, which, if it had
been done with a view to, or a knowledge of,
what was afterward to occur, might have been
very criminal. The act is to be judged of by
the circumstances surrounding it atHhe time.
So much for this '' flagrant war.'' The Sen-
ator from Michigan says further:
" With the utmost respect for those gentlemen upon
the opposite side who entertain that opinion, 1 must
say that this construction of the plain evidence in
this case is entirely unsatisfactory; and, indeed, i
must be permitted to use a term lrom which I should
ordinarily refrain; I must bo permitted to say that
this interpretation of this testimony is puerile.'' g.
Then the interpretation put upon it by throe
who made this report, the Senators from Ne-
vada, from New York, and others, is puerile in
the opinion of the Senator from Michigan who
saw this "flagrant war" before a single sol-
dier upon our side had fired a gun or even been
marshaled for war! I take none of the Sena-
tors charge of puerility to myself, for I did not
agree to the report for reasons already stated,
but the facts reported are exactly what oc-
curred ;. they were taken down by a stenog-
rapher at the time, and are reported to the
Senate.
I believe I have said about all I designed in
regard to the resignation of Mr. Thomas. I
take the record; I take what is before us.
Gentlemen go outside and ring the changes
upon the measures taken to inaugurate the re-
bellion and then say that Mr. Thomas is respon-
sible for tliein. If he is responsible for them,
it must be because the evidence connects him
with them; but there is.no such evidengjji
unless the simple fact of his resigning his
office as Secretary of the Treasury when it
seems he did not have the confidence of the
moneyed men of the country furnishes it. I
should like to ask my friend from Michigan if
he would not have advised him to resign under
the circumstances V Did not the public inter-
ests require it? Though lie had been as loyal
and as patriotic aud as true as the Senator
from Michigan himself, was it not best that he
should resign and let somebody take his place
at that critical time in our public affairs who
had the confidence of the moneyed men of the
country? I put it to the Senator from Ohio,
who condemns him for his conduct at that
time, if he had been asked the question by Mr.
Thomas whether he had not best resign, would
he not have said, " Yes. resign." And I say
here to-day there was no one act that trans-
pired in January, 1801, which did more to en-
courage the hearts of patriots than his resigna-
tion and the appointment of John A. Dix as his
successor, who issued that memorable order
to a revenue officer in New Orleans to shoot
down the man who should attempt to haul down
the American flag.
It is unfortunate that Mr. Thomas did not
have the confidence of the moneyed men of the
country; but I say that that act of resignation
of his and giving up the Treasury to a man
who did possess their confidence, so far from
giving aid and comfort to the rebellion, was a
blow at the rebellion. But Mr. Thomas gave
§100 to his son who went into the rebellion,
and it is said that the motive with which or
the purpose for which he gave it has nothing
to do with the case. I agree—and let there
be no dispute between us on that pointe-if
Mr. Thomas gave $100 to his son to aid him
in going to join the rebel army he ought not
to be permitted to take the oath which would
qualify him as a Senator. This case is argued
as if that was so, as if it was established that
he gave his son the means to go into the rebel
army, that he gave him S100 to enable him to
buy an outfit to join the rebels. If he did I
am against him. I would not vote to allow
hitn to take his seat if the testimony satisfied
me that that was so, and we should have 110
dispute 011 this matter. But did he do that?
Did he give mouey for any such purpose?
What is the evidence? The evidence is that
he tried to dissuade his son from going; that
he told him not to go; that after the son came
here to Washington, had spent all his money,
and did not get into the rebel lines, Mr.
Thomas induced the boy's mother to write to
him and appeal to liira to eoine home. It is
evident that be did not want him to go from
all the circumstances.
But it is said he gave him $100, and if the
boy had not had the $100 he would not have
been as well qualified to go. Now, let us test
this argument for a moment. All of us in thi3
body voted money to feed rebel prisoners. I
do not know that the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] was here at that time, but if he
had been here he certainly would have voted
with us to tax our constituents to raise money
to feed the rebel prisoners in our hands. We
fed them better than .many of them were ever
fed in their lives before. Many of those pris-
oners were afterward exchanged, fought us. and
slew our friends, our relatives, oar brothers.
If we had not fed them, if we had done as the
rebels did \nth the Union prisoners at Ander-
sonville, if we had starved them^.to death,
they never could have fought against us a
second time. When the Senator from Michi-
gan voted with me to take money out of the
Treasury to feed eighty thousand rebels and
keep them in health did he thereby give aid
and comfort to the rebellion ? Many of those
very rebels that you taxed your constituents
to feed afterward fought against us.
Mr. HOWARD. They were prisoners of
war, I suppose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, they were prison-
ers of war; but you kept them alive and fed
them, and when exchanged let them go into
the rebel ranks; whereas if you had doue as the
rebels did with our Union, men at Anderson-
ville you would have starved them to death,
and they would never have fought you any
more. Why, sir, how is it on the field of bat-
tic? How was it with the Union soldiers when
they captured rebels in arms, and when they
took as prisoners their wounded, their famish-
ing, and tlieirdying rebel enemies? The Union
soldier emptied his canteen and gave the rebel
a drink of water; he divided with him his loaf
of bread to prevent him from starvation. Was
that giving aid and comfort to the rebellion,
because it turned out afterward that that rebel
thus saved from starvation and death by the
magnanimity of that patriotic soldier was en-
abled to fight us again? „
I cite these cases by way of illustration
merely to show that it is not the act, but the
purpose with which the act is done, that con-
stitutes crime. If Mr. Thomas gave S100 to
his son, not as the Union soldier gave half
his loaf of bread to the rebel he had captured,
and who, perhaps, in the next hour afterward
was released by an onset of the rebel army ; if
he did not give it in that sense, but for the
purpose of enabling his son to fit himself out
to join the rebels, then he did give aid and
comfort to the rebellion. But I say it is a
perversion of terms to declare that you are
giving aid and comfort to the rebel when you
are simply answering the calls of humanity
and saving a d)ing man from starvation. Our
surgeons were all over the battle fields of the
war caring alike for the wounded of both arm-
ies. They saved the lives of many wounded
rebels, and thereby enabled them afterward
again to enter the rebel ranks and fight against
us. It was the purpose with which they did
it which takes from the deed all semblance
of crime, and makes it a noble, a praiseworthy,
and a magnanimous act. So in regard to
the $100—if it was given by Mr. Thomas to
clothe and feed the boy it was an innocent
act;; if to enable him to join the rebels it was
criminal. The testimony shows it to have
been given for the former purpose. But Mr.
Thomas is guilty of misprision of treason, says
somebody, because he knew that an act of
treason was about to be committed and did
not give notice of it. As I said the other day,
we are all of us guilty in that respect.
Mr. DRAKE. I would ask the honorable
Senator from Illinois if we all had sons going
into tlie rebel army, minors, whom we could
have restrained if we would, and to whom we
need not have given money unless wc chose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that
we had. I do not think that is any answer
to the argument which I am making, or has, if
I may be permitted to say so, anything to do
with it.
