4306
THE COtfG-RESSIOHAL
July14!
rights of native citizens. They have rights in
the soil which could not be taken away. Even
while slaves that right was recognized by giv-
ing them all the rights of native citizens in the
soil and in the national fund.
Now, sir. a census was taken of these Creeks
and a division of this money was ordered per
capita. The question was raised by some of
the rebel Creeks, who had not forgotten then-
hostility to the Africans, as to whether these
African Creeks should be counted in, and
Mr. Bogy, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
decided they should not bo counted in and
their portion should be distributed among
the other Creeks. • When it became necessary
to appropriate $400,000 to carry out the treaty
and to send down a commission to examine
the claim of the loyal Creeks there, the Senate
put on a proviso that there should be no more
money paid to the Creeks until all the Creeks
should have all the rights of native citizens in
the soil and national fund, it says to them
that they shall not exclude the "Creeks of
African descent'' from their share which it is
necessary they should have to make tliem self-
sustaining. We do not. mean to take anything
out of the Creeks at all. We do not think it
was their fault. We think it was the fault of
Mr. Bogy, the Commissioner, that this fund
was not fairly distributed betore, but at the
next payment of installment upon this very
land we propose that a fair, just, and honest
division shall be made with the Creeks of
African descent.
My colleague puts his objection upon the
ground that the Creeks say in their treaty that
the Africans had no interest in the soil. Ah,
the Africaus were not made parties to the treaty
or they might have given it an entirely differ-
ent construction. They said the Africans had
no interest in the soil. Hereafter we say they
shall have an equal interest with native citizens
in the soil and in the national fund.
Mr. VAN THUMP. If the Creeks said that
those who were not parties to the treaty had
no interest in the soil, that is an allegation that
the United States, as a treaty-making party,
should lake no advantage of.
Mr. BUTLlili, ot Massachusetts. The diffi-
culty was there was nobody representing the
African. He was left out as he always has
been heretofore in everything. But hereafter
he is to have his share in the national fund.
This money to be paid by the treaty is to be
divided among all the citizens of the Creek
nation.
One word further. Here is $275,000 put
into the school fund. Would you provide 
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Understand me, 1 make
no question in regard to any other fund except
this specific sum of $200,000. All the other
. part is to be enjoyed in common by them.
Mr. BUTLlik, of Massachusetts, f agree;
but if yonr principle is good for this $200,000,
it is good for the other $275,000, because the
school fund is part of the same payment for
the same men, and makes a part of the same
fund.
Mr. VAN THUMP. However, with the
same stipulation in regard to repairs to the
specific farms of certain Indians of the Creek
nation 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As my
friend puts the whole stress of his argument
on that, I will read it. The provision of the
treaty was this:
have anrlenjoy .ill thcricchtsn.nd privileges
of native eilizon?, including an ceuat interest in tbo
M>it and national liuuh find the taws of tbe United
States shaH be equally binding and «ivo equal pro-
tection to all such persons, iindall othersof whatever
viue or eolor who rii:iy be adopted as citizens or mem-
bers of said tribe."
Mr. VAN THUMP. I have no doubt the
gentleman has read it right. The only ques-
tion is whether this specific fund for a specific
pmpose, which applies only to a portion of
the Creeks, can be applied to the national
fun : common to all?
Mr. iiUTLKll, of Massachusetts. _ The rea-
son I call it a national fund is that it is to lie
appropriated to repairs and to the restoration
of farms injured during the war, and to entible
the nation to become self-sustaining. Now, I
do not know any better definition of a national
fund than a fund to enable a nation to become
self-sustaining. I bold to that. My friend
bases his argument oil the first clause. I base
mine on the second clause, which intends to
make the Indians self-sustaining. But he agrees
with me in regard to tlie division per capita,
including those of African descent, so far as
the other appropriations are concerned. I am
able to say that every poition of the bill was
discussed in committee as carefully as this has
been, and that here was the only disagreement
on the part of auy member of the committee
to the various amendments to the bill. .1 now
call the previous question.
The previousquestion was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee of con-
ference was agreed to.
Mr. BUL'IjKH, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report was
agreed to; and also moved tlmt the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SURVEYOR OKN'EUAT, 01' T.OU1S1A.NA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
.Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a letter
fioui the Commissioner of tbe General Land
Otlieo, relative to the office of surveyor gen-
eral of Louisiana and the archives of the
office, and recommending an appropriation of
y 1,500 therefor; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
emotion in mississippi.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a communication from General Hawlings,
chief of .staff of the General of the Army,
with a report from the commander of the
fourth military district of the recent election
in Mississippi for State constitution, &c.
The SPEAKER. The communication is
quite bulky. JJoes the House desire to have
it printed ?
Mr. WASHBUltNE, of Illinois. I sup-
po<o the question of printing it had better be
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 hope, that part of it which
relates to the election will be printed.
The SPEAKER. It appears all to relate to
the election,although the Chair has not exam-
ined it very closely.
Mr. BROOKS. The Committee on Recon-
struction have the subject of the Mississippi
election before them, and may take some action
upon it.
The SPEA KBR. Ordering it to be printed
at this stage of the session would delay action.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. It could
not be printed in season for use at this session.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the papers will all be referred to the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction with authoiit.y to iiave
tliem printed if they desire. The Chair hears
no objection, and it is so ordered.
ENROLLED 1SILL SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled an act (S. No. So2) to authorize the
temporary supplying of vacancies in the Exec-
utive Departments ; when tbe Speaker signed
the same.
eveni.no session.
Mr. SClllENCK. It is now so late that I
hope the House will agree to meet at half past
seven o'clock this evening to go on with the
funding bill.
' Mr. BROOKS. 1 do not think it is any use.
The Senate will not agree to adjourn.
Mr. GAREJ EJjL). I have no doubt we can
adjourn tins week if we finish this bill early.
Mr. SCIIBNOK. By way of testing the
question, I move that there be a meeting this
evening for business at half past seven o' clock.
Mr. BROOKS. To take op what,subject?
Mr. SCHENCK. Tbe funding bill will be
the first thing in order.
The question was taken on Mr. Schencx's
motion; and it was agreed to—ayes eighty-one,
noes not counted.
BELIEF MOM DISABILITY.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to report from the
Committee of'Elections a bill to relieve Simeon
Corley, one of the Representatives-elect from
South Carolina from disability, with a view to
putting it on its passage.
The SPEAKER. That will require a vote
bv yeas? and nays.
" Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. I object to the introduc- •
tion of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Tbe gentleman has with-
drawn it.
UNCONSTITUTIONAL OFFICE-HOLDING.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :.
Hcsolood, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
hereby instructed to report to this House without
delay a bill providing proper penalties to be adjudged
against any person wlio holds or attempts to hold
any oiiico ni violation of the provisions of the, four-
teenth artielcof the Constitution of the United States
or who shall exercise any ot the functions or receive
any of the perquisites of such oftieo.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. SCHEN CK. I move that the House
now take a recess.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
House took a recess till lialf past seven o'clock,
p. in.
EVENING! SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. iu.
c. hansen.
Mr. BROOKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the petition of C. Hansen, for protec-
tion as to a contract for a canal across the
Isthmus of Holstein ; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be priuted.
The petition is as follows:
To the honorable ihe House of Jiepresentatives of the
United Status :
Tho undersigned, a citizen of tho United States, in
behalf ol himself and of a company formed in tho
United Slates ior tho purpose of opening a ship-
canal aerots the Isthmus of Holstein, begs leave to
represent that on application to the Government of
tho kingdom ol' Denmarkthecanalcompanyreceived
on tho Dth of October, lSbO, from the loyal ministry
for the duelicsa of Holstein and Lauenburg, a eon-
Cession for the survey of the canal, in accordance
wherewith tbo> company expended largo suras of
money in making the picliminaiy surveys and was
prepared to enter upon the execution of the work,
but was pi evented by tho war undertaken by tho
kingdom ot Prussia and the empire of Austria against
tho kingdom ofDenmark.
By tho treaty of peace subsequently made between
tho kingdom of Prussia and the kingdom of JJenmark,
by which Prussia, acquired the territoiy through
which the canal was to run, it is provided in the sev-
enteenth article thereof, that all concessions, grants,
and contracts made by the kingdom of Denmark,
.shall be observed and laufied by the kingdom of
Pnif sin.
Th«? undersigned, on behalf of hi'usclfandthe com-
pany winch lie icpre&mtfc, ba& under that section of
the treaty applied to the royal Government ol Prus-
sia for permission to carry out the concession to tho
company, and to exceute this important commercial
work. AIL his efforts to that end have, however,
proved fruitier, and he is now compelled to appeal
to his own Government, through tho House of Kepre-
scntatives, to assert and protect his rights.
He therefore humbly solicits that the House of
.Representatives shall make inquiries into the facts
which he is prepared to substantiate, and that it
will enact a law of Congress, directing the Secretary
ot bfatc to demand and procure proper indenmifica-
tt01' to him, and authorizing the President of the
U mted fetatcs, in case such indemnification is refused,
to take measures to enforce it.
(J. HANSEN, of New York.
Washington City, My iy, 1808.
tax on MANUFACTURERS.
Mr. BROOKS also, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee of Ways and Means, re-
ported back the bill (II. R. No. 132T) to amend
an act entitled "An act to exempt certain man-
ufacturers from internal tax., and for other pur-
poses," approved March 31, 1888.
