THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
subsequently in consequence of this employ-
ment?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Does the presiding
officer rule that anything that Mr. Cox did
afterward tends to show the President's in-
tent?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
considers it within the principle of the ruling
,of the Senate.
The Witness. After reflecting upon the sub-
ject, supposing that the President's desire was
to have the questions 111 controversy 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I take it the wit-
ness's suppositions are not to go in, are they,
Mr. President?
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the witness.)
State what was done?
Mr. CURTIS. In view of which he was
acting.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I never heard of
any man's supposition being put in before.
The Witness. I came to the conclusion
that-  
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Now, your " con-
clusions! " The witness is asked what did he
do, not what his conclusions were.
Mr. CURTIS. That is an act for a lawyer,
a pretty important act for a lawyer, to come to
a conclusion.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. It may or may
' not be.
The Witness. I am stating what course I
determined to pursue.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. What the witness
did is the only thing inquired about, and I wish
hiiu kept to that.
Mr. CURTIS. One thing was that he came
to a conclusion. I want to know what that was.
Mr. ^Manager BUTLER. I object to the
conclusion, and should like to have the ruling
of the presiding officer upon that.
The Witness. On Monday  
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I wish to have
that settled.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
has no doubt that the witness may state his con-
clusions: but he will put the question to the
Senate it'desired. [Alter a pause, to the wit-
ness.] Go on.
The Witness. The proceeding by quoivar-
ranto being a very tedious one, which could
not be brought to a conclusion within even a
year, and General Thomas having been arrested
for a violation of the tenurc-of-olliue act, I
thought the best mode of pioceeding was in
the liist instance 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I object now to
his thoughts. Stop somewhere.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the witness.)
State your conclusions.
The Witness. I determined then to proceed
in the lirst instance in the case of General
Thomas. I had a brief interview with the
Attorney General 011 Monday morning.
By Mr. Curtis :
Question. To proceed how?
Answer. To proceed before the examining
judge in that case (as I was about to explain)
if the case was in proper condition for it, by
applying to the Supreme Court of the United
States l'or a writ of habeas corpus, so that the
Supreme Court, upon the return of the writ,
could examine and see whether  
Mr. Manager BUTLER. These are not acts
that are now being given, Mr. President. They
ate thoughts and conclusions and reasonings
of this party, what lie would do if something
else happened. I object.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
supposes that the counsel employed by the
Pie.Miient may state what course ho pursued,
and why he pursued it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. You think he can
put, in his own determinations and reasonings?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. In reference to
that matter, yes.
Air. Manager BUTT/EK. I would like the
judgment of the Senate upon that.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel will
please put the question thev address to the wit-
ness in writing, if any Senator desires the judg-
ment of the Senate; if not, the witness will
proceed.
Mr. THAYER. I ask. 
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that the question
may be reduced to writing, so that we may un-
derstand it.
The CHIEF JUSTICE.^ The counsel will
reduce their question to writing.
The question propounded to the witness by
the counsel for the respondent was read, as
follows:
State what conclusions you arrived at as to the
proper course to bo taken to accomplish the instruc-
tion given you by the President.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is not what
1 objected to, Mr. President, and asked to have
a ruling upon. Conclusions I did not object
to. I objected to his putting in his thoughts
and his reasonings by which he came to his
conclusions. What he did was one thing, what
he thought, and what he determined, and what
he wished, and what he hoped depend so much
on the state of his mind, whether he was loyally
or disloyally disposed to the Government, that
1 do not think it competent.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will direct the witness to confine himself to the
conclusions to which he came and the steps
which he took.
The Witness. Having come to the con-
elusion, then, that the most expeditious way of
raising the questions in controversy before the
Supreme Court was to apply for a writ of
habeas corpus in case General Thomas's case
was in proper shape for that, I had a brief
interview with the Attorney General on Mon-
day morning, and this course met with his ap-
proval. 1 then proceeded to act in conjunction
with the counsel whom General Thomas had
engaged to act in his defense in the first
instance.
By Mr. Curtis :
Question. Who was that?
Answer. Mr. Merrick, of Washington. In
order, however, to procure a writ of habeas
corpus from the Supreme Court of the United
States it was necessary that the commitment
should be made by a court, and not by a judge
at chambers or a justice of the peace, whereas
General Thomas had been arrested and par-
tially examined before one of the justices of
the supreme court of the District of Columbia
at chambers, and had been held to appear for
further examination on Wednesday the 2(Uh
of February. On Wednesday the 26th the
criminal court was opened, if I recollect
aright, the chief justice presiding, and he an-
nounced that he would then proceed to the
examination of the case against General
Thomas.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I have the honor
to object now, Mr. President, to any proceed-
ings of any description in court being proved
other than by the record of the court.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the witness to state
what he did in court. It may have resulted
iu a record, or it may not have resulted in a
record. Until we know what he did we can-
not tell whether it would result in a record or
not. We do not know that it ever got into a
court where there could be a record. I t may
have been an ineffectual attempt to get it into
a court where there could be a record.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Now, 1 call the
attention of you, Mr. President and the Sen-
ators, to the ingenuousness of that speech.
The witness has exactly testified that the court
had opened and was going on to say what was
done in court, what Chief Justice Cartter an-
nounced in court, in the criminal court.
Mr. CURTIS. If the honorable Manager
will give way for a moment, I say—I intended
to be so understood before—that here was the
chief justice of the District sitting in a magis-
terial capacity; he also, as Mr. Cox has said,
was there holding the criminal court. Now,
we desire to prove that there was an effort made
by Mr. Cox to get this case transferred from
the chief justice in his capacity of a magis-
trate into and before the criminal court, and we
wish to show what Mr. Cox did in order to
obtain that.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Now, then, I again
say that we have found that we have got ,into
court and the record has been produced here.
The witness himselfJias said that Chief Justice
Cartter announced that he was going to opeji
the court. Now, if the Senate want to try
Chief Justice Cartter, and whether he has done
rightly or wrongly, I only desire that he should
have counsel here to defend him. I never
before heard the proceeding of a court or a
magistrate sitting in a case undertaken to be
proved in a tribunal where he was not on trial
by the declarations of the counsel of the crimi-
nal who got beaten, or who succeeded, either.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Chief Justice
will submit the question to the Senate. Coun-
sel will please reduce the question to writing.
The question having been reduced to writing
was read by the Secretary, as follows:
What did you do toward getting out a writ of
Itaheas corpus under the employment of the Presi-
dent?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is not the
question wo have been debating at all. I wish
the proprieties of ths place would allow me to
characterize that as I think it ought to be; but
that was not the question we were debating. I
made an objection, Mr. President, that this
witness should not state what took place in
court, and now they put a general question
which evades that.
Mr. EVAilTS. Our general question is
intended to draw out what took place in court.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Then we object.
Mr. EYARTS. Very well; that we under-
stand. We do not wish to be characterized
about it, though.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Senators, you who
are of opinion that the question is admissi-
ble 
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays ;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. 1 wish to have the question
reported again.
The Secretary read the question, as follows:
What did you do towaid getting out a writ of
hahoii corpus under the employment of the Presi-
dent?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I wish that the
statement of counsel may be added to that,
" this being intended to ask what the witness
did in court."
Mr. EV ARTS. It covers what he did every-
where, which includes " in court."
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is another
change.
Mr. EVARTS. No change whatever. The
question has been read three times. It is
intended to call out what the witness did
toward getting out a writ of habeas corpus,
and it covers what he did in court, which was
the very place to do it.
Mr. CURTIS. If any change or addition is
to be made to the question we do not wish to
have any equivocation about the word " court,"
because that may have a double meaning. What
was done or attempted to lie done was before
the magistrate ; we meant by that in the court.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. A judge or magis-
trate sitting judicially, which is the court for all
purposes.
Mr. CURTIS. " Sitting judicially," but not
as a court.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question once more.
The Secretary read as follows:
What did you do toward getting out a writ of
habeas corpus under the employment of the Presi-
dent?
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chief Justice, I de-
sire to state that my friend from Missouri [Mr,
Henderson] is sick and unable to attend in
his place in the Senate to-day. He wished me
to make that announcement.
The call of the roll having been concluded,
the result was announced—yeas 27, nays 23;
as follows:
Y EAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Euckalew, Da,visi
Dixon, Doolittle, I'essendon, i'owler, E'relinghuysciii
