3284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
connect with the same, can make connection within
the limits prescribed in this act. provided the same
can bo done without deviating i'rom the geneial
direction of tlie whole line to the Pacific coast."
Now, I had supposed ihatiu this general plan
this law made it obligatory 011 the lower com-
pany so to locate its road that the company
now under discussion might make a connec-
tion. The question which I asked the Senator
was whether the ninth section of the act of
186-1 relieved that company of that obligation,
allowed it to swing its entire line westward as
far as it pleased, and thus defeat one purpose
of the act ot 1802—the purpose of a connec-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend comes to a
conclusion in putting his question which is not
warranted by the fact. He says you thfts defeat
the connection that the act of 18i 2 authorized
this present company to make. The fact is
that it does not defeat the connection. The
act of 18G2 authorized the company now in
question to connect at any point past of the
one hundredth meridian, not, at the end of one
hundred miles. It might connect anyivhere
between the Missouri river and the One hun-
dredth meridian. Now. the eastern division
company stretches from The Missouri river to
the one hundredth meridian, just as it would
have done after the act of J 802, only it does
not strike the one hundredth meridian at the
samp point of latitude that it would have done
under the act of li>02. but it strikes it at a
point further south. This company making
this claim therefore has a perfect right, un-
doubtedly, by force of all these acts together,
to swing down to any point east of the one
hundiedth meridian that it wishes to do, and
connect with the line of the eastern division.
There is nothing in tiic world to prevent it,
except the fact that, it will not pay.
Mr. HEX 1JKIOKS. The act of 1800 give s
that authority.
Mr. KD.M L'NDS. It is the act of 1864, 1
repeat to my friend from Indiana. The act of
18G2, which lie has correctly read, required the
eastern division to connect with the Union
Pacific on the one hundredth meridian ; and,
inasmuch as the location of the Union Pacilic
was at a certain point on the one hundredth
meridian then, or was expected to be. just
about where it is now, west of Omaha, it
authorized this other company to strike this
northwestern line, as it then would be connect-
ing at the one hundredth meridian, at any
point it pleased east of that, not at the limit of
one hundred miles, or two hundred, or three
hundred, but wherever it. pleased. It gave a
discretion to the central branch to connect
anywhere. Now the act of ISO! comes in and
declaies that the piineipal branch line, the
eastern division, need not connect with the
Union Pacilic at the end of its line, on the
one hundredth meridian, but may swing on
further west, and, therefore, it authorized it to
cross the one hundredth meridian at any point
it pleased, but it stiM gave the company my
friend is speaking for the right to connect, and
it lias the right, now. Nobody is trying to
defeat that right; but the trouble and the cause
of grievance is, that under this authority of the
act of 181)4 the eastern division has located its
road so far to the south that the people who
are making this claim upon our bounty do not
find it to their advantage to make any con-
nection. There is nothing- in the law which
hinders their connecting with it on the present
line.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But the trouble is
that the law and the geography taken together
do not allow it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly; but I do not
know that we have in any of these acts under-
taken to guaranty the geography of Kansas.
Alt we have guarantied by the acts of 181)2
and 1804, taken together, is authority for this
eastern division to connect at Denver, or at
any point west of the one hundredth meridian.
And we, iu the same act, have given authority
to the central branch to connect with this
eastern division at any point east of the one
hundredth meridian. Now, it so happens that
the principal line, under this authority, has
located its road in such a condition that in point
of geography, my friend says—but rather
in point of profit, because there is nothing in
geography that will hinder it except the laet
that it will not be a paying enterprise—the cen-
tral branch people do not want to connect., but
they want to take up under the sixteenth sec-
tion of the act of 18154 the privileges which
they say, by the act of 1802, were granted to
this other company of going northwest and
having a double subsidy over the whole line.
That is the sum and substance ol it. I do not
deny—because I have not the least feeling of
hostility to these people, but the contrary; lonly
speak from a sense of duty to my constituents
as a portion of the people who bear the bur-
dens of this country—1 do not deny that the
result of the act of 180-t which all parties
agreed to, and the location under it, has been
unfortunate to the Central Branch Company ;
because by force of this act of 1804 the East-
ern Division Company have located their road
on a line where by the act of 1862 they could
not have gone. But the answer to all that is,
as far as it applies to us, very plain, that by
force of this statute of 1801 we did not guar-
anty to the central branch people that the
eastern division should go to the northwest,
rather than to the southwest. We only guar-
antied to the central branch people that the
eastern division should exercise its own dis-
cretion as to where it would make its connec-
tions west, and therefore as to the route over
which it should make its own connection west.
That, is all we did. And then there is this
further answer—and I beg my friend from
Indiana to bear it in mind—the fact is, as I get
it from thesepeople, that at the time the Central
Branch Company weie parties to the passage
of this act they had invested no money, and
would have had no right to complain if we had
made any change that we pleased, and left
them out entirely by (lie act of 1SG4. Their
rights had not attached as they tell me.
Mr. HliNDKJCKS. When did they make
their investment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Some time in the year
1805, unless I am very much mistaken. If I
am informed afterward that 1 am mistaken I
will correct it at once; but I am sure I cannot
be, although it is some time ago since 1 was
told about it. These are facts that the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Uailroad ought to have
furnished us with. I will say, with ail respect
to my friend irom Michigan, that a matter of
tiiis importance ought not to be brought, for-
ward here and, when we are applying for
information, we be told by the chairman that
it is a subject on which they are not advised—
matters that arc material to us. 1 dare say it
is not the fault of the chairman, but it is a mere
oversight; but we ought to have known author-
itatively i'rom this committee, by a written
report, the history of this work, so that we
could judge whether there was any injustice
done by the act of 1804 ; the history of it, so
that we could judge what was done at the time
of the passage of the act of 18(10. I do not
know how much money was spent then ; we
shall come to that. Suifieient for (his present
purpose is the fact that 1 state on information
from the officers of this company, subject to
correction it* L turn out, to be wrong, that when
the act of 1804 was passed this company had
not invested a dollar; that it had not lifted a
spade; that it had not done anything which
could have given it any rights against us if we
had chosen to sweep away whatever of privi-
leges we had given it, before. Then we again
begin with the act of 1804.
Mr. HOWAfiD. Does it make any differ-
ence as to the rights of the central branch
whether it had commenced it-> work in 1864 or
not ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should think it would
make a great, deal of difference. I think when
an act of Congress provides, as all these acts
do. that it shall be the subject of modification
and repeal, having a just regard to the rights
and interests of the persons upon whom it is
t,o operate, it would make a great deal or uu-
ference with the propriety of our legislation
in changing those rights, whether any cu the
privileges we had granted had been acted upon
and money invested on the faith ol them or
not. 1 know it would in Vermont, and i tbiok
it would everywhere else; I think my men-
from Michigan will agree that it should every-
where. No principle of law is plainer than
that as it respects these corporation grants as
to repealing or changing them.   lie" a rigiu
has become vested and acted upon, an<l money
invested upon the faith of it, it is unjust to
make, any change. If you have granted a
mere naked right or license to go over the
public lands or to receive^ subsidies from you,
can you not revoke that right and revoke that
subsidy if the party has not acted upon it.
Most clearly you can, and nobody is injured
and nobody has a right to complain.
So it stood in 1804; and now I will return to
what I was saying when my friend from Iowa
undertook to shorten my lucubrations by refer-
ring to the act of 1802. This was the condition
of things when the act of 18(30 was passed.
Then the Eastern Division Company had jui-
thority already to make their connection at any
point, west of the one hundredth meridian. All
that they applied for, ancf all that the act of
1860 gave them, was an extension of time
within which they should file the designation
of the route and the map of their road, as the
law then required them to do. It says so in
terms: it "is hereby authorized to designate
the general route of their said road and to file
a map thereof, as now required by law;" and
in order to comply with the then requirements
of the law, that is, the act of lSGl, it gave
them until the 1st day of December, 1860,
putting on the careful proviso again that this
should not in any sense be construed as giving
them a right to claim any more bonds, but
limiting, as I have said, their unlimited right to
connect west of the one hundredth meridian,
to a point fifty miles west of Denver. That is
idl the act of 1866 did. It did not authorize
t.lie Eastern Division Company, unless they had
authority before, to swing their line anywhere.
A great deal of talk has been made about the
bad faith of the passage of the act of 1&50 ;
about its giving the right to the eastern divis-
ion to run away from this central branch when
they had no right to run away before, about
its authorizing them to violate the sixteenth
section of the act of 1804, so as to give the
central branch the right to a subsidy for the
whole three or four hundred miles.
When you turn to the act you find that, there
is nothing of the kind there, and that all the
act does is to grant a mere extension of time
for filing the designation of their route on the
i lap of it as the law of 1804 required them to
do iti express terms. Then, so lar as Congress
is concerned, inasmuch as tire act of 1804'ivas
one to which all the parties agieed. and one
which, at the time of its passage, did not act
injuriously to this company, because it had our,
done anything or got any rights. 1 say that
all the act of 1800 did was to leave the law of
1804 just, as it stood except in the single par-
ticular that it extended the time of the Union
Lacilic, pastern division, for a few months and
bruited what was bftoro au unlimited right to
connect west ihere is no Lax! faith in that.
It is an entire misconstruction to s.iy that by
the act of ISG'i we gave up any right or nbh^.i-
tiofi which we had as against the Union Pacific,
eastern division, or which the central branch
had. It is only, as I have Raid before, n mU-
Jortune ol events, and not of le^iMuiion, which
has injured this central branch company. H
is thejnet that the principal comp&nv that had
the discretion by the act of 1801 found it wise
to exercise that discretion in a way that was
injurious to the central branch ; but we cannot
make that good, and it is preposterous to a>k
us to do it,
1 here is a little more about the passage of
this act. oi' 1800, Mr. President. It wus stwrtiy
alter I had the honor to becorr.e a member of
