4310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ju ipm,
a half per cent.; and bonds falling due in forty years
shall bear interest at four por cent," and, in lieu
thereof insert "forty years, and bearing interest,
payable souii-annually in coin, at the rate ol three
and sixty-five hundredths per cent, per annum; so it
will read as follows.
Redeemable in coin at the plcasureof the United
States after forty years, and bearing interest, paya-
ble semi-annually in coin, at the rate of three and
sixty-five hundredths per eont. per annum.
Mr. BROOKS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in Jjhe affirmative—yeas 74, nays Gl, not vot-
ing 805 as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Delos R. Ashley,
Axtel), "Bailey, Baker, Beatty, Beck. Bingham, Boy-
den. Boyer, Buckland, Buckley,Benjamin F. Butler,
Caliis.Cary, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb.Coburn,
Cook, Deweese, Dockery, Eggleston, EJa, Eldridgo,
Getz, Glossbrenner, Gravely, Grovcr, Hamilton,
Hinds, Ilolman, Hooper, liotchkiss, Hunter, J enckes,
Johnson,AlexanderII. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Kel-
loy, Kelsey. Kerr, Knott, Loan, Loughridge, Mal-
loryt Marshall, Maynard, MeClarg, McCullough,
Moore, Morrell, Mullins, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson,
O'Neill, Polsley, Pomeroy, Randall, Ross, Sehenek,
. Scoiietd, Smith, Stokes, Sypher, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, Van Acrnam, Henry D, Washburn,
Welker. William Williams, andJohn T. Wilson—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Archer. James
M. Ashley, Benton, Blair. Boutwcll, Bromwell.,
Brooks, Broomall, Header W.Clarke,Culiom, Dawes,
Delano, Dixon, Donnelly, Eliot, Ecmss, Feiry,
Fields, Gaiiiold, Golladay, Griswold, Haight, Higby,
Hill, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Judd, Ketehani,
Koonta, Lallin, William Lawrence, McKee, Miller,
Nome, Orth, Perham, Pike, Vile, Plants. Poland.
Robertson, Sawyer, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stewart,
Taber,Talfc, Taylor, Thomas, Twichell. Up^on, Van
Aukcn, Van Trump, V:m Wyek, Ward, Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washbuin, Stephen E. Wil-
son, and Woodward—01.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Baldwin, Banks,
Barries, Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin, Blackburn,
Blaine, Boies, Bowen, Burr, Roderick 11. Butler,
Cake, (Jhanlor, Cornell, Covode. Dodge,Diigg.s,Eek-
ley, Earnsworth, Finney, Fox, French, Goss, Halsey,
Harding, Ilaughcy, Hawkins, lleaton, Hopkins,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Ingersoll, Julian, Kitchen, Lash, George V.
Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Lynch, Mann, Marvin,
McCarthy, McCormick, Mercur, Moorhead, Morris-
sey, Mungen, Newcomb, Newsham, Nunn, Paine,
Peters, Phelps, Pierce. Price, Pruyn, Raum, Rob-
inson, Roots, Selyo, Shanks, Shellabarger, Stark-
weather, Aaron E. Stevens, Thaddcus Stevens,
Stono, John Trimble, Burt Van Horn, Robert T, Van
Horn, Vidal, CadwaladcrC. Washburn, Whittomore,
Thomas Williams, JamesF. Wilson, Windom, Wood,
and Woodbridge—80.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Strike out the words " shall be exempt from taxa-
tion in any iorm by or under State, municipal, or
local authority, and the same and the interest there-
on, and the iucome theieirom, shall be exempt, from
tho payment oi all taxes or duties to the United States,
other than such income tax as may be assessed upon
other incomes;" aud in lieu thereof ^insert as fol-
lows: "And the interest thereon, and income there-
from, shall be exempt from the payment of all taxes
ordutios to tho United States, as well as from taxation
itt any form by or under State, municipal, or local
authority."
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hooper,
of Massachusetts, and Holm ax were appointed.
Mr. WARD. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 02, not voting
G75 as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, James M. Ashley,
Bailey, Banks, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blair. Bout-
wcll, Bowen, Broomall, Buckland, Buckley, Benja-
min E. Butler, Callis,Churchill, Sidney Clarke,Cobb,
Coburn,Cook,Covode,Cullom, Dawes, Delano, Dixon,
Dnggs, Eckley, Eliot, Earnsworth, Eerriss, Ferry,
Fields,Goss,Griswold, Ilnushey, Higby, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, liotchkiss, Hulbuid, Huiitei, Jencke*,
Judd, Kolloy, Kolcham, Koontz, Lallin, William
Lawrence, Malloiy, Maynard, McKee, Mercur, Mil-
ler, Moore, Morreil, Mullms. Myers, O'Neill, Pierce,
Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Hob-
eri.von. Sawyer, Sehenek, Scoiield, Smith, Spalding,
Thaddcus Stevens, Stokes, Taylor, Twichell, Upson,
Van Acrnam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Elihu B.
Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William B.Wash-
burn, Welker, and William Williams—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Arnell,
Delos It. Ashley, Axtell, Baker, Beck, Boyd en, Boy or,
Bromwell, Brooks,Cary, Pleader W.Clarke, Deweese,
Dockery, Donnelly, Eggleston, Ela, Garfield, Getz,
Glo.^biennei, Golladay, Grovcr, Haight, Hamilton,
Hawking Hitifls, Ilolman,Chester D. Hubbard, Inger-
soll, .1 oiin'-on, AlexanderH. Jones,'IhomasL.Jones,
Kelsey, Kerr, Knott, Loan, Louvchiidge,Mann, Mar-
shall, MfCulluu^h, Xibhu-k, Nicholson, Norris. Orth,
Perham, Randall, Ross Sitgreavcs, Stewart, Taber,
Tafie, Tlioma>, LuwrciK* S. Trimble. Tiowbridgc,
Van Aukcn. Van Ti mnp,Ward, John T.Wilson, Ste-
phen E. and Woodward—02.
NOT voting—Messrs.Baldwin,Barnes, Barnum,
Beaman, Benjamin, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles, Burr,
Roderick R. Butler, Cake. Chanter, Cornell* Dodge,
Eldridgo, Finney, Eox, French, Gravoly, Halscg,
Harding, Heaton, Asahel W, Hubbard. Richard D.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Julian, Kitehon,Lash,George
V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Lynch, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, MeClurg, McCormick, Moorhead, Morrissey,
Mungen, Newcomb, Newsham, Nunn, Paine, Peters,
Phelps, Price, Pruyn, Raum, Robinson, Roots, Sclye,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Starkweather, Aaron E. Sto-
vens, Stone, Sypher, John Trimble, Robert T. Vau
Horn, Vidal, Cadwalader C.Washburn,Whitteinore,
Thomas Williams, James F.Wilson, Windom, Wood,
and Woodbridge—(37.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
Strike out tho words "and the proceeds thereof;"
also tho words"or payment, at the option of the
holder or purchaser of," and insert tho words "of or
in:'' so as to read:
And tho said bonds shall be exclusively used for
theredomption of or in exchange for an equal amount
of any of the present interost-bearing debt of tho
United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifth amendraeut:
Striko out the words "tho existing livo per cent,
bonds," and so as to road, "other than tho throe per
cent, certificates."
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
Insert tho words " and debts past duo or maturing
beloto tho end of tho piescntfiscal year;" so as to
road:
Other than the three per cent, certificates, and debts
past duo or maturing before tho end of tho present
fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventh amendment:
Strike out the words "butnottoexcoed $700,000,000
shall bo of the issuo redeemable in twenty years."
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighth amendment:
Strike out the words "in such a manner a? may bo
determined by the Secretary of tho Treasury, or as
Congress may hereafter direct."
The amendment was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
Striko out the word "contemplated," and insert in
lieu thereof tho word "provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
Tenth amendment:
Stiikc out the following section;
Si;o. A ad, be it fnrtlu /• eum-ti'd, That any contract
hereafter mado specifically payable in coin shall bo
legal and valid, and may be onlorced according to its
tonus, anything in tho several acts relating to United
Stales notes to tho contrary notwithstanding: Pro-
vided, That this section shall not apply to contracts
for tho burrowing of currency or the removal or ex-
tension of an indebtedness under a contract already
entered into, unless such contract originally required
payment in coin.
Mr. PIKE. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was dccided
in the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 49, not voting
80 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Bailey, Baker, Beatty,
Benton, Bingham, Boles, Boutwcll, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buckland, Buckley, Benjamin F.Butler,
Callis, Cary, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Co-
burn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dawes. Donnelly, Eek-
Icy, Eggleston, Ela, Eldridgo, Eliot, Earnsworth,
Ferry, French, Gelz, (toss, Ilaight, Hamilton, Hinds,
Ilolman, Hopkins, liotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard,
Huuter, Ingcrsoll, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kcllcy,
lvelsey, Koonta, William Lawrcnce, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Marshall, Maynard, McClurg, Mercur,
M lfer, Moore, Morrell, MuHms, Myers, Niblack,
O'Neill, Orth, Peters, Pierce, Pohiey, Randall, Ross,
Sawyer, Sehenek, Seofield, Smith, Spalding, Aaron
E. Stevens, Thaddcus Stevens, Stokes, Tafie, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Van
Wyek, Henry I). Washburn, Welker, William Wil-
liams and John T. Wilson—8(5.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Dclos R.Ashley, Axtell,
Banks, Blair, Boyden, Bo.ver, Brooks, Churchill,
Driggs, Eerriss, Fields, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Gol-
laday, Grover, ilaughcy, Hawkins, Iligby, Hill,
Huiburd, Jenckes, Johnson, Kerr, Kotcbam, Knott,
Lallin, Mallory, Mann, Nicholson, Perham, Pike,
Pile, Poland, Pomeroy, Robertson, Sitgieaves, Stew-
art, Taber, Taylor, Lawrence S. Trimble, Twichell,
Van Acrnam, Van Auken, Ward, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Stephen E, Wilson,
and Woodward—49.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum,
Beaman, Bock, Benjamin. Blackburn, Blaine,
Bowen, Burr, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Chanler,
Cnbb, Cornell, Delano, Deweese, Dixon, Dockery,
Dodge, Finney, Fox, Gravely, Griswold, Halsey,
!| lluiding, lleaton. Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard.
;s Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Alexander 11.
|! Jones Julian, Kitchen, Lash, George V. Lawrence,
J Lincoln, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy. McCormick,
11 McUuilough, McKee, Mooihead, Morribbey, Mungen,
Newcomb, Newsham, Norris. Nunn, Paine, Bhelps,
Plants, Price. Pruyn, Raum. Robinson. Roots, Selye,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Starkweather, Stone, Sypher,
Thomas, John Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, vidal,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Whittcmoro, Thomas Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Wood-
bridge—80.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Eleventh amendment:
In section four, strike out the words "or negotia-
tion," where they first occur, andmsert m lieu thereof
the words "negotiation or exchange;" so that it will
1 that from and after the passagcof this act no per-
centage, deduction, commission, or compensation of
any amount or kind shall be allowed to any person
for the sale, negotiation, or exchange of any bonds
or securities of the United States, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Twelfth amendment:
In the same section, after the words "United
States," where they first occur, insert the words, "or
of any coin or bullionso that will read:
That from and after tho passage of this act no per-
centage, deduction, commission, or compensatson of
any amount or kind shall be allowed to any person
for tho sale, negotiation, or exchange of any bonds
or securities of the United States, or of any coin or
bullion disposed of at the Treasury Department or
elsewhere on account of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirteenth amendment:
Insert the following as an additional section:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That alter tho
passage of this act, all exchange, purchases, or sales
of the bonds of the United States shall be made by
inviting the competition of the public by adver-
tising lor proposals for any such exchange, pur-
chases, or salos, which shall be awarded to the best
bidder or bidders, the Secretary of the Treasury re-
serving the right to reject any such bids should he
deem it to tho public interest to do so.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourteenth amendment:
Insert the following as an additional section:
Si'.U. —. And be it farther enacted. That hereafter
the tax on any income arising from the bonds and
other interest-bearing securities of tho United States,
othor than those authorized by the first section of
this act, payable to any person, State, municipality,
body-politic, or corporate company or society,
whether corporate or not corporate, out of the Treas-
uiy of the United States, shall be assessed aud col-
lected by tho Treasurer or other disbursing officers
ol the United States, charged with paying any inter-
est upon the debt ot tho United States, m tho same
currency in which said interest is paid; and such
collection shall be made by deduction of the amount
of tho tax from the coupons or interest, due at the
time of payment of such interest. Aud the Secretary
of the Treasury shall prescribe regulations for the
purpose of determining in each case who is the actual
owner of the coupon presented for payment of the
interest demanded, and whether any exemption to
which such owner may be entitled has been already
allowed, or is to be deducted.
The question was put on agreeing to the
amendment; and there were—ayes 63, noes 21;
no quorum voting.
Mr. KELSEY called for tellers. *
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Kelsey
and 1jO(jak were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 90, noes 20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled an act
(II. R. No; 551) making a grant of land to the
State of Minnesota, to aid in the improvement
of the navigation of the Mississippi river ; when
the Speaker signed the same.
FUNDING THE NATIONAL DEBT.
Fifteenth and last amendment reported from
the^Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union:
Insert the following as an additional section :
Sko.—. And beit further enactcd, That on and after
the passage ot this act all authority under any exist-
ing law to issue bonds or interest-bearing Treasury
notes or obligations of the United States shall cease
and determine: Provided, That nothing herein shall
prevent the conversion of Treasury notes known as
soven-tlurties into five-twenties bonds, nor the issue
ot the tnree percent, certificates of temporary loan,
nor the exchange of registered bonds for coupon
! bonds, nor the issue as subsidy to railroad companies
| as provided by law,
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The amendments reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union having aH beea disposed of, the
