204
SUPPLEMENT TO
nieation was; I only ask the fact whether you
had any communication?
Answer. None in person.
Question. Had you any in writing?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Then you had none in any way,
ifyou had none either in person or in writing?
Answer. Yes, sir; through Mr. Merrick, to
wliom it was more convenient to see him than
it was to me.
Question. So you can o'nly know by what
Mr. Merrick said ?
Answer. That is all.
Question. Of that I will not ask you; you
say the papers were returned to you. Where
are they now?
Answer. I have them in my pocket.
Question. Were they not returned to you for
the purpose of your having them when you
should be called as a witness ? Do you not so
understand it?
Answer. No, sir; they came with a message?
Question. How soon before you were sum-
moned?
Answer. Not more than a day or two, I think.
Question. On the same day?
Answer. I think a day or two before ; I am
not very sure.
Question. To your knowledge have those
papers, up to the hour in which we are speak-
ing, been presented to any judge of any court?
Answer, They have not.
Question. Up to the hour that we are speak-
ing have you been directed either by the Attor-
ney General or the President to present that
application to any judge of any court?
Answer. The papers came to me with a direc-
tion that Mr. Mcrrick and myself should use
our discretion.
Question. They came with a written message?
Answer. No; a verbal one, through Air.
Mcrrick to me, or rather it was communicated
to him, and by him to me.
Question. But Mr. Merrick, if I understand
you, was not associated with you in this pro-
ceeding as counsel for the President, because
1 asked you if the President had any other
counsel ?
Answer, lie was not, as I understood it; he
was counsel for General Thomas.
Question. Was this a movement on the part
of General Thomas?
The Wjtxkk.s. Which movement?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. This movement
for an information in the nature of a quo
warranto ?
Answer. It was not. It would be on the
part of the United Slates oil his relation.
Question. On the relation of General
Thomas?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Now, sir, have you received in
writing, or verbally to yourself, any directions,
either from the President or the Attorney Gen-
eral, to (ile those papers?
Answer. No positive directions.
Question. Any positive or unpositive from
him to you ?
Answer. Not immediately.
Question. I do not mean through Mr. Mer-
rick ?
Answer. The only communication I received
was through him.
Question. No w, sir, ifyou please, state from
whom did Mr. Merrick bring jou a direction
or communication ?
Answer. From the Attorney General.
Question. Who? Use names, if you please.
Anmer. The Attorney General, Mr. Stan-
bery.
Question. Five clays ago! Mr. Stanbery
resigned as Attorney General, we have heard,
some fortnight ago or more. How could it
come to you from the Attorney General five
days ago?
Answer. I mean Mr. Stanbery.
Question, louhaveneverreceivedanydirec-
tion, even through Mr. Merrick, from the Attor-
ney General, but some sort of direction from
the President's counsel, through Mr. Merrick? i!
Answer. All 1 received was  ll
Question. Excuse me; just hear my question ?
The Witness. Repeat it, ifyou please.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Have you received
any communication, through Mr. Merrick or
anybody else, from the Attorney General of the
United States—not the resigned Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States?
Answer. I have not from any other person
than Mr. Stanbery.
Question. And you have not received any
from him, either verbally or otherwise, while
he was Attorney General ?
Answer. I have not.
Question. When you sent in the papers was
he then Attorney General?
Answer. I believe so.
Question. Will you not think, and make
yourself certain on that point?
Answer. I do not know when he resigned.
If you can inform me when that was 1 can
answer.
Question. And the resignation made no
difference in your action, so that you do not
remember it?
_ Answer. I do not think he could have re-
signed at. that time. I am very sure that the
papers were sent to him within two or three
days after the discharge of General Thomas.
Question. And were returned by him to you
four or five days ago ?
Answer. I cannot be precise as to that—five
or six days, or four or five days.
Question. Long after he resigned, at any
rate ?
Answer. I believe it was.
Question. So that when you told us that Mr.
Merrick had brought a communication from
the Attorney General you meant from Mr.
Stanbery ?
Answer. 1 did.
Question. And you have received no com-
munication from the President or from the
Attorney General as to what should be done
with those proceedings?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Then, so far as you know, since
you have prepared those papers, there has not
been any direction or any effort from the Pres-
ident or the Attorney General—leaving out Mr.
Stanbery, for he is not Attorney General now—
from the President or the Attorney General to
    ;?
have anything done with those papers!
Answer. There has been no direction, and
there has been no 
Question. Communication ?
Answer. Communication to me since the
papers were forwarded to the office of the
Attorney General.
Question. Now, sir, we will go to the court
for a moment. Did not Mr. Merrick or your-
self make the motion to have Mr. Thomas dis-
charged ?
Answer. We did.
_ Question. Had he not been in custody under
his recognizance up to the time of that motion ?
Answer. We claimed that he was, but the
other side denied it.
Question. And to settle that question you
moved his discharge?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And that was granted?
Answer. It was.
Question. Did you make that motion?
Answer. I did.
Question. So that, in fact, General Thomas
I was discharged by the court from custody on
| the motion of the President's counsel?
Mr. CUltTIS. He has not said "from
| custody.''
The Witness. Discharged from further
attendance.
By Mr. Manager Butljbr:
Question. Excuse me. If he was not dis-
charged from custody, what was he discharged
from?
Answer. He was discharged from the com-
plaint or from any further detention or exam-
elation, I suppose.
Question. From "further detention!" He
could not be detained without being in custody ?
Answer. Not very well.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I thought not,
when I was interrupted by the learned counsel
on that point.
The Witness. He was discharged from the
complaint, I presume.
Question. Then I will repeat the question at
the point at which I was interrupted: whether,
in fact, Mr. Thomas was not discharged from
custody, from detention, from further being
held to answer upon that complaint, by the
motion of the President's counsel?
Answer. He was.
_ Question. Now, then, was that information
signed by any Attorney General, past, current,
or to come, so far as you know?
Answer. It was not.
Richard T. Merrick sworn and examined.
By Mr. Curtis :
Question. Where do you reside?
Answer. In Washington city.
Question. And what is your profession?
Answer. I am a lawyer by profession.
Question. How long have you been in that
profession ?
Answer. Nineteen or twenty years, or over.
In 1847 I was admitted.
Question. Were you employed professionally
in any way in connection with the matter of
General Thomas before Chief Justice Cartter?
Answer. I was employed by General Thomas
on the morning of the 22d of February, to con-
duct the proceeding instituted against him,
and which brought him before Chief Justice
Cartter.
Question. In the course of that day, the 22d
of February, did you have an interview, in
company with General Thomas or otherwise,
with the President of the United States?
Answer. After the action taken by the Chief
Justice on the case sitting at chambers on the
morning of the 22d, at the instance of General
Thomas, I went to the President's House for
the purpose of taking to the President the affi-
davit and the bond filed by General Thomas,
and communicating to the President what had
transpired in regard to the case.
Question. Did you communicate to him what
had transpired?
Answer. I did.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I did not under-
stand what the question was.
Mr. CURTIS. The question is, did he com-
municate to the President what had transpired
in regard to the case ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I submit, Mr.
President, that that is wholly immaterial.
The Senate ruled in the President's acts in
employing Mr. Cox as his counsel. Those
were his acts. But what communication took
place between him and Mr. Mcrrick, who very
frankly tells us here he was employed by Gen-
eral Thomas as liis counsel, 1 think cannot be
evidence.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks the evidence is cumulative only, and is
admissible. He will put the question to the
Senate if any Senator desires it. The counsel
will reduce their question to writing.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Upon the whole I
will not press the objection.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The objection is
withdrawn.
Mr. CURTIS, (to the witness.) State
whether you communicated to the President,
in the presence of General Thomas, what had
transpired in reference to the case?
Answer. My recollection is that I communi-
cated what had transpired to the President in
the absence of General Thomas in the first in-
stance, for he was not at the Executive Man-
sion when I called; but during the interview
General Thomas arrived, and the same com-
munication was again made in a general con-
versation, iu which the Attorney General, Mr.
Stanbery, the President, Geneial Thomas, and
myself participated.
Question. I wish now you would state whether,
either from the President himself, or from the
Attorney General in his presence, you received
any instructions or suggestions as to the course
