3286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
voted for that act of 1806, or acted upon it at all,
(and I do not remember which way I voted,)
when this question was raised would have beeu
very slow, as the chairman of the committee
said, and as the Senator from California said,
to report or recommend any bill which would
have given any company a pretense of claim-
ing any further subsidy in bonds, That was
what appeared in the debate.
My friend says that he withdrew this amend-
ment, acting in the interest of his State, in
order to let the bill pass which could not have
passed with it, because the committee were
going to report upon it separately. Let me
read what was said on that subject.
"Mr. Pomeroy. For that reason, if that meets
the concurrenco an<l views of the friends of this
measure and of the Pacific Railroad Committee, as I
understand it does. I withdraw the amendment,
"The President pro tempore. The amendment
before the Senate is withdrawn.
" Mr. Grimks. Am I correct in understanding the
Senator troiu Kansas to say that the meinbeis of the
Pacific Railroad Committee have informed him they
will report baok his proposition in an independent
bill?
"Mr. Pomeroy. No, j-ir. I paid they preferred to
consider it as an independent measure. I did not
bay what they would icport, lor 1 do not know; they
have not made theii rcpoityet. They may make it,
and when they make it we shall be able to tell what
it is."
Mr. POMEROY. They have made it now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes. Now, what I am
complaining of', as I said before, and J trust
gentlemen will not lee! uneasy about it., is this
extraordinary slate ot things: we had the other
day, if I remember correctly, when the chair-
man of the committee got lip this bill,aspeech
in its support from him, in which he charac-
terized the legislation of 1806 as a gross out-
rage and injustice upon the rights of the com-
pany of which my friend from Kansas was the
president, and it was to repair that injustice,
to make amends for that outrage and wrong
upon their rights that this legislation of 1868
was asked for ; not that the general good of
the country required that we should subsidize
this local road, but that, through the almost
criminal misconduct of Congress in impairing
the vested rights of the company of my friend
from Kansas, n e were bound lo make ii good as
damages, compensation, restoring to tln-in the
rights that we had unjustly deprived them of;
and then when 1 asked my friend from .Mich-
igan if he did not report this very bill of 1806,
and if it did not go through under a debate
managed by him, he coolly replied to me that
he did not see what that had to do with the
question!
1 say we have a right to complain. I do not
complain that a report of this kind was made
in 1866 by my honorable friend liom Michigan,
because, as far as i can see. it was a report
that did not alter the state of things, and was a
proper and correct report. All that I com-
plain of, in the proper and parliamentary way,
is the fact that my friend is urging this bill
with so much zeal to atone for the "outrage"'
of 18661 In that lie is mistaken. There is
the trouble about it. I say that when my
friend from Michigan reported a bill from this
same committee in 1806, which passed into a
law, and the president of the company that is
now supposed to have been affected by that,
proposed an amendment which would have
remedied that entirely, but which would have
cost the Government §2.500,000 to do it, and
voluntarily withdrew that amendment and suf-
fered the bill to pass, it is with bad grace that
that company come forward to demand com-
pensation for an injusticedone to them, because
we cannot come to any other conclusion than
that that injustice, if it was one, was done by
their voluntary consent. It is true my friend
from Kansas is a Senator and represents his
State. It is also true that as the president of
the company he must have had knowledge that
that bill was under consideration. Of course
he had, and as such his company was charged
with knowledge of it; as such he rightfully and
properly brought forward an amendment which
would do all that lie now claims the company
have a right to ask. That is all perfectly right;
but what I say is that it, is unjust now to insist
upon onr passing this bill and giving this com-
pany $2,500,000, when the other bill which
they complain of as ail outrage was suffered to
go through this body by the voluntary assent
of the responsible organs and officers of the
company. That is the proposition, and I think
it will be difficult for Senators to answer it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator may not
have understood me. I said that after con-
sulting with the committee and the Secretary
of the Interior, being informed first that the
committee desired, as I said, to report the
measure in a separate bill, and being informed
by the Secretary of the Interior that that bill
did not deprive this company of their rights, I
withdrew the amendment. That is the point,.
The committee have now reported a separate
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That, does not alter the
question at all, so far as this bill is concerned.
We find that the Kansas company, the local
road of which my friend is the president and
responsible organ, for reasons that are satis-
factory to itself, induces its Senator, the Sena-
tor of its State, who properly represents its
interests as one of his constituents, to with-
draw any objection to the passage of the bill
of 1866 that is now characterized as an out-
rage. I say if it is an outrage now it was an
outrage then. That is my proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator is not
intending to make any mistake or to say that
I in any measure represent this company.
Thirty or thirty-live days after that another
president was elected, and 1 have no connec-
tion with it; that is, I have no material inter-
est in it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yon mean you are now
only a director, and not, the president.
Mr. POMKROY. Yes ; I own one share I
believe ; but I mean that I have no personal
interest in the matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That perhaps is quite
immaterial, except of course on the mere
voting question, though my friend will judge
for himself about that. Butsofaras the inter-
ests of the company are concerned, I am sure
they have a sufficient number of friends who
will protect them. The Pacific Railroad Com-
pany lias become the friend of this company,
although it was notin the year 1866.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one matter which
I suppose the Senate would like to understand ;
and that is, when this act of 1866 was passed,
how many miles of this railroad had actually
been built, and how much money had actually
bc,cn expended on this road.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I tried to ascertain that
from the chairman of the committee when the
bill was up before, but without success.
Mr. POMEROY. I can tell you.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear it.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Ohio
will allow me——
Mr. SHERMAN. I mean at the time when
the "outrage" commenced.
Mr. HOWARD. At the time of the passage
of the law of 1866, I understand the Senator
from Ohio to say 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Vermont
yield the floor ; and if so, to whom?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not yield. I will
hear an explanation from the chairman of the
committee. Such as my friend from Ohio
wants.
Mr. HOWARD. I am not able to give any
precise information as to the amount expended
at that time; but I am credibly informed about
a million dollars; I think between one and two
million dollars at the time of the passage of the
act of 1866—not at the time of the passage of j
the act of 1864, which was the question the !
Senator from Vermont put. They had been at j
work for two years.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How many miles had
been built in 1866, when this act passed?
Mr. HOWARD. I am not able to say.
Mr. POMEROY'. Forty had been accepted
by the Government at that time, I understand,
and about sixty built, I think that, was about it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that point I should
like to inquire of the Senator from Michigan,
if the Senator of Vermont will allow me,
whether tilts. SI,000,000 of which he speaks
was $1,000,000 expended by the company ot
their own money or $1,000,000 which they
realized from the Government bonds and sub-
sidies ? , , 1 T
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly they could not
have realized it from the subsidy, because the
subsidy papers had not yet been issued to them.
They probably raised it by first mortgage bonds
in part. I do not know how much stock they •
had actually paid in. .
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask of my friend
from Michigan how much stock money has
actually been paid now into this company?
Mr. HOWARD. As I am not a member of
the company, and have nothing to do with it at
nil in its private matters, 1 do not see that that
is a very reasonable question to put to me. I
am not presumed to know how much stock has
been paid in by each individual stockholder.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you know, whether
you presume to know or not?
Mr. HOWARD. I will not answer the ques-
tion, because I think it is one 1 cannot be
expected to answer.
Mr. POMEROY. I will answer it. I can
tell.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I decline to yield to my
friend from Kansas, as I have not finished with
the Senator from Michigan. This is a singular
state of things. Here is a committee, one of
the most influential and respectable and re-
sponsible of this body, that report a bill here
based upon an equity, as they say, in favor of
this company, on account of its having been
led into an expenditure which now will go for
nothing unless we can relieve them, on account
of our legislation in 1866. In the course of
the debate it becomes material to inquire how
much this company have been led in ; how
much thoy have expended really of money
that the United States have not furnished them
with, or they have not got on the strength of
property the United States granted to them in
land ; and we ask my honorable friend, the
chairman of the committee, and he says that
is a matter foreign to him, and he declines to
answer the question. There is no power, cer-
tainly, in any individual member to compel my
friend to answer the question; and I should
be the last man to try to exercise it if there
were.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator desires to
know, I can tell him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not just yet. I want to
ask a question which 1 think the chairman of
the committee will answer. May I inquire of
him, if he is willing to answer, how much
money has been raised upon the bonds of this
company, upon the road?
Mr. HOWARD. I am not able to say how
much has been raised upon the bonds of the
road.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much has the road
cost altogether?
Mr. HOWARD. I will answer in part these
specific interrogatories which the Senator from
Vermont puts to me. He seems to act as if
he was interrogating the committee on a bill
of discovery in which there was some fraud
hidden or some concealment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; I merely want
to know the facts.
Mr. HOWARD. I refer to the general air
and manner of the Senator. Now, sir, the
amount of Government bonds issued to this
company, as certified by the Secretary of the
Treasury on the 15th of June instant, is
$640,000. They had the right under their
charter to issue precisely the same amount of
first mortgage bonds. Whether they have
actually done that, I do not know; but the
presumption would naturally be that they had
done so. That is all 1 can say in answer to
the question.
Mr, EDMUNDS. We are not likely to
g*et much information, evidently, from the
committee as-to the condition of thi«> company.
