%3m
TBE: O0FGRlESSIO^AL' GLOBEk
February 18*
rSSS?H, ?rie Is? in my m™d> satisfactorily
«Bra™ Sned by his willingness to take the oath.
Inderal, Mr. President, art "illegal and Criminal
futpo&e is alleged against 'him upon technical
wounds alone; and these are, that as the acts
charged were of themselves evidence of such
a purpose he is not at liberty to show that they
were not done with- that purpose; that they
constitute a case of law and of tact presumptio
jfaHg et de-jure, which cannot be rebutted.
Ihe proposition, to the extent to which-it is
here earned, is wholly unfounded. Killing a
human; creature unexplained is evidence of
Malice, arid therefore murder; but the party
is at liberty to show that it was done in self-
defense or under circumstances which make
it justifiable or excusable, and thereby disprove
the presumption of malicc. Why is it, then,
that the presumption of'guilt, or of disloyalty
in any sense of that term, which gentlemen
suppose the law infers from the acts done by
illy colleague, m'ay not be also rebutted? Is
thejfe anything in the nature of those acts
which makes the presumption of guilt more
Conclusive than in the case of killing? In
truth, the theory is altogether unwarranted,
either by reason or authority.
Grime, necessarily, involves intent. Con-
gress may/but it would bo harsh and merciless
legislation, make the doing of an act, indepen-
dent' of intent, a crime; but they have not
done this by the statute in question. Indeed,
as far as that statute is concerned, the acts
embraced by it are not made crimes at all.
It only provides that a Senator shall swear,
before being admitted, that they were not done
by him. And this requires two things: first,
that they were not done voluntarily; second,
that they were not done to aid, encourage, or
countenance the rebellion. The one is a pur*
pose of the will, the other of intent. The
statute, then, itself assumes that the rebellion
may be aided, &c., by acts innocent in them'
selves, because not voluntarily done; and sec-
ondly, that acts may be-voluntarily done which
are innocent, although in fact aiding, &c., the
rebellion, because not done with that view.
The statute, then, does not admit of the con-
clusive presumption contended for, but, on the
contrary, repels it. To bring a party within
its operation it requires both; will and intent.
Mr. President, I have now said all that I
design to say upon the law applicable to the
case before us, and I proceed to inquire what
are the facts relied upon by Senators who dis-
pute the right of my colleague to admission
into this body." ,
The honorable member from Massachusetts
[Mr.' Sumner] places his objection upon the
ground that my colleague was guilty of mis-
prision of treason in the giving of $100 to his
son on the evening preceding his departure
from the house and in concealing the lacl that
the son had departed lor the purpose ol'joining
the confederates. The honorable member, be-
fore he stated either in his speech or in his
amendment that proposition, no doubt read
the statute of the 30th of April, 1790, and con-
sidered it with all the care which is his habit;
but I am greatly mistaken if he has not wholly
misapprehended it. The Constitution ot the
United States defines in what treason shall con-
sist; and it is suiHcienl'y cautious and guarded
in saying that it shall never at any time be
held to consist in any other acts. Those are
levying war upon the United States or adher-
ing to their enemies, giving aid and comfort. I he
Constitution, of course, did not impose the
penalty for such a cmno, .and it was for Con-
gress to providethat, penalty. Ihat was done
by the aet to which I have referred. 1 he first
section of that act defines, as Congress was
obliged to do, treason in the words ot the Con-
stitution, and provides that it shall be punished
with death. The offense provided against in
the first sectidn. thereioie, consists m levying
war- upon the Unhed States or in adhering
to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort.
The second section intended to make the pro-
tection of the United States still more secure
than it would have been' by tba firstseetion, and
provided that whoever shall know of the crimes
stated in the first section and shall fail to dis-
close them shall be guilty of misprision of
treason. The words of the second section,'
therefore, refer to the offense described by
the first, and to no other. Whatever crime a
party may commit against morality or against
any statutory law, as far as the act of 1790 is
concerned, any one may coticeal without be-
ing subject to the penalties of that statute.
To faring Mr. Thomas within the meaning of
that statute it is necessary to prove that the
son, when he proposed to leave his father's
house and when he left his father's house
intending to join the armies of the rebellion,
committed the offense of treason. I think the
honorable member from Massachusetts, if he
had remained at the bar, to which at one time
he practically belonged, and had been called
upon to frame an indictment against MP.
Thomas under the provisions of the second
section of the act of 1790, would have given
up the task, for he must have averred that his
son, on the evening before he left his father's
house, levied war upon the United States or
adhered to their enemies, giving them aid and
comfort. Can it be contended that, if he did
not so offend on the evening of the day when
the $100 were given to him or on the morning
when he left his father's house, he was guilty
of the offense by what occurred thereafter
within the knowledge of tho father? What did
occur then is tho question. He loft, intend-
ing to join the enemy, intending, therefore, to
be one of those who were levying war against
the United States; but that is not treason.
War must be levied in fact, and not merely
intended to be levied, to constitute treason.
And when he left his father's house, if he did
not, in point of law, fall within the provision
which defines treason as an act of levying war
iipjn the United States, he did not at that
time, upon that occasion, give to the enemies
of the United States any aid, encouragement,
or countenance. He attempted to cross the
lines. That was not levying war or giving
encouragement to the enemy, lie failed in
the attempt; he came to Washington; he was
here for some three or four weeks doing
nothing, but, I suppose, watching an oppor-
tunity to get beyond the lines of the. loyal
States. Was that levying war? Docs any
man in his senses—the honorable member
from Massachusetts will pardon me for using
so strong a term in reference to any opinion
of his own—maintain that he had, up to that
period, levied war or aided and encouraged
the enemies of the United States? If he bad
not levied war, although what he intended to
do was known to (he father, the father was
guilty of no violation of tho provisions of the
second section of the act of 1790, for that only
made a party criminal who concealed from the
proper authorities the fact that some person
was levying war or giving aid and encourage-
ment to the enemies of the United States.
I am not standing here for the purpose of
vindicating the conduct of the son ; he did
what I am sure I never could have been in-
duced to do ; nor is it necessary that I should
vindicate the conduct of the father. It is pos-
sible—but I doubt very much whether I should
have had the iloman fortitude to go to that
extent—it is perhaps doubtful whether I would
not by some means or other have prevented a
son from going upon his intended enterprise.
It is possioto that I never would have given
him S100 under the circumstances which in-
duced my colleague to give that amount to his
son. But, 1 am perfectly certain that my col-
league never for a moment imagined that he
was offending against tho laws of his country
by advancing to his son that amount. All the
circumstances attending the conduct of the
son and the conduct of the father repudiate
anv such presumption.
Prom the period whan the war commenced
to 1863, when the advance was made, this
youth, with hundreds of others in my State,
was anxious to unite himself with the cause
of the South; and from day to day, from week
to week, from month to month, and up to- the
very moment tha.t he left his father's household
in the pursuit of his intent, the father used
every means which affection could suggest to
frustrate "his purpose except that of positive
force. He os^' every term of entreaty which
a father under such circumstances could use.
He implored him by the duty -which he owed
to him, by the love which he should bear to
his mother,-by the duty which he owed to his
State, by the duty which he owed to the Gov-
ernment, to forbear; and these appeals were
sufficiently persuasive to detain the young man
within the father's house from the commence-
ment of the war in April, 1861, to Novem-
ber, 1863, when the father is supposed to have
given him this $100 for the purpose of enabling
him to engage in an enterprise which he, the
father, had done everything to prevent.
Mr. President, it has been stated by several
of the members who have engaged in the de-
bate that the only ground upon which the father
informed the son that he could not legally
engage in the enterprise was, that Maryland was
still in the Union. The honorable member
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] and one or two
of the honorable members who have spoken
against his admission have told us that that
demonstrates that the father himself was a
secessionist, and that if the State had been
carried out of the Union he would have shared
his fate with her. I know not upon what evi-
dence these honorable gentlemen state that
my colleague was ever, or is, a secessionist.
If he was or is it has never been known tome.
I have no doubt—but of that there is no evi-
dence, as I think, sufficient to satisfy the mind
of any Senator—that he believed the southern
States, excluding his own State of Maryland,
had rights which were being violated in point
of fact, or which were threatened with viola-
tion by a party in the northern States, and
that he deeply regretted it; but that he enter-
tained the doctrine that under the Constitu-
tion of the United States a State has the au-
thority to leave the Union whenever it shall
think that the purposes of the Union, as far
as the State is concerned, have not been ac-
complished, is what I never heard until this
debate commenced, and what, with due defer-
ence to the honorable gentlemen who suppose
that that was his conviction, I do not believe.
But, sir, the honorable member from Indi-
ana is mistaken in his statement that the reason
assigned by the father to the son why he was
not at liberty to engage in the rebellion was,
that his State had not seceded from the Union.
Let me read the answers to two or three ques-
tions propounded to the son by his father dur-
ing the investigation before the Judiciary Com-
mittee :
''Question, Did I not present tho objection to your
going there in every conceivable shape of which I
was competent ?
"Anstrer. I think go.
"Question. Did I not tell you, besides your not
having the right to £0 into the rebel service, or any
service against tho (iu\ ernmeni, and besides getting
no thanks lor anything you mi^hfc do, that by enter-
ing it you would lose all opportunity of obtaining a
profession ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Were you not engaged then in studying
medicmo?
"Answer. I was.
Question. Had you not made an arrangement with
me by which you were to go into the study of the
profession ot medicine?
^.4 Yes, sir.
Question.^ Did TnotteU you that your going there,
it you survived it, would destrov all your future
prospects m life?
"Ansicer. Yet*, sir.
I not constantly, on all occasions,
in conversation with you on the subject insist upon
it that there was no reason to justify your going?
{ Ansmrr. I ou did.
'Question. You had resolved, you say. to go to
Gettysburg and enter General Lee's army?
^Ansxcer. Yes. sir.
'Question. Did I not appeal to you, on tho ground
pi your duty to the State and the Government, not
to do so ?
"Answer. You did."
In thefirst of these answers, as well as in
the last, it appears that the father placed his
opposition to the son's going upon the ground
of right; not simply because tho State had not
seceded, but that what he was about to do was
