2262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
admonished on this subject from day to day. Go
to Michigan, one of the States that it was sup-
posed was most deeply committed to negro suf-
frage, and how have the white people decided
that question in the election of yesterday ? The
question will, sooner orlater, sweep every party
and every man who advocates it in this coun-
try from political life. If the question was put
seriously, in the bosom of the family, to every
white man of ordinary intelligence in the land,
"Are you willing to recognize the negro as your
equal politically, socially, in all the relations
of life," nine tenths of the white population
would answer in the negative.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I am glad of it; and I wish
this measure would go over eternally. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the special
order be postponed for the purpose of contin-
uing the consideration of this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope so, by general con-
sent.
The PRESIDENT juro tempore. It is moved
that the special order be postponed for the
purpose' of continuing the debate on this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say
that the naval appropriation bill only requires
a single vote to finish it.
Mr. SUMNER. Still, I would suggest to
my friend, as this bill is now before the Sen-
ate, that we proceed with it to the end. It can-
not take long.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not like
to have the other bill displaced. This motion
would displace that bill.
Mr. NlfE. Let us suspend it temporarily.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have not the
slightest objection to laying it aside informally.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; let it be done
oo. I have no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should not
like to have my bill displaced, because it is
nearly finished.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Evidently
the unfinished business cannot be laid aside
informally, because the yeas and nays are
called on the motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The call can be
withdrawn. 1 do not like to have my bill put
aside, because I think we can take a vote in
five minutes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not suppose the
appropriation bill for the support of the Amer-
ican Navy is of any consequence when it comes
ill comparison with a ineasureof this sort, which
shall secure the appointment of colored people
to hold offices in the capital of the nation in-
stead of white people. That is the reform I
believe that is to be accomplished, and of
course an appropriation to support the Navy
ought to stand aside until that is done.
Mr. HARLAN. I have this remark only to
make. I suppose the Senator from Indiana
knows that now b;y law no colored man can
hold office in the District of Columbia.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not prepared to
say that. The distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Summer,] who is better
versed on a question of that sort than I pre-
tend to be, claims that the bill which was
passed and which failed to receive the signa-
ture of the President in November last, and I
believe also in July last, is the law. I would
like to have his opinion upon that particular
point, whether he considers that to be the
taw. That bill, which failed to receive the
signature of the President because of the re-
cess of Congress, or rather which failed to be
returned to Congress by the President because
of the recess, I understand the Senator from
Massachusetts claims now to be a law. That
bill did give to negroes the right to hold office
as well as white people.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I understand the
opposition of the Senator to this bill to be that
the law already provides that they may hold
office, which he is in favor of.
Mr. I-IENDRICICS. No, Mr. President,
the Senator from California is too shrewd a
man to understand me so. He understands
me as opposing this bill, the purpose of which
is to take the appointment of officers from the
mayor, according to the ancient usage of the
District, and to give it to a body who will cer-
tainly confer offices on negroes instead of white
men. That is what I object to.
Mr. SUMNER. It gives some offices to the
white people and some to the colored people;
it gives them justice.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to give the
white men something of a chance in this
country.
Mr. SUMNER. They will have a good
chance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would yield to
the desire of the Senator from Iowa, who has
charge of this bill, but I am satisfied from
what I see about me that the bill will exhaust
the afternoon.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no ; it cannot.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And there is
but one single question to conclude on the
naval appropriation bill, which has been now
twice or tlirice before the Senate. I think we
shall make dispatch by allowing the vote to
be taken on the naval appropriation bill, and
then proceeding to the consideration of this
subject. I hope, therefore, the Senate will
allow me to conclude the appropriation bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. The bill reported by
the Senator from Iowa this morning from the
Committee on the District of Columbia is a
measure of some importance, and it ought to
be passed. The charter of this city will expire
in the course of a very short time, and this
proposition is a simple one. It is to continue
in operation the present charter until the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia shall have
duly considered another act for the purpose
of organizing the city authorities here. The
probability is that before we get through with
the impeachment proceedings the charter will
have expired, and, there being no government
left, wo shall be rather in a bad fix in the
city. It expires in May; 1 believe on the
20th of May. I will ask the chairman if that
is not so ?
Mr. HARLAN. From the 15th to the 17th.
Mr. HENDERSON. The loth or 17th of
May, which is only little over a month from
to-day. The probability is that after we shall
commence the impeachment trial again on
Thursday we shall not bo able to take up any
legislative business prior to that time. Such
a thing, if not probable, is at least possible.
The bill was unanimously reported by the com-
mittee this morning. I am very sorry that the
Senator from Massachusetts has thought fit to
encumber this simple measure with a proposi-
tion that excites debate. I hope the Senator
from Massachusetts will withdraw his amend-
ment, and let us consider that subject in the
now charter. Otherwise, I fear, from the in-
dications around me, that it will be impossible
to pass this measure to-day, and it is import-
ant, if the House is to act upon it, that it should
be put through here to-day.
1 rose merely to state the importance of the
measure proposed by the chairman of the com-
mittee, and to express my hope lhat the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts would withdraw his
amendment. On the final vote on his amend-
ment 1 should expect to vote for it with my
views of these questions; but I hope he will
see the necessity of the passage of the original
bill to-day, and, with that view, will withdraw
his amendment, so that the Senator who has
charge of the naval appropriation bill will con-
sent that that may be postponed for the time
being, until a vote can be had on the original
proposition of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. SUMNER. -With my friend from Mis-
souri I see the necessity of the passage of the
bill reported by the chairman of the commit-
tee; bi*t t see also the necessity of the passage
of the amendment. The Senator is mistaken
if he supposes that one has not the sanction of
the committee as much as the other.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is true.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says it is true.
Of course it is true. It was some time ago
that I reported from the committee, by their
direction, the House bill No. 143, entitled ''An
act to regulate the selection of officers in the
city of Washington, District of Columbia, and
for other purposes." I have tried to put that
on its passage from day to day without succeed-
ing in getting it before the Senate. Now, by
the direction of the Committee on the District
I move it as an amendment to the bill reported
by the chairman of the eommittse this morn-
ing. I am acting as the organ of the commit-
tee now in making this motion. After a careful
view of the whole ground they regarded the
passage of this bill by way of amendment to
the proposition of the Senator from Iowa as
important. And let me say, that after a careful
consideration of the matter, having put myself
in communication with various committees of
our fellow-citizens here in the District, I am
satisfied that this amendment of mine is of very
great practical importance prior to any election
that may take place. If it is not acted on to-
day, I shall despair of its passage prior to any
such election. It is a practical measure cal-
culated to exercise an influence on any election
and to favor the interests of those with whom
the Senator from Missouri and myself are par-
ticularly associated. It further carries out the
desires of the common council of this District
as represented by a vote, a positive resolution
of the board which I have in my hands—I will
not read it—in which they ask Congress to pass
this very bill. 1 hope, therefore, there will be
no delay; and I really would appeal to my
excellent friend, the Senator from Maine, to
allow this measure to be proceeded with to the
end. The naval appropriation bill is sure. He
will call it up when this is over, and it will be
put on its passage. It cannot fail. The other
measure requires that when it is before the
Senate it should be kept there until the vote,
or if it is not kept there until the vote I fear
that its passage may be embarrassed. If it
were not important that it should be acted upon
now during this brief interval, if really we could
afford delay, 1 would not press it as 1 do; but
feeling its present importance, and that we
cannot afford delay, I hope that my friend from
Maine will withdraw his opposition and allow
us to proceed with its discussion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I feel called
upon to say, in reply to the appeal made to me
personally by the Senator from Massachusetts,
that I do not think he ought to make that ap-
peal to me personally. I am not charged with
the conduct of this bill in any personal sense.
The Senator will remember that this is the third
time I have attempted to couclude the action of
the Senate on this naval appropriation bill. Itis
a matter of public concern, and I do not feel that
l am authorized to waive it in favor of any other
bill. It is a matter that I1must submit to the
judgment of the Senate, whether it ought or
ought not to be done. I ought to say m this
connection that the Army appropriation bill
itself is stiU unfinished; very much in the con-
dition of this bill. Besides, I have reported
to-day, trom the same committee, a deficiency
bill, and have given notice that I shall ask the
attention of the Senate to that bill to-morrow,
xsow, I submit to my honorable friend that he
can haidly expect me to take the responsibility
of disposing ot this matter according to mv
own personal feelings toward him. i there
fore must submit to the Senate to determine
whether they will proceed with the order of the
day, which is the appropriation bill for the
Navy, on which, as 1 understand, there is but
a single question to be concluded, or whether
they will proceed and finish this bill, which I
greatly tear, from the present aspect of affairs
will occupy the residue of the day. '
Mr HARLAN I suppose the only qv,es.
tion to be decided by the- Senate is between
the relative importance of action or the naval
