1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4811
question now is upon the substitute for the
entire bill offered by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. BoutwellJ which the Clerk
will read:
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, ana he
hereby is, authorized to issue coupon or registered
bonds of the United States in such form as lie may
prescribed' the denomination of §100, or of any mul-
tiple of $100, redeemable in coin of the present stand-
ard value of the United States, and upon the follow-
ing terms and conditions, that is to say :
f'iret. That the Secretary of the Treasury may issue
bonds as aforesaid to thoamountinallot'SMO.000,000,
redeemable in com at the pleasure of the Govern-
ment at any time after the 1st flay of July; A. D.
1883, and bearing interest yearly at the rate ot five
per cent, in coin, payable semi-annually. And such
bonds and the income therefrom shall be exempt
from State, municipal, or local taxation, but they
shall be liable to such incomo tax as may be levied
by the United States upon other income, not exceed-
ing, however, five per cent, of the interest upon such
bonds; and the amount of the tax shall be deducted
from the interest upon such bonds when the interest
thereon is paid.
Second. The Secretary of the Treasury may also
issue bonds as aforesaid to the further amount of
$400,000,000, redeemable in coin at the pleasureof the
Government at any time after the 1st day of July,
A. D. 18SS, and bearing interest yearly at the rate of
four and one half of one per cent, in coin, payable
seini-annualiy. And such bonds and the income
therefrom shall be exempt irom State, local and
municipal taxation, but they shall be liable to such
income tax as may be levied by the United States
upon other incomes, not exceeding, however, three
per cent, of the interest upon such bonds; and the
amount of the tax shall bo deducted from the interest
upon such bonds when the interest thereon is paid.
Third, The Secretary of the Treasury may also is-
sue bonds as aforesaid to the further amount of
$400,000,000, redeemable in coin at the pleasure of
the Government at any time after the 1st day of
July, A. 1). 1893, and bearing interest yearly at the
rate of three and sixty-five hundredths ot one per
cent, payable semi-annually in coin. The interest
and principal of such bonds shall be made pnyable
in the United States, or at. London, Paris, or Frank-
fort, at the option oi'the taker, and shall beexempt
from all taxation inor by the United States, and the
principal and interest thereof shall be paid sib aiore-
said without any abatemcn or deduction whatever.
Holders ot bonds known as five-twenty bonds may
exchange such bonds fot the bonds in this section
specified; applicants tor an exchange of bunds may,
within the limits prescribed by this act, designate
the time when and the place whcie the new bonds
issued to thera shall be made payable, but nothing
in this act contained shall be construed to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue bonds except
in exchange foi live-twenty bonds.
Sec. 2. And be \t further enacted. That from and
after the passage of this act no peicentage, deduc-
tion. commission, or compensation of any amountor
kind shall be allowed to any poison tor the sale,
negotiation, or exchange of any bonds or securities
of the United States, or of any coin or bullion dis-
posed ot ut the Treasury Department or elsewhere
on account of the United States; and all acts and
parts of acts authorizing or permitting, by construc-
tion or otherwise, the Secretary of the Treasury to
appoint any agent, other than some proper officer of
his Department, to make such sale or negotiation of
bonds and secunties are hereby repealed.
Skc. 3. And be it further cnactcd, That the Secre-
tary of tho Treasury bo, and he hereby is, authorized
ami directed to u-e the sum of $.£>,000,000 of coin in
theTreasury, and not, otherwise appiopnated, in the
puiehiiM! ot livo-twentv baud* at the m.irket price,
as iiei einafter provided, the same 1 o be held by the
Tieasurei of the United States as a sinking fund, in
accordanco wilh the provisions of the fifth section of
an act pas&cd February 2o, 18i>2. entitled 14 An act to
authonzo the issue of United States notes, and for
the ledemption or funding thereof, and for funding
the lloating debt of the United ritates."'
Sec.4. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
ot the Treasury, the Treasurer of the United States,
and the Attorney General be, and they hereby arc,
constituted a commission for the purchase of bonds
as required m the preceding section. The Secretary
of the Treasuty shall, from time to time, give public
notice tor propobals lor the sale of said bonds to the
United States, and said commissioners may accept
%u.h proposals as they deem advantageous to the
public interests. The bonds so purchased shall be
legibly and indelibly marked "The piopcrty of the
loan sinking fund of the United States." Tho Treas-
urer shall cause the interest to be paid upon such
boudN and the amount thereof shall in like manner
be in vested iu the bonds of the United States.
Six', b. Andbcit furthet enacted. That the purchases
of bonds authorized in the third scction of this act
shall be made during the fiscal year commencing
July 1, 1&J3.
Snc. 0. And he it further enacted. That the Secretary
ot the Treasury be, and he is hereby, required t« give
public notice, whenever the amount of coin in the
Treasury belonging to th« United St,itos exceeds
$20,(>00,o00 in addition to the amount appropriated
bj tho thud section of tins act, that lie will antici-
pate the payment of interest then tiist to become
due upon t lie bonds of {he United States to an amount
as near as ma.\ be of the excess over said1?J0,000,0 '0;
such payments to be subject to a rebate of interest at
tho rate specified in tho bonds.
Sec. 7. And be it furtker enacted. That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, prohibited from
making sales of gold for any purpose whatsoever.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the substitute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 67, nays 72, not
voting 70 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Bailey, Banks,
Benton, Blair, Boles, Boutwell, Brornwell, Broomall,
BenjaminF. Butler, Churchill, Header W. Clarke,
Cook, Covode, Cuilom, Dawo«, Delano, Dixon, Bon-
nelly, Briegs, Eckley, Eliot, Ferriss, Fields, French,
llaughey, Higby.IIill, Chester B. Hubbard, Jenckes,
Judd, Kelley, Keteham, Koontz, Laflin, William
Lawrence, Loan, McKee, Mercur. Moore, Morrell,
Orth.Perham, Peteis, Pierce, Pile, Poland, Pomeroy,
llobertson, Sawyer, Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stewart, Stokes, Talfe, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Twichcll. Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Ward, F]hhu B. Washburne, William B.
Washburn, and William Williams—07.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Belos R.
Ashley, Axtcll, Baker, Beatty, Bock, Bingham, Boy-
den, Boyer, Biooks, Buckland, Cary, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Bewcese, Dockery, Eggleston, Ela,
Bldiidge, Ferry, Garfield, Getz, Glossbrenner, Gol-
laday, Grover, Haight, Hamilton, Hawkins, H-eaton,
Ilinds, Holman, Hopkins, Hotehkiss, Hulburd.
Hunter, Johnson, Alexander H.Jones, Thomas B.
Jones, ICelsey, Kerr, Knott, Logan, Loughridgc,
Mallory, Mann. Marshall, Maynard, McClurg, Mil-
ler, Mullins, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson. Norris,
O'Neill. Pike, Polsley, Randall, Itoss.Schenck, Sco-
ficld. Shanks, Smith, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Anken, Van Trump, Henry B. Washburn, Welker,
and Woodward—72.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin,
Blackburn, Blaine, Bowen, Bucklcy, Burr. Roderick
It. Butler, Cake, Oallis, Ohanler, Cornell. Dodge,
Farnsworth, Finney, Fox, Goss, Gravely, Griswold,
Ilalsey, Harding, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard 1). Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Julian,
Kitchen, Lash, George V.Lawrence, Lincoln,Lynch,
Marvin, McCarthy, McCormick, McCuilough, Moor-
head, Moms^ey, Mungen, Ncwcomb, New-diam,
Nunn, Paine, Phelps, Plants, Price, Pruyn. Ilaura,
llobinson. Roots, Selye, Shellabarger, Sitgieaves,
Staikweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stone, Sypher,
Tabor, John Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Vidal,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Whittemore, Thomas,
Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wdson, Stephen
F. Wilbon, Windom, Wood, and Woodbudge—70.
So the substitute was not agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move to postpone the farther
consideration of this bill until December next.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order while the previous question is operating.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I move to recon-
sider tiie vote by which the main question was
ordered, with a view to move to postpone the
further consideration of this bill until Decem-
ber next.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot now
be made, because the rule says that the pre-
vious question cannot be reconsidered when it
is partly executed. And the previous question
will not be exhausted until the third reading of
the bill.
Mr. WARD. Then I move to lay the bill
on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. WAUD. And on that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and there were fifteen in the
aftirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay the bill on the table, and it was not
agreed to; there being upon a division—ayes
thirty-four, noes not counted.
The bill, as amended, was then read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Now, that the judgment
of the House, as shown by various votes, is that
if auy loaia bill is to pass it is one that post-
pones the possibility of paying any portion of
the public debt for forty years, accompanied
by a declaration from the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Soiiexck]
that lie expects the public credit will then be
so good that it can be extended for another
period of time, which to my mind is equiv-
alent to an indefinite postponement ot all
effort to pay the public debt of the country,
I am constrained to say that I for one will
vote against the bill. I now demand .the pre-
vious question, and call for the yeas and Bays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 hope the gentleman will
not demand the previous question after mis-
representing me as he has done.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Certainly not. I had
no intention of misrepresenting the gentleman
in any way. I withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr SCHENGK. What I said, Mr. Speaker,
was this: that so far from being apprehensive
on that account, I believed the holders of
bonds running forty years at this low rate of
interest would be more anxious not to have
them paid than to have them paid ; but at the
same time 1 called attention to that provision
of the bill for an appropriation from year to
year for extinguishing the principal as well as
paying the interest; and throughout I declared
ray belief in the capacity of the Government
to meet these demands upon it. The gentle-
man, therefore, misapprehended my position
entirely.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Undoubtedly I misun-
derstood the gentleman to some extent; but
his explanation does not change the force of
what I said. The construction which I have
put upon the language of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means conforms,
I believe, substantially to what he has now
said. In the first place we are to have no
means of paying any portion of the public
debt for forty years. The bill provides for a
sinking fund by means of which there will
be applicable each year to the payment of
the public debt a residuum of more than fifty
million dollars, which annual residuum, if
put out at interest, would pay the public debt
in less than forty years, leaving an excess
equal to nearly half that debt. 1 should be
glad if the gentleman would state, as the finan-
cial organ of this House, how the people of
this country are to hold an accumulation of
lifty millions in gold each year for forty years.
That is the question which the bill presents.
I do not desire to indulge in any debate upon
this matter; but I consider the whole proposi-
tion so entirely unwise as a measure of finan-
cial po'licy that for one I shall feel constrained
to vote against the passage of the bill. I now
demand the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a, moment ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I think the ordinary
time for debate has already been exhausted,
and I insist on the demand for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the mam question ordered, which was upon
the passage of the bill.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 70, nays b8, not voting
08 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Belos R. Ashley, Bailey.
Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Bole^, Boyden,
Brooniii.ll, Bue,Island, Buckley, Oallis, Chun-hill,
Reader W. Ciarke, Sidney Clarke. Cobb, Goburn,
Cook, Covode, Bixon, Bonnelly, Briggs, ik-kley,
Ela, Ferris, Ferry, Fields, Garfield. Gravely, Gris-
wold, liigbv, Hill, Hopkins, Hotehkiss, Chester B.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Jenckes, Judd, Kelley,
Ketcham, Koont/i, WilliamLawience,Loan, Losan,
Loughridge, Maliory. Maynard, MeOlurg, McKee,
Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell Mullins, Myers,
Norris, O'Neill, Perham, Peters, Pile, Polsley, Pome-
roy, Robertson, Saw> er, Schcnck, Scofield, Stokes,
Taylor, Trowbridge, Upson. Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Henry B. Washburn, Welker,
William Williams, and John T. Wilson—79.
NAYS—Mcssr*. Adams, Ames, Archer, Axtell,
Baker, Banks, Beck, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell,
Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, Cary, Uullom, Bawes,
i Belano, Bewee-e, Boc.kery, Egglcston, Eldridge,
il Eliot. Getz, Glossbrenner,Golladay.Grover, Haight,
ii Hamilton, liaughey, Hawkins, Hinds, Holinan, In-
!| gersoll, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L.
i! Jones, Kelsey, Kerr, ICnott, Laflin, Mann,Marshall,
i; Mercur, Niblack, Nicholson, Orth, Pierce, Pike.-ro-
1' land,Randall, Ross, Shanks,Smith, Scalding. liiau-
dous Srevens, Stewart, Taber, laffe, i^
rence S.Trimble, 'f^ic^cll. Van Auken. Vani P,
Ward, Eililm 15. Waghbarnc.lWlJiafflB. u.
Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbndgo, ondW oodnaid—Ij8.
MOT VOT1 NO—-Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, James
M. Ashley,Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Bell-
