1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3287
Perhaps the committee are right., or the chair-
man is right, in supposing that the condition of
tiiis company, what it has done with its means,
how much it has advanced oil the credit of our
bonus, is entirely immaterial to this question,
and that this equity that is now pressed on our ;
attention is one that depends upon some more
fanciful and imaginative theory than the hard
and naked fact of money advanced upon the
strength of this legislation; and so we must
endeavor to get along in the dark, so far as
the committee is concerned, as well as we
can. I should have supposed, when a com-
pany came before the committee and desired
legislation of this character, that one of its
first steps under the direction of the commit-
tee would have been to make a plain, straight-
forward, and honorable showing of what, it
had done with the $1,500,000 that it had
received from the United States; how much
money it had raised upon the Government
bonds ; how much stock it had actually paid
in ; how much money it had expended in the
construction of the road; and generally what
its financial condition was, in Older to show
fairly to those who were to pass laws for its
benefit that it had an equity; that it had ex-
pended money in good faith under this legis-
lation ; that it had taken all the steps that the
law authorized it to lake, and had made no
improper use of the funds that had been
bestowed upon it; and to show that without
this legislation it would be left in a condition
in which it might justly complain. But it
appears that the committee did not take any
such view of it; perhaps the company is not
to blame for it; and all that we are favored
with in the way of information is exactly what
is contained on the face of the bill; and that
is, a bill to give to this company §2,400,000
of United States bonds for a supposed out-
rage—and I think I use the very language my
friend from Michigan did the other day—that
we committed by the act of 3806 in author-
izing the .Eastern Division Company to file its
designation of route and its maps by the 1st day
of December, 1800 ; because that is all we did.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator desire
any information about what has been paid in
bj this company ? I will answer at any time,
it' he desires it; but I do not wish to interrupt
him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that my
friend from Kansas is a member of the com-
mittee.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; but the Senator
asked, " Can any one tell'.''' I say I can.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear it,
certainly, as 1 do not wish to do this company
any injustice.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to state inasin-
gle word what was true up to I860. For the
last two years I know nothing about it. But
on their own stock, on the stock subscribed,
the amount paid in then was three hundred and
sixty-odd thousand dollars. What they have
done since, I do not know. I know they pay
in a great deal. But up to that time, that is
two years ago, when 1 did know something
about it, they had paid in three hundred and
sixty-odd thousand dollars of their own stock
subscribed by the company.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then it would be much
cheaper if there were an equity here, a demand
on our justice, to refund this $860,000 or
$500,000, if that be the amount these gentle-
men have now really advanced, and let the
Governmeuttakethe railroad fora Government
military one, to carry supplies out to the Kansas
Indians and the troops, than it would be to
authorize the building of two hundred miles
more, and giving $2,500,000 for that. If the
business of that country, in the State ot Kansas
—for Senators must bear in mind the road is
there and nowhere else—is not enough to war-
rant the building of a line of railroad where
this line of railroad wants to go, then it appears
to me that it is rather an unwise business for
Congress to undertake to prop it up by subsi-
dizing it. The theory of these, subsidies is
that Congress lias a second mortgage on the
property for the amount of the subsidy, and
that therefore the road—inasmuch as the com-
pany may make a first mortgage for the same
amount—ought when done to be worth double
the amount of the subsidy ; and if the road will
not pay expenses when built, if it will not pay a
profit on its stock when built in the interest of
its stockholders in the State of Kansas, how can
we be asked to furnish subsidies for building
it? The theory upon which we have furnished
subsidies so tar has been that we were aidiug
in the construction of a line of immense mag-
nitude, which was to bind the distant, parts of
the country together; and as such that theory
was probably sustainable. But here, without
undertaking to stop any of the lines we author-
ized to build westward for this connection, it
is proposed to add one more branch from the
one hundredth meridian, entirely in the State
of Kansas, subject to the laws of Kansas,
existing under the laws of Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator may not be
aware that if this road is built any further it
will be built in the State of Nebraska, and not
in Kansas; it is now up to the Kansas line.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It goes into Nebraska.
I do not see that that helps it. If this line of
road in the States of Nebraska and Kansas,
going out to the main line, in addition to the
lines already existing, will not pay, if it is not
worth anything, why is it that we are asked to
put up our money m aid of its construction?
it is not a national line, if it does go into both
of these States; it is not a Pacific line; it is a
local line, to which we were induced to give a
subsidy for one hundred miles in the first place
under the condition that we should never be
called upon to give any more; and now iteomes
forward and says that, because we extended
to the 1st of December, 1866, the time of this
other line to file its designation of route and its
plat of survey, there has thereby been com-
mitted an outrage upon the company, in the
language of the chairman of the committee, that
we are bound to make good with §2,-500,000
more.
As I said, Mr. President—and I do not want
to take any more time about this matter—I
began to investigate this case, listening to the
accounts of its friends, who are gentlemen of
respectability; and I do not blame them for
getting the money if they can. 1 began it with
a sincere desire, because they were persons
introduced to me by friends of mine, to help
them if 1 could justly and conscientiously ; but
the more I studied, the more I looked at it in
one aspect and another, listening to the very
accounts that those who urge it proceed upon,
the more I am convinced that it has no ground
of equity or law or justice upon which they
have a right to claim it. If they can satisfy
the Senate that great public considerations,
such as induced these other subsidies, should
lead to our aiding in the finishing of this line,
that is one thing ; but all I have said upon it
depends upon the claim upon which it is made
to rest by the chairman of the committee as
merely a remedy which we are bound to apply
for the outrage that we committed two years
ago,when, if we committed any outrage at all,
we did it with the eyes of the company wide
open, in the presence of its president here
assenting to it without any protest.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I am very
much gratified that the Senator from Vermont
has informed the Senate that this is a subject
that can be comprehended by a person who is
not a lawyer. I therefore have some hope of
presenting a statement of the case so clearly
that those who, like myself, make no great
pretensions to knowledge ot the law, may com-
prehend it.
I think I shall be justified in saying, also,
without being subject to the charge ot egotism,
that I regard this as one of the very few sub-
jects that I believe 1 understand quite as well
as the Senator who has just taken his seat; and
I do not intend any personal reflection when I
say that, as it seems to me, he has perverted
the facts and grossly misstated the law.
Mr. President, in the first place let us refer
to the law of 1802, which provided that a rail-
road and certain branches shouldbeeonstructed,
forming a through and connected line of
uniform gauge from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean. This law provided that this
work should be constructed by four distinct
companies ; one chartered by the law itself, •
called the Union Pacific liailroad Company.
That was charged with constructing the lino
from the one hundredth meridian to the eastern
boundary of California, and eastward from the
one hundredth meridian to some point on the
western border of Iowa. Another company,
the California Central Railroad Company, I
think it was styled, was charged with construct-
ing that part of the line lying between the
Pacific coast and the eastern border of Cali-
fornia. A company now known as the Union
Pacific railroad, eastern division, was charged
with building tiiat part of the work lying be-
tween the mouth of the Kansas river at Kansas
City, on the western border of Missouri, up the
valley of the Kansas river, in a northwestern
direction, and up the valley of the Republican
river, being a branch of the Kansas, to the
one hundredth meridian, the starting point of
the main-trunk line. And still another com-
pany was charged with constructing that part
of this work lying between the town of Atchi-
son, on the Missouri river, and the valley of
the llepubiican river, supposed to be about,
one hundred miles in length, and so named
and limited in the law.
Now, 1 desire to read the exact text of the
law of 1862, in order that we may comprehend
the character of the work thereby authorized
and the difficulties that immediately arose in
carrying into effect the provisions of this law.
The first clause I will read is in section nine:
"And said railroad through Kansas shall be so
located between tbo muuth of the Kansas rivor, as
aforesaid, and the aforesaid point on the one hun-
dredth meridian of longitude, that the several rail-
roads from Missouri and Iowa, herein authorized to
connect with the same, can make connection within
the limits pieseribed in this aet, provided the samo
can be done without deviating from the general
direction of the whole line to the Pacific coast."
I will read in this connection from the twelfth
section of the act of 1862:
"The whole line of eaid railroad and branches and
telegraph shall be operated and used for all pur-
poses of communication, travel, and transportation,
so l.ir as the public and Government are concerned,
as one connected and continuous line."
It is also provided that— ,
"The route in Kansas west of the meridian of Fort
Kiley, to the aforesaid point on the one hundredth
meridian of longitude, to besubjeet to the approval
of the President of the United States, and to be
determined by him on actual survey,"
It will be observed that it was the inten-
tion of Congress in passing this law that this
road and branches should be operated as one
through line. The law says that the road and
its branches shall be operated as one connected,
continuous line from the Missouri river to the
Pacific coast; it provides that these branches
shall be so located as to enable each of them
to make a connection within the limits speci-
fied ; and in order that one of these com-
panies should not defraud or obstruct another
company in the locatiou of its road, so as to
derive advantages from this connection, the
final power to locate was put in the President
of the United States, and he was authorized,
if necessary, to do this on an actual survey of
these lines. I am admonished by my friend
from Michigan [Mr. Howard] that this law is
mandatory ; the President is required to do it.
It was the intention, therefore, as it seems
to me beyond all cavil and doubt, that each of
these branches and the truuk line should be so
built as to connect, and be operated together
as one road. Another provision^ in the law
requires that the gauge shall be uniform of the
main line and the branches from the Missouri
river to the Pacific coast. Now for the dif-
ficulty of carrying into effect this law ; and 1
shall pass over the points of difficulty except
that which seems to me to be direcdy pertinent
to the question raised here in the Senate. Ihe
seventeenth section of this law provided
"That if said roads are not completed, so as to
form a continuous line of railroad, ready tor use,
