208
SUPPLEMENT TO
public interest, which the harmonious action
of the Government rendered it necessary
should be speedily determined. I elaborated
the view. Mr. Carpenter replied, representing
that there could be no detriment to the public
service, and he earnestly urged the court to a
postponement. The chief justice thereupon
said—I think he remarked that it was the first
time he knew of a case in which the plea of a
personal indisposition of counsel was not ac-
ceded to by the other side, that it was generally
sufficient, and went on to remark upon the
motion further in such a manner that I con-
cluded he would continue the case until the
following day; and as soon as we saw that ho
would continue the ease until the following day
we brought forward a motion that it be then
adjourned from before the chief justice at
chambers to the chief justice holding the
criminal court. That question was argued by
counsel, and overruled by the court.
Mr. JOHNSON. By the court?
The Witness. By the judge at chambers,
not by the court. I then submitted to the
judge 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President, I
wish it simply understood, that I may clear
my skirts of this matter, that this all goes in
under our objection, and under the ruling of
the presiding oflicer.
The CHIEF J USTICE. It goes in under
the direction of tho Senate of the United
States. [To the witness.] Proceed, sir.
The Witness. We then announced to the
judge that General Thomas's bail had sur-
rendered him, or that he was in custody of the
marshal, and the marshal was advancing to-
ward him at the time. 1 think that Mr. lirad-
loy or Mr. Cox handed me, while on my feet,
and while I was making that announcement,
the petition for a habeas corpus, which, I then
presented to the criminal court, which having
opened in the morning, had not yet adjourned,
and over which Chief Justice Cartter was pre-
siding. I presented the habeas corpus to the
criminal court.
Mr. CURTIS. The petition?
The Witness. Tho petition for a habeas
corpus to tho criminal court, representing that
General Thomas was in custody of the mar-
shal, and asked that it should lie heard.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Was that petition
in writing?
The Witness. That petition was in writing,
I believe. As t said, it was handed to me by
one of my associates, and if my recollection
serves me aright I have seen the petition since,
and it was not signed. When handed to me
General Thomas and Mr. Bradley were sitting
immediately behind me, and after reading it 1
laid it down, and I believe it was taken up by
some of the reporters and not regained for half
an hour.
By Mr. C cutis :
Question. Well, sir, after you had read it
what occurred ?
Answer. After I had read it a discussion
arose upon tho propriety of the petition and
the regularity of the time, in regard to tho time
of its presentation. The counsel upon the other
side contended that General Thomas was not
in eustady, and that it was a remarkable case—
i remember that expression, I think, of Mr.
Carpenter's—for an accused party to insist
upon putting himself m jail or in custody. We
contended that he was in custody. The chief
justice ruled that he was not in custody at all,
and that he did not purpose to put him in cus-
tody. The counsel upon the other side further
stated that they desired neither that he should
be put in custody nor that he should give bond,
because they were certain, from his character
and position, that he would be here to answer
any charge that might be brought against him.
The chief justice replied that, in view of the
statements made by tho counsel, he should
neither put him in custody nor demand bond,
and was himself satisfied there was no necessity
for pursuing either course. We then remarked,
" If ho is not in custody and not under bond
he i.s discharged." I think some one said,
" He is then discharged; " and thereupon, in
order that there might be a decision in refer-
ence to the alternatives presented of his being
placed in custody or discharged upon the rec-
ord, we moved for his discharge in order to
bring up the question officially of his commit-
ment. He was thereupon discharged.
Mr. CURTIS. I believe that is all we wish
to examine Mr. Merrick upon.
Cross-examined by Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. Were you counsel, Mr. Merrick,
for Surratt ?
Answer. I was, sir.
Question. Was Mr. Cox?
Answer. He was not.
Question. Was Mr. Bradley, who was advis-
ory counsel in this proceeding?
Answer. He was.
Question. When you got to the Executive
Mansion that morning Thomas was not there,
you tell us ?
Answer. I think not. That is my recollec-
tion.
Question. Did you learn whether he had been
there ?
Answer. I do not recollect whether I did or
not. Had I so learned I probably should have
recollected it.
Question. Did you not learn that Thomas
was then over at the War Department?
Answer. I do not recollect that I did, and
think I did not.
Question. Did you not learn when he re-
turned that he had come from the War Depart-
ment?
Ansxoer. I do not recollect.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I will not tax your
want of recollection any further. [Laughter.]
Edwin 0. Perrin sworn and examined.
By Mr. Evauts :
Question. Where do you reside ?
Answer. I reside on Long Island, near Ja-
maica.
Question. How long have you been a resi-
dent of that region ?
Answer. I have been a resident of Long
Island over ten years.
Question. Previous to that time where had
you resided?
Answer. Memphis, Tennessee.
Question. Are you personally acquainted
with tho President of the United States?
Answer. lam.
Question. And for how long a time have you
been so personally acquainted with him?
Answer. I knew Mr. J ohnson in Tennessee
for several years before I left the State, having
met him more particularly upon the stump in
political campaigns, I being a Whig and he a
Democrat.
Question. And has that acquaintance con-
tinued until the present time ?
Answer. It has.
Question. Were you in tho city of Washing-
ton in the month of February last?
Answer. I was.
Question. And for what period of time ?
Answer. I came hero, 1 think, about tho 1st
day of February, or near that time, and re-
mained until about the 1st of March or last of
February.
Question. During that time were you at a
hotel or at a private residence ?
Answer. At a private boarding-house.
Question. Did you have an interview with
the President of the United States on the 21st
of February ?
Answer. I did.
Question. Alone, or in company with whom?
Answer. In company with a member of
the House of Representatives.
Question. Who was he ?
Answer. Mr. Selye, of Rochester, New York.
Question. How did it happen that you made
this visit ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I pray judgment
on that.
Mr. EVARTS. It is merely introductory.
It is nothing material. You have no ground
to object, as the answer will show.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Very well.
The Witness. Mr. Selye said that while he
knew the President he never had been form-
ally presented to him; and understanding
that I was a friend of the President, and well
acquainted with him, he asked me if I would
not go up with him to the President's and in-
troduce him.
By Mr. Evarts :
Question. When did this occur?
Answer. On the 20th.
Question. The day before ?
Answer. The day before—on the 20th.
Question. Your visit, then, on the 21st was
on this inducement?
Answer. I made the appointment for the
next day. I informed Mr. Selye that it was
Cabinet day, and it would be no use to go un-
til after two o'clock, as we probably would
not be permitted to enter, and appointed two
o'clock, at his rooms in Twelfth street, to meet
him for that purpose.
Question. You went there, and you took up
Mr. Selye?
Answer. I went to Mr. Selye's room. He
called a carriage, and we got in and drove to
the President's house, a little after two o'clock,
or perhaps nearly three. I did not note the
hour.
Question. Did you have any difficulty in get-
ting in ?
Answer. We had. Mr. Kershaw, the usher
at the door, when I handed him Mr. Selye's
card and mine, said that the President had
some of his Cabinet with him yet, and no one
would be admitted. I told him I wished that
he would go in and say to the President or say
to Colonel Moore, with my compliments 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Excuse me; are
you going to put in Colonel Moore ?
Mr. EVARTS. It is no matter; we are
only getting at the fact how he got in. [To
the witness.] Was the fact that Mr. Selye was
a member of Congress mentioned?
Answer. That was mentioned that Mr. Sllye
was a member of Congress.
Question. And so you got in?
Answer. And so we got in.
Question. When you went up-stairs; and
were you immediately admitted, or otherwise ?
Answer. We were up-stairs then when
this took place; in the ante-room near the
President's reception-room.
Question. Very well; then you went in after
awhile ?
Answer. Yes, sir ; wo went in.
Question. Was the President alone when you
went in ?
Answer. He was alone.
Question. Anddidyou introduce Mr. Selye?
Answer. I introduced Mr. Selye.
Question. As a member of Congress?
Answer. As a member of Congress from the
Rochester district.
Question. Before this time had you heard
that any order for the removal of Mr. Stanton
had been made?
Answer. I had heard nothing of it.
Question. Nor had Mr. Selye, so far as you
know ?
Answer. He had not. I found him lying
down when I got to his room, abouttwo o'clock,
and he complained of being unwell.
Question. So far as you know, he had heard
nothing of it ?
Answer. So far as I know, he had heard
nothing of it.
Question. Did you then hear from the Presi-
dent of the removal of Mr. Stanton?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stay a moment.
We feel it our duty to object to the state-
ment of the President to this person or Mr.
Selye or anybody else, declarations made to
parties in the country generally. There can be
no end to this kind of evidence; everybody
may be brought here. Where are we to stop,
if there is to be any stop ? If not, the time
of the country will be consumed in hearing
every conversation between the President and
every person that he chooses to introduce.
Mr. EVARTS. If the evidence is proper
