THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
the time to have considered about the public
interest was when the trial was commenced or
promoted. We are not to be excluded from a
defense because it takes time to put it in. Of
course it would be more convenient to stop a
cause at the end of the prosecution's case and
save the time of the country or of the court.
We are reducing to writing our offer.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The question simply
is what was said between the President and
Mr. Selye and Mr. Perrin. That is the ques-
tion that I had the honor to object to.
Mr. EVABTS. "VVe are reducing it to form
in order that it may be passed upon.
The offer, having been reduced to writing,
was read by the Secretary, as follows:
Wo offer to provo that tho President then stated
that ho had issued an order for the removal of Mr.
Stanton and the employment of General Thomas to
perform the duties ad interim ,- that thereupon Mr.
Perrin said " Supposing Mr. Stanton should oppose
the orderthe Presidentreplied " There is no danger
of that, for General Thomas is already in tho office."
He then added, "It is only a temporary arrange-
ment; I shall send in to the Senate at once a good
name for tho otlicc."
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I find it, Mr.
President and Senators, my duty to object to
this. There is no end to declarations of this
sort. The admission of those to Sherman and
to Thomas was advocated on the ground that
the office was tendered to them and that it was
a part of the res gestce. This is mere narra-
tion, mere statement of what he had done and
what he intended to do. It never was evidence
and never will be evidence in any organized
court, so far as any experience in court has
taught me. I do not see why you limit it. If
Mr. Perrin, who says that he has heretofore
been on the stump, can go there and ask him
questions, and the answers can be received,
why not anybody else ? If Mr. Selye could go
there why not everybody else? Why could he
not make declarations to every man, ay, and
woman, too, and bring them in here, as to
what he intended to do and what he had done
to instruct the Senate of the United States in
their duties sittiug as a high court of impeach-
ment, ?
Mr. EYARTS. Mr. Chief Justice, I am
not aware that the credit of this testimony is
at all affected by the fact that Mr. Perrin has
been engaged in political canvasses, nor do I
suppose that it assists us in determiningwliether
this should be admitted, because declaration
might be made even to a female. The ques-
tion, then, is, whether the declaration, at this
time and under these circumstances, of the
President's intent in what ho had done was
and is proper to be heard.
It will be observed that this was an interview
between the President of the United States
and a member of Congress, one of " thegrand
inquest of the nation," holding, therefore, an
official duty and having access, by reason of
his official privilege, to tho person of the
President; that at this hour of the day the
President was in the attitude of supposing,
upon the report of General Thomas, that Mr.
Stanton was ready to yield the office, desiring
only the time necessary to accommodate his
private convenience, and that he then stated to
these gentlemen, "I have removed Mr. Stanton
and appointed General Thomas ad interim,"
which was their first intelligence of the occur-
rence; that upon the suggestion, " Will there
not be trouble or difficulty?" the President
answered (showing thus the bearing on any
question of threats or purpose of force as to
be imputed to him from the declarations that
General Thomas was making at about the
same hour to Mr. Wilkeson) that there was no
occasion for or "'no danger of that as General
Thomas was already in." Then, as to the
motive or purpose entertained by the President
at the time of this act of providing anybody
that should control the War Department or
-the military appropriations, or by combination
with the Treasury Department suck tho public
funds, or to have, though I regret to repeat
the words as used by the honorable Manager,
a tool or a slave to carry on the office to the
detriment of the public service, we propose to
show that at the very moment he asserts, "This
is but a temporary arrangement; I shall at
once send in a good name for the office to the
Senate."
Now, you will perceive that this bears upon
the President's condition of purpose in this
matter, both in respect to any force as threat-
ened or suggested by anybody else being
imputable to him at this time, and upon the
question of whether this appointment of Gen-
eral Thomas had any other purpose than what
appeared upon its face, a nominal appointment,
to raise the question of whether Mr. Stanton
would retire or not, and determined, as it
seemed to be for the moment, by the acquies-
cence of Mr. Stanton, was then only to be
maintained until a name was sent into the
Senate, as by proof hitherto given we have
shown was done on the following day before
one o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, I ask
that the question be read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The proposal of
the counsel for the President will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
AVe offer to prove that the President then stated
that he had issued an order for the removal of Mr.
Stanton and the employment of Mr. Thomas to per-
form the duties ad interim; that thereupon Mr. Per-
rin said, "Supposing Mr. btanton should opposo tho
order." Tho President replied: "Thero is no dan-
ger of that, for General Thomas is already in tho
office." IIo then added: "It is only a temporary
arrangement; I shall send into the Senato at once a
good namo for the office."
Mr. Manager WILSON. Mr. President, as
this objection is outside of any former ruling
of the Senate, and is perfectly within the rule
laid down in Hardy's case, I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to that rule again, not
for the purpose of entering upon any consider-
able discussion, but to leave this objection
under that rule to the decision of the Senate:
"Nothing is so clear as that all declarations which
apply to facts, and even apply to the particular caso
that is chaiged, though tho intent should mako a
part of that charge, are evidence against a prisoner,
and are not evidence-for him, because tho presump-
tion upon which declarations are evidence is that
no man would declaro anything against himself un-
less it were true; but every man, if ho was in a diffi-
culty, or in the view to any difficulty, would mako
declarations for himself."—24 titate Trials, p. 1096.
If this offer of proof does not come perfectly
within that rule then I never met a case within
my experience that would come within its pro-
visions. 1 leave this objection to the decision
of the Senato upon that rule.
Mr. EVAliTS. It may truly be said, I sup-
pose, Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, that the
question now proposed is not entirely covered
by any previous ruling of the Senate, because
there were circumstanccs in regard to the atti-
tude of the persons between whom and the
President those conferences took place that are
not precisely reproduced here in the relation
of a member of Congress toward the Presi-
dent. But, Senators, you will perceive that
before the controversy arose, and at a time
when, in the President's opinion, there was to
be no controversy, he made this statement in
the course of his proper intercourse with this
member of Congress, thus introduced to him,
concerning his public action. It is applicable
in reference both to the point of why the ap-
pointment of General Thomas was made and
with what limitation of purpose in so appoint-
ing him, and as bearing also upon the question
of whether he was using or justifying force.
May not declarations that are drawn from sup-
posed coadjutors of his. with a view of fixing
upon him the responsibility of the same, be
rebutted by his statements at the same period
in this open and apparently truthful manner,
unconnected with any agitation or any ques-
tions of difficulty or any lis mota f And then
it is important, as bearing upon this precise
fact, that the next day having sent in, as we
have proved, the nomination of Mr. Ewing,
senior, of Ohio, for tlio place of Secretary of
War, to show that that was not a purpose or
an act that was formed after the occasion of
difficulty or after the appearance of danger or
threat to himself; but that at the very moment
that he was performing the act of removing
Mr. Stanton and appointing General Thomas,
and had supposed that it had quietly been
acceded to, he then and there had the purpose
not of making an appointment of General
Thomas that was to hold, which should super-
sede proper action of the Senate; bat at the
very moment, having used this necessary ap-
pointment for the purpose of testing the ques-
tion of the Constitution and of the law, he then
proposed to send to the Senate of the United
States a nomination for the office.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President t
there are one or two new facts now put in, or
pretended facts, upon which this evidence is
pressed. The more material one is that this
was before any controversy arose between tlie
President and Congress upon the subject of
Mr. Stanton. If that were so, then it might
possibly have some color of a shadow Of a
shade of bearing. But had there not been a
controversy going on? Had he not known
that the Senate had restored Mr. Stanton ?
Had he not tried to get him out and had they
not put him back ? Had he not been beseech-
ing and beseeching General Sherman to take
the office weeks, ay, months before, and had
not General Sherman told him, "I cannot
take it without getting into difficulty; there
will be trouble; why mix me, an Army officer,
up in this trouble ?'' And yet the President's
counsel rise here in their place and put this
evidence before you, because it washis declar-
ation before any controversy arose or was
likely to arise!
Another proposition is put in here, and that
is that this must be evidence bccause it was
said to a member of Congress. I am aware
that we have many rights, privileges, and ap-
purtenances belonging to our official position,
but I never was aware before that one of them
was that what was said to us was evidence be-
cause it was said to us by anybody. I have
had a great many things said to me that I
should be very unwilling to have regarded as
evidence. For instance, here is a written
declaration sent to me to-day. "Butler, pre-
pare to meet your God." [Laughter.] "The
avenger is abroad on your track." " Hell is
your portion." [Laughter.] Now, I trust that
is not evidence because it is said to a member
of Congress. And yet it is just as pertinent,
just as competent, in my judgment, as this
declaration. We arc to have these kinds of
declarations made to us by the enemies of the
country, and we are to sit here and admit the
President's declarations in justification of his
conduct, which brings out such a condition of
this country.
I did not mean by any manner of means
when I was up before to suggest that the_ fact
of this being made to a gentleman who is on
the stump would make it more or less compe-
tent; only to show that to far as tho evidence
goes, so far as they choose to put in his pro-
fession, it is utterly outside of this case. 1 do
not think it would make it more or less evi-
dence because it should have been made to a
woman, I was only foreseeing what might
come—quite as probable as this—that some
of tho lady friends—I beg pardon the woman
friends of the President might have gone to
the White House on that day and he might
have told them what his purpose was. It
would bo just as much evidence, in my judg-
ment, as this; and it was only in that view, to
show the innumerableness of the persons to
whom these competent declarations could be
made, that I brought up the illustration which
produced the answer 011 the part of the learned
counsel.
Mr. EVARTS. The lis mota, Mr. Chief
Justice and Senators, so far^ as it has been
alluded to as bringing discredit upon the Presi-
dent's statements is the controversy between
Congress and himself in regard to the removal
of Mr. Stanton. What political differences
there are or may have been between the Presi-
dent and the Houses of Congress, it is of 110
consequeuee to inquire, nor is it of the least
consequence to inquire into the period during
which the suspension of Mr. Stanton had taken
