1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4313
tlie Committee on the Judiciary. It seems to
me that the proper course is to administer the
oath to both the Senators-elect, and then if
the Senator from Michigan has a remonstrance
tending to show that either of them is not
entitled to a seat, let the remonstrance be pre-
sented and referred to the Judiciary Committee
for the purpose of examination; but I cer-
tainly believe that both the Senators should be
sworn in on the credentials presented here,
and then the remonstrance can be referred and
investigated.
Mr. HOWARD, I ask that the protest and
remonstrance of members of the Legislature
be read by the Clerk, so that the Senate may
be in possession of the facts.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me that this
is not the time to read that remonstrance.
Mr. CONNESS. It is very short.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not care how short
it is. These gentlemen come here with prima
facie evidence of their election, and it is our
duty, I think, to let them take the oaths pre-
scribed by the Constitution and the laws, and
if there be any doubt about their right to be
here it can be investigated afterward. Let
them come upon the floor. They are sent here
by a State as sovereign as any other State
represented here, and their election is certi-
fied in the same manner that ours is. How
would the Senator from Michigan have felt if,
when his credentials were presented, some
three or four persons who did not like him
personally out there 111 Michigan had sent a
remonstrance against his taking the oath ? I
know I should have felt indignant if some
fellow in Pennsylvania had made a difficulty
about my right to a seat, and I am sure every
good man here would have stood by me. I
think the right way, and it is the customary
way, is to let the Senators come forward with
their credentials and be sworn in and take their
seats, and if anybody doubts their light we can
then investigate it.
Mr. DRAKE. The course suggested by the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, and, I
believe, by the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut and the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin, is a direct abandonment of the position
the Senate took in the case of Mr. Thomas, of
Maryland. We sent his case to the Committee
011 the Judiciary because there were charges
made against his loyalty, and we had those
charges investigated, and the Senate finally
decided that he should not be permitted to take
the oath of office here, because, in the judg-
ment of the Senate, he could not take it truly.
Now, if I understand this case from South
Carolina, the very same question arises here,
and we are invoked now to pass over the pre-
cedent set by the Senate in the Thomas case
and to admit this gentleman to be sworn and
then go into an investigation of the propriety
of his taking the oath. I think that we should
be consistent in our action, and should do the
same in every case of a like character that we
did in the case of Mr. Thomas.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
am surprised that there should be any objection
to this gentleman. I believe he is a native of
Massachusetts, and a member certainly of the
loyal league in Massachusetts. He went origin-
ally from Nashua, in my State, and, as I under-
stand, is as sound a Republican as there is on
this floor. In 1864 he was in the State, I know,
stumping for the Republican cause and was
sound to the core at that time.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask my honorable friend
whether he is a citizen of Massachusetts or of
South Carolina?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Not now of Massachusetts; he was at one time.
Mr. HOWARD. All I ask in behalf of the
remonstrants is that we shall deal with this
case on the same principles that we applied to
the case of Mr. Thomas, of Maryland. There
the question was whether Mr. Thomas, who
offered himself here, and announced himself,
through his friends, ready to take the oath re-
quired by law should be allowed to take that
oath. Allegations were made against such
allowance; charges were brought against Mr.
Thomas, tending to show that he was disloyal;
that he had actually committed acts of dis-
loyalty, and th'e Senate very properly referred
the whole matter to the Judiciary Committee
under precisely the same instructions which I
ask in the present case.
As the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
objected to the reading of the paper which I
presented, I ask that it may be returned to me,
and I will read it as part of my remarks, unless
it is allowed to be read at the desk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. When the
reading of a paper is objected to, the rules
require that the point shall be decided by the
Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope it will be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the paper be read, which motion is objected
to. The decision of it, by our rules, belongs
to the Senate. The question is whether the
paper shall be read.
The question being put, the reading of the
paper was ordered.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Is there any
objection to the other Senator being admitted
to be sworn in ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. None at
all, and he will be when we dispose of this
question.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suppose he
would have a right to vote on this very ques-
tion ; and I think some statements which he
possibly might make might be material to his
colleague.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the oath may be
administered to Mr. Robertson.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that Mr. Robert-
soil be allowed to take the oath, which is a
privileged question, and takes precedence of
the motion to refer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 the motion made by the Senator
from Kansas, that Mr. Robertson, Senator-
elect, be permitted to take the oath.
Mr. DAVIS. There is objection to both
these gentlemen being admitted to take the
oath. I object myself; and I object upon the
ground that 1 hold in my hand a return in
favor of Benjamin F. Perry as one of the Sen-
ators from the State of South Carolina ; and
I also hold a return in favor of James B.
Campbell as another Senator from the State
of South Carolina.
Several Senators. Their time is out.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no; their time is out
according to the rescripts of the Radical party,
but not according to the Constitution of the
United States. Their terms according to the
Constitution have not expired; but, to be
sure, the Senate may prescribe new terms for
these gentlemen, as these are times of political
innovation. I do not rise to make any pro-
tracted opposition, but merely that the record
may be fairly made up, that it be understood
that there is objection to both or either of these
gentlemen being allowed to be sworn in as
members of the Senate, on the ground that
here is evidence of a better right in favor of
other gentlemen.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. Itis moved
that Mr. Robertson, Senator-elect, be per-
mitted to qualify.
The motion was agreed to; and the oaths
prescribed by law having been administered to
Mr. Robertson, he took his seatin the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The paper,
the reading of which was ordered, will now be
read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows ;
Protest.
The undersigned, members of the senate and
house of representatives of the General Assembly
of South Carolina, and others, citizens of said btate,_
do hereby solemnly protest against the admission of
Frederick A. Sawyer, into the Senate of the United
States, as a Senator from South Carolina; and the
undersigned further declare and aver that lion.
A. G. Mackcy, of Charleston, South Carolina, is
legally and ot right entitled to the seat in the Senate
of the United States now claimed by the said Saw-
yer; and tiie undersigned present the following facts
in support of their allegations, and believing them
to be true they respectfully lequestthat they may be
permitted to sustain them by good and sufficient
evidence before the honorable the Senate of the
United States.
First. It is credibly alleged and believed that the
aforenamed ]?. A. Sawyer was engaged in running or
in aiding and abetting the running of the blockade at
the port of Charleston, South Carolina,, in the years
1862,1863, and a part of the year 1861, and that he
held an office under the rebel authorities in the State
of South Carolina during said period, and was a
member of a military organization in the city of
Charleston in the year 1861, which organization was
in armed hostility to the Government of the United
States.
Second. That at the election held this day for a
United States Senator, for the long term, by the sen-
ate and house (of representatives of the State of
South Carolina, the two eandidateson the final ballot
were the said J?. A. Sawyer and A. 6. Mackey; that
the total vote cast was 110, requiring 75 votes to elect;
and that of the vote so cast the said A. G. Mackey
received 68, and the said Sawyer received 76; ana
your protcstants declare and believe that of the votes
so cast for the said Sawyer were illegal, the per-
sons casting the same having their seats contested
before the senate and house of representatives of said
State for gross frauds in their election, the evidence
in regard to which frauds was and is now being con-
sidered before the committees on elections of said
senate and house; and the names and designations
of said persons so illegally voting are as follows,
to-wit: John Ti. Moore, representative, Anderson
county; John Wilson, representative. Anderson
county; J. H. Eeid, senator. Anderson county; Joel
Foster, Spartansburg; Ciaude A. Turner, represent-
ative, Spartansburg; W. C. Keith, representative,
Anderson; 0. M. Doyle, representative, Anderson.
And your protcstants further declare that the rep-
resentatives from the county of Lancaster and the
senator from said county voted for said Sawyer,
although the major general commanding the second
military district had refused to recognize their elec-
tion by his general order No. 120.
Wherefore your protcstants pray that your honor-
able body will send for persons and papers in order
that the facts heroin stated as currently reported,
and such as are known to us, may be fully proved.
JOHN B. DENNIS,
Representative Charleston county.
J. W. WILLS,
Senator from Edgefield.
EDWARD MICKEY,
Representative, Charleston.
S. SAMUELS,
Representative from Chester.
SAMUEL NUCKLES,
Representative from Union.
WILLIAM WELGEli,
Representative from C'CarenUon.
W. 11. IIOYT,
Senator from Colleton county.
LUCIUS WIMBUSH,
Senator from Chester county.
SAMUEL J. LEE,
Representative.
F. F. MILLEft,
Representative, Georgetown, South Carolina.
HENRY JOHNSON,
Representative from Fairfield,
JOSEPH CREW,
Representative from Laurens county.
Mr. HOWARD. It will be noticed that a
portion of the charges contained ill that paper
are of a grave character. They charge Mr.
Sawyer with having been engaged in running
the blockade, or in aiding and abetting that
transaction, and also charge that he was a
member of a military organization ill Charles-
ton during the years 1862, 18G3, aud 1864,
which was acting in armed hostility against
the United States, and also that he held a civil
office under the rebel Government of South
Carolina. I tliink that if Mr. Sawyer is not
justly amenable to such charges, it is for his
interest particularly that there should be an
investigation; and that his friends here and
elsewhere—and I trust we are all his friends—
may be disabused, by a thorough investigation
of the facts of the case, of the impressions that
that paper has a tendency to create. I really
can make no distinction between such a case
as the present and that of Mr. Thomas, where
we referred the papers with instructions to a
committee to make an investigation and to
send for persons and papers.
I have but one word to say in answer to
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe.] I cannot concede, as he seems to
concede, that the very faot of Mr. Sawyer hav-
ing received a majority of the votes ot the
Legislature of South Carolina is a complete
shield to protect him from all inquiry being
made by the Senate into the facts charged by
that paper, or into the general question of his
ability truthfully to take the oath prescribed
by the act of 1862. We have never adopted
