1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
riot design to join the main trunk, but to locate
in a diff-rent direction?
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps I mav have uttered
it, a little too strongly. They did not disguise
it from me, and I think they did not from any-
body. They published in the newspapers their
reasons for desiring the change.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We never heard it
stated in Congress when the bill was up that
there was any such design.
Mr. HARLAN. The law itself provides
that they mav so locate their road as to form a
connection fifty miles west of Denver?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a connection
with the main trunk there. Now, the idea
that they did not desire at that time to join the
main trunk, but to go off south, is news to
Congress.
Mr. HARLAN. It may be that they never
said in words that that was not their purpose.
I think it was their purpose then to build a
branch road.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They either concealed
it Irom the committee, or else the committee
concealed it from Congress.
Mr. IIARLAN. I was not a member of
Congress at that time. I do not wish anybody
else to be held responsible for any utterance
of mine; 1 only state the facts as they came
to my knowledge, giving my source of inform-
ation ; and if any one will read the law of
' I860,'in connection with a knowledge of the
topography of the country, he must know that
it was the intention not to unite with the main
trunk line ever.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What, then, is that
language put in the law requiring a connec-
tion at a point not over filty miles beyond
Denver?
Mr. HARLAN. A distance of fifty miles
west of Denver puts it west of the Rocky
mountains, and anybody acquainted with the
topography of the country must know that
they never intended to build a branch road
two thirds of the way across the western half
of this continent for the purpose of uniting
with the trunk line Pacific railroad. It was
not a doubtful question to me at least, that the
purpose was from the beginning to build to
Santa K6, and cross down into New Mexico
and Arizona—a work by the way, I think, far
more important to them and to the country
than to build a mere branch road to the city
of Denver, or uniting with the Pacific railroad
west of that point. It would be a reflection
on their own sagacity and their own common
sense to suppose that they ever intended to
build this main line so as to become a mere
branch to the Union Pacific railroad proper.
1 do not see how it is possible that any man
of ordinary intelligence could have been mis-
led by the character of the bill. But, then, if
any one had examined the law carefully, lie
would have seen, as it seems to me, that if
Congress authorized this company to change
the location of its road so as to break up the
connection formed with it by the other com-
panies, they thereby defeated the object of the
law of 18(54. for that was to enable each one
of these companies to invest its money safely,
so that it should not be under the necessity of
losing all the money it had put into the con-
struction of any part of this work if another
company failed, but, might, by adding thereto,
make tlie whole investment profitable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why can they not con-
nect now ?
Mr. HARLAN. It would cost the United
States probably just as much to enable them
to connect with this Santa F6 road as with the
other; but their purpose never was to go to
Santa Fe. Their purpose is that indicated in
the laivs of 1862 and 1834, to build a branch
of the Union Pacific railway directly across
the continent to San Francisco.
Mr. EDM UNDS. Suppose this act of 1806
really tells the truth, as we thought it did when
we passed it, that the eastern division was
going to Denver, or some place near Denver,
what is the practical difficulty in the line you
are speaking for connecting with it now ?
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose it would require
about the same length of load to form a proper
connection with that liue which would be
necessary to form a connection with the main
line.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How far is it from the
end of the one hundred miles to Fort Riley?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not remember.
Mr. RAMSEY. About one hundred and
fifty miles.
Mr. HARLAN. Tf it is one hundred and
fifty miles, it is the same distance provided for
in the pending bill.
Mr. SDMUNDS. If my friend from Min-
nesota, who lives about as far off Fort Riley
as I do, will look at the map I think he will
find it is about four hundred and fifty miles.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 only live four or five hun-
dred miles from it, and the Senator lives as
many thousands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How far would it be
directly west m the line of this present road
before it would hit the route of the eastern
division hut for the act of 1866?
Mr. HAIILAN. I suppose it would not hit
it this side of China. The eastern division
road diverges ofif southwest.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "But for the act of
1806,'' 1 said.
Mr. IIARLAN. I remarked during the Sen-
ator's absencc from his seat, that an examin-
ation of the map would show that it was prac-
ticable to form the connection in one hundred
miles.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But you say you have
built it one hundred miles under the act of
1864. Now, projecting it from there west, how
lar would you have to go before you hit the
eastern division if it had been located under
the act of 1864 ?
Mr. HARLAN. Not an inch ; because the
law, as I read from the text itself, provides
that the President, shall so locate these lines
of road as to form a connection within the
distance specified, and authorizes him to em-
ploy the necessary engineer force in order to
obtain information.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do yon understand that
that means that the distance specified is within
one hundred miles, or east of the one hun-
dredth meridian?
Mr. HARLAN. The "distance specified"
between what, points?
Mr. EDMUNDS. East of the one hun-
dredth meridian. The statute does not mean
that the connection is to be formed within the
one hundred miles, but that they are to have
a subsidy for one hundred miles and form a
connection east of the meridian of longitude
specified, the one hundredth meridian. 1 think
my friend will come to that opinion himself it
he will look at the statute.
Mr. HARLAN. No, Mr. President, the
Senator is as much in error as he was when
he contradicted me when I attempted to cor-
rect him while he was on the tioor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Justabout. I agree with
you as to that.
Mr. HARLAN. I have read the text of the
law itself. 1 will read it again :
"Said railroad through Kansas shall he so located
between the mouth of the Kansas river, as aforesaid,
and the aloi <*.-'<!M point on the one hundredth meri-
dian of longitude"—
That is, the eastern division road shall be so
j located—
I "that the several railroads from Missouri andlown,
1 herein authorized to connect with the samp, can make
connection within the limits prescribed in this act,
provided the ramp can be done without deviation
from the general direction of the whole lino to tho
Pacific coast."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does my friend under-
stand that to mean that all those roads have
got to connect within one hundred miles, or
inside of the one hundredth meridian?
Mr. HAliLAN. No, sir; and the question
itself indicates the want of information of the
Senator. Another clause in this law provides
that a branch railroad, which I have referred
to before, may be built from Sioux City so as
i to form a connection with the main trunk line
i at the one hundredth meridian or east thereof.
The law of 1864 provides that the Burlington
and Missouri River Railroad Company may
bui'id a branch railway from the mouth of the
Platte river westward, so as to form a connec-
tion with one or the other of the«e lines. Then
another clause of the law of 1862 provides that
a branch road may be built, from the city of
Leavenworth to the town of Lawrence ; but on
that line there are no lands or bonds given as
subsidy, and there are no bonds given on the
Burlington branch road.
Here, then, are six branch roads: one going
up the valley ot the Kansas river, now known
as the Eastern Division Railroad Company;
one from the city of Leavenworth to Law-
rence ; the Atchison and Pike's Peak Railroad
Company; the Burlington line; the Omaha
line, and the Sioux City line. Subsidies in
bonds, however, were to be given conditionally
to the Sioux City line, and positively only to
three of these branches, what is now known
as the Omaha branch, the branch west from
Atchison, and the branch up the Kansas river.
So the Senator will see that 1 am not wrong,
and he is. The law was intended to enable
the President to control each of the com-
panies so as to bring their several branch roads
in connection with the main trunk line or with
each other within the limits named.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask my friend
agaiu whether he understands by the language
he read that all these roads which he speaks
of are to have connection within one hundred
miles, or whether the word " limits" means
within the limits of the one hundredth meri-
dian ?
Mr. HARLAN, It cannot mean anything
else than that this Atchison and Pike's Peak
Railroad Company shall liaVe this connection
within one hundred miles, and that the other
branch roads shall have their connection with
the main trunk at the one hundredth meridian,
or with some one of the branch lines at a point
east of the one hundredth meridian.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ilow can my tiiend main-
tain that construction when the very same word
is applied to ail of them, and the very language
of the act is that all these roads shall have an
opportunity to connect with the eastern division
within the limits named. Must you not apply
the word "limits" to all of them alike? Can
he say that as to one of them it means inside
the one hundredth meridian, and as to others
it means within one hundred miles?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir; because as to one
of them the exact number of miles is named
in the law, and as to the others the exact dis-
tance is left to subsequent survey, which will
result from the topography of the country and
the interests of construction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend be kind
enough to read that part of it which relates to
the one hundred miles?
Mr. IIARLAN. I have read it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does it speak of anything
only a subsidy of one hundred miles?
Mr. HAliLAN. That is all, that a subsidy
should be granted for only one hundred miles.
I am sorry my friend did not listen to that part
of my remarks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does not the charter of
the Atchison and Pike's Peak railroad, now
called the central branch,, provide for building
a road from Atchison to Pike's Peak across
the whole Stale of Kansas?
Mr. HAliLAN. That may be so. The
Senator is doubtless quite as well informed on
that subject as 1 am. The charter received
by this company from the State ot Kansas
may authorize them to build a road to Pike's
i Peak, which means, I think, Denver,
i Mr. EDMUNDS. If when that act was
I passed this company was authorized to build
i across the whole State of Kansas, and the law
i said it should have a subsidy lor only one
| hundred miles, how does the Senator reason
1 it out that the word "limits'1 there, when
applied to where it shall make the connection,
reters to the subsidy and not to the distance
provided by the charter ?
Mr. HAliLAN. It seems to me the answer
