1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2265
been exercised and which will always be exer-
cised to the great injury of some individuals for
the benefit of others. My friend from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] suggests to me that in every
case he heard of before two thirds of the prop-
erty owners were, required to petition for the
improvement before anything of that sort was
done.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I desire to suggest that my colleague has
perhaps overlooked what the law is in this
District now. A majority of the owners of
property on any street or part of a street may
require it to be improved by paving and the
necessary grading for the pavement and for
putting down sidewalks. A majority of them
may require it to be done under the law, or the
corporation may do it without any such motion
on the part of the inhabitants. That is the
law now in this District.
Mr. GRIMES. I was not speaking about
the law as it is here; but my side remark to the
Senator from Maine was that in every case I
have heard of except here an application was
required from two thirds or three fourths of
the property holders adjacent to the proposed
improvement before it could be done. I know
it is so in my own State, as I Have an unfor-
tunate recollection of.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Be-
fore my friend from Maine proceeds, I desire
to suggest to him that there is now before the
Committee on the District of Columbia a me-
morial on this subject, which I presented my-
self early in the session, praying for the pas-
sage of a law taking from the city authorities
this right. I was sent here by a gentleman
who happens to own a corner lot, a poor man,
to whom great injustice was done, as he said,
by making him improve on both sides of his lot,
while a rich man, who owned property just by
the side of him, but had a narrow frontage, was
put to but little expense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It operates unequally
in all cases. I have known cases where a poor
person owning a lot of land with a building on
it was absolutely turned out of doors, obliged
to sell her lot for what she could get for it from
absolute inability to meet the burden. If the
law is now as the honorable Senator from Iowa
says it is, it was passed probably in the early
days when a few individuals had everything
their own way at the expense of the public,
and who, for their own particular benefit, were
enabled to use those whom they elected to
office in the city. The result of this system is,
so far as I have noticed, always the same.
There is no constitution applicable to this
city; but a general provision in all our State
constitutions is that taxes shall be equal. Now,
take the improvement of streets ; what are they
for? The streets are not made for the benefit
of the people who build the houses on those
streets and who own the lots along them. A
street is laid out, for the benefit of the public at
large, that they may pass and repass, have
good opportunities for ingress and egress, &c.,
and for the general benefit of the city itself and
the improvement of the property of all the citi-
zens. It may be convenient to grade a partic-
ular street, and it may be attended with very
great expense. It may be proposed to pave
one street instead of another, and what is it
for? Not for the benefit of the adjacent lots,
but because there is a great deal of travel on
that street. Take Pennsylvania avenue, for in-
stance, or any other ; you want to pave it be-
cause there is a vast deal of travel upon it.
When the whole body of citizens use that street
what propriety is there in saying that for pav-
ing it and making it a convenience for the
whole mass of the people you will assess the
expense upon the individuals who happen to
own lots upon that street itself? They are not
the people who derive all the benefit from it.
It is for the benefit of the whole city, and the
whole community should pay for it. Take even
the matter of sidewalks; it was for a longtime
a moot point whether under the provision that
taxes should be equal in our State constitution
a city could, by ordinance, compel the adjacent
owners to pay even half the expense of mak-
ing a sidewalk in front of their premises. With
us it is generally equalized in that way; the
city pays one half and the occupants of the lot
the other half.
A person may own a considerable quantity
of land upon a street in the outskirts of the
city. One individual, or two or three individ-
uals, own a particular lot, and it may be for
their convenience to have a sidewalk, or to
have the street made in a particular way. They
may have influence with the mayor and alder-
men to get it done; while an individual owning
land there, who resides in another part of the
city, may be compelled to pay four fifths or
five sixths of the whole expense of making the
improvement, and be ruined in that way, or
be obliged to sell his property. The whole
system, in my judgment, of putting so much
power into the hands of the officers of muni-
cipal corporations, with regard to the property
of individuals, is very dangerous. It has
worked badly ; it oppresses those who are least
able to bear the burden, and is used not only
for the benefit of the whole city, but often for
the particular benefit of those who are most
able and are most advantaged by it. I am
opposed to the whole principle, and I shall
therefore vote against this amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I do not
wish to embarrass this bill, and I intimated
before that jf this amendment was likely to
delay it I should not press it.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw it. I must appeal to him to do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I happen to know what
the practice of the city authorities of the city
of Washington is; and I know that this prop-
osition is in conformity with the general law.
They exercise the power of laying down pave-
ments, making sewers, and all those improve-
ments, and assess the cost upon the proprie-
tors in the neighborhood. I will state frankly
the reason I have in offering this amendment,
so that the Senate may see that I am only pro-
moting a great object of public usefulness. In
one of the wide streets of this city the property-
owners have been desirous to institute improve-
ments similar to those of Buffalo, Cleveland,
and many of the western cities, by inclosing a
portion of the wide space and ornamenting it
by planting trees, &c. The mayor and city
authorities were anxious to promote it, and the
proprietors were perfectly willing to undergo
the expense ; but there was 110 authority to
authorize it; the authority of the city over the
streets was disputed, and. we were therefore
compelled to apply to Congress; but on account
of the smallness of the matter and the diffi-
culty of getting through a separate bill, although
it was passed by the Senate unanimously, the
proposition finally failed. The proprietors
along that street desire the privilege of inclos-
ing a portion of the street for the public ben-
efit, in the nature of a park, by planting it with
trees. There is no objection on the part of
any one.
As to the general principle of making the
proprietors pay for such improvements, I have
not any doubt of its correctness. No man has
a right to own property unless he is willing to
conform to the general spirit of improvement
going on in his neighborhood. Although par-
ticular cases of hardship may arise, yet no city
can improve and no city can be made great
without considerable power in the local author-
ities. In Paris they have reduced this to a
perfect system ; and if the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Hari.ax,] who now has charge of the
city of Washington, as chairman of die Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, will look to
the municipal regulations of the city of Paris
he will find the most perfect system in the world
for the regulation of improvements. There the
city pays a certain portion of the expense, the
Government of France pays a certain portion,
and the proprietors are divided into classes,
first, second, and third, and perhaps others.
Those directly benefited on the line of the
I improvement pay a certain portion ; those sec-
: ondarily benefited pay a certain portion, arid
ji those incidentally benefited pay a certain per-
il tion of the cost of the improvement. The
whole is arranged admirably, so that whenever
an improvement is made the expense is ad-
justed with a careful regard to the interests and
the rights of property of the various persons
benefited by it. The result has been vast im-
provements in Paris. Avenues have been cut
right through the city, sometimes two or three
miles long. Before the first step is taken there
is a careful survey, an estimate and analysis
of the whole expense of the improvement, a
careful estimate of what each person will be
benefited by it, and then the whole is adjusted
in the way I have stated.
But that is not the law in this country. Here,
according to the law as it now stands, the whole
expense is levied on the adjoining proprietors.
In Ohio we have a general law which requires
the proprietors to pay the expense of these
improvements. In some cases the law requires
a majority of the persons interested along the
line of a street to petition for the improvement.
In other cases the city authorities have the
power to order it without consulting any one;
and in certain cases, where two thirds petition,
the city authorities are required to make the
improvement.
Now, Mr. President, I do not wish to intro-
duce a new principle here ; but I trust that the
Senate will agree to put on this bill so much
as I desire to put on it, and to which I think
there will be no objection ; that is, a provision
authorizing the city authorities to allow the
streets to be improved according to some gen-
eral plan -to be furnished by them, and the ex-
pense to be assessed on the adjoining proprie-
tors. The expense is trifling; it is only car-
rying out the law as it now stands, but extend-
ing the present law to the planting of trees,
authorizing the city authorities to allow trees
to be planted in front of particular squares.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is simply proposed
to allow that to be done I have no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. But to secure it there
must be a general plan, and that plan must
be devised by some one; I suppose by the city
authorities. Then if persons do not conform
to the plan let the expense, which cannot be
much for the character of improvement I
speak of, be assessed 011 the adjoining propri-
etors.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no needof any
general plan. If the people choose to do with-
out it let them do without it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not fair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not fair?
Mr. SHERMAN. Simply because nobody
ought to enjoy property without being willing
to conform to the general character ot the im-
provements that are necessary for public use,
as pavements, &c.
Air. FESSENDEN. It depends entirely on
the character of the people. They may not be
able to do it, and there is the thing; you com-
pel people who are not able to join in these
improvements. It is all very well for a rich
man, who owns a good deal of land and can
afford to contribute money for the improve-
ment of his property; it is a very nice thing
for him; but for a poor man who owns one
house, or for a widow with a parcel of minor
children barely able to get along, having only a
shelter over her head, this system is oppressive
beyond measure.
The Senator talks about the necessity of a
provision of this kind. I happen to live in a
city which people who have been there call the
most beautiful city in the country. It is not a
a very large one. We were full of trees all
over our city ; it was called the "Forest City."
No such thing was ever heard of there as re-
quiring anybody to set out a tree except pub-
lic opinion. Public opinion requires that if
a man builds a house he shall put trees before
it; and he always does, because he wants to
look as well as his neighbor. When we had
our great fire there the loss that was felt really
