208
SUPPLEMENT TO
place, for that certainly was within any view
of the law that can be suggested. I referred,
therefore, as has often been referred, to the
controversy produced by the threat of the House
and its very prompt execution of impeachment;
and that had not, occurred in any point to ask
the President's attention at the moment of this
statement. It was therefore a statement by
him unaffected by any such considerations as
those.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, the Chief
Justice is unable to determine the precise ex-
tent to which the Senate regards its own decis-
ion as applicable. He has understood the
decision to be that, for the purpose of showing
intent, evidence may be given of conversations
with the President at or near the time of the
transaction. It is said that this evidence is dis-
tinguishable from that which has been already
introduced. The Chief Justice is not able to
to distinguish it; but he will submit directly
to the Senate the question whether it is admis-
sible or not.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and were ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 0, nays 37 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, liuclialew, Davis, Dixon,
Doulitslo, Hendricks, McUieuiy, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, M ml Viokers—9.
NAY8—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Conlc-
liug, Conncss, Corbott, Cratfin, Drake, Ferry, iiY.ssen-
dou, Fowler, Frulinghuysen, Grimes, Harlan, How-
ard, Hoive, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill ot Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Pomeioy, itamsey, Ross, Sherman,
Snraitue, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Vim
Winkle, Willoy, Williams, Wilson, ami Yates—37.
WOT VOTING.— jYlos>is. Anthony, Cole, 1'jd-
mumis, Heudeison, Norton, Sautsbury, Suumur, and
Wade—8.
So the Sonata decided the question to lie
iti admissible.
Mr. EVA.UTS. This evid encc being ex-
cluded, we have no other questions to ask of
the witness.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We have none, sir.
Mr. EVARTS. We have reached a point,
Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, at which it
will be convenient to us that we should not be
required to produce more evidence to-day.
Mr. Manager BtJTLER. Mr. President, I
hope upon this movement for delay the Presi-
dent's counsel will be called upon to go on
with their case, and I have only to put to them
the exact thing that, (he Picsident's counsel,
Cox and Mr. Meiriek, used in the, case of
General Thomas before the criminal court of
this District, according to Merrick's testimony.
Tt is always ungracious to object to delay be-
cause i/l the sickness of counsel. We should
have heeu glad to have Mr. Slanbery here, but
these gentlemen present can try this ease.
There are four of 1 hem. When a motion to post-
pone the case of Thomas before Chief Justice
Cartter was made to postpone the ease because
ot (he sickness of Mr. Carpenter, for a single
day, the President's counsel, arguing his case,
trying his case before the court said ''No; a
case iuvohiiig so much of publicadministration
cannot wait for the sickness of counsel." " I
thank thee, Jew, for teaching me that word.''
The President's counsel there well told us
what we ought to do. In the case of Mr.
Thomas the President could not wait for sick
men or sick women. The case mustgo through.
We cannot wait now, on the same ground, for
the sickness of the learned Altorney General;
and why should we? Why should not this Presi-
dent be called upon now to go on? We have
been here lliiity-three working days since the
President actually filed his answer, and we, the
Managers, have u^ed but six days of them, and
the counsel but part of seven. Twenty-one of
them have been given to delays on motion of
the President, and there have been four ad-
journments on the days we have worked earlier
than the usual time of adjournment, in order
to accommodate the President.
Now, the whole legislation of this country
is stopping; the House of Representatives has
to be, day by day, here at your bar. The taxes
of the country cannot be revised because this
trial is in the way. The appropriations for
carrying on the Government cannot be passed
because this trial is in the way. Nothing can
be done, and the whole country waits upon us
and our action, and it is not time now for the
exhibitions of courtesy. Larger, higher, greater
interests are at stake than such questions of
ceremony. Par be it from me not to desire to
be courteous, and not to desire that we should
have our absent and sick friend here to take
part with us ; but the interests of the people
are greater than the interests of any one indi-
vidual. Gentlemen of the Senate, this is the
closing up of a war wherein three hundred
thousand men laid down their lives to save the
country. In one day we sacrificed them by
tens and twenties of thousands on the field of
battle, and shall the country wait now in its
march to safety because of the sickness of one
man and pause for an indefinite time, because
the duration of sickness is always indefinite?
More than that, I have here in my hand tes-
timony of what is going on this day and this
hour in the South.
Mr. CURTIS. We object to the introduc-
tion of any testimony.
Mr. EVARTS. We object to the relevancy
of it here.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The relevancy of
it is this, that while we are waiting for the
Attorney General to getwell, and you are asked
to delay this trial for that reason, numbers of
our fellow-citizens are being murdered day by
day. There is not a man here who does not
know that the moment justice is done on this
great criminal these murders will cease.
Mr. CURTIS rose.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I cannot be inter-
rupted. This is the great fact which stands
here before us, and we are asked " Why stand
ye here idle?" by every true man in the coun-
try. Mr. Chief Justice, in Alabama your
register of bankruptcy, appointed by yourself,
General Spencer, of Tuscaloosa, is driven to-
day from his duties and his home by the Ku-
Klux-Klan, upon fear of Ills life, and I have
the evidence of it lying on our table; and
shall we here delay this trial any longer, under
our responsibility to our countrymen, to our
consciences, and to our God, because of a
question of courtesy ? While we are being cour-
teous the true Union men of the South are
being murdered, and on our heads and on our
skirts is this blood, if we remain any longer
idle.
Again, sir, since you have begun this trial—
T hold the sworn evidence of what I say in my
hand—since the 20th day of February last
and up to the Ith day of this present April—
and no gold had been sold by the Treasury
prior to that time since December 12—$10,800,-
000 of your gold has been sold at a sacrifice to
your Treasury, and by whom? More than one-
half of it, $5,COO,000, by one MeGinnis, whom
the Senate would not permit to hold office, and
over ten thousand dollars in currency, of which
1 have the official evidence here, under the
sworn oalli of the Assistant Treasurer at Now
York, has been paid to him, after the Senate
had refused to have him hold any office and
had rejected him as a minister to Sweden. lie
now takes charge of the sale of your gold by
order of the Executive, as a broker, and we
arc to wait day by day while he puts into Ins
pocket, from the Treasury of the country,
money by the thousands, because this gold is
sold from one and one eighth per cent, to three
per cent, lower than the market rates at differ-
ent dates, as taken from the best tables. The
commissions alone amount to what I have said,
supposing the gold to be sold honestly by this
rejected diplomat.
Worse still, sir ; I have here from the same
source the fact that since the 1st day of Janu-
ary last there have been bought in the city of
New York alone, on behalf of the Treasury,
$27,058,100 of the bonds of the United States,
by men who return them from three eighths,
one half, five eighths to three quarters above
the market price, and since February 20,
$1-1,181,000 worth.
Mr. Manager LOGAN. Below.
Mr. Manager BUTLEB. No ; I mean what
I say, above. I never make mistakes in such
matters. I know what I say. From the 3d of
January to the 28th of January, by such pur-
chases, the price of bonds was run up and the
people were made to pay that difference—run up
from one hundred and four and three quarters
to one hundred and eight per cent., and still the
purchases went on, and they have gone on from
that of February down to the 4th of April,
when the Managers of impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives felt it
their duty to take this testimony of the Assist-
ant Treasurer at New York under oath, and the
result of it I here lay in detail before you ;
[At this point Mr. Manager Butler intro-
duced certain tabular statements of " Salos of
Gold from January 1, 1808, to A pril 4, 1808,
inclusive," and "Purchases of Seven-Thirty
Notes," (see Daily Globe of April 17, 18U8,)
which statements are omitted in this issue of
the proceedings by direction of the Senate sit-
ting for the trial, made at its next meeting, in
these terms:
"Ordered, That such tabular statements be omit-
ted from the proceedings ol'tho trial as published by
rule ot the Senate."
Vide proceedings of Friday, April 17tli.]
Now, I say, for the safety of the finances of
the people, for the progress of the legislation
of the people, for the safety of the true and
loyal men, black and white, in the South who
have periled their lives for four years; yea,
five years ; yea, six years; yea, seven years, in
your behalf for the good of the country, for all
that is dear to any man and patriot, 1 pray
let this trial proceed; let us come to a de-
termination of this issue. If the President, of
the United States goes free and acquit, then
the country must deal with that state of facts
as it arises; but if he, as the House of Repre-
sentatives instructs me, and us I believe, is
guilty; if on his head rests the responsibility;
if from his policy, from his obstruction of the
peace of the country, all this corruption and
all these murders come, in the name of Heaven
let us have an end of them and see to it that
we can sit at least four hours a day to attend
to this the great business of the people.
Sii, it may be supposed here that 1 am mis-
taken as to time wasted; but let us see; let me
give you day and date. The articles of im-
peachment were, presented on March 4. and
the summons was returnable March 1J, at
which time the President, by its terms, was
requested to answer. Delay was given, on his
application for forty days, to the "23d—ten days,
when the answer was liled, and a motion was
made for thirty days' delay, which failed. Then
a motion for a reasonable time after replica-
tion was filed, which was done on the 2Jth.
Time was given, on motion of the President's
counsel, until the 30th—six days. On that day
the Managers opened their case, and proceeded
without delay with their evidence till April 4
—six days. Then, at the request of President's
counsel, adjourned to April 9—five days. Mr.
Curtis opened apart of a day, and asked for
an adjournment till the 10th, wherein we lost
half a day. They continued putting in evi-
dence till the lltli (12th being Sunday) and
13th. Because of sickness, adjourned again
over till Wednesday, 1 1th. Wednesday ad-
journed early, because counsel could go no
further. Thursday, now another motion to
adjourn, because counsel cannot go on. Thirty-
four days since the President filed his answer ;
six days used by the Managers in putting in
their case : parts of seven used by the counsel
for the President, and twenty-one given as
delay to the President on his motion.
I do not speak of all this to complain of the
Senate, but only that you and the country may
see exactly how courteous and how kind you
have been to the criminal and to his counsel.
Yielding to the request of the counsel wdio
opened you lost half a day. Then the open-'
ing consumed parts of two days. On the uext
day they said they were not quite ready to go
