1242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
to go to the rebellion. He tried to dissuade
mm, and his principal argument, according to
his own using, was t.iat the son would get hurt,
the very argument that would send a spirited
young man into the war. The youn<r man did
go there, Thefetherremamsquiet and refuses
to participate u. public affairs until Maryland
'twir t, ^os? in sympathy with the
rebellion, and then he is elected to the Senate,
immediate y after his election he takes the
stand to return thanks to those who had elected
mn > and, by the sworn statement of a reporter,
which is not fully denied and only slightly
qualified by Mr. Thomas, he made a speech in
which he denounced the Union members of
Oongress as traitors, as men who had always
been traitors.
. -Then, taking his whole conduct, from begin-
ning to end, it needs no refinement of reason-
ing to show that this man was from the begin-
ning .unfriendly to this Government; that lie
did give aid and comfort to the enemies there-
of ; that he is not yet friendly to it; that he
110 ^'sPos'ti°n to cooperate in sustaining
this Government. You may talk about toler-
ance of opinion, but I say that there are cer-
tain opinions which the very existence of the
Government denies us the right to tolerate.
y> o cannot tolerate opinions that, if carried
into effect, would destroy the Government
itself. The Government must require of all
who are loyal lo it obedience to its laws, and
it must require those in high places to vindi-
cate the right of the Government to exist. I
would be as tolerant as any one ; but there is
nothing in the case of Maryland now asking
for indulgence or extreme tolerance. They
have not learned to do justice that they may
seek mercy. '1 hey have the iron heel upon
many loyal men to-day. They have not sub-
mitted to the situation.
I say Maryland is not in a position to appeal
to our sympathy. And, although I would not
exclude a man on the ground of' sympathy,
stili the defiant attitude in which his State
appears, and in which he appears immediately
upon his election, are matters to be taken into
consideration; and they warn us to beware
that we do not admit within these walis men
whose education and sentiments will permit
them to contemplate the destruction of this
Government. We must have 110 more con-
spiracies within these walls to let this Union
fall to pieces. If we have 110 right to protect
it in that regard we have no right to exist. We
must be extremely careful so long as there is a
large body of men in this country who can
coolly contemplate the termination of this Gov-
ernment by dissolution, by secession. So long
as they have those sentiments the history of
the pastappeals to us with a thousand trumpet
tongues to beware of these sentiments, to
watch them, not as a matter of punishment
but as a matter of safety. Jf Maryland had
submitted, if Maryland was in full sympathy
with this Government, if nobody believed in
the right of secession, if there was no war j
upon loyalty and justice in the South, if the
war had indeed ended, then we might say that
one man in the Senate can do but little harm;
but while the war is in progress, as it is to-day,
while the ballot-box is denied to the loyal
unless protected by the bayonet, while force is
resorted to throughout this country, while the
nation is still trembling, we must guard jeal-
ously the power of this Government to protect
itself from enemies without, and we must keep
the enemies without.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business. .
Mr. SHERMAN and others. Let us finish
this question.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Why can we not take the
vote to-night ?
Mr. CONNESS. On my motion I wish to
say to the Senate one word. It is evident that
we cannot get a vote to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not? *
Mr. CONNESS. For the reason that there
are Senators to speak. That is a very good I
|l reason, the Senator knows; for there is no
means of bringing a debate to a close until
Senators who desire to speak have been heard.
Mr. SHERMAN". With the consent of my
friend, 1 wish to make one prophecy, that we
shall never get a vote on this question until
after six o'clock in the evening. We shall
have to sit it out at some time, and we may as
well commence to-night.
Mr. CONNI5SS. Jf the Senate will agree
to sit it out, I am in favor of economizing
time and will help to do that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing to do it for
one.
Mr. CONNESS. I apprehend the Senate
will, not do that, and therefore 1 submit the
motion which I have made. 1 have not said
anything on this subject. It may not be of
importance, and probably it is not, that I
should say anything; but I had intended to
submit a lew remarks. If we can get to a vote
to-night, as the matter stands, I will, with
great pleasure, forego saying anything, and
will content myself with my vote and let my
vote explain my reasons. Jf it is the determ-
ination of the Senate to vote to-night by set-
ting out the quesfion, I will agree to that. If
not, I think there are a sufficient number of
Senators who desire to speak upon it, briefly,
perhaps, to justify its postponement until to-
morrow. It was with that view that I made
the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion.is on the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. ANTHONY. I can confirm what the
Senator from California says with regard to
the impossibility of taking a vote to-night. I
know several Senators who intend to address
the Senate on this subject; and if we continue
in session now wo shall only sit here until seven
or eight o'clock, and (hen adjourn without
faking the question. I think we may as well
go into executive session now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thin k we may as well
test the question 011 this motion. It was under-
stood, if anything ever can be said to be
understood in the Senate, that the Senator from
Maryland should have an opportunity, as he
ought to have the right, to close the debate on
this question. He has stated here, over and
over again, that lie had lo leave this Chamber
to go into another tribunal to try a cause. Tie
notified the Senate that he desired to close the
argument. He has made his argument. I do
think that under the circumstances we ought to
take the vole at once, or if other Senators still
desire to speak we ought to close debate to-
night. I shall ask for a division of the Senate
upon this motion, and those who desire to con-
clude this matter to-night can vote against the
motion. 'That will be an indication of the
sense of the Senate. I think myself the debate
will exhaust itself in the course of an hour or
two.
Mr. ANTHONY. I know that there are
several Senators who have left the Chamber
supposing that there would be 110 vote taken
this evening, knowingtbat others wish to speak.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise lo object for one to j
any understanding or to any custom or usage i
such as has been stated by the Senator from j
Ohio, or to any rule giving any one the right !
to close a debate. There is no right here to
either open or close a debate. There is no
right to close the mouth of any Senator. A
Senator who desires to be heard has his privi-
lege to be heard unimpaired. I simply object
to any such understanding as that, either now
or hereafter.
Mr. TIPTON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Nebraska takes precedence.
The question is on that motion.
The question being put, the Senate refused
to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
California that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. HOWE. There probably never was a
man in the Senate who wanted to speak again
as much as I do, [laughter;] but I am willing
to forego that if the Senate will go on and
close this debate and take a vote and get rid
of the question. But if the Senate sees fit to
go into executive session now and throw this
debate over until to-morrow, I wish to give
notice that I am not to be held responsible for
my conduct to-morrow. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENTtempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 12, noes 25.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be the purpose of the
Senate to go on with this discussion this even-
ing I have a further word to say in respect to
the case of Mr. Thomas now before us, and
I suppose I may as well proceed at this time
as any other, if the Senate desires.
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. POMEROY
rose.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Mich-
igan desires to address the Senate and will yield
the floor 1 will move an adjournment. • I did
not know that the Senator wished to address
the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was about to make
the same suggestion.
Mr. CONNESS. I am perfectly willing that
that should be done; but the purpose I had in
view was to say something myself to-morrow in
case the Senate now went into executive session.
I suppose, however, the true interpretation of
the vote just had is that the Senate does not
want to do any executive business to-night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the consent of
the Senator from Michigan I was going to
move an adjournment. I supposed it, how-
ever, to be unnecessary, because it was gener-
ally understood all over the Senate, and not
only the understanding, but was expressed, that
the honorable Senator fiora Maryland was to
close the debate. lie expressed a wish to be
allowed to close the debate, and it was under-
stood to be so.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was so announced by
the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was so understood,
and announced by the Chair: and therefore
this debate springing up after he has finished
is altogether a new thing, and there is no know-
ing to what extent it may go. Usualiv, as a
matter of controversy simply, when a Senator
having particular charge of a thing, has ex-
pressed a wish to close the debate' and has
omitted to speak until the end, it has been
customary to accord to him that privilege, and
nobody has spoken after him. But thc'Senate
has entirely disregarded that in this particular
instance. If, therefore, Senators are disposed
to go on with the debate, I shall move an ad-
journment.
Mr. STEWART. Inasmuch as I am the
Senator who broke over this alleged rule I
must say in the first place that I did not know
there was any such rule, and 1 was not aware
of any such arrangement; and in the second
piace I requested the Senator from Marvland
to allow me to make a personal explanation
beioro he proceeded, which he denied me the
opportunity of doing. For these t wo reasons,
first because I did not know of the arrange-
ment, and second, because I was denied the
°3f fr^king before the Senator
hom Maiyland, I ehumed the right to address
the Senate after he concluded. I should not
have made a speech if I had been allowed to
go. on at the time I asked the privilege of
doing so. 0
*f ^ Ihavoonly to sav that
it lias been always the under.-tanding m the
oenate, and has always, within my ohserva-
lotij been acceded to when a Senator having
charge of an important matter has expressed
a wish to close the debate, to allow him that
privilege by common consent: and it has not
oeen customary under such circumstances for
