2266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
by the people more than any other was the loss
of the trees that had grown up, and which
were destroyed. I thought it a very singular
thing, when I went home and talked about the
suffering and loss in the city, that when I met
a man whose house had been burned down I
found that he did not speak of his house, but
he spoke of his trees. His trouble seemed to
be that he had lost his trees. If you get among
a people who have enterprise and taste for
comfort and beauty they will attend to these
things, and they will not ask other people to
pay the expense of them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the
Senator allow me to put a question to him ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Does not the
Senator believe that it is a favor to the prop-
erty holders to allow them to narrow these
broad streets, and appropriate some portion of
them to grass and the cultivation of trees ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I do not object to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is the
only thing new that is contained in the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Ohio. As I under-
stand, the law now goes even further than he
proposes in his amendment, as was stated by
the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I say, if it does,
it ought to be altered and the power ought to
be taken away if it exists in this city. If the
city has power to grade streets and pave streets
as it pleases, and do what it pleases with them,
and assess the whole expense upon those who
happen to live upon the particular streets, it is
wrong in principle and oppressive in practice.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I only hope
that we shall allow some portion of the streets
to be narrowed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not a question of
allowance. I am perfectly willing to allow the
corporation to do what they please in regard
to narrowing the streets and in regard to set-
ting out trees and in regard to grading streets
and making other improvements which they
deem fit and proper; .but when they have done
it let them assess the expense on the corpora-
tion, to be paid by the people, and not say to
an individual who has not money in his pocket,
because ho happens to live there "You shall
be taxed largely for this, which, in reality, is for
the benefit of the whole." It is not demo-
cratic, it is not consistent with any principle
of justice and right; it is not equal in any sense
of the word. The whole system is an oppress-
ive one. If the law goes as far as the Senator
from Iowa says it does it goes far enough, in
all conscience, and I am not disposed to extend
it. So far as concerns giving nower to the
corporation to narrow streets and set out trees
ana lay out grass in a portion of them, I am
in favor of it; but what I am opposed to is the
proposition that every inan in front of whose
property that is done shall pay the expense of
what the corporation decide to do, he having
no voice in the matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ihavemodified myamend-
ment so as to confine it to carrying out the
simple purpose I had in view, and 1 hope in
this shape it will not be objected to :
And be it further enacted. That tbo mayor, alder-
men, and common council of the city of Washington
are hereby authorized to provide for the planting of
any of tho streets or parts of streets, and they shall
assess tho cost of such improvements upon the lots
adjacent thereto, according to the frontage of such
Jots, to be collected in the mode and manner of col-
lecting other taxes or assessments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the same prin-
ciple. I am perfectly willing to allow them to
do it at the general expense ; but I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the words
"and they shall assess the cost of such im-
provements upon the lots adjacent thereto
according to the frontage of such lots, to be
collected in the mode and manner of collect-
ing other taxes or assessments."
Mr. JOHNSON. I am in favor of striking
out these words; but what will be the effect
of the measure if passed without these words?
Will the city not be at liberty, under the gen-
eral law, to levy the tax upon the proprietors?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are authorized
to set out trees, and, of course, if nothing more
be said, they are to assess the tax upon the
city.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not in the amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we strike out the
last part of it. and simply give them authority
to make the improvements, and they make
them, of course they will have authority to lay
a tax on the city, and they will put it into their
general assessment for city expenses. Then
there is no danger of their laying a burden that
is too heavy. In the other case they might.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the principle con-
tended for by the honorable Senatorfrom Maine
is right. I have observed the operations of the
one for which the honorable member from
Ohio contends in Baltimore and in this city,
and it has, over and over again, almost ruined
many poor persons who were along the line of
the improvement. Under the power to im-
prove they have been improved out of their
property; they have been obliged to sell the
land improved in order to pay the assessment
for the improvement, and it very seldom brought
more than was necessary to pay the expense
of the improvement.
I have seen it illustrated here in regard to
the pavement and in the construction of a sower
along Fourteenth street. A poor widow lady,
owning for life a house at the corner of that
street and the avenue, desiring, so far as that
house was conccrncd, no new pavement and no
new sewer, was assessed for the construction
of a sewer aud the laying down of a pavement
some nine hundred or one thousand dollars.
She was not able to pay it, and I believe she
has been compelled to leave the city. She had
but a life estate in the property, and the tax
was levied upon the tenant in possession. It
operates so over and over again. It is not like
the method to which the honorable member
from Ohio referred as existing in Paris. There
commissioners are appointed by the Govern-
ment, who have no interest whatever in the
improvement. They are directed to make a
very careful examination. It is not left to dis-
cretion. They divide the persons whose prop-
erty is supposed to be improved into classes,
and they levy more upon one class than they
do upon another. One third of the whole
expense of the improvement there is paid out
of the city treasury ; another third out of the
treasury of the Government; so that two thirds
are virtually paid by the Government itself or
by its municipality, and one third is left to be
paid by those whose property is supposed to be
within the range of the improvements. But
here the city councils, who are now chosen by
general franchise, including black aud white,
select Tom, Dick, and Harry to estimate the
effect of the improvements, and they levy a tax
upon whomever they may think proper, with-
out reference to anything except the fact that
they are to raise money enough to pay the
expenses, and it often operates not only to the
loss, but to the ruin of many who are unable
to pay for the improvements.
Mr. IIOWE. I am inclined to think if this
amendment is agreed to the original amend-
ment will be useless, for I take it no city gov
ernment will ever venture to order the embel-
lishment of any particular street at the general
cost of the tax-payers of the city. That would
be an extraordinary enterprise for a city gov-
ernment to enter upon.
I agree to most that the Senatorfrom Maine
has said. I think, however, it should be ac-
cepted with one qualification. I think if a
majority of the owners of property on a street
ask to have any particular improvement made
upon it the city government should make it at
the expense of the whole body of the owners
on that street. That is the usual provision in
cities, I believe. It is said to be the general
provision of law here with reference to the
other kinds of improvement contemplated by
the amendment as first offered by the Senator
from Ohio. Now, if the amendment moved
by the Senator from Maine is not accepted, I
shall move a proviso providing that no such
improvement as is contemplated shall be made
in any street except upon the application of a
majority of the lot owners.
Mr. SHERMAN. Any square.
Mr. HOWE. If squares were contemplated,
be it so. Then it will bring these improve-
ments under the operation of the same law
which, as I now understand, regulates other
improvements in the city.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not the slightest
objection to an amendment declaring that the
improvements should not be made on any par-
ticular square except by the consent or on the
petition of a majority of the persons in inter-
est on that square.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot move my propo-
sition while the amendment of the Senator
from Maine is pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 'The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine to the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HOWE. Now I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio by add-
ing to it this proviso :
Provided, That no such improvement shall.be or-
dered upon any street except upon tho application
of a majority of those owning lots thereupon.
Mr. SHERMAN. These streets are about
two miles long. The Senator ought to confine
it to the portion proposed to be improved.
Mr. HOWE. Of course that would be the
operation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
change his proposition so as to confine it to the
consent of a majority of the property owners
on the portion of the street to be improved. I
do not object to that.
Mr. HOWE. Verywell, letitbe so modified.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin whether his amendment
means a majority in number of the individuals
owning property there, or those owning the
greater part of the property there?
Mr. SHERMAN. The frontage.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not understand that the
amendm ent so reads. I understand it requires
a majority of all the individuals owning prop-
erty, not a majority of interest.
Mr. HOWE. I will modify my amendment
to read in this wise:
Provided, That no such improvement shall be
ordered upon any street except upon the application
of a majority of those owning lots adjacent to the
proposed improvement.
Mr. DRAKE. I think there is a very serious
objection to that. Half a dozen men may own
lots each of twenty-five feet in front, and two
other men may own lots of two hundred and
fifty feet, and just because the number of small
proprietors is the greatest they would be
enabled to carry the thing one way or the other.
It would be an injury to those representing the
greater part of the property.
^r' ^ majority of the frontage.
Mr. HOWE. The proposition ofthe Senator
from Missouri makes property more influential
and more potential than persons. If his idea
prevails, then the one individual who owns
two hundred and fifty feet would control the
half dozen or dozen who own two hundred and
foity feet. Should it be so? I think persons
should prevail, and not property.
Mr. DRAKE. The individual owning the
greatest part of the property is to pay the
greatest part of the expense of the improve-
ment. 1 never have known an instance anv-
wherc where the individuals, the persons, were
to control this thing; but always the amount
of property to be taxed to make the improve-
ment controls it.
Mr. HOWE. That is giving a man an influ-
ence at the polls in proportion to his wealth
m proportion to his property-. '
Mr. DRAKE. Not at the polls. There is
no election under this. It is a matter of neti
tion to the authorities. 1
