THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
through with General Sherman, and you again
adjourned earlier than usual. Then we lost
almost all of Monday in discussing the ques-
tions which were raised. We adjourned early
on Monday, as you remember, atid on the next
day iheie was an adjournment almost imme-
diately after the Senate met, because of the
learned Attorney General. Now, all we ask
is that this case may go on.
If it he said that we are hard 111 our demands
that this trial go on. let ine contrast for a
moment this case with a great State trial _ in
England, at which were present Lord Chief
Jusiice Eyre, Lord Chief Baron McDonald,
Baron Hotham. Mr. Justice Buller, Sir Nash
Grose, Mr. Justice Lawrence, and others of
her mtijesiy's judges in the trial of Thomas
Hardy for treason. There the court sat, from
nine o'clock in the morning until one o'clock
at night, and they thus sat there from Tuesday
until Friday night at one o'clock, and then,
when Mr. Erskme, afterward Lord Chancellor
En-kino, aslied of that court that they would
not cmne in so early hy an hour the next day
because lie was unwell and wanted time, the
com t after argument refused it, and would not
give him even that hour in whicli to reflect upon
his opening which he was to make, and which
occupied nine hours in its delivery, until the
jury asked it, and then they gave him but a
single hour, although he said upon his honor
to tiie court that every night he hud not got to
his hoii^e until between two and three o'clock
in the morning, and he was regularly in court
at nine o'clock on the following morning
That is the way cases of great consequence
are tried in England. That is the way other
courts sit. 1 am not complaining here, Sena-
tors, understand me. I am only contrasting
the delays given, the kindnesses shown, the
courtesies extended in this greatest of all
c.im's, and where the greatest interests aro at
Stake, compaied with every other case ever
tried elsewhere. The Managers are ready, j
We have been ready; at all hazards and sacri-
fices we would be ready. We only ask that
now the counsel for the President shall be
likewise ready, and go on without these ill
terminable delays with which, when the House
began this impeachment, the fiiends of the
Pi esident thei e rose up and threatened. You
will find such threats in the Globe. Mr. James
B.iooks, of New York, said, in substance,
"You can go on with your impeachment, but
f warn you that we will make yon go through
all the forms, and if you go tnrough all the
forms we will keep it going until the end of
Mr. Johnson's term, and it will be fruitless."
Having thus threatened you, Senators, i had
supposed that you would not allow the threat
to be carried out, as it is attempted to be car-
ried out, by these continued delays.
Mr. Pi esident and Senators, I have thus
given you the reasons pressing upon my mind
why this delay should not be had ; and I admit
i h.ive done it with considerable warmth, be-
cause 1 feel warmly. I open 110 mail of mine
that I do not take up an account from the
South of some murder or worse of some
fiiend of the countiy. I want these things to
stop. Many a man whom f have known stand
ing hy my side for the Union I can hear of
now only as laid in the cold grave by the
assassin's hand. Tins has stirred tny feelings,
I admit. I he loss of my friends, the loss to
the country of those who have stood by it, has,
perhaps, veiy much stirred my heait. so that
1 have not. been able with that eoo'.ness with
which judicial proceedings should he car-
l-ted on to address you upon this agonizing
topic. I say nothing of the threats of assassin-
ation made every hour and upon every occa-
sion, even when objection to testimony is made
by the Managers. I say nothing of the threats
made against the lives of the great officers of
the Senate and against the Managers. We
aie all free. There is an old Scotch proverb
in our favor: "The threatened dog a' lives
the longvst.'' We have not the sdglitest fear
of these cowardly menaces: but all these
Supplement—14.
threats, these unseemly libels on our former
government, will go away when this man goes
out of the White House.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I offer the
following order :
Ordered, Thfiton coch day hereafter the Senate,
sittuif? as a court ot impeachment, shall meet at eleven
o'clock a. tn.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a sub-
stitute for that, order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the substitute proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts.
The Secretary read as follows :
That, consicieiing the public interests which suffer
from the delay of this trial, and in pursuance of the
onlcralready adopted to procecd with ail convenient
dispatch, the Sonate wi !l sit from ten o'clock in the
forenoon to six o'clock in the afternoon, with such
brief recess as may bo ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order, whether it is in order to consider these
propositions to-day under the ruling of the
Chair.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. They are not in
order if anvbodv objects.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to their con-
sideration.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. They will go over
until to-morrow.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and
Senators, I am not aware how much of the
address of the honorable Manager is appro-
priate to anything that has proceeded fiom
me. I, at the opening of the court this morn-
ing, stated how we might be situated, and
added that when that, point of time arrived
I should submit the matter to the discretion
of the Senate. I have never heard such a
harangue before in a court of justice; but, I
cannot say that I may not hear it again in this
court. All these delays and the ill conse-
quences seem to press upon the honorable
Managers except at the precise point of time
when some of their mouths are open occupy-
ing your attention with their long harangues.
If yon will look at the reports of the discus-
sions on questions of evidence, as they appear
in the newspapers, while all that we have to
say is embraced within the briefest paragraphs,
long columns are taken up with tiie views of
the learned Managers, and hour after hour is
taken up with debates on the production of our
evidence by these prolonged discussions, and
now twenty minutes by the watch with this
harangue of the honorable Manager about the
Ku-Klux-Klau. I have said what I have said
to the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON'. Mr. President, I should
like to inquire whether the word "harangue"
be in order here?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. So far as I aro
concerned it is of no consequence.
Mr. 1)00LITTLE. Mr. Chief Justice, I
should like to know whether the harangue
itself was in order, not the word?
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I move thai
the Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment,
adjourn.
.Mr. SUMNER. 1 move that the adjourn-
ment be until (en o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not, in order.
The CHIEF J CSTICE. It is not in order.
Tiie motion to adjourn is, under the rule, to
the usual time.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
sitting for the trial of the impeachment,
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Friday, April 17, 18G8.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
pait of the House of Representatives, and the
counsel for the respondent, except Mr. Stan-
bery, appeared and took the seats assigned them
respectively.
The members of the House of Representa-
tives, as in Committee of the Whole, preceded
by Mr. B. B. WashJwrse, chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by the Spwiltet
and Clerk, appeared .ami were conducted to the
seats provided for them.
The ClilliFJ USTJCE. - The Secretary will
read the Journal of yesterday's proceedings: "
Mr. STEWART. I move that the reading
of the Journal he dispensed with.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If there bfe noob-
jection it will beso ordered. The Chair hears
none. It is so ordered. . During the sittiligjsvf
jesterday the Senator' from California [Mr.
Coxxess] offered an order that the Senate, sit-
ting as a court of impeachment, meet hereafter
at eleven o'clock a. m. That will be before
the Senate unless objected to. The Secretary
will read the order.
The Secretary read as follows:
Ordered, That 011 each day hereafter the Sonata,
sitting as a court of impeachment, shall meet at
eleven o'clock a. ru.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts desire to offer his amend-
ment ?
Mr. SUMNER. I did offer it, Mr. Presi-
dent, yesterday.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The amendment
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts will
be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
Strikeout, all after the word "ordered" and in-
sert :
That considering the public interests which suffer
from the delay of this trial, and in pursuance of the
order already iidoptod to proceed with all convenient
dispatch, t'hc Sen.ire will sit from ten o'clock in the
forenoon to six o'clock in tho afternoon, with such
brief recess as may be ordered.
Mr. SUMNEU. On that I should like to
have the yens and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered • and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays oO; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Cameron, Chandler, Cole. Corbett,
Harlan, Morrill of Maine, Pomerov, Ramsey, Stew-
ard Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, and Yates—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthonv, Cnttell. Conned, Davis,
Dixon, Dooiittle, Drake, Keity, Jbt^senden, Fowler*
Frelinghuy^en, Grimes, Ue< ducks, Howard, Howe,
Johnson, Morgan.Morrill of Vermont, Mot-ton. Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Ross, SauHmry. iShormnn, Ti urnbull, Van Winkle,
Vh-kers, Will<jy, William*, and WiK-on—30.
NOT VOTTNG-Mes. i>. Baynrd, Bnckaiew, Conk-
ling, Cragin, J&htmnds, Henderson, MoCreery, Nor-
ton, Nye, Sprague, and Wadc--Jl.
So the amendment was rejected.
The CHIEF J USTJCE, Theqnestion recurs
on the order proposed by the Senator from
California.
Mr. CONNESS, On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COXNESS. Now let it be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Ordered, That on each day hereafter the Senate,
pitting as a court of impeachment, shall meet at
eleven o'clock a. lo.
The question, being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Cameron. Cattcll, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Comics, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Feriy,
Fielinghuysen, Harlan, Howard, }Iowr\ Morgan,
Monill of Maine. Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Stew-
art, Sumner, Tbayor, Tipton, Wiliey, Williams, Wil-
son, and Yates—29.
JS AYS—Anthony, Davis.Dixon, DcoJittle,,
Fowler, Grimes, IIei>rhu-ks, Johnson, PatHiscn of
Tennessee, Ro««, Sauhshury, Tutmbull, Van Winkle,
and Viekers—14.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bayard, Buckulew, Ed-
munds, Fc.^enden, Henderson, MeCreery, Morton,
Norton, Nye, Sprague, and Wade—1L
So the order was adopted.
Mr. FERRY. I send an order to the Chair.
The Clinch' JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the order proposed by the Senator from
Connecticut,
1 lie Secretary read as follows :
Whereas there appear in the proceedings of tho
Senate ot yesterday as imKi-hed in tbeGlobe oftfns
morning rertain t^bo-arrcatement- incorporated in
the remarks oi Mr. M tpager Butler upon the ques-
tion of adjournment, which tabular statements were
