4316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July
expect in such an affidavit ? This affidavit con-
tains as much as is ordinarily contained in an
affidavit to procure a criminal warrant against
a supposed offender. The Senator shakes his
head. 1 am at issue with him. The question
has been decided over and over again by the
most intelligent courts that where an affiant
makes his affidavit for a warrant upon the best
of his knowledge and belief, and as he does
believe, they are always upheld unless there be
some special statute requiring a more specific
statement of his knowledge.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HOWARD. In one moment. This
affidavit contains a specific allegation against
Mr. Sawyer of having been engaged in running
the blockade, and the very counter-affidavit
introduced here to destroy its effect, even as a
matter of fact, admits that he was so engaged.
The affiiants state to us by whom they can
prove and establish the charges which they
bring against Mr. Sawyer. The affidavit tells
us where they live, so that they may be called
at any moment. Could anything more be ex-
pected, in all reason ? I think not. We had
much less evidence before us at the time we
referred the credentials in the case of Mr.
Thomas. In fact, at the time the motion was
made there was no showing against Mr. Thomas
at all, and it was not until some days after that
motion was made that the document to which
the honorable Senator refers, the report of
the Board of Commerce, of New York, was
produced and read to the Senate.
Now, Mr. President, this Mr. A. G. Mackey
was supported by a clear majority of all the
Republicans in the Legislature of South Car-
olina. Nobody doubts that; and it is alleged
in this affidavit that Mackey himself is an im-
portant witness upon the question whether or
not Mr. Sawyer is liable to the charge pre-
ferred against him.
i think, under the circumstances, that we
ought to do 110 less than to refer these papers
and have a careful investigation of the whole
subject made, both on Mr. Sawyer's account
and ou account of the Senate and the country,
if he is falsely accused, if there be no rational
ground for bringing these accusations against
hiui, is it not important to him that his char-
acter should be cleared of these charges? Cer-
tainly it is. If he was guilty of running the
blockade, and thus rendering aid and comfort to
the enemy, we want to know that fact, and the
world wants to know it. If he was actually
guilty of running the blockade, of being inter-
ested in a vessel, as his own friend swears that
he was, which vessel was run through our
blockade and sold at Nassau, and if he after-
ward received a part of the purchase-money of
this vessel and its cargo, tor I suppose it is
intended to include the cargo, then is it not
perfectly clear that he was guilty of an illegal
act? Certainly, I think there can be no doubt
of that.
I have thus, Mr. President, very briefly
endeavored to discharge my duty. I know
nothing against Mr. Sawyer myself personally;
nor would I injure a hair of his head. I hope
most earnestly that these charges against him
are without foundation; but the only way to
ascertain whether they are or not is to make
an inquiry and ascertain the facts.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I must
confess that I am somewhat surprised at this
proceeding before the Senate. The State of
South Carolina-, by its Legislative Assembly,
has elected a Senator, and he comes here with
his credentials in due form, which are pre-
sented to ike Senate, and we proceed to try his
title to his seat in this body upon affidavits
made by one party and by the other as we
would tiythe validity of some preliminary pro-
ceeding in a justice's court. Sir, there ought
to be some principle by which this body is to
be governed in reference to questions of this
nature. I hold the true doctrine to be that
when a Senator-elect produces his credentials
here in due form lie is entitled to take his seat,
and if there be any reason why ho should be
displaced that reason can be subsequently
considered by the proper committee.
All the allegations that are made against the
right of Mr. Sawyer to take his seat in this
body, were no doubt made before the Legisla-
ture of South Carolina, and there considered.
The members of that body, no doubt, were
acquainted with the witnesses who, it is alleged,
can testify to certain facts. No doubt many
of the members of that body had personal
knowledge of the history of Mr. Sawyer during
the rebellion. All these things were legitimate
matters for the consideration of the Legislative
Assembly of the State of South Carolina, as
to whether or not he was a suitable man to
represent that State in the Senate, and when
they decided that he was a proper man in every
respect, and gave him bis credentials, and he
comes here, and is willing to take the oath of
office, I deny the right of the Senate to say that
his ease shall be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and that the State, for an indefi-
nite length of time, shall be deprived of its
right of representation here while that com-
mittee is engaged in the consideration of the
question.
I propose to vote for allowing Mr. Sawyer
to take his seat upon the ground that he has a
right, no matter what allegations may be made
against him by individuals, to take this oath,
if he can conscientiously take it, and occupy
his seat in this body. Suppose this doctrine is
established ; then, whenever a man is elected
to the Senate of the United States some of the
supporters of a disappointed aspirant will find
some reason for objecting to the man who has
been elected. No election occurs anywhere in
any State, I venture to say, where the disap-
pointed party does not find some ground for
objecting to the election. Somebody's seat in
the Legislative Assembly is contested ; some-
thing has been said or done by the successful
candidate that is in the estimation of these
persons illegal or disloyal; and they make up
a statement and send it here to the Senate;
and the right of that State to representation is
suspended until that matter can be considered.
I do not intimate that any such thing is pos-
sible, but it would be in the power of a com-
mittee opposed in politics to the person elected
to withhold any report upon the question for a
great length of time, if they were so disposed,
and in that way the rights of the State might
be prejudiced through the action of a com-
mittee opposed in politics to the man who was
elected.
I therefore wish it to be understood that so
far as I am concerned I make no distinction
between this case and the case of Mr. Thomas.
Allegations were made against his loyalty ;
allegations are made against the loyalty of Mr.
Sawyer; and I maintain that these allegations
may, with propriety, be referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee after this man is allowed to
take his seat; and if there be any law any-
where to displace him on that ground, then
the committee can so report, and his seat will
be vacated ; but until that time it seems to me
he ought to be allowed to take his seat in this
body.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President,, I rise
very reluctantly to make an explanation in
regard to my colleague. In my opinion he is
entirely competent to take the test-oath. The
charges against him are made by a set of men
who are disappointed, by the friends of Dr.
Mackey. In my opinion they are entirely
unfounded. It is within my knowledge that
Mr. Sawyer spoke throughout a large portion
of the State of South Carolina for the ratifica-
tion of our constitution. I heard him myself
on several occasions. He was severe against
the men who opposed reconstruction under
the laws of Congress. His speeches were well
received everywhere by the Republican party.
I am astouished at the opposition that I find
here this morning against my colleague. Sir, 1
if he is not a Republican, I do not know where i
you will go to find one. According to all my ]
information, no better Republican can be found '
on this floor. No one in South Carolina doubts I
Mr. Sawyer's honesty in regard to his taking
the test-oath. This opposition to him is got-
ten up on personal grounds by the friends of
the defeated candidate.
I hope, from these few considerations, that
Senators will vote to allow Mr. Sawyer to take
his seat. He is abundantly able to satisfy any
committee, or any gentleman, of his qualifica-
tion to take the test-oath. I felt it my duty to
make this explanation in behalf of my col-
league.
Mr. DAVIS. The discussion this morning
has still adhered to the modern idea that
"loyalty" and " Republicanism" are syno-
nyms.
Mr. STEWART. That is true.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
Nevada has no doubt of the truth of that pro-
position, because, I suppose, he has not enough
intellect to comprehend the falsehood of it.
[Laughter.] But this is mere playfulness. I
pay all due respect to my friend's intellect. I
acknowledge it. I acknowledge that he is a
lawyer, a man of mind, and that he is a man
of much interest in argument, and often speaks
to my instruction. 1 did not intend him any
discourtesy.
But, sir, we are now engaged in the debate
of a sort of illegitimate interlude in our legis-
lative history. The honorable Senator from
Oregon, as is his wont, has adressed himself
to this subject, as he does to all others, with
the precision of a lawyer, and a good lawyer.
He speaks of trying the title of these gentle-
men to their seats as though the question were
to be decided in a court of justice. If my
honorable friend would pursue his thoughts
and determine in his own mind to test and
decide the question by the principles of the
Constitution and law, his strong sense and his
clear legal knowledge would lead him inevit-
ably to the conclusion that neither of these
gentlemen has any right whatever to a seat.
Being myself firmly impressed with the truth
of this position, I regard this whole affair as
sort of Kilkenny-cat fight, and I could wish,
metaphorically and politically, that it would
have just about the same termination as that
famous encounter. [Laughter.]
I agree with the honorable Senator from
Oregon in part, that in this preliminary inquiry
there are only three propositions for the judg-
ment of the Senate. The first is the qualifica-
tions of the gentleman who claims the senato-
rial seat. Another one, I conceive, is the fact
of an election by the Legislature of the State
of South Carolina. Whenever the inquiry is
so far pursued that you come to an election by
the Legislature of that State, or a body that is
acting as the Legislature of that State, and you
ascertain that they have voted and made an
election, in this preliminary inquiry certainly,
you cannot pursue the matter any further;
and you must, as a matter of right, admit the
party who comes here with his return where it
is shown that the election has taken place in
conformity with the evidence furnished by that
return.
I am very much surprised, though, at the
sensitiveness of gentlemen upon this subject ot
running the blockade or illicit traffic on the
part of one of these gentlemen during the late
troubles. The Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] told us three or four years ugo
that there were Yankees in the southern States
who had recommenced the slave trade, and
were engaged in the renewal of that infamous
traffic, and he invoked the action of the Sen-
ate with a view to arrest it. 1 Was reading a
few days ago the report of the testimony taken
~y a joint committee of Congress, and it was
proved by evidence taken before that commit-
tee, if I recollect aright, that a notorious gen-
eral of the Union Army and his brother, dur-
ing the late war, had been engaged in the city
oi New Orleans in trading with the enemy
beyond the lines. I have been informed upon
authority which 1 cannot doubt, that that same
notorious general, the hero of Big Bethel arid
of Wilmington, while he was in military com-
mand in the neighborhood of iiichmond, was
