2268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
Every Senator, I have no doubt, who has
been interested in the examination of the appli-
ances that have been used in gun-carriages and
in labor-saving machinery as applied to the
fighting and.management of guns, knows that
one of these large guns can be fought with as
small a number of men almost as was employed
in the light caliber guns.
So, sir, I make the assertion, and ask the
contradiction of my friend from Iowa if he can,
and if he can contradict me he will go, in my
judgment, contrary to the accepted opinion of
the day—I say that an effective force of seventy-
five hundred in your Navy as they are applied
to new ordnance, and to engines in place of
wind as a motive power, will be an effective
naval force in this country three times that
which we had before the war.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I suppose
that nearly a full answer to the challenge so
trenchantly made by the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island may be found in this state-
ment of the ease : it is stated, and I suppose
correctly, that the number of ships in com-
mission now does not exceed the number that
were in commission before the war.
Mr. GRIMES. The number of guns afloat
is less than before the war, but the number of
vessels is a little more, though nearly the same.
Mr. CONNESS. The number ofguns is less,
the number of ships about the same. Now,
sir, the ships constituting the Navy at the pres-
ent time are manned by a force of nearly twelve
thousand men. I take it it will liardlv be as-
sumed or stated or asserted by the honorable
Senator last up that any of the ships now afloat
have a larger number of men than is absolutely !
necessary to man them.
Infixing themaximum, ais proposed by this
amendment, at seventy-live hundred men, or
very nearly half the number of men now em-
ployed in the Navy, with no greater number of
ships afloat and not so many guns, 1 do not
know what the Senator contemplates. It
amounts to an abolishment of one half of the
Navy of the United States as at present con-
stituted, unless it be held that the Navy De-
partment employ a larger number of men on
each ship than is necessary to man or to fight
it. _ I take it there is found in this statement,
which the Senator can scarcely contradict, a
full answer to his challenge.
Mr. GRIMES. There is some truth in the
idea suggested by the Senator from Hliode
Island, and a good deal of error. In the first
place, let me say to him that there is not a fif-
teen-inch gun afloat.
Mr. SPliAGUE. I did not assert that
to-day.
Mr. GRIMES. And I do not think there is
a thirteen-inch gun afloat.
Mr. COLE. I think the Senator from Iowa
must bo mistaken. I understand that is the
caliber of the guns of the monitors.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly; but they are not
afloat, they are in the harbor all tied up. We
are speaking now of vessels that are cruising
upon foreign stations. These large guns on a
monitor, when controlled and manipulated by
au engine below them, do not require a larger
number of men than a nine-inch gun, I admit;
but, if you transfer that gun to a sailing vessel
that is not managed by an engine peculiar to
itself, then, instead of having eight men to that
gun you must have twenty-six men, and the
number of men to handle your gun increases
where you have not an engine to manage it,
exactly in proportion to the size and caliber of
your gun. Does it seem unreasonable to the
Senatorlrom Rhode Island that itshouldbeso?
I admit, further, that steam is a much morS*
efficient propelling power than the wind, and
if we felt justified in allowing our vessels to
steam all the time it would not be necessary
for us to employ as many men as we think
are necessary, because if we steamed all the
time we could take down a great deal of the
top hamper of the vessel; but if you did that
you would only entail additional expense on
the Government by the use of coal. There-
fore it has been thought advisable by all Gov-
ernments—not only„our own, but all others—
that naval vessels should have tlieir_fnll com-
plement of men lor sailing, and that in making
ordinary cruises and on ordinary occasions
they should sail only, and thus save the expen-
diture of millions of dollars that would other-
wise be used up in the purchase of coal. But,
at the same time, it is necessary to have a cer-
tain complement of firemen and coal-heavers
on board of your vessel, so that if an emergency
arises, if a dispatch shall be sent across the
ocean to the commander to repair at once to
Japan or to Siam, or to any particular point
where a national vessel is required to protect
American interests, he can go there with the
utmost celerity, and then he is authorized to
use his propelling power of steam.
Now, sir, as I have accurate information
to-day ou the subject of the number of vessels
that have at different times been afloat and that
are afloat now, let me state what is the actual
condition of affairs as furnished in a letter by
the Secretary of the Navy addressed to the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
of the House of Representatives.
In 1858, when our complement of men was
authorized to be eighty-five hundred, but ac-
cording to the Senator from New York was
only seventy-six hundred actually, the num-
ber of our vessels was twenty-eight afloat as
cruisers. The number of guns they carried
was six hundred and seventeen; and their
tonage was thirty-seven thousand eight hundred
and ninety-seven. All those who have paid
any attention to the Navy know that at that
time nearly all of these vessels were large sail-
ing sloops and frigates, and that they were not
as etlicient as the steam vessels ; they could
not penetrate many of the waters that our ves-
sels now run in. In 1859 the number of ves-
sels was thirty-three, of guns six hundred and
fifty-four, and the tonnage forty thousand eight
hundred and seventy-three. In 1860 the num-
ber of vessels was forty-four, of guns six hun-
dred and sixty-four, and the tonnage forty-
seven thousand two hundred and eighty. In
1801, at the beginning of the war, the number
of vessels was thirty-eight, the number of guns
was live hundred and forty-one, and the amount
of tonnage was forty-two thousand seven hun-
dred and thirty-eight.
In 1868, at the beginning of this year, the
number of vessels was fifty-three, the number
of guns four hundred and ninety-seven, and
the amount of tonnage fifty-eight thousand five
hundred and twenty-five. In other words, we
have fifty-three vessels in 1808 in January,
against forty-four vessels in 1800. We had in
January of this year four hundred and ninety-
seven guns afloat, and wo had in 1800 six hun-
dred and sixty-four, or nearly two hundred
more guns than we have now. We have now
fifty-eight thousand five hundred and twenty-
five tons of tonnage, and we had then forty-
seven thousand two hundred and eighty. Now,
let not the conclusion be drawn from the fact
that we have two hundred guns less afloat
now than we had in 1800, that our guns are
larger now and much more efficient, for that
is hardly the case. It was the thirteen and
the fifteen inch guns that were introduced dur-
ing the war ; the nine and the eleven inch guns
were the guns of the Navy long prior to the
war; and of eight-inch, nine-inch, and eleven-
inch guns we had nearly two hundred more
afloat in 1800 than we have to-day. We have
now, it is true, several more vessels ; but the
tonnage has not increased in proportion, and
the guns are diminished. The vessels are small,
and as I have already told the Senate, they
now penetrate waters that it was never thought
we should penetrate with a vessel of war, all
through the streams of China and Japan, and
among the Eastern islands. The Secretary of
the Navy says:
" Included in the fifty-three vessels noted as in the
squadron service upon the 1st of January last aie
six store and hospital vessels, besides the Mahaska,
which can never again go to sea, and is used as a
guard and living ship for ollicers and men in charge
ofiron-clads at New Orleans; also, tho.Yan tie, which
has been detained for months above the bar at Tam-
pico, so that the effective naval force was actually 1
forty-five vessels, four hundred and fifty-one guns,
and fifty-one thousand eight hundred and seventy-
six tonnage. AU of the cruising vessels are steamers,
though most of them can and do move with sails
when speed or the circumstances of the ease do not
require steam. Xbe expense of keeping the squad-
rons in commission is greater now than when nearly
all the ships were sailing vessels, for fuel has become
a large item of expenditure, and incidentally the
depreciation of our currency adds largely to the ex-
pense, thereby necessarily increasing the estimates."
Another reason why there is necessarily a
considerable increase in the number of men,
grows out of the fact that the war has left us
in a peculiar condition. We are now com-
pelled to employ one hundred and thirty-nine
men to take care of the iron-clad and other
vessels which are in our hands and which we
are attempting to sell at New Orleans. We
employ three hundred and seventeen men
on vessels that are now in ordinary; vessels
that are laid up; that we cannot dispose of;
that we must keep ; that we must preserve;
and that may at some future time be useful.
There was no necessity for such men before
the war. Then there are on the Tonawanda,
another iron-clad at the Naval Academy,
eighteen men, making in all four hundred and
seventy-four. The Tonowanda is used for
various purposes, and among others, I be-
lieve, for a powder magazine. There are, then,
four hundred and seventy-four men used for
such purposes.
Now, Mr. President, let me say a word in
regard to the enormous expense that is sup-
posed to be incurred. A gentleman spoke to
me to-day inquiring whether or not it was a
fact that it cost as much to support a man in
the Navy as it did in the Army ; and because
it has been said that it cost one thousand or
eleven hundred dollars a year to support a man
in the Army, the inference was drawn that it
cost just as much to support a man in the
Navy. I have taken the trouble to investigate
that subject a little to-day. In order to make
out the amount of one thousand or eleven
hundred dollars expended annually on a man
in the Army it is necessary to add together all
the appropriations made for the support of the
Army, and then to divide that aggregate by
the number of men in the Army. That aggre-
gate includes the expense of the transporta-
tion of the quartermaster's department, the
commissary stores, the surgeon general's de-
partment, and all the officers of the Army.
Now, sir, suppose that a thousand men be
divided equally into seamen, ordinary seamen,
and landsmen. That would not be the propor-
tion, because there would be a greater num-
ber of landsmen than of seamen or ordinary
seamen; but suppose they be equally divided,
what would be the expense ? Y ou would have
three hundred and thirty-three seamen whose
pay is twenty dollars a month, amounting to
$0,660 ; you would have three hundred and
thirty-three ordinary seamen at sixteen dollars
a month, amounting to $5,828 a month; and
you would have three hundred and thirty-three
landsmen whose monthly pay would be $0,003,
making the aggregate monthly pay of the whole
nine hundred and ninety-nine men §1.5.031
which, multiplied by twelve, makes a sum total
of then annual pay $18;,812. Then their ra-
oSl!?Ant ""rty cents a day would amount to
$3,600 a month. It must be remembered that
a sailor is compelled to pay for his clothing out
ot Ins pay. 1 he only additional expense these
thousand sailors can be to the Government
possibly under any circumstances, will be the
medicines that will be used in curing them if
they get sick, and the expense they mav i>" to
the Government when they are sent to hospital.
It must be remembered, however, that when
t.iey are sent there they are supported with
lunds taken out of their own pay, savin." and
excepting the amount we pay for offiei-ils
nurses, and attendants. Thus it appears that
tnc whole expense incident, to one thousand
men, which everybody in the Navy deems to
be necessary, would only amount to abouttwo
hundred thousand dollars a year.
Mr. President, I believe I have attemnted
state the ease as fairly as I possibly could f
