3292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
and risk their money in tlie road, then in order
to ascertain the wealth of the company yon
mast put down the value of the road completed
with the rolling stock and equipment, and
deduct from that value the liabilities, and these
bonds are a class of those liabilities, must be
paid by the company, and, in the end, after the
road shall have been completed, the more tliey
owe, whether to the Government or to private
parlies, the worse they will be off as a matter
of course.
Mr. CilAGlN. Will the Senator allow me
to suggest, a question?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. CRAGIN. It is whether the wealth of
tins company and its ability to pay its bonds
to the Government aud to individuals does not
depend largely upon whether it is enabled to
make connection with the main trunk, and
thereby make its property valuable and be
enabled to do business?
Mr. lIA.ltLAN. Certainly, Mr. President,
that is obvious to everyone. If it would be
to-the advantage of the company itself, it
would be to the interest of the holders of the
company's bonds and the holders of the United
States bonds or the parties issuing the United
Stales bonds. If the company's property would
be worth more per cent, alter investing more
money and forming this connection, then the
pvobabilites would be increased Unit the Gov-
ernment \fOuld lose nothing in the end.
Mr. President, I am soiry to have detained
the Senate so long in attempting to present
my understanding of this question. I would
not have done so had it not been for my fail-
ure to apprehend the force and pertinency of
much that was said by the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, when
this bill was first discussed this session my
opinion and prejudices were both against, it;
but. I was requested to examine the law, aud
I thought it was but just that I should do so.
I luive examined it as well as I have had the
time to do ; and the more I have examined,
the more I have heard it discussed, the more
my first impressions have been staggered. I
will not say that I have yet to eotne to a
definite conclusion that I must vote for the
bill, but I atn very strongly inclined in that
direction, and I will express the view's 1 now
entertain about it, enide as they may be.
In the first place, I cannot avoid this consid-
eration as one of policy, that this company now
holds or is entitled to receive upon the. con-
struction of one hundred miles §1,000,000 of
the bonds of the United State*. The safety
of Ibis Government in its loan of credit to this
company will depend upon the value of the
work.
The road has now a terminus upon the Mis-
souri river and one out m the wilderness.
Having such termini, any Senator can see that
its work cannot be of any great value. It must
have so me connection ; as every Senator knows,
the value of a railroad depends upon its con-
nections. To make the road a security suffi-
cient and ample for the advance made by the
Government, for its $1,000,000 advance, some
value must be given to it by securing to it
another terminus. We all know that the
security is notnow. I think it is proper for me
to consider that in my decision upon the bill.
It is also. I think, proper for me to consider,
as a representative from Indiana, that the
southern part of that State and its great rail-
road enterprises are interested in the southern
branch of the Pacific railroad. If our only
connection with this road is by Chicago, then
we have to go, in order to reach it, from the
latitude of Indianapolis, one hundred miles,
while if we have a road constructed from
Atchison so as to connect on the one hun-
dredth meridian with the great road, then we
are almost on a parallel. Our main roads
through Indiana running westward would con-
nect with the roads in the latitude of St. Louis,
and thus give us connection with this road and
a connection with the great Pacific road with-
out taking a circuit of one hundred miles to
the north to reach the Omaha branch. So
that it is proper, as a representative of the
State of Indiana, that I should consider that
fact, which I regard as important.
If I had been a member of Congress in 1802
I have no thought that I should have voted for
the Pacific railroad plan. When I was in the
House of Representatives, ten or twelve years
ago, I expressed my views upon the subject.
I thought, there ought to be one main road
running from St. Louis to San Francisco, a
central road for the Union, and let private
enterprise make the other connections. But
I find this plan upon the statute-book, and it
is only for me now to inquire what are the
legal propositions growing out of the law.
First, it is apparent that this was intended
to be an entire system, the main road from the
one hundredth meridian westward to the east-
ern line of California, with a branch from the
mouth of the Kansas river to connect at the
one hundredth degree of longitude, with a
branch from Atchison to connect with that
road. And this was an entire enterprise, one
entire road, although constructed by different
companies. It was regarded as an entire work,
so that if any one of the companies should fail
in the construction of its road the entire work
should be forfeited. If it was a system and a
plan surely it was intended that there should
be connections; surely it was not intended that
this particular road running westward from
Atchison should be a part of the Pacific rail-
road plan and yet have no connections with
that road.
Such, in my judgment, is the fair construc-
tion of the legislation of 1802. And what is
the express provision upon the subject? It. is
that the road from the moulh of the Kansas
river shall be exlended to connect with (he
great road at the one hundredth meridian ; and
there is one feature of that provision to which
1 wish to call the attention of Senators. The
location oi the whole of that road was not left
to the discretion and judgment o( the company,
but when yon get. out toacettain point it is
I hen placed under the control of the President
of the United Stales, and ) believe that in that
respect, this particular road is different from
any other portion of the Pacific railroad plan.
'"The route in Kansas west of (he meridian at
Fort Itiley, to the aforesaid point on the one
hundredth meridian of longitude, to be subject
to the approval of the President of the United
States, and to be determined by him on actual
survey.'' I ask Senators why that provision
in regard to that particular part of the route is
found in the law. Is it, not that the President
of the United Stales shall protect this Atchison
branch in its connection? because the pro-
vision I have jusf read follows what I will now
read :
"Aud sanl railroad through ICantas shall be so
located between the inuuth ot -ho Kansas river as
jifore^aid, aiiil the f'jre-- ■>i,1 point on the one hun-
dredth meridian of longitude, that the several rsul-
toads from Missouri and Iowa, herein authorized to
connect with the same, e.in make connection within
the limits prer-eribed in this net, providerl the same
can be done withrut deviating Irom the general
direction of the whoie fine to the Pacific coast "
What, do these provisions amount to? That
the road from the mouth of the Kansas river
to the one hundredth degree shall be so lo-
cated that the road fiom Atchison, running
westward, may make a connection with it, and
to make that entirely secure and not to leave
it to the discretion and judgment, of the com-
pany, the President of the United States shall
control it upon actual survey. Is it not very
plain that it was the purpose of the act of 1862
to secure to this Atchison road a suitable con-
nection at a point supposed to be about one
hundred miles west from Atchison?
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator -would
point out where lie finds the evidence in that,
act, the act of 1862, that the Atchison road
was to connect with what we now know as the
eastern divi-ion road at all, anywhere. What
evidence is found m the act of 1862 that it was
intended that the Atchison branch should con-
nect with the Kansas city branch?
Mr. HENDRICKS, "it was not absolutely
so. The Atchison branch had a discretion to
connect with the Omaha 1'tte, but that was leit
to the judgment of the company itself, aovv,
I will read to the Senate what I think is tne
provision of the law mid give to it the con-
struction that 1 think is proper:
" That the Hannibal and St. Joseph Kailroad Com-
pany of Missouri may extend its roads froinbt. Jos-
eph, via Atchison, to couuoct and unite witu tue
road through Kansas."
That, is the eastern division, as the Senator
calls it. This Hannibal and St. Joseph com-
panv may connect it with the road Uirougii
Kansas. The road through Kansas is the one
that had one terminus at the mouth ot tne
Kansas river and the other at the one hun-
dredth meridian of longitude. I will read this
again:
"That the Ilnnnibal and St. Joseph Railroad Com-
pany of Misiouri may cxtoud its roads from at.
Joseph via Atchison, to connect and units Willi tlie
road through Kansas, upon filing its assent to the
provisions of this act, upon the same terms and con-
ditions m all respects, for one hundred miles in
length next to the Missouri l iver, as are proviueu m
this act lbr the eonsti uction of the railroad and tele-
graph hnefirst mentioned, and in ay for this purpose
uso any raifroad charter which has been or may be
granted by the Legislature of Kansas."
Now, I will ask the Senator from Wisconsin
to give his attention to the language that 13
here used. The Hannibal and St. Joseph
Railroad Company may extend its road ; not
may make a departure in a southwestern direc-
tion, so as to connect with the Atchison road,
if it should take a southwestern direction, but
it is authorized to extend its road. The Han-
nibal and St. Joseph road is an eastern and
western road, running almost upon a parallel
of latitude. An extension of that road would
be a western road. Then we have this provis-
ion that the Hannibal and St. Joseph road
may be extended from Atchison until it shall
connect with the road running through Kansas.
Where shall it connect? At such point as an
extension will intersect the Kansas road. Tak-
ing the Ilnrteentb section of the act of 1802,
in connection with the provisions of the ninth
section of Ihe act of 1802, and it amounts to
this: the TIannibal and St. Joseph road may
be extended westward from Atchison until it
shall connect with the road running through
Kansas, and in order to secure that result the
road running through Kansas from the raouth
of the Kansas river to the one hundredth de-
gree of longitude shall be so located as to allow
that connection ; and, to make that entirely
clear, the President of the United States shall
have the control of that part of it from Fort
Itiley to the one hundredth meridian, and he
shall decide upon it after actual survey.
Mr. HOWE. Now, I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Indiana, as I am not familiar with
the geography of that country, if the President
should undertake to locate the line west of the
meridian of Fort Riley, so as to enable the
Atchison branch to connect with it within
one hundred miles of Atchison, if he would
not have to deflect considerably east of that
meridian?
Mr. HENDHICKS. I do not understand
the question.
Mr. HOWE. The question is this: if the
President had undertaken to locate the Kansas
branch trom a point west of the meridian of
lort Kiley, in such a way as to enable the
Atchison branch to connect with it. and to
connect within one hundred miles from Atchi-
son, would not that location have been neces-
sarily deflected very much to the east.; in other
words, is not Fort Riley west of a point one
hundred miles from Atchison?
Mr. IIKNDRICKS. I cannot, answer that
question, for I have never measured it, nor
never observed the measurement made bv any
body else. The Senator from Kansas, looking
to the map, says that it would not be much
more than fifty miles from Atchison to a line
running north and south from Fort Riley.
^ Mr. HOWE. Fort Riley is near the junc-
tion of the Republican and Smoky Hill Forks,
is it not?
Mr, HENDERSON. No, sir.
