1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
124#
circular from New York, which I send up to
him.
The Clerk read as follows:
New Yore, January 8,1867.
Sir: The undersigned, appointed under the above
resolution, beg leave to submit the same to you and
to solicit your advocacy of a bill, now in the hands
of the Committoe on Invalid Pensions of the House
of Representatives, " granting pensions to the officers
and soldiers of the war with Great Britain of 1812 to
1814, and their widows."
The claims of those soldiers are so eloquently set
forth in the report accompanying the bill that the
undersigned would not venture to add a word, but
that having participated in that struggle, and having,
from natural sympathy, watched the subsequent fate
of their brethernin arms, they deem it proper to state
facts in relation to them which should impart addi-
tional force to these claims upon a grateful and prosw"
perous country, and to which prosperity, they may
be allowed to add, the services here alluded to have,
in their opinion, greatly contributed. It must be
remembered that the largest proportion of these men
were, at the time ol their being called upon to defend
their country and to sustain the honor of her flag, in
comfortable circumstances, pursuing the various arts
of agriculture, manufactures, mechanics, and com-
merce, and were transferred to all exposures and
dangers of the camp and the garrison under mere
nominal pay, and without a provision either of arms
or clothing. How well their duties were performed
let the battles of Queenstown, of Bridgcwater, of the
Thames, of New Orleans, of T,unrly Lane, and other
fields, respond. At least ninety-five per cent, of
those who did not fall in battle have been summoned
to another world in the regular course of nature,
many from the operation 0f wounds and diseases
entailed upon them Dy their patriotic services, leav-
ing to their widows and children no other legacy than
that of poverty and suffering.
Many of our surviving brethren are now experi-
encing the same miseries. Some of them are living
in garrets, subsisting on the cold charity of friends
and neighbors. Some are dependent on their chil-
dren, who in many cases are unable to support them,
and someare now inmates of our alms-houses, eating
the pauper's food. These are facts which our own
eyes have witnessed, and are daily witnessing.
It must be kept in mind that no man now living
who shared in theso events can be short of three score
and twelve years, while many greatly exceed that
age, and of course, if now in dependent circum-
stances, can hope for no beneficial change except
through this act of national faith and public justice.
Mr. MILLER. I also hold iti my hands
resolutions from the State of Wisconsin asking
Congress to pension these soldiers, and various
letters from all parts of the United States, with
which I will not take up the time of the House,
but will say that the language they contain
ought to soften the hardest heart.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the whole number of
those we propose to pension amounted at the
time of the war to two hundred and fifty-five
thousand one hundred and forty seven. It is
not probable that more than one twentieth of
these men are now surviving and in needy cir-
cumstances. Suppose there are one-twentieth
of them. Then twelve thousand six hundred
and fifty-seven at ninety-six dollars, would
amount to $1,224,072. Suppose it will reach
one tenth, not at all probable, that would
amount to $2,449,344. I do not think there
can be more of these men surviving in needy
circumstances than one twentieth, who will
come under the provisions of this pension law,
and if that be so, it will amount to little more
than one million dollars per annum, and of
course lessen each year, as they are rapidly
passing into eternity.
Sir, can we not afford that? When we can
vote twenty per cent, additional compensation
to our Government employes, which amounted
to over a million dollars, cannot we pay this
pension to our soldiers who now survive and
come up here and ask us for this relief, saying
they want a crust of bread from the nation
which they defended in the time of its extrem-
ity? Shall we, the Congress of this great Re-
public, turn a deaf ear to thcirprayers ? In the
revolutionary war we had three million popu-
lation, of which a half million were slaves. In
the war of 1812 we had a population of eight
million, and then about five hundred thousand
men, from all classes and eonditions of life,
turned out to defend the country against one
of the most powerful nations of the eafth. In
1868 we have a population of about thirty-seven
million. We have a country with resources
unparalleled in history. The question is shall
this be postponed? Shall we not pass it now?
I know it may be said by some of our friends
on this floor we'-cannot afford it; that we must
have retrenchment. Retrench where ? Upon
these defenders of the country, when we can give
railroad corporations Government bonds to the
amount of $60,000,000, besides millions of
acres of land? I see by the last report of the
Pacific Railroad Company that is the amount
we have given to it. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] says we have given
$90,000,000 to all these railroads. I referred
to one railroad. We can vote millions to keep
inhabitants in the late rebellious States from
starving, and as high as $25,000 in one year to
support the destitute of this city, and a large
sum of money to have the grandeur of the nation
represented at the great French Exposition, so
that it ill becomes us as a nation to say we can-
not feed our destitute soldiers in their old age.
The only thing I do not like about the bill
is that it does not go far enough; it has not
provided for those who served less than three
months and the pooT and desolate widows of
our veterans; but in order that something
should be done the committee have agreed to
go this far. There is not one of these men who
is not over seventy-five years of age; many of
them are over eighty. According to the rate of
longevity adopted by insurance companies,
we cannot expect them to live longer than five
or six years further. In a very few years they
will trouble Congress no longer, (if a trouble
it can be called,) and then we will hear no
more of economy on their account.
It is said if we give to these soldiers, these
survivors of the war of 1812, then we ought to
pension those of the war of 1801. If, fifty-six
years after this war, the survivors come here
and. ask for relief, I have no doubt Congress
will give them a pension. If they do not they
are not worthy of their sires, nor of the great
Republic transmitted to them. And now the
question is, shall these old men who are in
poverty, some of them inmates of alms-houses,
have the small pittance proposed by this bill?
Why, Mr. Speaker, I think it would be a re-
proach to this nation, if not bring a curse
upon us, if we should refuse this paltry sum to
these defenders of the country, and I hardly
think there is a member of the House who will
record his vote against the bill. If there is I
shall look upon it as a sad calamity, and one that
the historian will make sore comments about.
I now yield to the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Loai?.]
Mr. LOAN. After the very eloquent and, I
may say, conclusive remarks of the gentleman
from Peansylvania, [Mr. Miller,] it is per-
haps unnecessary for me to add anything in
behalf of this measure. There are some sixty
or seventy special applications now before the
committee for pensions on the ground of infirm-
ity or indigence or something of that sort. To
report these bills in detail would require a vast
amount of labor of the committee and would
take a great deal of the time of the House.
Therefore the committee thought it would be
better, for the purpose of covering all these
cases, to report a general bill restricting its
operation to persons who are dependent upon
others for support. Having reported such a
bill, I am not willing to believe there is a mem-
ber on this floor who will refuse to grant the
mere pittance of $100 to a soldier of the war
of 1812 who, by reason of age or infirmity, is un-
able to support himself and is dependent upon
the charity of others for a bare sustenance.
We have passed bills of a like character
giving thousands of dollars in this direction,
and that almost without question. But here
comes before us the case of soldiers who fought
the battles of the Republic fifty-six or fifty-
seven years ago, and who are now unable to
support themselves, dragging out a miserable
existence at the close of their lives, dependent
upon the charity of others for support. They
now make this appeal to the generosity of their
country to sustain them in the last days of their
existence. If there is a man here who has the
heart to refuse this appeal let him vote in the
negative on this bill: but I will not insult the
intelligence of the Souse by supposing that
such a one is here.
Mr. MILLER. I yield to nay colleague on
the committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
wish to offer an amendment to the bill by
striking out of the last .section the words
'' which sum shall constitute a valid charge
upon the first payment after the issuance of tlje
certificate." The object of this amendment
every member of the House will see. As the
bill now reads it places this pension in the
hands of the claim agent and gives him the
first claim upon the payment. By striking out
the words indicated you simply authorize the
agent to make his charge against the applicant
of ten dollars.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to know of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Miller] when he proposes to close this
discussion. I wish to say to the House that it
involves an appropriation of nearly one hun-
dred and seventy-two million dollars. I have
the statement here in a report of a committee
on this subject, and I desir# an opportunity to
discuss the matter, particularly as a sort of
challenge has been thrown out by my friend
from Missouri [Mr.-Loan] that no man here
dare oppose this bill—a bill which has been
opposed successfully for the last twenty years
and has never yet passed Congress. I desire
to know of the gentleman who reported thi3
bill, [Mr. Miller,] and who has exhibited
such earnestness and patriotism in this matter,
if he will give us a little time to discuss this
bill.
Mr. MILLER. I will yield after the pre-
vious question is seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
want that. I hope it will not be seconded.
Mr. O'NEILL. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] to read that por-
tion of the report to which he refers, which
states that the $172,000,000 is the aggregate
of the pensions to all the soldiers. It is not
the aggregate of the amount to be paid under
this bill, which applies especially to the indi-
gent soldiers of the war of 1812.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hare
read it.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 49, noes 35; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Miller and Scofield.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 61, noes 49.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fr®m Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Miller,] who reported thebill,
is entitled to the floor for one hour to close the
debate.
Mr. LOAN. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania if he will yield me a moment to make
an explanation.
Mr. MILLER. Certainly.
Mr. BAKER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri, who is a member of the
committee reporting this bill, what amount of
expense will be involved under the operation
of this bill?
Mr. LOAN. It would be utterly impossible
to tell precisely; but I have no hesitancy in
saying, from all the information that has been
•accessible to the committoe, that it cannot give
pensions to exceeding twenty thousand per-
sons, which, at $100 each, would not exceed
$2,000,000 a year. And that statement of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washbcrxe] is
so absurdly incorrect upon its face that it is
gerfeetly amazing that any gentleman in this
touse could be induced to make such a state-
ment to the House as a member of it. If he
understands the number of men that were en-
gaged in the service during the war of 1812,
and will make any kind of estimate of the
number of those persons probably living after
a period of from fifty-three to fifty-seven years,
he will find that by no estimate ever adopted
by any one of the period of human life could
there possibly exist more than twenty thousand
persons at this day whS could have any claim
under this bill.
