1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4317
engaged in carrying on an illicit traffic with
the enemy across the lines: and I have no
more doubt of the truth of that charge than
that X am now addressing the Senate; and I
have no doubt that if the Senate would give
a fair, independent, vigilant committee, who
would investigate the whole truth of the charge
against this notorious general, they would
establish that charge in hundreds of instances.
Why, then, are Senators so sensitive in rela-
tion to blockade running and trading with the
enemy when it is imputed against one of the
claimants of a seat in the Senate from the
State of South Carolina?
My honorable friend, the Senator from New
Hampshire, in giving us a short sketch of this
gentleman, his life and character, spoke of
him in such equivocal terms as related to his
residence, that I was induced to inquire
whether now he was a resident of South Caro-
lina or of Massachusetts ? My honorable friend
assures me that at this present writing he is a
resident of the State of South Carolina. But
the proofs and affidavits in this ease disclose
these facts: during the war andforsomeyears
of the war this gentleman had a sort of dual
residence ; he was alternating between Charles-
ton and Massachusetts. In Charleston he was
engaged as the superintendent of public schools
or held some office connected with the educa-
tional interests of that city. In addition to
that, he had taken shares in a blockade run-
ner. I suppose no gentleman who has heard
the evidence read doubts that he was con-
cerned in blockade running, and received a
portion of the profits. In the exercise of the
full right of his dual residence he vibrates
between Charleston and Massachusetts, and in
the last presidential election we see him figur-
ing, as a resident of the State of Massachu-
setts, in favor of the late lamented President
of the United States, who was then a candi-
date for reelection.
Does the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, who based a resolution some years
ago in the Senate upon the fact that the Yan-
kee traders in the South had reopened the
slave trade, expect that these keen trading
men can go to the South, in war or in peace,
and have an opportunity of entering into block-
ade running enterprises, and making large
profits, and can find it in their natures to re-
frain from participating in such remunerative
traffic? Tt may not be so ; but I cannot doubt
that this gentleman, who wants now to take a
seat in the Senate, and be qualified as a mem-
ber of the Senate, was concerned in blockade
running during the late war. But when there
are so many illustrious examples of the same
character in Congress and out of Congress, in
the House and out of the House, it seems to
me it is a little too particular for Senators to
take exception to this case. They might as
well swallow this as other cases that have been
swallowed.
But whether they choose to do so or not, I
agree with the legal, constitutional position
assumed by Senators in relation to this sub-
ject, and especially by the Senator from Ore-
gon, that a matter of that kind cannot be in-
quired into on the preliminary question whether
a man who has the proper legal returns of
eleetion to the Senate from a State shall take
liis seat or not. Whether it.will be subse-
quently inquired into with a view to action of
the Senate, which should result in the expul-
sion of the Senator, is a question upon which
1 venture no opinion ; but it is wholly irregular
and incompetent to enter upon that inquiry at
this time. If I had not come to the conclu-
sion that neither of these Senators was entitled
to a seat I would unquestionably say that the
present applicant ought to be admitted, and
ought to be allowed to take the oath and his
seat on the floor of the Senate ; but I believe
they arc both interlopers ; that neither of them
has any right whatever to a seat; and that the
time will come when both of them, will be ex-
pelled if they are both admitted.
Mr. CONNBSS. 1 only rise to say that I
think it is time this habit of denouncing a dis-
tinguished member of the other House of Con-
giess had ceased here. My friend from Ken-
tucky might have discussed this question with-
out indulging in those reflections upon the
character of that gentleman. I do think it is
not within the rules to do so; and certainly it
is not within the rules of good taste. Whether
General Butler gained laurels at Big Bethel
or Wilmington or not, it is true that in the
estimation of the loyal people of this country
he did win laurels in support of the nation
against those who attacked it. It is true that
he did that to such an extent as to secure for
himself the constant and persistent attacks of
those who are and were rebels; and I am very
sorry to find the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky indulging with them in these denuncia-
tions upon every occasion that he has an op-
portunity. If he would even divide his time,
and indulge a portion of the tiijie in denuncia-
tions of Wade Hampton and Forrest, and other
rebels who violated the laws of war as well as
attacked their country, it might have some
show of fairness, to say the least of it; but
this seeking every opportunity to attack men
who, it must be said, did the most they could
for their country in its greatest need, is hardly
in good taste.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
California is a most perfect pink of all the
courtesies of life. He had better pull the
beam out of his own eye before he attempts to
pluck the mote out of mine. How often and
to what extent and to what degree of virulence
and grossness does he indulge in denunciations
of the President of the United States? Sir, I
have indulged in no invective against General
Butleii. I have only stated facts. I have often
stated those facts in the Senate, and I have
often professed my willingness and readiness
and desire to make them good if a committee
was allowed me. I repeat the proposition.
Let the honorable Senator and his friends who
constitute the majority, if they want those
reflections upon General Botleii investigated
and brought to the truth of evidence, allow an
independent committee. I proposed that three
or four years ago again ana again, and it was
always and perseveringly withheld. I do not
acknowledge the right of the honorable Sen-
ator, and X do not intend to allow him, deliber-
ately to lecture me here. I give him now to
understand that. I have indulged in no op-
probrious language against General Butleii; I
have referred to facts that were dishonorable,
degrading, disgraceful in the highest degree to
the man and to the service of the country, and
I offeied to make them good and I will make
them good whenever this Senate will give me
a committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer these documents
to the Committee on the Judiciary with power
to send for persons and papers to investigate
them.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have said noth-
ing on this question if the yeas and nays had
not been called for, and I should not vote as
I shall feel compelled to vote if this were a
new question in the Senate. But it has been
presented here a number of tunes, and the
Senate has taken action in these cases, and I
think we ought to pursue a consistent course
in regard to them. We ought not to decide one
way to-day and differently to-morrow. I regret
very much to give any vote that will bring this
matter before the Committee on the Judiciary ;
for if there is any thankless business a mem-
ber of this body has to perform, it is that con-
nected with the investigation of the right of
members to their seats.
But, Mr. President, we have acted upon
cases, it seems to me, analogous in every res-
pect to the one under consideration. I cannot
see the distinction between this case and that
of Mr. Thomas, of Maryland. Mr. Thomas
was elected by the State of Maryland a Sena-
tor, and came here with credentials properly
certified. He was the choice of that State.
Maryland had a right to elect a Senator, had a
right to choose whom she thought proper as
her Senator, so that he possessed the qualifica-
tions required by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. Nobody denied that Mr. Thomas
possessed all those qualifications; but it was
alleged that he had been disloyal, and in con-
sequence of those allegations a motion was
made to refer his credentials to the Committee
on the Judiciary. The matter was discussed
in this body. It was not decided hastily and
informally, but quite a protracted discussion
took place, and at the close of it the creden-
tials were referred to that committee, and an
investigation took place, which resulted, as all
know, in a decision by the Senate that Mr.
Thomas was not entitled to a seat, and he
never was sworn in as a member of the body.
Now, sir, there are presented here the cre-
dentials of a gentleman from South Carolina,
a State which is entitled to representation in
this body, the choice of that State as her rep-
resentative, the gentleman possessing, as did
Mr. Thomas, so far as I understand, all the
qualifications required by the Constitution of
the United States for membership upon this
floor ; but it is alleged that this gentleman has
been engaged in giving aid aud comfort to the
enemy, and a motion is made to refer his cre-
dentials to the Committee on the Judiciary. I
cannot distinguish this case from the other.
Certainly hero is enough to raise the question
upon. It is quite as strong acase, in my opin-
ion, as that presented against Mr. Thomas in
the first instance. Here are statements, backed
by affidavits, making distinct allegations. Al-
though as a new question I should feel disposed
to allow this gentleman to be sworn in the first
instance and investigate the case afterward,
yet the Senate, having adopted the other prac-
tice in other cases, I shall feel constrained to
vote to refer these credentials to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORTON. I simply desire to say a
word in explanation of the vote I shall give.
I voted to refer the case of Mr. Thomas to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I did that because
I believed that a charge of disloyalty, a.charge
which showed that he could not honestly take
the iron-clad oath, ought to be investigated
before he was allowed to take it; that a charge
of disloyalty ought to be investigated before the
person entered the Senate, that after he come
in it would be too late. I shall vote for the
sake of being consistent, and believing that the
principle is right, to refer these credentials to
the committee, not because I do not believe
Mr. Sawyer is not entitled to admission here—
from what I have heard I am prepossessed in
his favor—but I believe the Senate ought to be
consistent. I want to be consistent myself. I
believe that whenever there is a serious charge
of disloyalty preferred, going to show that the
applicant for admission cannot honestly take
the iron-clad oath, that charge ought to be
investigated in advance, and not wait until the
person is upon the floor of the Senate and
clothed with the power of a Senator. This is
what the Senate decided before, and it is what
I think it ought to decide now, to be consistent.
Mr. DRAKE. There 18 one very strong
reason why the Senate should be consistent,
and that is, that the majoiity of this body
should not lay itself open to the charge of
sending the credentials of a Democratic Sena-
tor to the committee, and then refuse to send
the credentials of a Republican Senator there,
against whom the same charges are made. Sir,
if it is right to do it in one case it is right to
do it in another. It would be, in my opinion,
unworthy of a Senate containing so large a
j majority of Republicans as this does to send
| the case of Mr. Thomas to the Judiciary Com-
! mittee without an affidavit, as I believe was
the case, of any kind charging him with any
oftense, when he was a Democrat, and tlie
same Senate refuse to send the case now e
fore us to the same committee when a ega
tions are made upon oatli with regard to the
! past acts of the individual.
i Mr. XXO'iV'Xi. X conecire that there may bo
