124,6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
But that is not all. This bill only -provides
for those who are so indigent as to be entirely
dependent upon others for their support. Tie
estimate to which the gentleman from Illinois
has referred is one that was made by a former
member of the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
It includes all the probable, survivors and all
widows of soldiers,and sailors, and then it
makes an estimate of the probable time they
will live in the fulpre.- There is no back pen-
sion provided for in this bill. The pension is
to commence from the time the application is
made., . .
Mr. WASHBIJRNE, of Illinois. Will tie.
gentleman allow me a moment?
-Mr. LOAN. ■ I yield for a question.
.Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We see,
Mr. Speaker,- the result of enforcing upon the
Ho.use the call for the previcrus question with-
out beijjg enabled to examine into the matter
before it. , ,,
Mr.-LOAN. I yielded to the gentleman for
a,question, and nofca speech.
, Mr, WASHBUliNE, of Illinois. One mo-
mentf the gentleman may have an hour, and
I hope .he will not.cut,me short. . The gentle-
man froiip Pennsylvania [Mr., Miller] intro-
duced this bill 011 the same subject for which a
bill was introduced atjjie last session of Con-
gress. The bill,when you come to examine it,
differs in some material respects from the bill
which was introduced a year ago. The Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions of the last Con-
gress, when the bill similar to this was intro-
duced, made a report to this House, and I tried
to get the attention of the House to that report,
which, I believe, was adopted by the House;
at any rate, the House never passed the bill,
which .was introduced by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. J who now has
.charge of this bill.
Mr. LOAN. As I hold the floor by the
courtesy of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Miller,] 1 cannot yield to the gentleman
from Illinois for a speech. If he wishes to
propound a question to me I will yield to him.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman certainly does not wish to prevent the
House from having the information, which is
in this, report, upon which my statement was
based. ,;I referred to: that .report, believing
that this bill was substantially the same as the
bill of last year, .and I said that it would in-
volve an expenditure of $172,000,000. I fol-
lowed the estimate which was made by the
chairman of the committee who made the re-
port and who is now before me, [Mr. Pekham.]
That report was got up on the fullest exam-
ination. The whole number of oSicers, sol-
diers, and sailors who would be entitled to
pensions under that bill was one hundred
and fifty thousand; the annual expenditu/e
$14,400,000: the aggregate expenditure for
an average of twelve years—the time the com-
mittee estimated these soldiers would probably
live—was $172,800,000. I was not making
this statement myself: I was making it from
an official document which I believed applied
to the present bill. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Loan] says that this bill does not
go as far as the bill upon which this report was
made. If it does not, I would like to have the
committee make a report showing to the House
how much money we shall be voting away when
we pass this bill.
One word more. The estimated expense of
agents is §1,200,000, the extra expense for
Pension Bureau$1,500,U00, makingaltogetlier,
according to this estimate, $175,500,000; and
the amount that would have been due in April,
1867, if we had passed that bill, would have
been the sum of $28,800,000.
Mr. LOAN. The gentleman has answered
his own statement, and has shown that it was
well calculated to deceive this House when it
was thrust upon them in the manner ifc was.
Mr. WASHBUliNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman -give, hia own figures and state m
detail the difference- between the two bills ?
Mr. LOAN. I ,ha?e fiiven the figures once
already. I say that under no circumstances
under this, bill can the expenditure exceed
$2,000,000 per annum. I cannot tell how
much less it will be, for I do not know how
many of these men may be able to support'
themselves. This bill .excludes from the oper-
ation,of its provisions all those who are able
to support themselves, all those who sustained
in any way the late rebellion——
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman point out
the provision of this bill which excludes all
those who are able to support themselves?
.Mr. LOAN. I will, if there is any doubt
about it. At the close of the first section of
•the bill the gentleman will find a clause to the
effect that those to receive the benefits of this
bill are to be persons "who are in circum-
stances which render them dependent on others
for support."
Mr. PAINE. And now will the gentleman
allow me to ask him one more question?
Mr. LOAN. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. I am disposed to vote for this
bill, and I wisli to have the House clearly
understand its provisions. I would ask the
gentleman if it was the purpose of the com-
mittee to pay these survivors of the war of
1812 from and after the date of the passage of
this bill or from some earlier period Y
Mr. LOAN. From and after the date of the
application made under this bill.
Mr. PAINE. Is there any objection on the
part of the committee to make that clear and
definite in this bill?
Mr. LOAN. None whatever, if you can
make it any clearer than it now is. But the
general pension law fixes the time when the pen-
sion shall commence, if there is no particular
time fix^d in the bill. We specify no time in
this bill, but leave it dependent upon the date
of the application under the general pension
law. A man may not be in dependent circum-
stances to-day, but he may become dependent
hereafter, and if so, he will have the right
then to make application for a pension under
this bill.
Now, I desire to say in a few words to _ this
House that it is a matter of perfect indiffer-
ence to me what action the House may take
upon this bill. They have referred to the
committee, of which I have the honor to be the
chairman, some sixty or seventy applications
based upon this idea. I was not willing to go
to the record and search the muster-rolls and
see if the services there claimed were rendered,
and ascertain other facts, which duty belongs
rather to the executive department. Nor was
I willing to throw upon this House the amount
of labor necessary to examine each case in
detail.
Now, if those soldiers, who are in depend-
ent circumstances, are not entitled to the gen-
erosity of the Republic, are not worthy to re-
ceive the poor pittance of a few dollars to
smooth their pathway to the grave, then let
the House say so and I will be content. I
will comply with the order of the House if
they will make it and report adversely upon
all these applications. We exclude from the
benefits of this bill all widows of the soldiers
and sailors of the war of 1812 who were in-
cluded in the other bill, we exclude all who
favored the late rebellion, and we exclude all
who can support themselves. Wc have thus
brought the matter down to the narrowest pos-
sible limits by which aid can be granted to
those soldiers. Now, if it is the judgment of
this House that the soldiers and sailors of the
war of 1812 have no .claim upon the bounty or
gratitude of this Government I will yield to it,
though I think the action of the House in that
particular would be wrong. But if they think
otherwise, then I say they cannot get a more
restricted bill, individual or otherwise, than
the one now under consideration.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Millek] yield to me for a
few minutes?
Mr. MILLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
of this bill; and, like the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Loan,] I have beea somewhat sur-
prised at the remarks of my colleague [Mr.
Washbukxe, of Illinois] in reference to the
amount of expenditure which the passage of
the bill would involve. The report which has
been read to the House was made by the Com
mittee on Invalid Pensions when it was pro-
posed to pass a- bill pensioning not only the
soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812, but their
widows.and orphans, thus proposing a much
larger number of pensions than those contem-
plated by this bill. That bill was defeated.
According to an estimate made at that time by
the Interior Department, and reported to this
House by the Committee on Pensions, it ap-
peared that an expenditure of $172,000,000
would be necessary to carry out the provisions
of that bill-—not that that amount would be
necessary to pay the pensions for one year, but
that it would require that amount to pay the
pensions to the soldiers, sailors, and officers,
their widows and orphans, provided that all
then surviving should live twelve years after
the passage of the bill.
Mr. PEKHAM. The gentleman will allow
me to correct him. That calculation was .based
on the supposition that the average duration
of their lives should be twelve years; not that
all should live for that period.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well. The calculation
was based on the estimate that the average
life of all the officers, soldiers, and sailors,
all the widows and orphans, would reach; after
the passage of the bill, twelve years; and it
was estimated that there were one hundred
and fifty thousand of those classes then living.
And thus the aggregate of $172,000,000 wa8
reached. Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask any candid
man on this floor whether that is a fair state-
ment to be adduced in this House in opposi-
tion to this bill? What does this bill provide?
It provides that the soldiers and sailors of the
war of 1812, not their widows or orphans, shall
be entitled to pensions, if they prove, under
regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary
of the Interior, that they are in destitute cir-
cumstances. Thus it appears that this bill is
as different from the one with reference to
which that report was made as day is from
night. There is a vast difference in the rela-
tive amount of expenditure.
From the best data that we can get there
are very few of the soldiers of 1812 now sur-
viving. The survivors must average seventy
or seventy-five years of age. Forty-eight years,
I believe, after the close of the revolutionary
war pensions were granted to the soldiers who
had defended the country m that war. A pen-
sion was granted to each and every one of the
soldiers then surviving. Why was it granted?
Not because it took but a small sum,of money
out of the Treasury. I ask gentlemen of the
House to rcflect for one moment upon the prin-
ciple on which we grant a pension to a soldier.
In granting pensions do we vote with reference
to the amount of money, small or large, that
the payment of the pensions will take? No,
sir ; we pass such acts upon the principle that
the soldier has done his duty to his country,
and that the country is under an obligation to
provide for him for the remainder of his life,
if he needs such provisisn. When we grant
pensions to wounded soldiers we do not in-
quire how many wounded soldiers there are
and how much money it will take to provide a
pension for all of them. We do not determine
the question upon any such considerations.
We vote pensions because we believe that a
man who, in defending his country, has met the
shock of battle and lias thus received wounds
deserves the gratitude of his country and is
entitled to its protecting care in his declining
years.
I say, then, in reference to this bill, that the
men for whom it is intended to provide are
entitled to pensions. Why? Not because they
are few or because they are many, but because
they defended the liberties of this country at a
time when their defense was needed. These
men are now old, and they need the protection
and succor of the country. They ask the Con-
gress of the United States to give them a small
