212.
SUPPLEMENT TO
Answer. I could hardly answer that, ques-
tion. I was not tlipre to see.
Question. You said you could see on to the
balcony, but you were not certain that -.you
could see him. You might have sc68J#fih.an
occurrence as that. . t
Answer. I did not.
Question. You did not see. Can you tell
whether it was so or not from your own knowl-
edge?
Answer. I should think if I could not see it
I could not tell.
Question. I only wanted to make certain
upon that point.
Answer. Well, sir, I am positive on that
point.
Question. You have no knowledge on the
subject. Who was on the balcony beside him ?
Answer. I suppose the balcony will hold
perhaps two hundred people. There was a
good many people on there; I could not tell
how many.
Question, (rive me some one of the two hun-
dred, if you know anybody who was there?
Answer. I think Mr. Howe was there. My
recollection is that the President walked out
with Mr. Howe.
Question. Was General Frank Blair there at
any time?
Answer. I have no recollection of it if he
was.
Question. Did the President afterward make
a speech at the banquet ?
Answer. A short one.
Question. Was the crowd a noisy and boister-
ous one after awhile?
Answer. I heard a good deal of noise from
the crowd from where I stood—1 stood inside—
or where I was moving about, for I was not
standing still a great portion of the time.
GKOEOi: Knapp sworn and examined.
By Mr. Curtis :
Question. What is your full name?
Answer. George lvnapp.
Question. Where do you reside?
Answer. St. Louis.
Question. What is your business?
Answer. I am one of the publishers and
proprietors of the Missouri Republican.
^Qifeption. Were you in St. Louis at the time
the President' visited that city in the summer
of ISOfi?
Answer. I was. *
Question. Were you present at the Southern
Hotel before Mr. Johnson went out to make a
speech to the people ?
Answer. 1 was.
" Question. Were you in the room whore the
President was?
'Answer. I was.
Question. .Please state what occurred be-
tween the President and citizens, or the com-
mittor of citizens, in respect to his going out
to niake a speech?
, AnThe crowd on the outside had called
repeatedly for th.e President, and some con-
versation ensued between those present. I
thinii I .recollect Captain Able and Captain
Taylor an3 myself at any rate were together.
Tlhe crowd continued io call. Probably some
one suggested, I think I suggested, that he
o,ug^t to go out. Some further conversation
occurred, I think, between him and Captain
Able 
(ton. Jfhe.gentleman who has just left
. mwer.. t 4rj.' Captain Barton Able,
an,$ji| tjiink I ',S9jd 16 Mm that he ought to go
out and show himself,to. th£ peo.ple and say a
iksygfQ$<ls  t sm^.r^te. "He sf.emed reluctant
to' go ou),,.and,,-yfe. yalked,<wt together. He
v|^lke^,QuJ oivjJie baXqony, and wb walked out
5 i||i*ia't4, ftnd-.ie commenced addressing the
assembled multitude as it ^eem^ed.
t^e character', of the
J? jWls.jiik large crops'dj' a,l$rge num'bar
i< ,me/uvft, I4onpt^iii k I looked at the crowd,
1 do not think I got far enough on the balcony
to look on the magnitude of the crowd. I think
1 stood back some distance.
Question. About what number of people
I were on the balcony itself?
\ Answer. 1 suppose there were probably iif-
| teen or twenty ; theie may have been twenty-
live.
Question. Could you hear the cries from the
crowd ?
Answer. I could not.
Question. What was the character of the
proceedings so far as the crowd was concerned ?
Ansicer. Well, I do not recollect distinctly.
My impressions are that occasional or repeated
questions were apparently put to 1 he President,
but I do not now exactly recollect what they
were.
Question.. Was the crowd orderly or other-
wise, so far as you could hear?
Ansuvr. At times it seemed to be somewhat
disoidorly ; but of that I am not very sure.
Cioss-exaiuined by Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. Did you go on to the balcony at
aH'!
Answer. Yes, sir: T stepped out. It is a
wide balcony ; it is probably twelve or fifteen
feet ; it covers the whale of the side wall. I
stepped out. I think I was probably only two
or thiee feet back of the President part of the
time while lie was speaking. Then there are
a number of doors or windows leading out to
this balcony. You could stand in these win-
dows or doors and hear every word that was
said.
Question. Did you listen to the speech so as
to hear every word that was said?
Answer. I am not sure that 1 stayed during
the whole time. I listened pretty attentively
to the speech while I stood there, but whether
1 stood there during the whole time or not I
do not now recollect.
Question. You told us there were from fif-
teen to twenty persons, if 1 understood you
aright, on the balcony?
Answer. That is my impression. I am not
certain about that, because I did not pay any
attention to the number.
Question, llow many would the balcony hold?
Answer. I suppose the balcony would hold
one hundred.
Question. Then it was not at all crowded on
the balcony?
Answer. I do notrecollect. I say about that
whether it was or not. 1 did not charge my
mind with it, nor do I now recollect. The par-
lors were full. There was a crowd there wait-
ing to go into the banquet, audi think it is very
likely that a largo number of them crowded on
the balcony to hear the speech. Whether it
was crowded or not I do not recollect.
Question. Who were present at the time so as
to remember distinctly when he said he would
not be overawed by his friends or bullied by his
enemies. Do you remember that phrase?
Answer. I do not recollect it.
Question. This confusion in thecrowd some-
times prevented his going on, did it not?
Answer. I think it likely; but in that I must
only draw from my present impression. I do
not recollect.
Question. Did you hear him say anything
about "Judas,'' do you remember?
Answer. No, sir; I do not recollect.
Question. You do not recollect that about
Judas? Did you hear him say anything about
John Bull, and about attending to him after a
while?
Answer. I have no recollection as to the
points of the speech.
. Question- Theq, so far as you know, all you
know that would be of advantage to us here is
that you were present when some of the citi-
zens asked the President to go outandanswer
the 04 !!s of the crowd?
Answer. Yes; some citizens then present in
the parlor asked hiin.
Questtin. While the banquet was waiting?
At what time was the banquet to take place?
Answer. 1 think it was to take place at eight
o'clock.
Question. What, time had this got to be?
Answer. I do not recollect that.
Question. Was it not very near eight o'clock
at that time?
Answer. 1 think when the President went
out it was near the time the banquet, was to
take place, and I think, also, I know, in fact,,
that while the President was spending several
persons, in speaking about, it, said it was time
for the banquet to commence, or something to
that, effect.
Question. The banquet had to waif, for him
while the crowd outside got the speech?
Answer. I do not know that.
Question. Was not that your impression at
the time?
Answer. I think the hour, probably, had
passed; but in attending banquets it often
happens that they do not take piace exactly at
the hour fixed.
Question, it appears that this did not; but
was that because they waited for the Presi-
dent or because the banquet was not, ready?
A nswer. I think it was because they waited
for the President.
Question. Did you publish that speech the
next morning in your paper?
Answer. Yes, sir; it was published.
Question. Did you agam republish it on
Monday morning?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. While your paper is called the
Republican it is really the Democrat, and the
Democrat is the Republican?
Ansicer. The Republican was commenced
in early times, for 1 have been connected with
it over forty years myself, and at the time 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not care to
go hack forty years at this time.
The Witness. You asked why it was
called 
By Mr. Manager Bctleu :
Question. Not why, but as to the fact. Was
it in fact the Democratic paper at that time
when the President was there ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And the St. Louis Democrat, so
called, was really the Republican paper?
Answer. Y'es, sir.
Question. Now, in the Democratic paper,
called by the name of Republican, the speech
was published on Sunday and on Monday ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Has it never been republished
since?
Answer. No, sir; not to my knowledge.
Question. State whether you caused an
edition of the speech to be corrected for Mon-
day morning's publication?
Answer. 1 met our principal reporter, Mr.
Zider 
Question. Please do not state what took
place between you and your reporter ; it is only
the fact 1 want, not the conversation. Did
you cause it to be done?
Answer. I gave directions to Mr. Zider
after complaining about the report of the
speech 
Question. Excuse me; I have not asked you
about your directions ?
Answer. 1 did. I gave directions on read-
ing the speech 
Question. Please answer the question?
Answer. Well, I gave directions to have it
corrected, if that is your question.
Question. Were your directions followed so
far as you know ?
Answer. 1 do not recollect the extent of the
corrections. I never read the speech after-
ward, and I have forgotten.
Question,. Did you ever complain afterward
to any man, Mr. Zider or any other, that the
speech was not as it ought to be as it was pub-
lished on Monday morning in the Republican ?
Atiswer. I cannot draw the distinction be-
tween Monday and Sunday. I have repeatedly
spoken of the imperfect manner in which I
conceived the speech was reported and pub-
lished in the Republican on Sunday. Whether
I spoke of its imperfections for Monday or not
I do not recollect.
