4:318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JulfM>
some reason why the Senate should be con-
sistent, and I have no objection to their being
so if they can. But there is a new idea, a
new interpretation of the Thomas ease started
here by the Senator from Illinois and the Sen-
ator from Indiana. If the Thomas case es-
tablished the rule for which they now contend I
did not understand it when the Thomas case
was voted upon. 1 understand it to have estab-
lished this rule: that the seal of a State
amounts to nothing, not even to a prima facie
case, when there is a charge of blockade run-
ning, or what is more indefinite than that, a
charge of disloyalty; that the prima facie case
is the allegation of any blackguard or vagabond
or anything in the shape of a man who can put
his name to an affidavit. That is the prima
facie case and excludes a man.
Your Constitution makes this body, in ex-
press terras, the judge of who is or who is not
elected in fact to a seat on this floor. But the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessendex] re-
minded me just now, and he was corroborated
by the'Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
neii,] that the universal practice of the Senate
has been to regard the certificate of the State,
the broad seal of the State, as prima facie evi-
dence upon the question of election, and so
to admit the Senator upon that certificate to
his seat and allow him to hold it pending that
investigation. I have said before, and 1 say
again, there is nothing in the Constitution that
I ever saw which makes this Senate the triers
of a question of blockade running, or the triers
of a question of disloyalty as such ; but the
Senate has ruled otherwise and have under-
taken to constitute themselves the triers of
that question. Are they more the triers of
that question than they are the triers of a
question of election? And if not more, why
do you reverse your rule with regard to a
question of election? Why do you not hold
the certificate of the State prima facia evi-
dence of the qualifications as you do hold it
prima facie evidence of the question of elec-
tion V
I only suppose this to be established in the
Thomas case: that there was, in the discretion
of the Senate, authority to refer credentials
when a case was made out which the Senate
adjudged required them to do so. liut I did
not suppose the Thomas case went to the
extent of asserting that when anybody sent a
suggestion here or an affidavit that should be
received as prima facie evidence of disqualifi-
cation, and exclude the certified member from
his seat pending the trial. I think that is
carrying the Thomas case too far. I supposed
in that case the Senate saw in theprotest suffi-
cient evidence to satisfy themselves that the
question of his loyalty ought to be tried before
he was admitted to his seat, and in the exercise
of that discretion they referred the credentials
to the Judiciary Committee. If the Senate
hold that there is presented here evidence
enough of the disloyalty or of the criminality
of Mr. Sawyer to outweigh the certificate of
his State, of its Governor, and of its Legisla-
ture, then, Isuppose, consistently with the ruling
in the Thomas case, they should vote to refer
it to the Judiciary Committee. I do not think
the remonstrance is of as much authority as
the certificate of the State, and therefore I
shall vote against referring the credentials, and
vote to allow the man to take his seat.
Mr. FitELINGIIU YSBN. There certainly
is rio question of consistency in the vote we
are about to give. We are not affected in any
degree by the action in the Thomas case.
Every case that is presented here is to be
judged of by itself if a Senator eomcs here
with the proper certificate prima facie he is
entitled to a seat. But a case may be made
out against him so strong that we may refuse
to permit him to take the oath, and refer it for
investigation. For instance, if John C. Breck-
inridge or Jefferson Davis should be returned
here, who would permit them to take the oath?
It would be referred. Therefore, inasmuch as
every case is to be judged of by itself, the ques-
tion of consistency does not arise, and we are
in no way affected by the decision which was
made in the Thomas case. I certainly hope
that no Senator would be influenced by the
consideration of the political views entertained
by this Senator. I trust that no one was so
influenced in his judgment in the vote he gave
in the Thomas case. I know I was not; and
I trust no one will be here. That matter is not
worthy of our consideration.
Mr. CKAG1N. I shall vote against referring
this question to the Judiciary Committee, and
I wish to state a few reasons for my vote.
Probably I am as well acquainted with the
facts and circumstances connected with Mr.
Sawyer as any Senator on this floor. He went
from my State to South Carolina in 1859, and
with the exception of about four months he has
been domiciled there ever since; and those
four months were in 1864 when he escaped and
went to New England, aud there stumped sev-
eral of the New England States, more or less,
for the reelection of Abraham Lincoln. Is
there anything in that parallel with the case
of Thomas of Maryland, whose credentials
wore referred to the Judiciary Committee?
Not at all. I have it within my personal knowl-
edge, and from friends whom I know to be
truthful, that all the time Mr. Sawyer was in
Charleston during the rebellion lie was a warn),
earnest, devoted friend of the Union. I know
that in 18C>3, during the darkest hours of the
war, he wrote private letters, and got them
through the lines in some way, to friends in
New Hampshire and elsewhere urging them to
remain firm, to have courage, that the rebel-
lion was about tottering, and would fall to the
ground. I know that of my own knowledge.
Since the passage of the reconstruction acts he
has been a leading advocate for reconstruction.
By his pen, by his money, by everything that
God has given him, he has devoted himself to
reconstruction, and has worked earnestly and
zealously. These charges that are made against
him here to-day arc charges that have been
trumped up since his election ortho day before
to defeat him. He is as loyal a man as sits in
this Chamber. 1 hope the case will not be re-
ferred to the Judiciary Commit lee, but that he
may now be admitted to take the oath.
Mr. llKNDRiClvS. 1 listened with a great
deal of interest to the very able argument
made by the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] on the Thomas case to establish the
proposition that where charges like these are
preferred they ought not to be then consid-
ered, but the party ought to be admitted to his
seat and the charges afterward investigated.
.1 was not able to take that view of the subject
at tbat time. Whatever views i may entertain
in regard to the act of 180:2, I cannot agree
that a man shall come into this body and take
what upon its face appears to be a false oath
as a claim to his seat. If this party bo guilty
of the things chargcd in the remonstrance,
then, talcing the oath, he would have to swear
falsely. I could not give any vote that would
favor a false oath, even if that oath ought not
to be required of him.
This case is much stronger, in my judgment,
than the case of Governor Thomas. Senators
will recollect that the case of GovernorThoroas
was referred to the Judiciary Committee upon
the charge mainly of having made an impru-
dent speech on the night of his nomination to
the office. Afterward, it came to the knowl-
edge of the committee, as I recollect the facts,
by a letter, that he had given his son $100 to
enable him to go into the southern service.
That, I think, was not known to the Senate at
the time the case was referred to the Judiciary
Committee. My recollection is that the case
was referred to that committee only on the
charge of an imprudent speech made on the
night of his nomination, in which he called in
question the conduct and propriety of the
organization of Congress, as was alleged, and
tbat, I think, without any statement supported
by oath of any party.
I am for standing by the precedent estab-
lished in that case. If this party is not in a
condition truthfully to take the oath then he
ought not to take it; and. I can stee no objec-
tion to making the inquiry in this case, as it
was made in the other. The statement that
the session is about to close certainly cannot
.control us. The objection to a man's right to
a seat is not to be waived because we are
approaching the close of the session. It is not
probable that the majority here cannot man-
age without him during the few days that are
remaining of this session, and even if he should
be delayed his seat until the next session of
Congress probably he would not lose his par-
ticipation in legislation to a greater extent
than must occur in all contested cases. Mr.
Thomas's case, upon the weakest possible evi-
dence in the world, was sent to the committee,
although for the time being the voice of Mary-
land was not heard through her representative
on this floor. Now, that argument ought not
to have weight, as it did not have weight with
Senators in that case.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall say nothing, sir, to
prejudge this case. I would not in advance
say one word that could have any such inter-
pretation. Mr. Sawyer, as I understand, is
from Massachusetts, and went from there to
South Carolina, and now comes back wi-th her
honors and trusts. No one on this flo'or would
be more proud to welcome him than a Senator
from Massachusetts; but I am not left in this
case to be governed merely by my personal
desires, or by any pride that I may have in
the State to which I belong. I must meet this
case on the evidence before the Senate and
on the precedents which the Senate has already
established.
So far as I understand the case it divides
itself into two parts, one of which certainly
furnishes no grounds for any exclusion of Mr.
Sawyer previous to the inquiry by the com-
mittee ; the other, I mbst respectfully submit
to the Senate, does furnish ground for such an
exclusion. The first part to which I refer is
that which is founded on the alleged incompe-
tency of certain members of the Legislature*.
I am not ready to go so far as the Senator from
New York, and say that that is not a fit subject
of inquiry for the Senate. I am inclined to
think it is; but I agree with the Senator from
New York and with other Senators in saying
that it is not a sufficient ground for the ex-
clusion of the Senator from taking the oath at
this time previous to an inquiry by a com-
mittee.
Sir, on this point I have a historical remin-
iscence. The day that I myself first entered
the Senate Chamber, Henry Clay was sitting
in the Senate Chamber for the last time. The
scat he occupied in the other Hall corresponded
to that which is now occupied by my friend the
new Senator from Aikansas, [Mr. McDonald,]
and the question that arose was on the cre-
dentials of a Senator from Florida, whom it
was proposed to exclude from taking the oath
at the time. Mr. Clay rose from that seat,
leaving it he descended to where the Senator
from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry] now sits, and
he there with vehement, eloquence, the„la^t
time he ever spoke in this Chamber, insisted
that no such question could be raised ; that the
Senator who had the credentials with the great
seal of the State was entitled to be sworn. Ilis
influence, his argument, his powerful authority
prevailed, and Mr. Mallory, of Florida, for the
first, time took his seat on this floor.
Now, sir, that case is completely applicable
to one branch of this inquiry, that which is
founded, as I have already said, on the alleged
incompetence of certain members of the Legis-
lature. We cannot now go into that. If there
was nothing else, Mr. Sawyer must go to your
desk and take the oaths. lie has his creden-
tials with the great seal of the State.
I here is only one ground on which we can
behind that great seal, and that is the ground
which has been so repeatedly recognized in the
Senate since our unhappy civil war. It is the
ground of loyalty. On that question wecan go
behind the great seal of the State. Ay, sir, if
that question is raised, we must go behind the
great seal of the State. Now, here is my friend
