1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1247
pittance that will assist them in their declining
^ears. I, for one, am willing to grant it.
More than fifty years have passed since these
men met the storm of battle in defending this
Government against the Britons who were in-
vading our soil. For that they are entitled to
relief; for that they are entitled to protection ;
for that they are entitled to the gratitude of
this country as much as if they had served in
our recent war. If we intend to act properly,
as the soldier grows old, as he declines in
years,_ as he fades away toward the shadow
laud, it is our duty that the hand of this Re-
public shall he stretched out to him in relief.
We should say to him, "In your manhood, in
your youth, in your vigor and strength of life
you put forth your efforts to supportan imperiled
Government, to save from wreck our free insti-
tutions, and now, in your old age, feeble and
dependent, we will give you this small pittance,
that your path to the grave may be smoothed and
made pleasant with the recollection that your
glorious deeds are held an grateful memory by
the Republic.'' [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. MILLER. I now yield to my colleague
on the committee from Illinois, [Mr. Burr.]
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, I did not antici-
pate saying anything on the subject embraced
in this report, from the committee of which I
am a member, for the reason that I thought
there would be no opposition to the passage of
this bill for the benefit of the surviving soldiers
of the war of 1812.
Sir, as a member of the committee having
this matter in charge, I was in favor of a bill
more comprehensive in its character and more
generous in its terms than the one now pend-
ing. I was favorable to granting a pension to
all the survivors of the war of 1812 without
reference to condition or circumstance in life,
and was prepared to support a proposition to
pension the widows and orphans of those of,
that gallant band who died leaving their fami-
lies in destitute circumstances.
But, sir, much patient investigation has con-
vinced the committee that the present bill is
pei haps as free from objections as any that
could be reported, and contains at the same
time as small an offering and as light an ac-
knowledgment of gratitude as we can afford,
unless we iptend to.ignore entirely the merits
of those whose patriotism prompted them in
the earlier days of the Republic to offer their
lives in defense of its honor.
I have said, sir, that this bill contains as little
as we could offer to the beneficiaries under its
provisions. We propose only to pension those
survivors of the army of 1812 who are in desti-
tute circumstances and dependent on others
for support. Further, it is in its terms limited
to those who adhered to the Government dur-
ing the late struggle in the field. Before one
of those silver-haired veterans who followed
Jackson and Perry and humbled our ancient
enemy on land and water can obtain the bene-
fits of this bill he must prove to have been at
least three months in continuous service, he
mustbe true in allegiance to his country during
the past, in destitute circumstances and depend-
ent on others for support. And, sir, when a
man makes proof of these requisites it is not an
American heart that can disregard his appeal
or turnjaim empty-handed away.
The policy, sir, and justice of pensioning
the needy survivors of all great struggles is
recognized and adopted by nearly all the na-
tions of the world, ft is so closely interwoven
in our framework of legislation as to have be-
come generally understood and acquiesced in
by all. My colleague from the Galena district
[Mr. Washburne] has hurriedly, and I think
inconsiderately, appealed to the economic argu-
ment, if I may use that expression, and has
paradsd figures and statistics showing that
the eclt of this bill will be many million dol-
lars ; but, as has been already suggested, those
figures are based on another and entirely dif-
ferent bill, once reported from this committee,
providing pensions for all survivors ofthestrug-
gle of 1812, as also to the widows and orphans
Of all deceased soldiers of that war.
I have been asked, sir, since this debate
commenced, about how many of these desti-
tute and meritorious veterans remain to us to-
day. Bat gentlemen will realize the difficulty
of answering even approximately that ques-
tion. True, the Commissioner of Pensions did
last year make a calculation of some sort as to
the number of survivors of that struggle, but
who can without close investigation or actual
personal correspondence with each tell the pro-
portion of those survivors who are embraced
within the very narrow limits of the pending
bill? The question has been further raised,
how much will it cost to put this bill in opera-
tion? Hardly a fraction, sir, of the sums so
often and so eagerly voted out of our Treasury
for purposes of doubtful constitutionality by
the same men who cry out in favor of econ-
omy whenever a veteran of a former war ap-
proaches the Treasury of the country, whose
honor he defended from the assaults of a for-
eign foe.
Sir, if gentlemen will not support this bill
until they know just how many names it will
put on our pension-rollsand how many dollars
it will cost yearly while they remain there they
will be compelled to oppose it without such
information. But, sir, the highest estimate by
any one puts the cost at $2,000,000 per year.
I think that is high ; but suppose it should
exceed that by $1,000,000. Compare it,
then, with the enormous outlay under the
Freedmen's Bureau, the Army bill, recon-
struction, or any of the many great measures
of recent legislation.
Mr. PRUYN. I should like the gentleman
to tell us the total number engaged in the war
of 1812.
Mr. BURR. The committeehadthatinform-
ation so far as the estimates of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions were reliable. I have not that
estimate now by me, but my colleague [Mr.
Washburn e] was quoting from it a moment ago,
and my friend from New York can readily ob-
tain what information it gives.
But, sir, that struggle was more than half a
century ago, when the Republic was young,
and assuming the average ago of those partici-
pating in it to have been twenty-five years at
its commencement, which is, I think, a very low
estimate, the survivors of that struggle would
now average three quarters of a century of
earthly existence, and from the very nature of
things cannot be much longer witnesses of the
glory and strength of the nation they defended
in its hour of peril. Some of them, sir, are
not in need of assistance from the Republic.
Its protection in days past has enabled them
to amass sufficient of this world's wealth to
ease the pathway of life, so far as wealth can
ease it; but others of equal merits, equal
bravery, equal patriotism, and equal claim to
their country's gratitude are to-day wearing
out a lonely and comfortless existence because
poverty and destitution are troubling their last
days, and to them it doubtless seems that indi-
vidual suffering is and has been the heir of
national glory.
When we compare this bill with the liberal
terms of the laws awarding pensions and beun-
ties to soldiers of the war of 1801 we are im-
pressed with the thought that in the estimation
of members the soldiers of the recent struggle
are much more meritorious than those of 1812,
and that the few remaining heroes of that ear-
lier war are hardly entitled to the thanks of
those who to-day manage the affairs of the
Republic.
One thought more, sir, and I am through.
In voting on this bill let us remember the
cause of the war of 1812 and the results pro-
duced by the valor of our troops on land and,
our tars on the sea. That struggle grew out
of the identical questions that are to-day threat-
ening again to disturb the harmony between
ourselves and that same insolent Power which
the young Republic then brought to terms; it
was the insolent claim of Great Britain to
search our vessels and seize such of their
occupants as she chose for service under her 1
flag. And to-day she is insolently claiming
the right to decide all questions of citizenship
and to make arrests of our citizens in the mere
wantonness of power. That power, sir, may
require to be again humiliated by the valor of
our citizen soldiery; and, should the time come
when we call on our young men.to gird on their
armor and resent a long and almost*unbroken
series of national insults and individual out-
rages perpetrated by that arrogant Power, let
those young men understand that their country
will as highly appreciate the valor of those who
chastise a foreign foe as those who suppress a
domestic insurrection.
I trust, sir, there will be no further opposition
to this bill, but, whether it cost a million and a
half or swells to three millions, that we will say
to those defenders of our country in a former
struggle: your pathway shall be rnadi; smooth,
your declining days shall be full of honor, and
you shall annually receive some slight token
of the gratitude of a people who have not for-
gotten your efforts and achievements in behalf
of our flag and our honor in the early days of
the Republic.
Mr. MILLER. I yield to the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The ques-
tion has been raised whether we have given
pensions to the soldiers of the war of 1812. No
pension has been given to them as yet, and
until we shall pass this bill they are not enti-
tled to any.
I am surprised to find after the almost unan-
imous vote by which we gave to the Secretary
of State $50,000 to go hunting over Europe for
paupers to bring to our shores, or to relieve
people there, that anybody can be found here,
especially of those who voted for that $50,000
for Fenian purposes, to object to giving to these
old men who, when these Irishmen were yet in
Ireland, fought to maintain our flag, the small
pittance of eight dollars per month.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker, I am aston-
ished to find any opposition to this just and
proper measure from any quarter, and espe-
cially from the able gentleman who sits as the
guardian and protector of the Treasury of the
0nited States. Sir, is it economy for this great
and powerful Government to do injustice to
those men who periled their lives in its defense?
Can any great and powerful nation afford to
be unjust to those upon whom it has depended
for its protection and support? The question
is asked: how much will it cost this nation to be
just to these men who served in the war of 1812?
Some estimate the amount to be $'2,000,000
annually. I cannot believe it would require
any such amount as that. The estimate is
doubtless made on the probable duration of
the lives of those who were called into the ser-
vice. But the number now living is probably
less than that estimate would, justify, taken
as it is from life insurance tables, because
many of those soldiers sacrificed their lives in
the service, and many more have died from
diseases contracted in the service.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand the tables show that there were two
hundred and fifty-five thousand of these three
months' men, and the estimate is made of the
number now living who would be benefited by
this bill. The chairman of the Committee
oh Invalid Pensions [Mr. Perham] has made
an accurate calculation, and he estimates that
it will cost $2,000,000 a year, and, taking
the average of their lives, the total will be
$21,000,000. Now, it is for the gentleman from
New Hampshire,"[Mr. Bexton,] as well as any
other gentleman, to determine whether he will
impose at this time this additional burden upon
the people by voting for this bill.
Mr. BENTON. I will answer the gentle-
man by saying that if it may be considered a
burden I will assume it most cheerfully, if it
is necessary to do justice to these deserving
men. I do not, however, believe it will in-
volve the expenditure of any such sum as the
gentleman supposes. But even if it should be
$2,000,000 the first year, it would be less the
next year. You can hardly find a surviving
