4320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jul 22,
oath with a view to taking his seat in the Sen-
The motion was agreed to.
The oaths prescribed by law were then ad-
ministered by the President pro tempore to Mr.
Sawyer, and he took his seat in the Senate.
proposed evening session.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
at five o'clock take a recess until half past
seven o'clock this evening; andl make the mo-
tion for the purpose of calling up this evening
sundry bills reported from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, which have been before us for
a long time, and on some of which at least I
think it the duty of the Senate to act. I make
the motion with a view of spending this even-
ing on that business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. POMEROY. That does not displace
the motion the Senator from Michigan has
made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Michigan is before
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to make a remark
on that question. The Senator asks us to come
together this evening. That proceeds on the
idea that there is to be a speedy adjournment.
I do not anticipate any such thing. There is
every reason to believe that we must stay here
some time longer, if not all the time. If we
do stay here some time longer, then in the or-
dinary course of day sessions we shall be able
to attend to all the business that any Senator
may be disposed to bring forward. I there-
fore ask my friend why we should drive busi-
ness during these Iiot evenings? Why not
take the daylight?
Mr. HOWARD. I will answer the question
of the Senator. I would not make this motion
under ordinary circumstances ; but the situa-
tion of my private affairs is such that I shall
be compelled to ask leave of absence of the
Senate on and after Monday next.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; and for that
reason it is that I am anxious some pf these
bills may be considered before I find it neces-
sary to leave the city. I hope the Senate will
adopt the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senate will
come to a vote on the question of fixing the
day of adjournment before anything further
is done. As the Senator from Maine very
properly suggests, if we fix a day of adjourn-
ment we shall work up to it, and if the Sen-
ate be of his opinion, that we ought not to
fix any time, we can then work at our leisure.
I desire to make this statement to the Senate :
by the rules of the House of Representatives
it is impossible for a majority of the House to
control the order of business, or oven two
thirds of the House. They cannot move to
suspend the rules except on Monday or within
the last ten days of the session. Members of
the House say that they are embarrassed in
the effort to reach bills that are indispensably
necessary to be acted on until the two Houses
shall have acted upon the question of adjourn-
ment. A leading member of the House has
just been present urging that we should expe-
dite their business by enabling them to make
these motions. I trust, therefore, that the
Senate will take up the resolution fixing the
day of adjournment. Let it be fixed at any
time the majority see proper, and then we can
proceed regularly with business. Until that is
done I shall oppose any motion for an evening
session or any special order. The Senator's
motion will amount to a special order. The
business now pending is thequestion of adjourn-
ment, and we ought not to lay that aside for
the purpose of taking up something else.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 will not interfere with
that.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me I will venture to suggest to the Senator
from Ohio that I think his objection a little
ungenerous. Senators have come here night
after night to consider bills under his charge,
and have done it cheerfully; at least I have,
and I think the majority of the Senate have, at
his request.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me I have no objection to an evening session
or to coming here. I do not think any busi-
ness ought to be made a special order; but I
say that we ought to fix the time of adjourn-
ment now before further discussion, so as to
enable the House to proceed with their busi-
ness.
Mr. HARLAN. The adoption of this motion
will not interfere with the consideration of the
Senator's resolution. All that the chairman
of the Pacific Railroad Committee asks is that
a recess may be had with a view to consider
bills from that committee. Of course a major-
ity of the Senate may refuse when we meet,
to do it. I hope they may not, however. I
hope they will give the chairman the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry
in the chair.) The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Michigan, that the Senate
take a recess from five o'clock to halt past
seven o'clock this evening, for the purpose of
considering bills from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Chair whether
the motion as now stated makes the railroad
bills a special order over other business?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that it does give them priority.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it requires a two-
thirds vote. A bill has to-day come from the
House of the highest importance, the funding
bill, which must be acted upon, and I trust will
take but a few moments. I hope the Sonate
will not tie itself up in this way.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Michi-
gan, if I understood him, did not ask that
those bills, or any one of them, should be made
a special order, but he announced that he
would attempt to call them up, and he hoped
the Senate would consider them.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will modify
his motion so as to provide simply for a recess
from five o'clock until half past seven, 1 shall
have no objection to it.
Mr. POMEROY. This is precisely such an
order as was made on the motion of the Sena-
tor from Indiana, [Mr. Mohtox] that we have
an evening session to consider the bill with
reference to the bridges on the Ohio. We had
such a meeting. This is precisely of that
cliiirsctcr.
Mr. HOWARD. I make the motion, of
course, with the expectation that those bills
will receive the attention of the Senate during
the evening session. That is my expectation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the motion as now modified. It is
that the Senate take a recess from five o'clock
until half past seven o' clock.
Mr. SHBltMAN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to suggest
to the honorable Senator from Kansas that
the distinction is this: in the qase of the Sen-
ator from Indiana he proposed to take up a
public measure, a measure of public and gen-
eral interest that was pending at the time, and
in which there might not be supposed to enter
any particular inducement or motive such as
enters into a private claim. On the other
hand, the proposition now is to take up dur-
ing an evening session, when we know from
experience the Senate will be thin, several
bills, and among thein, of course, one bill which
has been somewhat discussed in the Senate, a
private bill, proposing to appropriate a largo
sum of money and a large amount of land. I
submit that there is a very great distinction
between the two cases; and I hope that we
shall not be compelled to vote upon the par-
ticular bill which I speak of, or, indeed, upon
any bill giving subsidies to railway companies
at this stage of the session unless we can do it
at some hour of the day when the whole Sen-
ate is likely to be present. It seems to me to
select on a night so hot as this an evening ses-
sion, knowing as we do that at evening sessions
when important bills have been considered it
has required an effort to keep a technical quo-
rum—to select such an occasion as that for
this purpose is giving a grace and granting a
favor to a mere private interest which I hope
will not be granted. If this money is to be
paid and land given to these companies let it
be done at least by all the representatives of
the States. Do not let us select a time when
it is certain to be disposed of by a compar-
atively small portion of the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I have not announced my
purpose to call up the bill to which the honor-
able Senator has just alluded. What bill I may
ask tho Senate to take up I do not now men-
tion. But there are several bills reported regu-
larly from the Committee on the Pacific^ Rail-
road, which have been ready for the action of
tho Senate for months, and I have from time
to time with all the diligence within my com-
mand endeavored to call up some of those bills
with a view to have them acted upon, either
the one way or the other, by the Senate; but
not one bill from that committee has been
acted upon by the Senate finally during this
session, except the one relating to Goat Island,
in the harbor of San Francisco.
The Senate have constituted a standing com-
mittee on the subject of the Pacific railroad,
and charged them with onerous and very im-
portant duties from time to time. They have
met regularly weekly, sometimes more than
once a week, to take these subjects into con-
sideration ; and now we are told by the Sena-
tor from New York, by implication at least,
that after all these railroad bills reported by
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad are
nothing but private bills, and therefore ought
to have tho go-by. Now, sir, that is not ex-
actly fair. If the Senate do not intend to con-
sider any of those bills, if they do not intend
to make subsidies either in land or money, if
they intend to withdraw the supporting hand
of the Government from all these enterprises
which they have placed under the supervision
of one of their standing committees, let them
disband the committee, and say " We will act
no longer upon any of these subjects." But
as long as the committee are continued, and
their labors are performed, and additional
duties from day to day imposed upon them, I
ask, in courtesy and fairness, that their reports
shall receive the attention and consideration
of the Senate at some time. I have been watch-
ing here the whole session to get up some of
these important measures, but have been una-
ble to do so up to this time.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I do not understand the
honorable Senator from Michigan to ask us to
make anything a special order, but that we
have an evening session, and then the Senate
will determine for themselves what measures
shall be considered. If they think it proper
to take up the bills to which he has referred
they will take them up ; if they think proper
to take up something else they will do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to take a recess.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the question is
taken I wish to say one word. I am perfectly
willing to vote for a recess from five o'clock
to half past seven after we have acted on the
question of adjournment. Then we can decide
what kind of business ought to have precedence
when we know what time we have to do busi-
ness in. But now, before we have acted on
that subject, before we have fixed the day of
adjournment, at this period of the session, to
give precedence to any kind of business and
devote our time to it may be doing wrong with
reference to other business; and I hope we
shall not do it until we have settled that ques-
tion, because the time has arrived when we
ought to agree on an adjournment.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 18, noes 17.
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. CONKLING
called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I appeal to the Senator
from Michigan to withdraw this motion until
