2272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
been on foreign stations, as for example the
Hartford in the Chinese waters, come home,
they will be laid up in ordinary, and the num-
ber of cruisers afloat of course will be di-
minished to that extent. That accounts for
the discrepancy. The number of guns afloat,
according to Commodore Smith, was five hun-
dred and twenty-one guns upon the cruisers,
instead of four hundred and twenty-seven ; and
that is to be accounted for in the same way;
the vessels that have been sent out and the
ones that are to be relieved both being included
in this list.
I judge that tlie Senator also made this in-
quiry: what was the largest vessel in the service
before the rebellion, to which Commodore
Smith answers, "the largest vessel in service
prior to 1800 was the Roanoke, carrying forty
guns and five hundred and twenty-live men."
She may have been a ton or two, a very few
tons, larger than the vessels of her class. The
old Senators here will remember that we author-
ized, some fifteen years ago, the building of
five steam frigates, tlie Wabash, the Minnesota,
the Meriimac, that was destroyed at Norfolk,
and the Roanoke. The Roanoke was built at
this placc. She was built for a complement of
five hundred and twenty-five men. She was a
steamer. She was about the same capacity as
the Franklin.
Then, I suppose, the Senator asked what is
the most efficient vessel in our service to-day, to
which theCommodore responds, "the Frank-
lin is the most efficient vessel now in com-
mission, and carries thirty-nine guns and live
hundred and seventy-two men, exclusive of
apprentices and marines." Marines are never
counted as a part of the ship's complement.
She is also a steamer. There is not any very
material difference between the tonnage of the
two vessels. At any rate, according to this
report, there is only a difference of one gun.
The Roanoke carried forty guns and the Frank-
lin carries thirty-nine guns. The Franklin's
number of men is five hundred and seventy-two,
and the Roanoke's complement of men was
five hundred and twenty-five, there being some
thirty-odd men more for the Franklin now afloat
vvilh thirty-nine guns than would be required
for the Roanoke if she had been afloat, with
forty guns. Now, what deduction does the
Senator draw from that'' I did not see the
conclusion that he reached. 1 suppose  
Mr. CONKL1NG. Does the Senator want
an answer?
Mr. GRIMES I do, indeed.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I beg to say that I draw
this deduction from it: that taking the addi-
tion which appears there it does notaccount at
all when you make allowance for the reduced
number of guns and vessels, for the necessity
of oven the increase that we give. If I do not
state it clearly in that form, allow me to state
it the other way : taking the addition of force
shown to be necessary by this additional num-
ber of men, when you take into consideration
that the number of vessels is so much less,
and the number of guns is so much less, you
do not then want even the seventy-six hun-
dred, nor anything like it. That is the deduc-
tion which I draw from it.
Mr. IIENDR-ICKS. I wish to ask a ques-
tion of the Senator from New York. I under-
stood his argument, to be that the chairman of
the Naval Committee was altogether mistaken
in supposing that steam vessels required a
larger number of men than sailing vessels, and
that his argument was, " here is the Roanoke
ot the same tonnage, the same number of
guns, that requires only about forty men less
than the Franklin, which is a steam vessel." I
thought when lie was making his argument
that he understood this vessel that was in the
service before the war to be only a sailing ves-
sel, and therefore liis deduction was that a-
steam vessel does not require more men. I
will ask him if that was not his argument?
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator asks me a
question, and by permission of the Senator
from Iowa I will answer it. The Senator from
Indiana is entirely mistaken in supposing that
I was combating the proposition that steam
required more men. 1 was combating the
proposition that steam required so many more
men as to make it unsafe to adopt this amend-
ment. In other words, I was combating the
proposition that the reduced number of guns
did not enable us to reduce the force because
steam required so many more men. I said
that the addition shown to be necessary upon
this vessel to manage all her tackle, apparel,
and furniture, and take care of her, using that
expression, was not enough to make up the
difference ; that, making allowance for all that
could bo claimed from those figures, seventy-
six hundred men were more than we should
need for that number of vessels and that num-
ber of guns. That was my argument.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Iowa
will allow me to add simply this: then I was
not, when the Senator spoke, nor am I now,
able to see the force of the comparison ho
makes between these two vessels. He cer-
tainly did make some use of the fact that upon
the one vessel there was only a small number
of men required over the other; and if they
were both sailing vessels or both steam vessels
I do not see the force of the comparison.
Mr. CONIvLING. I am very glad to be
interrogated by the Senator, and 1 will endeavor
to make him see it precisely. I understood the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs lo say, in answer to the Senator from
Rhode Island, that these large guns were so un-
wieldy—he did not use that word—that where
eight men could manage a gun before twenty-
six men, iff caught his figures correctly, were
necessary to manage one now. I instituted a
comparison between these two vessels, show-
ing that the difference in the number of guns
was only one, that between thirty-nine and
forty, and yet that this additional number of
men, thirty or forty, whatever it may be, was
all that was called for lo manage all tlieso guns
and manage the vessel. That is the purpose
for which I introduced it, and that is the pur-
pose for which I insist upon it, to show that
the additional force, whatever may occasion it
now, I do not care what it may be per gun or
per vessel, is enough to exhaust the seventy-
six hundred men with the present armament,
saying nothing about the additional force.
Mr. GRIMES. I judge that the Senator
from New York imagines that one of these
vessels has an armament of larger caliber than
the other.
Mr. CONKLING. _ I supposed that to be
so from what the chairman of the Committee
on JJaval Affairs said. I admitted that. I did
not assert it, but 1 admitted it. If it is not so
I have strengthened my argument on that
subject.
Mr. GRIMES. The chairman of the Naval
Committee did not say so. I never admitted
it, and do not admit it now. In reply to the
Senator from Rhode Island I stated that a
gun on a monitor or on a vessel that could be
eoutroled by an engine beneath it did not
require as many men as a gun of small caliber;
but I said when you increase the armament
upon a vessel where the guns have to be han-
dled by men, by manual labor, you have to
increase your men exactly in proportion to the
caliber of your gun or the weight of your gun ;
and that it would take at least twenty-six men
to make a gun's r-rew for one of these fifteen-
inch guns. That is what I said ; but I never
said that the Franklin had guns of a larger
caliber than the Roanoke. I did say that our
vessels were armed before the war with eight,
nine, and eleven inch guns, and they aie armed
with them now, and we have not got anylarn-er
armaments upon our frigates to-day or upon
any of our cruisers than we had then. These
large guns do not go afloat.
Mr. CONKLING. What makes the increase
of men necessary on the Franklin ?
Mr. GRIMES. Simply because the Frank-
lin is pierced for a great many more guns than
she carries, and they were not put on before
and it was necessary that an additional number
of men should be employed upon her in order
to perform certain duties upon that portion of
her deck that was not covered by her battery.
That is the reason that they have some thirty
odd men more.
T ought to say a word, Mr. President, not as
being drawn out by anything the Senator has
said here to-day specially, but on account of
what I have seen stated elsewhere, in regard
to this Franklin. She is the only large ship
that we have now afloat. She is in the Euro-
pean waters and bears the pennant of the only
admiral this country ever saw. Festivities
have been enjoyed by that gentleman, whose
father was a native of one of the islands in
the Mediterranean, such as have never been
enjoyed by any one else in this country ; and
greater honors have been bestowed upon him.
Now let me relieve the apprehensions of
anybody who may have apprehensions on this
subject by saying that not a dollar is spent by
Admiral Farragut in any of the festivities in
which he participates or that he gives which
does not come out of his own pocket, and that
ours is the only nation on the face of the globe
that has a fleet that does not furnish money to
its admirals situated as he is to entertain dis-
tinguished people where they cruise. There is
no naval officer who goes abroad and maintain^
the character of the nation in the way that gen-
tlemen suppose it should be maintained who is
not obliged to come home bankrupt, or else
draw very largely upon his private purse or the
purse of his friends.
Mr. President, I say that this is the only laf-ge
vessel that we have afloat. Our largest squad-
ron is in the Chinese waters. It is composed
for the most part of small vessels, and it re-
quires more men, let me tell the Senator from
New York, in proportion to the number of
guns and the size of the ships, upon a small
vessel than it does upon a large one. Anybody
can see that, I suppose.
I believe, sir, that I have said all that I de-
sire to say about this letter. It only conveys
the same facts that were embodied in the Sec-
retary's letter which I read here to-day to the
Senate.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I believe I am in
my proper place, being last and least upon this
Committee on Naval Affairs, in proposing to
occupy the attention of the Senate for a few
minutes, T propose to vote against the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New York,
on the ground that I believe I am acting upon
better information than he has been able to
furnish us why I should change my vote. I
generally look for information to sources that
know more about the subject than I know my-
self. If I desire to find out how many men a
ship wants to man her properly as a man-of-
war I go to a naval officer, who is presumed to
know all about it. If I want to find out how
many ships are necessary for us in time of
peace I go to those who are best qualified to
judge. If I want to know what the cost of that
is I go to the fountain head, the Secretary of the
Navy, to ascertain, and I do not often consult
subalterns. The distinguished Senator from
New York, instead of going to the fountain
head, goes to the kitchen door and talks with
a lieutenant, who knows perhaps as little about
, the whole arrangement of the Navy as the
. honorable Senator has shown he does" himself,
j [Laughter.] Were it not that I am confident
j his ambition would strike higher 1 should
i presume, from the course of hiSargument and
i j ie time lie lias occupied, that he was convinc-
| jng the world of his peculiar fitness to be See-
| retary of the Navy, if there should be a change
! 111''!at Department. [Laughter.]
; i i • ( the Committee on Naval
An.tirs of tiie Senate is a nan ripe in expen-
' V1° 'las stood at the head of onr naval
( affairs m peace and in war, and who knows
; eyet'y artery, vein, nerve, and ligament that
. binds the Navy together. He knows what it
neeus in time of war and in time of peace,
, ana is certainly on record for having as high a
1 regard for economy as the distinguished Sena-
. tor from New York; and hia economy is not
i' spasmodic; it hag pervaded him ever .since 1
