1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GIA
.we can take a vote on the question of adjourn-
ment, and then i wju* vole wiik him tor an
evening session.
Mr. SliELiMAN. So will T.
Mr. WtLLlAMS. I am :n favor of evening
sessions, but I think there is great force in the
suggestions that we ought to fix the time for
utij umnneut, then work in accoi daiice with
the time we have. !f ihe Senate snali decide
that we will not. take nil eiuiy adjournment,
aivoiding to the suggestion of the Senator
from Massachusetts, then we shall have abun-
dance of time without night sessions.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 do not foresee that this
will be any interference with our action on that
subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is taking valuable
time.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall be content with
whatever the Senate sees lit to deci'de on this
question; but. t will not- withdraw my motion.
f he PitESJ DING OFFiCER. On this ques-
tion the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays w n-e uidered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22. nays 2-i ; astollows;
YEAS—Messrs. Conness, Cragm, Dooiittle, Drake,
I<\ i ij , il.irlau, Hendricks, IlowaiU, Kcilogsj, Morton,
Nye; Pomeroj , f >. iii.-,e% , R,iCv',Ilof>s,tSi>l :iti:uo. tiuilllier,
Tu.tA ei. Tipton, Van Winkle, Wi'ley,and \V lison—23.
SAls-Me.->sis. Abooti, Amlions, Oauierou, Cole,
Coakling, (Joibett, l)uvis, l<'eteScniton, I'owler, XTre-
1 iiignu acn, Henderson, Ilow ., MeGieen,McDonald,
MoiKdii, Morinl of Maine, Moiullot \ erwont, Os-
b a u, t\ii u-i.-on ol Tennessee, Giit-iuiJ.il, Tiuuibuil,
yk*u<i>, Wnyte, and william^—2i.
ABSENT— Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Cattell,
Cii.iuu.v-i, Dixon, Edmunds, iJrimcs, Hairis, Norton,
PaUeison oi Wow tj-.;uip:■ jiire, Pool, Robertson,
iS.iuisbuiv, Sawyer, Stewart, Wade, U eich, and
Y ates— IS.
So the motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I call for the reg-
Tln; PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes
flit- duty ot'ilie Chair to call up the unfinished
biisaa—s, winch is the resolution lixing the
ua.\ lor adjoin nmerit.
Aii-. (JO.v MiSS. I understand the unfin
lshed business to be the bill for the pioteetion
of American citizens abroad. 1 am willing,
however, that it shall go over inloriuaily to
have the resolution considered.
Air. SHERMAN. 1 suppose that will come
up ii"Xt, alter this.
Mr. hUMNEll. I ask permission to make
a repoit.
i be PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive the report.
reports Of committees.
Mr. SUilNER, fi •oin the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
inomoii.il ol Captain Jonas P. Levy, for pay-
ment of money due him under a treaty ot the
United Suites and the Mexican republic. Feb-
luary 2. 1848, submitted an adverse report
theieon ; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FUELING!! UYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on the judicialy, to whom was reierred
the bill (H. R. No. 1201) amendatory of an
act entitled "An act relating to habeas corpus
u nd
cases ' repo
Mr. STEWART, fromtne Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was reierred tlie bill (II.
It. No. 1381) providing lor an election in
Viigiuia, reported it without amendment, and
recommended that it lie on the table.
Mr. fliUMliULL, from the Committee on
the Judieiaiy, to whom was reierred the mes-
sage of the President of the United States of
the 14ih of July, ill reference to the ratifica-
tion of the fouiteenth article of amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating information in relation to the
publication of ihe medical and surgical his-
tory of i lie war, submitted a report, accom-
panied by the following resolution:
Meaolved, That under existing laws the balance of
40TH CO>"«. '2D SKSS.-—No. 271.
C11V111V.U Xi.ll . . £>
. i eguiaiing judicial proceedings m cerium
■s reunited it with an amendment.
the appropriation of $60,000, maflo July 28,1866, for
the pieparntion, under the direction of the Sec-
rotary of War, of five thousand copies of tile first
volume of the medical "and sui-gie.il history of the
rebellion, compiled by the Surgeon General, and the
preparation and publication of a like number of the
medical statistics of tlie Provost Marshal General's
Bureau, compiled and to be compiled by Surgeon J.
II. B xtei.towit: thesum ol'$iy,/"36,mastbeapplied
exclusively to tiie latter work.
message fro51 tiie hol'se.
A message from the Elouse of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheuson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the following bills of the
House:
A bill (H. R. No. 451) providing for the sale
of the arsenal grounds at St. Louis and Lib-
erty, Missouri, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1370) for the loyal Choc-
taw and Chickasaw Indians ; and
A bill (H. K. No. 1427) to establish certain
post roads.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 1096) making appro-
priations of money to carrying into effect the
treaty with Russia of March 30, 1SC7, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and appointed Mr. N. P.
Banks of Massachusetts, Mr. William Lough
kidoe of Iowa, and Mr. Samuel J. Randall
of Pennsylvania, managers at the same oil its
part.
The message farther announced that .tlie
House had disagreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. 11. No. 1010) relating to
pensions, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing vote of the two Houses thereon, and ap-
pointed Mr. S. Pkiiham of Maine. Mr. D. Poi.s-
ley of West Virginia, and Mr. William
Lawrence of Ohio, managers at the same on
its part.
The message also announced tliat the House
had disagreed to ihe amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. It. No. 1205) to further
amend the postal laws, asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and appointed Mr. Thomas W. Ferry
of Michigan, Mr. John F. Faiinswohth of
Illinois, and Mr. J. A. Johnson of California,
managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. li. No. 144U) to relieve
fiom legal and political disabilities Simeon
Corley. John Milledge, and Michael Hahn. in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
hills introduced.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 037) to authorize the city of Washington
to issue bonds for the purpose of paying the
floating deb', of the city ; which was read twice
by its title, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bilj (S.
No. 038j for the better organization of the
district courts of the United States within the
State of Louisiana; which was read twice by
; its title, referred to the Committee on the
; Judiciary, and ordered to be printed,
i territory purchased ei'.om Rt'SSI t.
i On motion by Mr. SUMNER, the Senate
' proceeded to consider its amendments to the
i bill (II II. No. 1091)) making an appropriation
of money to carry into effect the treaty with
Russia ot Mareh 30, 1807, uisagreed to by the
I House of Representatives ; and,
; On motion by Mr. SOMNKR,
I Helloed, That the Senate i:>4st upon its araend-
; meats to the said bill disagreed to by the llnuso ot
| Representatives, and airree to the contereiice asked
by the Hou&e ou the disagreeiag votes of the two
Houses thereon. , ,
Ordered, Tnat the conferee* on the part ot the
Senate be appointed by the President pro lct,ij>ore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Sumneb, Mr. Morton, and -Mr. Doo-
little.
postal lans.
On motion by Mr. EAM3EY, the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill (H. i£. No. I20o)
10 further amend the postal-laws; disagreed to
by the House of Representatives;- and
On motion by Mr. RAM3Elr,
Resolved, That tb« Senate 4n ist anon its amend-
ments to the,said bill disagreed to by the Hruamf
Representatives, and agree to the cotrtereuee asktd
by the House ou the disagreeing votes ot' the uvo
Ilousrs tliei-eon.
O't/erec?, That, the conferees on the part of the sen-
ate be appointed by the Prosidui! i <> taiiix/re.
The PRESIDENT pro tempbre a"pp_oitired
Mr. ramsey, Mr. harlax, and Mr. metjaiifeiiy.
pension laws.
On motion by Mr. VAN AVINKLE, tlie Sen-
ate proceetb d to consider its amendments to
the bill (H. 11. No. 1010) relating to pensions,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives ;
and
On motion by Mr. VAN WINKLE,
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
llepiedentatives, and agrco to the eonfercnee asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes ot the two
blouses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on thepartof the Sea
ate bo appointed by tlie President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Van Winkle, Mr. Ramsey, and Mr. Fow-
ler.
LIBRARY OF AGIU.COLTUUAI, DEPARTMENT.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of ihe Senate io introduce a joint resolu-
tion which, to be effective, should be passed
immediately, and I desire it put upon its pas-
sage.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 170) in rela-
tion to the library of the Department of Agri-
culture was read the first time, aud passed to
a second reading.
Mr. CAMERON. I have but a word to say,
and then 1 am satisfied the Senate will let this
resolution pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,.(Mr. Ferry.)
Does the Senator ask lor its present consider-
ation?
Mr. CAMERON. I do.
Tlie PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the consider-
ation of anything until we get rid ol the ad-
journment resolu ion, which now stands in the
way of the business of the two Houses. I
shall have no objection to it after that.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will give
way for one moment 1 will satisfy hitn that
this is right. The Agricultural Bureau, as
everybody knows, was a portion of the Patent
Oliice for a long while. During the time it
was under the direction ol the Patent Office
there grew up an agricultural library. _ A new
building for agricultural purposes entirely has
now been erected, and tne Commissioner of
Agriculture is about removing his library, but
is told by the Commissioner of Patents that it
belongs to the Patent Oliice. Ail 1 ask is to
give him the authority ot Congress to re-
move it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if this is in order.
We nhail never get along unless we proeeee
regularly with business.
l'lte PRESIDING OFFICER. The regulat
order is the resolution fixing ihe adjournment
Mr. CAMERON. it will not require a:
i[ much time to pass this resolution as me gen
tieman has occupied in oujeciing to it. 1
11 hope he will let it, go through. I am sure
l( everybody is in favor of it.
jl Several SENATORS. Let it go.
i; Mr. bHERMAN. If there is no objection,
ji aud it is passed without debate, I shall no!
i' object. _
II By unanimous consent, the joint resolutior
!! was read a second time, and considered as m
|j Committee of the Whole. It provides that the
l.l Commissioner of Agriculture shall regard
!i library now under his control and in ?
session as part of the property of the Vep*£
ii nieutof Agucultu-re, aud tba. be «h U
i - - -v, bv seeuou taiee
i s'v„"=r s: 4
I to a.
