1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have had the honor to be a member of the
Naval Committeee. He has never been spas-
modic, but is constant in that respect.
Mr. President, the standard of our Navy
was eighty-five hundred men under the admin-
istration of Mr. Toucey, Secretary of the Navy,
and I shall not be considered as speaking dis-
respectfully of him when I say that at that
time he had no peculiar desire to increase our
naval force. Judging from the record and
from where our ships were at the time our trou-
ble commenced, I may say that the fewer men
we had and the more they were scattered the
better it suited him. But, sir, the point I de-
sire to make here is, that eighty-five hundred
men—not boys—not, in the peculiar parlance
of the Senator from New York, "powder-
monkeys," on which he seems to have dwelt
with peculiar relish from the time this argu-
ment commenced till now—that eighty-five
Bundred men was the number fixed by law.
That is where we propose to keep it now.
They had boys in the Navy then, but they were
not counted as men. They have boys in the
Navy now, and they should not be counted now
as men any more than then.
But, sir, the honorable Senator from New
York deems it important every time he dis- ■
cusses this question to talk of the apprentice
boys. What and who are they, and how much
are they to be relied upon ? I say, in advance,
that the apprentice system is a system which
experience will abolish as soon as Congress
gets time to investigate it. They are made up
in the main of most-unreliable boys, boys that
are not controllable at home, and who are sent
upon these ships more as a place of confine-
ment than from any expectation that they will
Improve to such an extent that they will be
able to be made officers or more efficient sea-
men than other boys. Among them, I know,
is a different class, and I assert that the system,
if carried on, will prove the ruin of that class.
Poor, honest people in the country, mistaking
the objcct of this apprentice ship, send their
boys to it, and they find themselves either inoc-
ulated with the follies and vices of the mass
that surround them, or in company that makes
them discontented, and it is absolutely a con-
finement instead of a place of improvement to
them. Upon this class of persons I should
not rely much in the hour of our country's
necessity. They are boys. The system is sup-
posed simply to be a nursery, in its broadest
sense a nursery, in which seamen are reared_ to
supply the places of the men in the service
who become old and dropout. How far it may
be beneficial in this respect I do not know; but
I would much rather trust to our merchant
marine to make seamen for our Navy in the
boar of our necessity than to rely upon that
system of training that they receive in these
apprentice ships. This is a subject upon which
I have made a good many inquiries of those
who are experienced in its operations.
The honorable Senator from New York is not
only discontented and dissatisfied with the
number of men we propose to have, but he is
dissatisfied with the operation of the Navy
generally. He says that he thinks Admiral
Farragut's duty would be better performed in
some other place than where he is now.
Sir, I agree with the honorable Senator from
Kentucky that our Navy is and should be our
glory. Our naval vessels are our missionaries
abroad; and the honorable Senator from New
York, when he made use of the expression to
which I have just referred, forgot the inspira-
tion that was gathered from our flag when it
touched the Italian shore. What nobler ser-
vice can this country perform than to swing the
broad pennant of her first admiral in those
waters, and an admiral, Mr. President, who has
won the affections not only of this nation but
of the world—to show the flag in which we
glory on the shores that have been so long
longing to be free? He was visited there by
persons of no. ordinary character. He was vis-
ited by that daring leader who has made Romans
Romans again; and from that, as^ he himself
describes, he gathered fregh inspiration and
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. J48.
will redouble his exertions to light the fires of
liberty, of which our flag is emblematic, upon
that long down-trodden shore and people.
Sir, it is a noble function of this Govern-
ment that while our Navy and its flag bespeak
our own national glory and power they have
that electric, indescribable something which
makes whoever sees them pant for our institu-
tions and their glory as much as any other
thing could do ; and yet the honorable Senator
from New York docs not think that expense is
tolerable. Sir, when the admirals of the French
and British navies at the Belize told Farragut
that they had been up to New Orleans, and
that it was impossible for him to go, that it
was one wall of fire, he replied simply that he
was ordered up, that was all. There was noth-
ing rflore that he could say. Now, sir, he has
been ordered abroad and he has gone, and I
glory in it.
But the Senator from New York talks of
economy. Sir, there is a difference between
picayune economy and a generous view of
things. My friend has spasms of economy.
Every time he wants to force a measure of his
own over any committee he cries " economy"
and talks of taxation. If the admiral of that
fleet was half as spasmodical as the Senator
is I would not trust him abroad, and the na-
tion would not. [Laughter.] Sir, in my
judgment it is in the broadest national sense
economy to send such a fleet to foreign ports
as their eyes never saw before and can see
nowhere else.
The fleet itself is beautiful; it is powerful;
it is the perfection of human mechanism ; it
bespeaks a nation rich in her inventive genius
and power, and with a caliber of gunsl that
command respect everywhere. That is not
all of the Navy, sir. I want to see her manned
with American men. I do not care so much
for the beauty of the ship, but the glory of the
American Navy is her men ; and when we man
the yards in a foreign port I want to see none
of them go through the lubber-hole, but out
over the futtoclc shrouds, like good sailors, as
Americans only can do.
Now, talk of your powder-monkeys and boys
of the Navy! We want men, sir, and so
would the honorable Senator from New York
if it was economical, [laughter;] but as it is
not he wants boys and powder-monkeys to
man the yards! Sir, I am down on all such
economy. I represent a great deal poorer
people than he does, and my people would be
ashamed of my economy if I were to take one
laurel or one man that was necessary from the
American Navy. Such, sir, is the character
of our seamen, and such is the desire of the
Naval Committee that it shall remain. I assert
here that this nation is able to pay the ex-
penses of keeping men in our Navy, not boys.
What would the boys have done before Fort
Jackson and those other ports and lagd bat-
terifes up the Mississippi? It tried the nerves
of the strongest men, and the waters were
dyed with their blood; and yet they went on in
obedience to Farragut's orders, and they got
there. Boys would not have done it, nor pow-
der-monkeys! You want men, strong men,
not only men of physical but mental stature,
that know the dignity and honor of the country
they represent, and bear it with them in their
impress wherever they go. That is what we
want. Now, away, sir, with your powder-mon-
keys as an exhibition of American greatness
in our Navy ! It is nonsense; there is neither
economy nor sound statesmanship in it !
Mr. President, I have said all I desired to
say on this question. The chairman of our
committee is clock and dial. ^ He is Daboll
and Pike in figures, and my friend from New-
York will learn that he had better not strike
him in the statistics of the Navy, for he reads
them nights and Sunday mornings and knows
what they are. [Laughter.]
I hope, sir, that the Senate will vindicate
the character of this nation in such way, keep-
ing a close eye upon economy, as is becoming
its greatness and its dignity. Eighty-five hun-
dred men is a less naval force than any nation
on the earth, with ships of the same number
or the same size as ours, maintains. ' ' ,
Sir, I desire to maintain the glory that our
Navy has already won for us. From the day
that the little Monitor fought the Merrimac
this nation has stood supreme in her naval
architecture and power; and well exclaimed
that noble lord in the British Parliament who
said that the English navy was not worth the
timber of which it was constructed as com-
pared with ours.
Sir, that monitor was the fruit of American
ingenuity ; it was born as an American idea.
That thing now a stripling, clothed yet literally
with the marks of its swaddling clothes around
it, I want to build up and perfect in its glory
till the nations of the earth shall answer cen-
turies from now that their navies are powerless
against the American Navy. As long as we do
that we shall maintain our prowess on the sea.
And I anticipate the day when no nation will
go to war with another without saying " By the
permission of your Government; we are afraid
of your Navy; we are afraid of your men, not
your boys or powder-monkeys, but your men ;
we have seen you on fhe afield of strife, in the
conflict of the seas." Sir, it is American men
we want in the Navy, guided by an intelligence
that as yet outranks the commander of any
other Navy of the earth; and as we go on in this
way we shall have not only one Farragut, but
scores of them, not only one Porter, but a
thousand, if we stand as we ought to stand and
keep the dignity of our Navy where it ought to
be—the strongest naval Power of the earth.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I have not
risen with the intention of entering in the dis-
cussion of the general subject now before the
Senate, but for the purpose of alluding to an
intimation which fell from the Senator from
Nevada—an allusion to a charge which has
frequently been made against one of my con-
stituents, a man whom I believe to be as pa-
triotic as any man living in this country, what-
ever may have been his political views at a
former time. The charge to which the Sen-
ator alluded is a charge which has often been
made against that distinguished gentleman,
that while Secretary of the Navy he scattered, as
the Senator said, the Navy in all parts of the
world a year before the breaking out of the
war, with the design and intention of crippling
this Government, so far as that arm of defense,
was concerned, in anticipation of the civil war.
That charge has frequently been made; it has
been a common charge in the newspapers;
and I have no doubt it is believed by many.
At the time when the charge was first made I
differed entirely from that gentleman in his
opinions and in his course; but I never be-
lieved there was the slightest foundation for
that idea. In fact, any gentleman looking at
it for a single moment would see that it was in
itself almost impossible and absurdi
But, sir, it was investigated; there was a
committee of investigation upon that or a sim-
ilar subject, of which the former chairman of
the Naval Committee, now our minister at
Madrid, [Mr. Hale,] was chairman. Mr.
Toucey was summoned to appear before that
committee; he did appear; he came from
Hartford to Washington and testified before
that committee; he was fully examined, and
the committee were entirely satisfied that there
was' no foundation whatever for the charge;
that the Navy, so far from having been scattered
with any design or intention of weakening the
Government, was in point of fact more at home
at that time than it had been, and that if any
of our vessels had been sent -away it was not
for the purpose of weakening the Government
but for entirely a different purpose, a purpose
alluded to by the Senator himself when he
said that our Navy .ought to be missionaries
in foreign countries. In that verj expression
he vindicated the course of Mr. Toucey with
regard to the Navy of this country at t5at
time. They were sent abroad to foreign ports,
as they had been.
Mr. HOWARD. Was not Mr. Toucey a
i member of Mr. Buchanan's Cabinet?
