1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1249
bounties. 1 hope, however, that my colleague
who has charge of the bill will be able to in-
form us as to the number of those who will be
likely to claim pensions under the proposed
legislation.
I feel confident there will not be found more
than five thousand of these gallant soldiers and
sailors living, and scarcely three thousand who
will apply for the benefit afforded by the bill,
and that it will not require an expenditure,
even in the first year, of more than $300,000.
The second year the amount will probably fall
to $200,000; and in the following years to
comparatively nothing. Why, sir, it is known
beyond doubt that the survivors of the war of
1812 would not average less than seventy-five
years of ago. The gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Loan] states to me that four of these
veterans have died within his knowledge since
the bill was introduced into Congress. I know
that two or three have died within my own
neighborhood during the last month or two.
Thus they are dropping off rapidly nearly day
by day; and it will riot be long before there
will be none remaining of the gallant army and
navy of that war to ask Congress for this pen-
sion. Then let us do justice to those who are
left. The country will sustain us in our efforts
to bring joy to the hearts of the few who sur-
vive that contest which ended so gloriously
for the Republic.
Mr. MILLER. I yield two minutes to thf
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiibttrxe.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
as is usual with gentlemen who undertake to
suggest that the House should examine into
matters involving vast appropriations, I have
been assailed by almost every gentleman who
lias spoken here to-day.
Mr. PKUi'N. Not by me.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. No ; the
gentleman from New York is an exception. I
have been thus assailed because I desired the
House to have an opportunity to investigate a
bill which was attempted to be thrust through
*nder the gag of the previous question. I
nade a statement from an official report, a
vtatement which I believed (gentlemen would
aot give me the time to examine) applied to
this bill. But it did not apply to it in this
question, and I made the correction.
I am arraigned here, sir, by every man as
standing against the old soldiers. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mullins] pre-
dicts that a big hole is to be dug in the prairies
of Illinois in which the old soldiers are to inter
me. I will tell the gentleman I have lived in
Illinois more than a quarter of a century, and
more than half of that time I have represented
them upon this floor; and although others,
like the gentleman, have undertaken to dig a
hole for me, they have always failed.
Mr. MULLINS. I said you were digging
your own hole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois., I under-
stand, sir. Whenever I have resisted these
appropriations here gentlemen have under-
taken to appeal to my constituents. I know,
sir, when 1 undertook here to resist the raid
of whisky speculators, by which $00,000,000
were taken from the Treasury and put into the
pockets of whisky gamblers, they proposed to
raise $1,000,000 to defeat my nomination in
my district, as the gentleman now proposes to
have a hole dug in which to bury me.
Mr. MILLER. How many minutes have I
left?
The SPEAKER. Seven minutes.
Mr. MILLER. I cannot yield any further.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope by unanimous
consent the gentleman from Illinois will bo
permitted to go on.
Mr. BINGHAM. Letliim have ten minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am very
anxious to get through with this bill, so as to
proceed to the consideration of the appropria-
tion bills.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hearsno objec-
tion, and the gentleman's time will be extended
for ten minutes.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 79.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
want that length of time.
Mr. RANDALL. Take what you want.
Mr. LOAN. I give notice I shall ask for
five minutes to reply.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
take up farther time of the House. I merely
wish to call the attention of the House and the
country to the fact that no man can get up here
and ask for information in regard to the ex-
penditures of the Government but he is assailed
as I have been by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee. When he shall represent Tennessee
for sixteen years and come back with majori-
ties ranging from five thousand to thirteen thou-
sand it will be time for him to talk to me.
Mr. MULLINS. If I failed to give this
relief to the soldiers who battled for my coun-
try I would never ask my constituents to
reelect me.
Mr. WASHBUR.NE, of Illinois. I have
never failed m my duty to the soldiers, and my
people know it.
Mr. MILLER. If the House will extend
the gentleman's time I have no objection.
The SPEAKER. Thegentlemau declined it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I only
want three minutes more.
Mr. RANDALL. I understood the House
gave the gentleman ten minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I say, eir,
I have never done injustice to the soldier, here
or elsewhere. I have been in favor of sustain-
ing the soldier, giving him pension and bounty
whenever these questions have been brought
before the House. I desired to know what
was in this bill. I had the right and my con-
stituents had the right to know. While we
are voting for soldiers I think there are some
other people behind the soldiers who have
some claims upon us. I think the soldiers of
the late war to suppress the rebellion, the sol-
diers who followed the victorious flag of my col-
league, have some rights as well as the soldiers
of the war of 1812. 1 think the laboring people
of this country, those who are famishing and
crying for relief, have some rights as well as
the soldiers of the war of 1812.
I have not stated I will vote against this
bill. I do not know but I will vote for it. I
wanted to know what the bill is. I had the
right to know that it is. For that I am ar-
raigned. Gentlemen need not give themselves
uneasiness about my record and my status at
home. My constituents have never yet failed
to sustain and protect me, fori have never yet
in my service here misrepresented their inter-
ests or their opinions.
Mr. BENTON. I did not attack the gen-
tleman ; I am with him in favor of economy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman yielded to me as being in opposition to
this bill, lie has reflected upon me, as I un-
derstood, for calling the attention of the House
to the amount which this bill appropriates. I
say, according to the estimates of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Peiiham,] it is §2,000,000
for the next year, and will be nearly that for
the following year.
Mr. MILLER. I yield to the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Peiiham.]
Mr. PERIIAM. I wish to make a correc-
tion. Thegentlemau from Illinois [Mr. Wasu-
jsurnk] has stated that I have made an esti-
mate of the amount that would bo required by
this bill, and that it will be $2,000,000 a year,
amounting in the aggregate to §24,000,000.
What I did say was, that taking the estimate
of the committee that the number of pension-
ers would be twenty thousand, under this bill
the amount would be $2,000,000 annually.
Mr. LOAN. I ask unanimous consent to
be allowed five minutes to reply to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiibuiine.]
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. LOAN. The gentleman from Illinois
says that he desired to have this bill explained
to him; that he wanted information in regard
to it, and that he had a right to that informa-
tion. Now, I would ask him if he has given
due attention to the progress of this bill in the
House? It has been on file since the 31st of
January last.
I would also suggest to him that lie has a
strange way of seeking information, by making
a statement to the House as to the gross ex-
penditures that would be incurred under this
bill. I apprehend he was not seeking inform-
ation, but made his statement for the purpose
of defeating the bill, believing that if he made
such an assault the weight of his character
might be sufficient to defeat the bill. That
seemed to me to be the object he had.iu ask-
ing for the information; and I was so aston-
ished and amazed that I could not forbear refer-
ring to it. It is a statement of such a character
that the gentleman will pardon me for saying
that he could hardly have us believe in his
sincerity in making it except at tho expense of
his intelligence and judgment. He now con-
cedes that we shall spend no such amount of
money as he stated, and he intimates it is even
possible that he may vote for the bill. The
amount is now reduced to less than two mil-
lion dollars, as I stated,with a constant reduc-
tion of the amount from year to year. I hope,
therefore, we shall not have the negative vote
of the gentleman from Illinois on this measure.
Mr. MILLER. I am very glad to hear that
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
is being converted to the support of this meas-
ure, and for it, no doubt, will receive a bless-
ing from these old survivors of the second
war of independence. A great deal has been
said by him in reference to the estimate made
by the chairman of the Committee on Invalid
Pensions [Mr. Periiam] in 1867. In that esti-
mate the gentleman does not pretend to accu-
racy. He says it is impossible to make any
definite estimate, and in that estimate he in-
cludes not only all the soldiers of 1812, with-
out regard to the time of service, but also all
the widows of soldiers who have died. He says
in that report that there are so many young
widows of the soldiers of 1812. [Laughter.]
I am sorry the gentleman should have included
those young women who, instead of marrying
young men, married these poor old soldiers so
as to take care of them in their declining
years.
Mr. PERHAM. I believe I said some very
young women very often and very wisely chose
to marry these old persons who had seen such
honorable service rather than those who were
not so old. There are a great many young
widows.
Mr. MILLER. They certainly have done a
very worthy act in taking care of the old sol-
diers who have served their country. They
have toiled and sweat for them, they have
watched faithfully and stood around the couch
of the dying soldier, wiping the cold sweat from
his brow, and followed them to the grave and
seen the clods of the valley fall upon their plain
coffins, but we have excluded all these merit-
orious claimants in this bill.
Now, let us look for a moment again at these
estimates. The gentleman says it will cost
$1,200,000 for agents. I have no doubt we
can get fifty clerks to do the entire work. Yes,
a dozen would be able to attend to this whole
business of pensions for the soldiers. Then the
estimate is not made on a correct basis, and,
of course, little reliance can be placed upon it.
If tho gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burxe] had examined it carefully he would
not have been so much troubled about the
enormous expenditures. The estimate I have
here of the number of soldiers who served less
than three months is two hundred and fifty-five
thousand one hundred and forty-seven, and the
total amount will not exceed the sum I havp
heretofore stated, which in no event can ex-
ceed §2,000,000, but I am inclined to think it
will not exceed $1,000,000. _
Now, sir, cannot we afford to paythis? Can-
not we afford to pension these men now who
have waited fifty-six years and at thia_ late
period ask it with a belief that their olaiffl >s
