2274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
April %
Mr. DIXON. He was. I am speaking of
liiin in relation to that point.
Mr. HOWARD. Did he resign Ms place?
Mr'. DIXON. He did not.
Mr. HOWARD. He held it in the fore part
of 1861? r
Mr. DIXON. He held his position. I am
now speaking of the charge against him, re-
newed here by the Senator from Nevada, that
lie scattered the Navy with the intention of
weakening the Government. 1 did not wish to
go into itj I barely wished to say that at that
time, having heard the charge. I believed it un-
just. I now believe it unjust, and I think it
my duty as representing the State of which he
is a distinguished citizen, here to say that there
was never any foundation for it; it was a mere
political charge, without any foundation what-
ever, in my judgment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler,Cole,Conkling, Edmunds,
MeCreery, Morgan, l'atterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Sherman, Sprague, Tliaicr,
Trumbull, and Wade—IS.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthonj\ Buckalew, Conness, Cra-
gin, Davis, llixon, DoolittR), Drake, Fcssenden, Fro-
linghuysen, Grimes, Ilarlan, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howard, Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, I'omeroy, Ross, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton,
Van Winkle, Wiiiey, Williams, and Wilson—28.
ABSENT.—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Oattell, Cor-
bett, Ferry, Fowler, Howe, Morton, Norton, Kamsey,
baulsbury, Viekers, and Yates—13.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read the third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
KXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tcmpore\M& before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of War, iu answer to a resolution of the
Or.h instant, as to the course of practice in re-
spect to the settlement of public accounts and
the drawing of requisitions therefor by the
Secretary of War; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
copy of a communication dated the 6th instant,
from the Commissioner on Indian Affairs, rela-
tive to the necessity of a speedy action of Con-
gress qn the estimates of appropriation for the
use of the Indian service, heretofore submitted
by that Department; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill 404,
in relation to the qualification of jurors. I do
not think it will take any time.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. It is very important to have an execu-
tive session; I have been waiting a day or two.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think this bill will
pass without controversy.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from New York is not
debatable. The question is on that motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will not the Senator
withdraw it until I get this bill up ?
Mr. SHERMAN. A motion to take it up
is just as good.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask if a motion to
take up a bill does not leave it as the unfin-
ished business?
Several Senators. No.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand the Chair
to have so ruled, and I want to know what the
practice is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the bill come up first.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want that question set-
tled.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That ques-
tion is not up now.1 The motion is to go into
executive session.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-four,
noes not counted ; and after some time spent
in executive session the doors were reopened,
and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 8, 18G8.
Prayer by Rev. J. R. Loomis, LL. D., Pres-
ident of Lewisburg University, Pennsylvania.
On the motion of Mr. POMEROY, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Journal
of yesterday was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY presented the memorial of
the Memphis, El Paso, and Pacific Railroad
Company of Texas, praying for a grant of pub-
lie lands and a loan of United States bonds to
aid in constructing a continuous line of rail-
road and telegraph from Jefferson, iu Texas,
to San Diego, in California, by the way of El
Paso, with authority to make such raitoad
connections as to reach San Francisco, Guaya-
mas, Memphis, and Virginia City on the har-
bor of Norfolk, iu Virginia, or any other point
on the Atlantic coast, and Washington city,
under the title of the Southern Transconti-
nental railroad; which was referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. COLE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of California, in favor
of the establishment of a mail route from Trin-
ity Center to Lawyer's Bar, in that State ; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of California, iu favor of the
establishment of a mail route from Weaver-
ville to Hydesville, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of Sarah
A. R. Camp, praying for compensation for cot-
ton seized by Captain George E. Alden, assist-
ant quartermaster, and sold on account of the
Government; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of offi-
cers of the United States Army, remonstrating
against the passage of the bill which deprives
retired officers of the Army of their longevity
or service rations or any equivalent therefor;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented the petition
of Joseph B. Strafford and one hundred and
forty other citizcns of Sussex county, Dela-
ware, praying for the establishment of a mail
route from Georgetown, in that county, to
Angota, via Springfield and Hollysville ; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition from
the members of the grand and traverse juries
now sitting in the circuit court at Boston, in
which they represent that they are allowed pay
at two dollars per day, and they are unable to
board for that sum at any first-class hotel in
Boston, and they ask that their case may be
taken into consideration by Congress and that
they may have an additional allowance. I ask
the reference of this petition to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a petition of
citizens of Fredericktown,-Missouri, asking that
James Duncan, of that town, be compensated
for services rendered during the late war;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of Mary Pot-
ter, praying for a pension; which, was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
SCHOOL PROPERTY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. HARLAN. There is lying on the desk
a bill of the Senate in relation to the exemp-
tion of school-houses in this District from tax-
ation, which has passed the House of Rep-
resentatives with an amendment, and the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia propose to
concur in the amendment with some amend-
ments. I would be glad if the Senate would
allow it to be taken up. It will occupy, I think
not more than a moment. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the unanimous eon- **
sent of the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House i
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 389) ex-
empting property in the District of Columbia :
held and used for school purposes from local *
taxation.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause and to insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
That all real and personal property in the District
of Columbia now under the school laws of said Dis-
trict, or hereafter to be held by the trustees of col-
ored schools for the cities of Washington and George-
town, and by the board of commissioners of primary
schools of Washington county, District ot Columbia,
iu trust for tile use of colored schools, shall bo, so
long as held for that purpose, exempt from local tax-
ation, except such as aro authorized by the eharter
ot said cities, and by the law establishing the levy
court of the county of Washington for special pur-
poses; and it shall not be lawful for the municipal
authorities of either of said cities, or the levy court
oi the county of Washington, to collect any tax that
may have aeerued against, or been levied or assessed
upon, any such property since said trustees of col-
ored schools or board of commissioners ot primary
schools, as the case may be, acquired the title orright
to occupy or use the same for such purposes, exeept
such taxes as may have accrued, or been levied or
assessed, for speeiul purposes as aforesaid.
SkC. 2. And be -it further enaeted. That it shall be
the duty of such member of the board of trustees of
the schools tor colored children intheeities aforesaid
as now is or shall be, by said board of trustees, from
time to time, hereafter designated or selected to act
as treasurer thereof, to give separate bonds every
year to the municipal authorities of said cities of
Washington and Georgetown respectively, with two
sureties each, to be approved -by the mayors of said
cities respectively, in a penal sum to be fixed annu-
ally by the mayors of said cities respectively, for
the safe-keeping and faithful disbursement of such
moneys as shall, from time to time, be paid to said,
trustees by the municipal authorities of said cities
for educational purposes, under and by virtue of the
provisions of the eighteenth and-.nineteenth sections
of the act of Congress, approved June 25,1S6-1, " to
provide for the public instruction of youth in the
county of Washington, District of Columbia, and for
other purposes," and the declaratory act, approved
July 23, I860, "relating to public schools in the Dis-
trfofc of Columbia/'
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall not
bo lawful for said trustees of the schools for colored
children to expend in either of said cities moneys
received under the provisions of said acts from the
municipal authorities of the other.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
recommended a concurrence in the amend-
ment of the House with amendments. The
first amendment of the committee was in sec-
tion one, line seven, to strike out the word
"are" and insert the words "maybe;" inline
eight to strike out the word " and'"' and insert
the word " orand m line ten to strike out
the words "for special purposes" and to in-
sert "upon property held for the use of other
public schools therein ;" so that the clause will
read:
Shall be, so long as held for that purpose, exempt
from local taxation, except such as may be author-
ized by the charter of said cities, or by the law estab-
lishing the levy court of the county of Washington
UiereinT0Perty f"r tlleuseofotherpubliesehools
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in section one, line eighteen, to strike out the
words " for special purposes as aforesaid" and
to insert " according to the provisions of this
act."
I he amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
^ The next amendment of the committee was
in section two, line eight, to strike out the
words mayors of said cities respectively'' and
to insert " chief justice of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives, as amended, was concurred in.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R, No. 5y8) to continue the
Bureau for the relief of FYeedmen and liefu-
gees, and for other purposes, reported it with
an amendment.
