1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
meritorious? They were, of course, not less (a
greater part of them) than twenty years old then,
and, therefore, none of them can be less than
about seventy-six years old, and a large pro-
portion of them are over eighty years of age.
Sir, I think this bill is meritorious, and I
trust that it will meet the approbation of this
House, and, for the honor ol the nation, that
there will not be a single vote cast against it.
I trust that this House will not turn a deaf ear
to these soldiers who served their country fifty-
six years ago, and who are now between sev-
enty-five and eighty years of age, and who in
their poverty are calling upon their country for
a little aid in their declining years, and say
that we cannot give them any aid. I hope
that this House will give it them.
Before I ask for a vote let me say to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburne,]
who complains of the " gag law," that there is
no one in the House who calls the previous
question sooner than he does on his appropri-
tion bills and cuts us all off.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I beg the
gentleman's pardon. Every appropriation bill
is fully considered, and every member has five
minutes to speak upon amendments. I have
no control over that. When a bill has been
passed upon by the Committee of the Whole
and everything has been discussed, then when
it comes into the House, as a matter of course,
I demand the previous question.
Mr. MILLER. I know that some of us
who want to get in speeches on those bills can
get no chance because the gentleman moves to
close debate.
I have, Mr. Speaker, endeavored to dis-
charge my duty to this meritorious class of
our citizens, and rejoice that it is about be-
ing brought to a vote. For the last two years
I have been trying to have the subject-matter
brought to a square vote. Since I first intro-
duced the bill many have died without receiv-
ing that to which, in my opinion, they were so
justly entitled; and as 1 feel that I have dis-
charged my duty in their behalf and that of
my country, I now call for a vote on the bill.
The amendment offered by Mr. Washburn,
of Massachusetts, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr.MlLLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the hill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay op indian agent.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, asking fur an appro-
priation to pay an agent for paying the annu-
ities to the Cherokee Indians of North Carolina;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
salary of united states officers.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
letters from the United States appraisers at
the port of Savannah and Assistant Treasurer
at Charleston, South Carolina, asking for an
increase of salary ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
charter of washington.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House resolutions of the board j
of common council of Washington, District of
Columbia, in relation to the city charter ; which
were referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
withdrawal of papers.
On the motion of Mr. KITCHEN', by unani- :
mous consent, leave was granted for the with- j
drawal from the files of the House of the |
papers in the case of James Shields, copies j
being left. * I
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, obtained
the floor.
_ Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask my colleague to
yield to me for a moment. My colleague [Mr.
Judd] has a bill in the desk 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league must excuse me now. After we come
out of Committee on the Whole I will yield.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. For-
ney, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, House joint
resolution of the following title :
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 203) for reduc-
ing the expenses of the War Department, and
for other purposes.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed House joint resolution of the
following title, with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 104) authoriz-
ing the transmission through the mails, free
of postage, of certain certificates by the adju-
tant general of New Hampshire.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill of the following title,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 311) to provide for a grad-
ual reduetion in the military forces and to dis-
continue certain unnecessary grades therein,
and for other purposes.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
legislative, &c., appropriation bill, and pend-
ing that motion I move that all debate on the
pending proposition in the committee, which
is the amendment of the gentleman from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Donnelly,] in regard to the De-
partment of Education, shall close in fifteen
minutes after the committee shall resume the
consideration of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will
extend the time to half an hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The matter
was discussed for more than half an hour the
other day.
Mr. PAINE. It.isavery importantprovision.
Mr. WASHBUllNE, of Illinois. I will
modify my motion and say in twenty minutes.
Mr. BO UTWELL. We ought not to he lim-
ited to fifteen or twenty minutes on a matter
of this importance.
The K PISAKER. An amendment is in order.
Mr. BOUTWKLL. I move to amend so as
to close debate in thirty minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T hope
that will not be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to; and the mo-
tion to close debate as amended was agreed to.
Jl'Iie motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole was then put and agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the_ Union, [Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, in the
chair,] and resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the bill (H. R. No f>05)
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June,
18B9.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is the amendment moved by the gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] upon which
debate, by order of the House, has been lim-
ited to half an hour.
The amendment was to insert as follows,
before the portion relating to "United States
Mint and assay office: "
^ Department of Education:
For compensation of the Commissioner of Educa-
tion, $4,000; for chief clcik, 82,000; tor one clerk of
ola^i four, £l,tsu0: tor one clerk ot class three, jl.SOO.
Eor stationery, blank books, and miscellaneous
items, 8:1,000
Mr. PIIELPS. Irise to advocate the amend
rnent.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the amend-
ment has been exhausted. The gentleman
can propose an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS._ I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "for one clerk of
class three, $1,000." I do this in order that
I may have the opportunity to say a few words
in support of the amendment of the gentleman
from Minnesota, [Mr. Donnelly,] and in be-
half of the important and valuable Department
which a majority of the Committee on Appro-
priations have very unadvisedly, in my judg-
ment, undertaken to suppress. That amend-
ment designs simply to continue an appropri-
ation for an established department under an
existing law. If it contained anything which,
in my opinion, in the slightest degree impaired
State prerogatives or infringed upon reserved
popular rights, those who are familiar with my
views upon that subject might be sure that I
would he the last to support it. But I have
earefully considered all the objections which
have been urged against this Department of
Education upon the ground of alleged conflict
with the Constitution of the United States, and
I am bound to say that in my opinion they are
entitled to very little, if any weight. If the
organization of this Department contemplated
anything like supervision or control over the
several school systems of the various States,
if it undertook to interfere with them in any
way, to dictate the selection of their teachers
or the building of their school-houses, the
choice of methods or of hooks, or tended to
come in collision in any degree with school
systems as established in the several States,
then, and to that extent I should consider it
unquestionably a case of usurped power, in
clear violation of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. But the bill establishing that De-
partment provides for nothing of the kind. It
requires the Department of Education to limit
its operations to two specific objects : first, the
collection of statistics and other facts bearing
upon the general subject of education ; and, sec-
ondly, the diffusion of the information thus
collected to aid the people of the several States
to promote the cause of education therein.
But it has been objected that this duty, con-
ceding the constitutional right, would be more
conveniently left to the several States; that
the subject of education is one with which it is
no1 proper that the General Government should
cofMern itself, even in this merely auxiliary or
ancillary way. A moment's reflection, Mr.
Chairman, will suggest ceitain aspects of the
subject in which, from the very nature of the
case, the several States cannot satisfactorily
perform the duties which it is contemplated
this Department shall exercise, or which they
cannot exercise to so efficient and thorough a
degree as a Department under the auspieies of
the General Government.
It is obvious, for instance, that a collation of
the laws and comparison of the systems of the
several States, accompanied with that informa-
tion as to their practical operation which is not
derived from the representative men of those
States, can be conducted to much better ad-
vantage at the seat of the Federal Govern-
ment than elsewhere. Such a comprehensive
view of the whole field of education in this
country is one of the first steps toward improve-
ment, by enabling each of the States to acquire
and profit by the experience of all the rest.
But this view of the case is insignificant
when compared witli the infinitely greater value
of a Department of Education established at
Washington in its relation with foreign Govern-
ments. and particularly those of Europe. No
State, however liberal might be its appropria-
tions, could enjoy the facilities for correspond-
ence with those Powers, or possess the advan-
tages for establishing a focus of intelligence
from all quarters of the civilized world, which
belong to a national department at the head-
quarters of the Government.
It has been further objected that there has
been no appreciable result from the opera-
tions of this Department, though it has now
