1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3299
kings, as monarchs and wiiip masters, to drive
the negro atid all who did not own them to
lick the hand that lashed their backs. They
went on in this dreadful war of death, the
most inhuman, one that has ever been visited
upon any country, the Indian savage in his
rude state to the contrary notwithstanding.
[Laughter.] Nakedness exposed to the lash
of the rod in the hands of rebels, and that
upon the bare backs of the females, the loyal
wives of the husbands of the South. They
have run on for four long, dreadful, bloody
years; they have strewn the South with human
graves ; and the loyal bones of the men of the
North lie rotting upon the hills of the South
without Christian burial to-day. And while
they were thus running riot in blood and in
triumph over the sacrifice of human life and
assailing the stars and stripes, and civil, polit-
ical, and religious governments, they were
overtaken and crushed out. And now, when
they have been crushed out, they come up and
state what? That we surrendered; we surren-
dered. That is not the term now. They said
they submitted. They never surrendered only
when they were captured-by the mighty armies
of the Republic that were for the perpetuation
of the Government of our fathers and sought
to perpetuate the right of all beings to stand
before the burning eye of God, accountable to
Him who died for them, that the will of man
should be free. That is the power that brought
them down ; that power that stood here under
the stars and stripes that waved over the bloody
fields of 1776 and rode the storm against the
British lion. [Laughter.] It met the southern
Anak and negro god and made it bow—the
Democratic party as its figure-head—that had
been reveling in blood, that had plundered the
public Treasury of the United States and beg-
gared it, that ravaged the public arsenals and
carried away the arms, and had eaptured the
whole sea-coast and every vessel in every har-
bor. And now, after having done that, "Let
us alone," they say, "while we are pulling the
apples from the tree; do not you throw rocks
at us;" [laughter,] "just let us alone." We
used some few gentle words and they only
defied us and mocked at us.
Now, we came in council together and took
to our bosom an old man called Abraham.
[Laughter.] Ay, and he looked into that pit,
and he saw there Dives who had driven the
negro Lazarus from his table and would not
give him even the crumbs. And he saw a
figure coming up with its garments dyed in
blood. "Who is that I see on the black
horse, with th-e sword drawn against the rain-
bow of hope and promise of the world, the
stars and stripes?" [Laughter.] "ItiaDeath,
riding under the ensign of the Democratic
party of the South, in open war against human
liberty and human rights.'' Then, oh, my soul,
look down and wonder at them coming up now
as doves, holy, and never having imbrued their
hands in bloodl [Laughter.] Now, we ask
to be forgiven. Oh, yes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MULLINS. Give me two minutes
longer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield the gen-
tleman five minutes longer.
Mr. MULLINS. Why, Mr. Speaker, I had
to some extent forgotten that I was limited,
for I was speaking on an illimitable subject,
one that is as broad as the canopy of heaven
spread over the civilized world; one, too, which
not only shook the continent of America, but
htirled in deep weeds of mourning all the peo-
ple of the eastern world that look out for the
coming of a promised land, for fear that it was
to be smitten down, that it was to hang its head
and become a despotism instead of the asylum
of all the oppressed. Nevertheless, under the
 gis of the goddess of American liberty and
the Federal flag we have met the diseases of
the swamps; we have met every pestilence that
walketh in darkness or wasteth at noon-day ;
we have lain under the burning sun of the South
upon our arms. What to do ? To catch and
capture in a human way, but at the point of the
bayonet, the Democratic party headed by John
C. Calhoun at first, and then by Breckinridge,
and Toombs, and Rhett, and Cheves, and the
whole gang. And when we have caught them
and got them they say, " Oh, now, look you
here 1 you are breaking the Constitution into a
thousand pieces." Why? " Why, you have
taken my negroes and set them free, and such
a thing never was known before in all the Israel
of God.'' [Laughter. ]
Why did we set them free ? Why did we do
it? You began the fight. You were killing
your own children to protect human slavery.
We thought we had better set them free, and
if we had compromised on that, we never
could have saved the nest. To save the nest we
had to break the eggs, and in breaking the eggs
we thereby struck the snake—this mighty cop-
perhead—a death wound, which even reached
its vitals. [Laughter.] What was the very
element that prompted you to go into rebel-
lion? Human slavery. We struck at it, and
when we reached that step, under the lead of
that old monarch—that old monarch, did I
say ? I take that back; that old patriarch,
Abraham of old, or Abraham of modern times,
and under his lead we lifted our banner and
said seven times seven we will march around
.the walls of this Babylon—this Democratic
Babylon—like Joshua of old, and with our
rams' horns give a great blast. [Laughter.]
Finally we gave them the last blast. Sherman
run through like a dose of salts, [laughter,]
like a flying, fiery eagle, and Grant, like a
mighty anaconda, [laughter,] stretched round
and with his right hand took Sherman by the
left, and Sherman with his right took Grant by
the left, and they said, "Now a long pull, a
strong pull, and a pull altogether," and out
fell the bottom of the rebellion, [laughter;]
every hoop broke loose, and they were turned
out upon the common plain of civilization and
human rights loose, like the poor fellow's milk.
[Laughter.] Then we told them, " Go home
and mind your business ; do not take up arms
any more against us; and, look here, above all
things obey the laws of your land, and you
shall be protected in all your rights, personal
and pecuniary." But we never at any tune said,
you shall have political rights; that never has
been recorded.
One thing I declare now, that that obligation
has never been released, Andrew Johnson to
the contrary notwithstanding, and they are
prisoners of war to-day. Now they come up
to be pardoned. Every one of them was en-
gaged in this unholy rebellion. They drove
away from the State the loyal men of the State,
from their homes and their families, unless
they happened to own twenty negroes, when
they could be allowed to remain as overseers.
If they did not own that many negroes then the
conscript officers came along. If they were
dodged, what next? Why, the bloodhounds
raised in the South to run down negroes were
used by the conscript officers to run down these
men. They did that in my own district; so help
me God that was so. And now they say there
was no crime in it. What are the facts? I want
to enumerate them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Several Members. Let his time be ex-
tended.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well ; I will
yield for another five minutes.
Mr. MULLINS. Now about the blood-
hounds around my own door. I was driven
out because I loved the flag of my country, and
never bowed the knee to Baal. I went out and
we conquered these men. What next? We
undertook to start a civil government there,
and I undertake to say that ninety-nine out of
every hundred of the rebels were against it.
We brought many of them in, though they had
been in the rebellion ; and then no sooner do
they get inside of the fortifications than they
turn their backs upon^us.
Now, here is George W. Jones, with whom I
have been personally acquainted over forty
years. He is personally a gentleman ; he was
raised a mechanic, learning the saddlers' trade,
I believe. He won his way up gradually. If
he had not owned a negro he would not
have voted in the southern confederacy. He
was an elector on the Douglas ticket. As
soon as the election was over the State was
voted out of the Union by between forty-one
and forty-two thousand. Mr. Jones bowed his
head and went out with the State, and accepted
a position in the confederate Congress at Rich-
mond, as confederate representative from my
congressional district. When he came home,
and we attempted to set up a civil government,
he never attempted to help us in any shape ox
form that I ever heard of. I know him per-
sonally ; he.has been in my house and I have
been in his. I was sheriff for six years in suc-
cession, and every year he was there. He did
not attempt to aid iij setting up a civil govern-
ment ; had he done so, the franchise bill of
Tennessee to-day would have admitted him to
the ballot-box. But he is without the camp.
Now, without petitioning for it himself, or
doing anything of the sort, he seeks to be
relieved of his disabilities. Why? For the
same reason, I fear, that so many are asking
for it; because by the bad doings of this dread-
ful rebellion they have taken such an emetic
that it vomits them out on the figure-head of
the Democratic platform. He comes and asks
pardon, not through himself, but through a
friend. If he would help us set up a civil
government I would go in for it. But the
Ku-Klux-Klati broke in the windows of the
post office, and he sat there 
[Here the hammer fell. ]
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles ; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (IT. II. No. 867) for the relief of
Jonathan Jessup, postmaster at York, Penn-
sylvania ;
An act (H. R. No. 1120) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to change the names
of certain vessels ;
An aet(II. R. No.1218)'appropriating money
to sustain the Indian commission and carry
out treaties made thereby ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 246) directing
the Secretary of State to present to George
Wright, master of the British brig J. and G.
Wright, a gold chronometer, in appreciation
of his personal services in saving the lives of
three American seamen, wrecked at sea on
board of the American schooner Lizzie F.
Choate, of Massachusetts ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 268) for the
relief of Robert L. Lindsay ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 295) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to remit the
duties on certain articles contributed to the
National Association of American Sharp-
shooters.
removal of political disabilities.
The House resumed the consideration <^f the
bill for the removal of political disabilities;
upon which Mr. Farnsworth was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a short time ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. For how long?
Mr. BROOKS. For five or ten minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield to my
colleague on the Committee on Reconstruction
for five minutes.
Mr. BROOKS. I had intended to reply to
the honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farxsworth.] But the interposition of the
very eloquent speech of the very eloquent gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Molmns] has
quite disarmed me of saying what I had intended
to say. And I would say to my friend foom
Ohio, who usually sits near me, [Mr. Bingham,]
that if he does not look out for his laurels he
will soon find outthatin all respects as re^arda
eloquence and poetical beauty the star of Ten-
nessee will outshine the star of Ohio.
This bill should be carefully looked at in
