1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
been in operation for several months. This
objection touches the qualifications of the Com-
missioner, a point in which I have but one word
to say. The gentleman who has been selected
by the President and confirmed by the Senate
as the head of this Department has for more
than a quarter of a century earned by his
zeal and practiaal accomplishments in the
cause of education, not only a national, but a
European reputation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. HARDING. I object to the withdrawal
of the amendment to the amendment until I
have had an opportunity to say a few words
upon this subject.
Mr. PHELPS." Then I will not withdraw
tlie amendment to the amendment. But I will
n&k the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hard-
ing] to yield to me a moment, until I can have
an extract read by the Clerk.
Mr. HARDING. Iwillyieldforthatpurpose.
Mr. PHELPS. In connection with the char-
acter of the Commissioner of Education and
his qualifications for the position he holds, T
ask the Clerk to read an extract from a note
to the second volume of Kent's Commenta-
ries, page 196, to show the estimation in which
the labors of that gentleman were held by
Chancellor Kent in 1845.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The report of the hoard of commissioners of
common schools, instituted in 1838, and made to the
Legislature of Connecticut in May, 1839, was accom-
panied bytlie report to that board of IXonry Barnard,
secretary of the board, containing a laborious and
thorough examination of tho condition of the com-
mon schools in every part of the State. It is a bold
a-nd slirtlinrr document, founded on the most pains-
taking and critical inquiry, and contains a minute,
accurate, comprehensive, and instructive exhibition
of the practical condition and operation of the com-
mon school system of education."
This is tho testimony of Chancellor Kent,
given more than a quarter of a century ago.
Without trespassing further npon the courtesy
of my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Harding,] I
shall seek an opportunity to produce other
evidence to the same point.
Mr. HABDING-. I cannot yield further to
the gentleman.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to make a few re-
marks in reference to this Department of Ed-
ucation, because I have been pointed at even
by my constituents for the course which I took
at a former session, when the bill establishing
this Department was passed by this House. 1
opposed that bill not from any want of interest
in the subject of the education of the people
of my country. I hold as firmly and earnestly
as any man on this floor the doctrine that in-
telligence is the life of liberty, that without
universal education we cannot hope to main-
tain our Republic. But, sir, I am jealous of
national establishments for purposes of this
character, which may, perhaps, in the end,
accomplish a control of public opinion. 1
would as soon vote for a bureau that should
have the supervision of the public press of the
country or of the religion of tho country as I
would for a bureau that should control the sub-
ject of education throughout the nation.
My colleague [Mr. Baker] said the other
day that he wanted to "unitize" the nation
by means of education. Sir, that word appro-
priately applies to monarchies. Under a mon-
archical Government you will find in every
communication from the throne to its agents
some such declaration as this: "Unitize public
sentiment in favor of the throne by instilling
into the minds of the masses uniform senti-
ments which shall sustain the throne<"
Sir, it is by the untrammeled exercise of
the motive-powers of education, such as phi-
lanthropy, patriotism, and morality, that we
shall best accomplish the education of the
people. Our existing system, of winch we are
proud, has given us schools and seminaries
and colleges which are competing with each
other, and in this competition we shall find the
best means of educating the people,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. BAKER. I renew it. Mr. Chairman,
I said the other day that I desired, in a certain
sense, to unitize the mind of the Republic. I
certainly do so desire, and that for a high and
a sound reason. In a certain important re-
spect the mind of the nation should be one.
For the want of this unity we have recently
been subjected to the terrible baptism of blood
through which the country has passed.
Sir, I have due respect for tho rights of the
States. There are certain great parts of our
liberties which can be best protected and nur-
tured by the States; but there are certain great
ideas of nationality which should pervade the
public mind of the entire Republic.
Now, sir, we have statistics of commerce;
we have statistics of agriculture ; we have sta-
tistics of every species of trade and of every
material interest, and, sir, it is appropriate
that we should have statistics of the mind, of
the mental culture of the Republic.
It is a total misapprehension of the intent
and bearing of the bill which was passed dur-
ing the Thirty-Ninth Congress to suppose that
it can have no substantive and valuable opera-
tion. There is nothing more appropriate to
lay before the intelligent readers and educators
of the country than a summary statement from
time to time of the condition of culture in
every part of the Republic.
As I intimated the other day, there are two
great ideas which ought to enter into thestates-
manship of our country. One is the encour-
agement of intercommunication, by which all
commercial commodities and the people in
masses may be transported cheaply to and from
every part of the country and by which provincial
centers may be proven ted fro m forming and seek-
ing to segregate themselves in the very bosom
of the Republic. The other great, idea, tend-
ing to the same result, is the encouragement
of national culture in certain, important re-
spects—in harmony, however, witli that diver-
sified culture which should grow up and be
fostered by the respective parts. I think the
committee will commit a great mistake if they
expunge from the statutes "of the Republic this
first recognition of the grand idea of a national
culture  
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment in order to make a few additional re-
marks. In reference to the expense of this
Department I feel it my duty to say, in order
to relieve the minds of gentlemen who profess
to be disturbed by economical scruples, that
the whole annual expense for the support of
this Department according to the original es-
timate was just $30,700, and by the proposed
amendment is considerably less than that sum.
The majority of the committee has saved that
$30,000 by destroying the Department of Ed-
ucation, and reported for contingent expenses
of the House an appropriation for a much larger
sum for the single items of newspapers and
stationery for members. That will do very
well for economy.
I now ask the Clerk to read the following
additional paragraph from Kent's Commenta-
ries, which 1 had not time before to get in.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Sincethe last edition of these Commentaries Ilmve
examined the Connecticut Common School Journal,
published under the diicction of tho bimrd of com-
missioners of common schools at Hartford, between
18o9 and 1842, in four volumes; also, the third and
fourth annual reports of the board of commissioners
of common schools in Connecticut, and also tho sev-
eral reports of Henry Barnard, Esq., secretary of the
board, the most able, efficient, and best informed
officer that could, perhaps, be engaged in tho service,
and pamphlets from the same source on school-houso
architecture, and on legal provision respecting the
education and employment of children in factories,
and they contain a digest of th e fullestand most val-
uable information that is readily to be obtained on
the subject of common schools both in Europe and
the United States."
Mr. PHELPS. In reference to the charac-
ter and quantity of the work already accom-
plished by the Department of Education within
the first year of its establishment, I ask the
clerk to read the following items, of the value
of which each gentleman will judge for him-
self without comment of mine.
The Clerk read as follows:
Memoranda an to work completed within the first year
of the establishment of the United States Department
of Education.
I. Report on the system, of publio schools of tho
District of Columbia, together with an account of
the system and statistics of public instruction in the
principal cities of tho United States. A document
of 400 pages.
II. Report on school codes of the United States,
embracing tho first school act of cach State, with all
tho subsequent modifications of the sarae, and tho
law as it stood on the 1st of January, 1868, with the
provisions which have been introduced into the suc-
cessive constitutions of each State on the subject of
schools and education.
III. Bcpoit on the national land grants to tha
several States for educational purposes:
part 1. Grants for colleges of agriculture and tho
mechanic arts, with an account of the institutions
which havo been established on the basis, or with
the aid of these grants.
IV. Keport on institutions and agencies for the
professional education of teachers in tho several
States, including the State normal schools, city
training schools, teachers' institutes, and Stat©
teachers' associations in each State.
V. Report on the principles of school architecture,
and plansifor tho internal arraugement, ventilation,
and warming of buildings designed for educational
uses.
Part 2. Plans for graded schools, with two hun-
dred and fifty wood cuts of buildings recently
orectccl.
VI. Report on national education in Europe:
Part 1. Gormany.
Paiit 2. Switzerland.
Mr. PHELPS. As gentlemen who wish to
vote intelligently may not have found the time
to visit the Department and satisfy themselves
by a personal examination of the results al-
ready attained, as to the competency of the
Commissioner to handle the subjects intrusted
to his administration, T desire to offer some
oilier opinions on the point than my own,
whose authority, I presume, will not be dis-
puted.
The Westminster Review for January, 1854,
says:
"Mr. Barnard in his work on 'national education
in Europe,'has collected and arranged more valua-
ble information and statistics than can be iound in
any one volume in the English language. It groups,
under one view, tho varied experience of nearly ail
civilized countries."
The following are from continental writers
of recognized educational authority:
"The new school-houses in the United States, so
well adapted to their objects, both m their exterior
and interior, are visible marks of his zeal, liis
'School Architecture' has been widely influential in
America; and, fcince the Edinburgh Review called
attention to its merits, the results of his suggestions
are already manifest in England, 41 have often had
occasion to admire the magic influence of Dr. Bar-
nard, hit brilliant powers of eloquence, and his great
administrative talents.'" Dr. n'immer's Die Kirche
und Schule in Nord Amerikn. Leipzig, 1853.
"Dr. Barnard, by his writings on school architec-
ture, has oieated a new department in educational
literature." Dr. Vogel. Leipzig. t
" When I contemplate tho picture of the immense
mental labor accomplished in this way (by Mr. Bar-
nard, in his labors to build up a system of public
schools in Rhode Island,) when 1 think of what a
mass of information has thus been spread, and how
c-onviction has, as it were, been made to force itself
upon every home, every head, and every heait;
when I behold a people awakened to the conscious-
ness of agrcat public evil, and in a manner driven
out of their houses to correct it; when I see all this,
I confess I am more affected by this crusade against
dilapidated school-houses, inefficient schoolmasters,
and faulty methods of instruction, than by many of
the enterprises that aro more lauded in history.
Siljttroin'a Educational Institutions of the United
States. Stockholm, 1802.
Mr. WOODWARD. I would like the gen-
tleman to point out in the Constitution the
clause which authorizes the Government to do
this. ' c
Mr. PHELPS. In the qualification or defi-
nition of the taxing power in the eighth section
of the first article, expressly empowering Con-
gress to collect taxes to pay the debts and
provide for the general welfare of the United
States; and, further, to make all laws which
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the foregoing powers. It is in that
clause that I find the authority, not as con-
strued by myself, but as construed by the Su-
preme Court of the United States in McCul-
loch vs. Maryland in 4 Wheaton,
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
