2276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April "8,
/ jnitted to such grand jury for investigation,
founded upon publiorumor, statementsin public
journals, or the common history of the times,
provided he be otherwise competent, and upon
his oath dcclare, and it appear to the satisfaction
of the court that, notwithstanding such opin-
ion, he can and will act impartially upon the
matters to be submitted, and true presentment
jpakq according to the evidence; but the court
may, jn its discretion, set aside any such person.
In > trials for public offenses against the Uni-
ted States no person is to be held to be incom-
petent to act as a juror by reason of having
formed or expressed an opinion upon the guilt
or- innocence of the accused, founded upon
public rumor, statements in public journals,
or the common history of the times, provided
he be otherwise competent, and upon his oath
declare, and it appear to the satisfaction of
the court that, notwithstanding such opinion,
he can and will impartially try the accused
upon the crime charged in the indictment, and
a true verdict give upon the evidence to be
produced upon the trial; but the court may,
m its discretion, set aside any such juror.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure that that
bill meets with the approbation of the Senator
from Indiana. My recollection is that it was
approved by all the other members of the
committee. I say I am not sure he approves
of it, because he told me yesterday, if I under-
stood him correctly, that ho desired to speak
to the bill when it was called up again. I
suggest, therefore, to the chairman that he had
better let it be laid aside informally until that
Senator is in the Chamber.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will prob-
ably be in in a moment; and in the mean time
1 will suggest a slight amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to say, not
wishing to speak again on the subject, that my
opinion is the bill does not change the law at
all, but there are various opinions upon" the
subject thfoughout the United States, in the
courts of the United States and the State
courts. _ Some of them think the formation of
an opinion of itself is sufficient to exclude a
juror; others that it must be not only the
forming but the expressing of an opinion ;
while others think that neither forming nor
expressing an opinion, if it be formed upon
the grounds stated in this bill, ought to exclude.
I thmk in the case of the United States vs.
Burr, tried before Mr. Chief Justice Marshall
and his associate, they ruled that the forma-
tion and expression of an opinion would ex-
clude ; but that is not, I am sure, the judg-
ment of very many of the courts of the United
States at the present time ; and I am not cer-
tain that it is now the ruling in England. It
will be at oncc seen that in all cases that pro-
duce a strong impression upon the public mind
the newspapers of the day state their under-
standing of the facts, and are calculated to
form the opinion of the public. It is very
difficult, therefore, in a case of that descrip-
tion, to find a person who has not formed some
opinion, either upon the law or the facts; and
that is especially the case in relation to all
pplitical offenses. But if a man is known by
the court to be an honest man—and this is left
to the judgment of the court—we must trust
the court it he is known or believed to be an-
honest man, and he swears, notwithstanding
the then impression, that he feels that he will
be able to render a fair verdict, and the court
so think from the character of the man and the
manner in which he states his belief in his
power to decide impartially, I do not see why
he should not be permitted to be a juror.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator
from Maryland is probably correct in his view
that the better rule is that which this bill pre-
scribes, and that it is already the law. 1 am
quite sure it is held so to be in many of the
States ; but there is some contrariety of opin-
ion on the subject, and it was thought better
to have an act which would make the practice
uniform. I desire to suggest a slight amend-
ment. In section two, line two, I move to
strike Out the word "public" before the word
'' offenses;" so that it will read: "In trial for
offenses against the United States." It does
not change the meaning at all; but I think the
word "public" had better be left out. It is a
mere verbal-alteration.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In line ten of the same
section, after the word " indictment," I move
to insert the words " or information;" so that
it will read: " Upon the crime charged in the
indictment or information and a true verdict
give."
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. BAYARD. I have never examined this
measure before, but it seems to me that this
bill is hardly necessary upon any conslruction
that I can conceive, and I think it is dangerous
in its principles. I believe the principle to be
sound and true that a man who has formed and
expressed an opinion for or against an accused
person ought not to sit as a juror in the trial of
his cause. It matters not as to the reasons
upon which that opinion has been formed and
expressed. The real reason why a man is held
not to be impartial and fit to act as a juror in
a particular case after having formed and
expressed an opinion in that case—the mere
forming of an opinion is not sufficient—is that
from the pride of human opinion men would
necessarily be biased in their action in the
case; and the object is to secure entire impar-
tiality. Are you to waive that in particular
cases, cases where it may be there is a diffi-
culty in the selection of a jury? Compare the
difference of the two principles. The impar-
tiality of the juror in the case is an essential
principle of justice. In a few individual in-
stances it may be that forming and expressing
an opinion may exclude a great number of per-
sons and create difficulty in obtaining a jury
for the trial of the accused; but in no case
can it entirely prevent such a trial, because
there is the right of change of venue.
I submit, therefore, without further time to
look into the questions connected with it, that
this is a dangerous innovation upon the settled
principle of law founded on the necessity of
the impartial action of justice in reference to
persons accused of crime. The reasons given
for making an exception of persons who have
formed their opinion founded upon public
rumor, statements of public journals, or com-
mon history cannot avoid the eifect of the rule
itself, because it matters not what may be the
reasons or grounds oil which a man has formed
and expressed an opinion. The basis which
rejects him on the ground of want of impar-
tiality is the pride of human opinion founded
on an expressed opinion. I think, therefore,
that the bill ought not to pass. With regard
to grand juries it would make very little differ-
ence. In the case of a petit jury, where it
may affect the liberty or life of the accused, I
think the innovation upon the general prin-
ciple of law unsound.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of
the Senator from Illinois what those amend-
ments were? I was not in tlie Chamber at the
time they were made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Striking out in the sec-
ond line of the second section the word "pub-
lic" before the word "offenses," and in the
tenth line inserting the words "or informa-
tion" after the word "indictment." The first
is merely a verbal amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire what the
private conversation is that is going on be-
tween the Senator from Illinois and the Sena-
tor from Indiana?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is of very little
consequence.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In reply to the Sena-
tor from Missouri I will say that the conversa-
tion in no way affects the honor of Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. But perhaps it may refer to
the bill before the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I had the honor to
inquire of the Senator from Illinois, as chair-
man'of the Committee on the Judiciary, what
the amendments made in Committee of the
Whole were. I made this inquiry because I
was a member of the same committee with
him, and desired to know in what respect the
bill was changed.
Mr. DRAKE. I merely wished to know if
it referred to the bill before the Senate. I
should like to have the pleasure of hearing the
conversation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, that the Sen-
ator from Missouri may know exactly what
the conversation was, which, unquestionably
as a member of this body is his constitutional
right, I will say that the Senator from Illinois
explains that in the second line of the second
section the word "public" is stricken out be-
fore the word "offenses," and in the tenth
line after the word "indictment" the words
"or information" are inserted. That is the
extent of the information communicated to me
by the Senator from Illinois. [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. I am much obliged to the
honorable Senator from Indiana.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I confess my-
self unfriendly to this bill. Of all the rights
that are secured by human government I be-
lieve the right of trial by an impartial jury to
be the most important. Indeed, I do not think
that any system of government could possibly be
devised, even by the honorable and able Sen-
ator from Illinois, who has stood at the head
of the Committee on the Judiciary for so many
years, that would be worth preserving if it dis-
pensed with the right of trial by an impartial
jury in criminal cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would not do that.
Mr. DAVIS. I am not certain that the hon-
orable Senator's measure is not the initiation
of such an innovation. It is certainly a change
upon the right to the trial by jury as defined
by Chief Justice Marshall in his opinions in
the case of Burr. I agree with the honorable
Senator from Delaware, that not only the
safety, but the glory of the trial by jury is to
have impartial jurymen. I do not believe that
it is within the scope of human nature to be an
impartial juror in any case in which an opin-
ion has been formed and expressed, whether
upon rumor, upon newspaper publications, or
history, or having heard the evidence in some
other way in advance. The honorable Senator
from Delaware has well said that from the in-
firmity of human nature there is an inherent
pride of opinion, of consistency of opinion, of
firmness in adhering to an opinion ; and where
ever that .state of mind exists, whether it has
been produced by rumor, or public histofy. or
the hearing of evidence on oath, in my judg-
ment and according to my expeiience, it is an
insuperable barrier against the requisition of
impartiality in a juror. I have had some iiuie
experience in the trial of criminal cases, and,
to the best of my recollection, in all the thou-
sands of jurors that I have heard examined on
their voir dire to ascertain whether they were
impartial and competent jurors I never have
known of a solitary instance in which a man
has formed or expressed his opinion of the
guilt or innocence of the accused, from what-
ever sources or character of information he
formedthat opinion, upon that he was an im-
partial juror in the case.
Sir, if the question was put to me to-day,
will you yield the right of trial by jury or the
whole Government besides, I would sooner
yield the whole Government besides than that
single and most inestimable right of the citi-
zen. The commendations of the importance
and the value of that right and its indispen-
sable necessity to a free government and a free
people that have been given to it by Montes-
quieu and Blackstone and other enlightened
writers throughout the world I fully accord
with.
_ Now,^ Mr. President, here certainly is an
innovation upon the right of trial by jury. If
the bill makes no alteration in the law of
juries, there is no necessity for it. We can-
not presume that as able and as learned a lawyer
