THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
July 25S,
time and out of place for me to address the
Senate as X chose to address it upon that
question yesterday, especially as what, I said
was in reply to Senators oil the other side.
Allusion was made to the fact that I was not
here when the hill passed. Ou the night when
this bill was considered I was not in good
health, and did not suppose that the custom
and usage of the Senate to consider ordinary
matters would be departed from, and extraor-
dinary measures be pressed upon its consider-
ation. Therefore X was not here. But, sir,
when the bill came before the S nate again by
the ai guinent of the honorable Senators 1 have
mentioned, it was not only my fight, but, in
ray judgment, an imperative duty at the very
first opportunity I could command, to admon-
ish the country of the danger to the public
peace that was involved, us I thought, in the
passage of the bill.
The Senator from Ohio said that this bill
did not change existing laws, but that such a
distribution of arms can be made under exist-
ing laws. Sir, 1 am aware of the existence of
a law under which lrora year to year arms are
distributed among the Stales ; and if this bill
makes no change in the law why does the Sen-
ator from Ohio say that in order to make it
a law he will stay here during the heat of
summer and the cold of winter along with the
President? Sir, if it lie a measuie of .such
importance in the judgment of the Senator, it
must 111 some respect change existing law ; and,
as I think, it does depart from existing law in
two respects, first, in regard to the number of
arms that arc to be distributed among the States,
and in the next place it is palpable that no law
heretofore existing enabled the Governors of
any States to arm one political party against
another. In that respect it is an innovation
upon the legislation o( the country.
The Senator referred again to the reports of
outrages in the southern States. That story
has been repeated in I lie Senate and elsewhere
without evidence in its support until it has
ceased to be valuable as a political appeal.
The country understands th.it now; it has
ceased to be sensational any more. The Sen-
ator from Ohio referred to the extraordinary
statement communicated from lhe convention
of Texas by the Senator from Weft A irgima;
and that is an argument here, that it is Mated
that nine hundred people have been murdered
in the State of Texas! That is an argument
to pass this bill, and Texas is one of the three
States that aie not provided for in the bill
itself. The most shocking state of society is
proven to exist in the State of Texas, it is
claimed, woise, perhaps, than in any of the
States; and yet fexas is excluded from the
bill, and why? if there is more disorder in
Texas than elsewhere, if arms are to be dis-
tributed to maintain the puuiic peace, and for
no other purpose. and it be shown to you by
sufficient evidence that Texas is in a worse
condition than any of the Stales, why is 'Texas
omitted trom the bill? Why, except ihattkeie
is no election to take place in Texas this fall?
Again-, reference is made to tiie case of the
murder of one man iu the State of Georgia.
3N*ow, sir, it is not proper for me to discuss
that case. Extraordinary thing's have been
announced over tiie country m regard to that
1 hope one half wc have heard is not
President. I did not assume to know what his
views were. I expressed very earnestly my
own judgment, a judgment irom winch I do
not expect to depart : that it is the right and
the duty of the President to defeat that bill by
an^ means within his power under the Consti-
tution. 1 did not say that the President con-
templated a veto or a withholding of the bill or
a signing of the bill; and therefore the Sena-
tor from Ohio was not authorised iu saying
that 1 spoke by authority.
In my humble judgment, the Senator from
Ohio has much more intimate relations with
this Administration than 1 am honored with;
not, perhaps, directly to the President, but
through the Treasury Department, owing, no
doubt, to his position at the head of the Finance
Committee of this body. For myself 1 am not
responsible for what the President does, an 1
he is not responsible for what I choose to say.
1 have not seen that distinguished officer for
more than six weeks. 1 am not honored with
his confidence, and I do not obtrude my views
upon him.
1 saw in one of the papers this morning—
my attention was called to it—a statement that
within a few hours before 1 addressed the Sen-
ate yesterday I had been in consultation with
tile President, and had no doubt expressed his
views. I am glad that Ihere are some news-
papers that do not command public conlidence,
and therefore neither 1 nor Hie President can
be hurt by statements of that soil,. 1 repeat,
sir, in answer to anything of that, sort, that I
have not, had tile honor of an interview with
the President for more than six weeks past. 1
did not have occasion to call upon linn, and
he had no occasion, 1 presume, to ask my view's
upon any subject.
The same paper says that I declared it to he
the view ol' the President that these recou- j
stnieted Slates are not to be respected or re-
garded as States by the lixeeutive. 1 expressed
no opinion upon that at all. I did not discuss j
that subject. I did not allude to it. 1 con-
lined myself to the simple proposition that you |
weie enacting a law whereby one political party
might be armed as against another; and thai
you insisted tiiatthaiarining should take place
belore the piesideutial election Came round. }
That was the subject, of my argument, and 1 1
(lid not, go outside ol" ii yesterday. What the !
President's views ol'his duty in regard to these I
southern States aie 1 ha\e no iutoi iiiation be- j
yond that in the possession of any other Sena-
tor. His views as expressed in his veto are \
known to you as well as to me. And 1 do not
undertake upon that or any other subject to
express his opinions, or to declare his pur- j
poses. While J respect his high ofliee, while !
1 support him in his policy in regard to the !
southern States, which has always recognized j
them as Slates m the Union, only awaiting the i
restoration of their practical relations to the i
Government, I atn in no sense his represent- 1
ativc in this body. J leave thai, if it be ne- [
cessary, to the Senators who contributed to J
his election.
Air. President, having placed the President !
right on this question, so far as an attempt i;
has been made to hold bun responsible for my
views, I have done now to-day all that 1 de- ;>
sired, i have no modification ol the views I ii
expressed yesterday to make; and I repeat the ;j
hope that that bill may never become a law
case,
true; and it is hardly proper that it should
be discussed while the trial is going on. And !l I hope it vviil fail iu the House of Hepresent-
a very wonderful trial it is! After the State {| atives ; I hope if it shall pass the House that
has been reconstructed^ as it is claimed, after |j it will fail elsewhere, because I consider it
the Legislature is in session, after the courts ;j dangerous to the public peace, and i atn aston-
are supposed again to be clothed with their ,! ished that Senators should speak of threats of
authority in that State, a crime is being tried ij violence when the}' themselves are supporting
by a military commission or court-martial. :' the only measure that does endanger the pub-
Sir, I will not discuss that case. i' lie peace.
But, sir, the principal purpose I had in Mr. MORTON. It is proper perhaps that 1
speaking now at all was to reply to the sugges- ij should say a wotd, not so much upon the ques-
tion made by the Senator from Ohio, that I j; lion of adjournment as upon the question of
spoke by authority. 1 did notsssume to speak i! the distribution of arms. So far as Indiana is
by authority; and when I did not assume to concerned she does not need these arms for
speak by authority 1 question the right of any ji any purpose of public safety or fur any elec-
Senator to say that i so spoke for the Presi jj tioueenlig purpose. Although the present Gov-
deat. 1 undertook to express no views of the II ernor yf Indiana is a pudiUate lor reelection, '
yet ifyou were to place the whole public arsenals
ol the United States in his hands it is veiy cer-
tain they would not be used to any extent, and
could not be, for the purpose of piomoiiug his
election. But, Mr. President, it having been
the policy of this Government to distribute arirs
at stated periods to all the States in this Cmoi.,
though they were at perfect peace with them-
selves and with the whole country, it need not
excite any suspicion or create any feelings of
uneasiness that, arms should be sent to Indiana
along with other States.
But, Mr. President, the argument adducid
against this distribution of arms by my honor-
able colleague is that they null be used in the
southern States especially for electioneering
purposes to carry an election; and it is de-
scribed as arming one political party against
another. Is it, arming a political party to arm
a State government? Is that the effect always ?
We have always armed State governments.
Can it be said with propriety that we are thereby
arming a political party? It is true that that
State government v\ill be in the hanus, per-
haps. of one party or of another; but we must
arm State governments and legal organizations.
Wo cannot arm the mob or arm a parly. So
far from these arms being sent tor electioneer-
ing purposes, or to carry an election, or to arm
one party against another, the simple truth is
that these aims ought to be sent to the recon-
structed States for the purpose of protecting
the State go\eruments against revolution and
destruction. They are threatened, and they
aie thieatened boldly, with revolution. We
have erected them, but so uir we have not pro-
tected them. We have built them up, and to
this time we have left them unprotected in ihe
midst of their armed enemies. Si.', if it is
right to have State governments at all it is
right to protect them against iheir enemies, let
tliem come irom what party they may Cume.
Ktnv, Mr. Picsidcnt, what is the actual state
of the case in the recoustiucted States? I
have just inquired of the Senators recently
admitted from these States, and they all teif
me that tli'-re is not a musket, or a piece of
ariiileiy in any of the State arsenals with which
those Stale governments can arm the militia
and protect themselves, in other wonis, they
are perlectly unprotected, not only without
arms, bill without money to buy arms.
Now, sir, what is our duty ' They are sur-
roundeu by a rebel and a hostile population in
gieat pail. The great body of the wlmes are
not only hostile to them, but thieatening to
revolutionize tiiem. These enemies have re
eenlly been in arms. There they are, orficers
and soldiers together; they can fall iu line
to morrow, tried and trained soldiers many of
tlieui. _ These governments are surround> d by
a hostile army that has just been disbanueU,
you may say, and that can come tog'eiher any
moment, upon a given signal; andihese hostile
bands by whom they are surrounded are armed.
\ou cannot find a rebel home hardly iu the
whole South that does not have its rifle and its
musket.
Mr. DltAKFj. Will the honorable Senator
allow me just there to furnish him with some
l.icts which I have obtained.
Mr. MOKLON. Certainly, sir, with pleas-
ure.
Mr. DRAKE. Since the debate here the
day before yesterday ou this subject, I have
made some investigations in regard lo the state
of tacts to which the honorable Senator from
Indiana is now leferring; and I learned Irom
an officer high ni command iu the Union Army,
wno would be as likely to know as any other,
that the number of rebels in the field iu the
fast year of the rebellion was about thiee bun-
died and fifty thousand. I then made investi-
gation to find out what quantity of small aims
the Government of the United States had suc-
ceeded in capturing from the rebels, and 1
mid that of every description of small arms,
excluding those, that were surrendered bv Lee,
t.ie whole number captured Irom the fall of
Vicksburg to the fati of the rebellion was oniv
one hundred and sixty-seven thousand tiva
