1252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
i Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish merely to say
tuat the necessity for this appropriation is
greater than when the bill was passed. It was
not contemplated by the law establishing a
Bureau of Education that the national Govern-
ment was to take control of education in the
several States ^ but the .purpose of the bureau
was to gather rroai the reports the experience
of all the States of the Union and the coun-
tries of Europe, where a system of public in-
struction is best understood and practiced, and
lay this information before all the people of
the country. And when we consider that ten
Estates are to be reorganized and restored to
the union, in which it is no injustice to say
that the cause of public instruction has not
been understood or practiced in times past;
when we consider that all these people, white
and black, are hereafter to be pupils to inaug-
urate and maintain a system of public instruc-
tion, if popular liberty is ever to be supported
in those States, the information which is to
enable these people to do this work during the
. experimental" period of the system of instruc-
tion in these States will be of inestimable value.
It is, therefore, of the highest importance that
this Government should furnish the means by
which that experience is to be perfected ; and
the trifling sum of ten or fifteen or twenty
thousand dollars a year is of no consequence
compared with the evils that will result from
the absence ot the information which it is in
the power of this Government, through this
bureau, to furnish.
I am therefore in favor of the appropriation.
I generally go with the chairman of the com-
mittee in all these economical measures; but
here is an economy which portends waste and
extravagance in the consequent ignorance of
twelve million people, whose ability to bear
the burdens in coming generations depends to
the extent of one half upon the fact whether
they are educated or ignorant. For it is a
truth which the history of the world in all ages
and at the present moment, from China to
Alaska, sustains, that people produce the neces-
saries, the conveniences, and the luxuries of
life just in proportion to their intelligence.
The most intelligent people always produce
every article for the comfort, convenience, or
luxury- of mankind cheaper than the same ar-
ticles are produced by ignorant people. Sir,
we shall get $5,000,000 of revenue from the
South if it is occupied by an intelligent people
easier than we get $2,000,000 of revenue if it
is inhabited by an ignorant people.
Mr. WOODWARD. I submit, Mr. Chair-
man, that the question before us does not
involve the value of education nor the econ-
omy of a system of national education, as the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Botit-
wellJ argues, nor the comparative merits of a
system of national education, as compared with
a system of State education, in regard to
which I should be very much inclined to agree
with my friend from Maryland, [Mr. Phelps.]
But the primary and fundamental question
which we have to meet before we go into these
subjects has reference to our power in the
premises. Have we the constitutional power
to vote the money proposed by this bill to any
system of education whatever? That is a
question to be answered, not by an appeal to
the Westminster Review, as my friend from
Maryland [Mr. Phelps] does, nor by an ap-
peal to the generous and philanthropic con-
siderations which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Boutwkll] suggests; but it is to
be answered by a simple reference to the text
of the Constitution which we have sworn to
support. Now. if gentlemen will show me that
any provision in that instrument authorizes
Congress to vote away money for the purpose
of education—I mean, of course, general edu-
cation, and not that technical military educa-
tion which is necessary for the defense of the
country ; I take the word in the general, com-
prehensive sense in which it must be taken m
this debate—I say if gentlemen will show me
any provision'in the Constitution which author-
ises us to establish, or foster and encourage a
system of general education, I will then be
willing to give due weight to other considera-
tions.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman please
iniorm us where the authority is derived for
establishing a Department of Agriculture or of
Statistics.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman ought
not to ask me such a question. I have never
yet voted a dollar to establish a bureau of agri-
culture or of statistics. There is a proposition
before one of our committees to tunnel the
Rocky_ mountains, and we have divers other
propositions of that kind presented, but I am
not committed to any one of these matters. I
do not choose at present to look any further
than to the subject immediately before us, and
that is the subject of education.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him where he gets the power to take
a census? It has been taken every decade
since the foundation of the Government.
Mr. WOODWARD. 1 believe the Consti-
tution provides for that expressly. Mr. Chair-
man, obviously such questions as these do not
answer the question which I ask. When I ask
gentlemen to point out to me our constitutional
power to do what, they ask us to do they ac-
complish nothing by asking me what powerwe
have to do something else,
Mr. SPALDING. If the gentleman will
pardon me, I will answer him ti-om the Con-
stitution itself:
" That Congress shall have power to lay and col-
lect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises "—
To do what?—
" to pay the debts and provide for the common de-
fense and general welfare of the United States."
I suppose that education is a part of " the
general welfare of the United States;" and
the Constitution gives us a right to collect
taxes to promote that general welfare. There,
I suppose, we find power enough in the Consti-
tution.
Mr. WOODWARD. I submit to the gentle-
man from Ohio whether in the Federalist or in
any exposition of the Constitution by any con-
stitutional writer, or by any judge of any court
or by any lawyer, that grant of power is under-
stood to include education?
Mr. SPALDING. I answer the gentleman
by saying that I know from my boyhood days
it has been a mooted question whether Con-
gress had a right to establish a national uni-
versity under the Constitution, but, at the same
time, there has been no adjudication on the
subject. The writers in the Federalist said
nothing about this clause, so far as it is appli-
cable to education ; but I suppose they left it
for the good sense of members of Congress to
give a construction to that power; and if that
is not a fair construction, why then the gen-
tleman has the advantage of me. That is all.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then, if I understand
the gentleman, he admits that neither Madison,
nor Hamilton, nor Jay, nor any judge of the
Supreme Court, nor Story, nor Kent, nor any
other commentator has affirmed that the power
of this Government extends to the subject of
education.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is closed on
the pending paragraph.
The amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
The question l-ecurred on Mr. Doxnelly's
amendment; and being put, there were—ayes
38, noes 45; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps
and Woodward were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 40, noes 61.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent to go back to page 12 of the bill
to otfer an amendment. It is a provision which
generally goes in the civil or miscellaneous
bill, but the Committee_ on Appropriations
think it had better come in in this bill. It is
for the compensation of parties connected
with the public buildings and grounds.
No objection was made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I then offer
the following amendment:
On page 12, after line two hundred and sixty three,
insert:
Public buildings and grounds:
For salary of the warden of the jail in the District
of Columbia, $2,000,
For compensation of laborer in charge of water
closet in the Capitol, $538. 0
For compensation of four laborers in the Capitol,
$2,880.
For compensation to the public gardener, $1,440.
For compensation of foreman and twenty-one
laborers in Capitol grounds, $16,080.
For compensation of two watchmen at President's
House, $3,900,
For compensation of doorkeeper at President's
House, $720.
For compensation of assistant doorkeeper at Presi-
dent's House, $720.
For compensation of one night watch man at public
stables and carpenter's shop, south of the Capitol,
$i,ooo.
For compensation of five watchmen on Reservation
No. 2, $3,600.
For compensation ofdrawkeeper at Potomac bridge,
and for fuel, oil, and lamps, $5,000.
For compensation of two drawkeepers at the two
bridges across the Eastern Branch ofthePotomac, and
for fuel, oil, and lamps, $1,39G.
For compensation offurnace-keeperunder the old
Hall of the House of Representatives, $720.
For compensation of furnace-keeper of President's
House, $720.
For clerk in the office of Public Buildings, $1,200.
For messenger in same office, $1,000.
For two policemen at President's House, $2,640.
For compensation of person in charge of heating
apparatus of Library of Congress, $1,000.
for electrician for Capitol, $1,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the committee to go back
to page 19, line four hundred and fifty-five, and
strike out the two words " and sub-Treasuries"
where they occur in the following paragraph,
"for furniture, carpets, and miscellaneous
items for the Treasury bureaus and sub-Treas-
uries, $35,000." That is provided for in
another part of the bill.
There was no objection ; and the amendment
was considered and agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] desires permis-
sion of the Committee of the Whole to go back
in order to move some amendments, to which
I have no objection, as they do not increase the
aggregate amount of the expenses.
flic CHAIRMAN. That will be done if
there is no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not object to going
back, but I reserve any points of order that
may be made upon the amendments when
offered.
No objection was made.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the paragraph
under the heading " Navy Department/' re-
lating to the compensation of the Assistant
Secretary of the Navy, &c., by striking out
"four" and inserting "six." so that it will
read " six clerks of the fourth class, $10,800."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to further amend the
same paragraph by striking out three clerks
of the second class, $4,200."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move also to amend the bill
by striking out the following:
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Construction and Repair, $3,500; chief clerk «I S50 •
°,ne draughtsman, $1,400; five ejeiks of the' second
class, 4,1,000; one clerk of the first class, $1,200; one
messenger, fcl.OOO; one laborei, $720.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
J n,,tlon and Repair, <J,500; chief clerk, Sl.SOO;
one draughtsman, 81,400; one eltn-h of el;\ss four.
«-2m °* elass tbrce and two clerks of elass two,
S/.MJ; one messenger, $1,000; one laborer, $720. ,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. Then I desire to amend the
paragraph ^relating to the Bureau of Equip-
ment and Recruiting, so as to make it corre-
spond with the present force of that bureau.
Mr. \\ AbHBURNE, o,t Illinois. I cannot
consent to that amendment.
rn!ie resumed the reading of the bill,
ihe following paragraphs were read:
Mint at Philadelphia:
* or salaries of the Director, treasurer, assayer.
