1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOB1.
as is the Senator from Illinois would propose
a law changing the right of trial by jury in
some feature that did not effect a material
change. I concede that this proposed meas-
ure does, if it becomes a law, effect a material
change. The one indispensable test which
ought never to be yielded by any law or by any
system of law in the qualification of a juror is
that he, should be strictly impartial; that he
•should come to the trial of the case with an
unformed opinion. His mind should be as
pure as a blank white piece of paper, and
should have nothing written upon it, either of
conviction or opinion against the accused, from
whatever sources of information upon which
that opinion might be formed. Gentlemen
may laugli and they may snigger; but their
scoffs and their jibes will not drive me from
my opposition, to this innovation. I do not
care what their age or their standing for legal
ability or their position in society may be.
That is not the way to meet an objection to an
important measure like this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator does
not understand me as doing anything of that
sort?
Mr. DAVIS. No; nor do I care.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed not ; but
then the Senator was remarking 
Mr. DAVIS. I was remarking upon the
scene that was going on in front of me.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
certainly did not mean to say that I was scoff-
ing or sneering at his argument.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know whether you
were or not, and I am indifferent as to that.
Sir, I make the objection which I have made
in all seriousness.
But there is another and the principal objec-
tion which I make to this measure of legisla-
tion-. i When you once commence innovations
upon the right of trial by jury no man can set
limits to the extent to which those innovations
may go. The only way to preserve the right
of trial by jury sacred and inviolate is to per-
mit no innovations upon it. I did not intend to
say as much as I have said. I simply intended
to utter my protest against the bill and to re-
cord my vote against it, and, having done that,
I am satisfied.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. I do not sup-
pose that any Senator here would be disposed
to injure or impair the great right of trial by
jury or to change it. The object of this bill
is not to change the right of trial by jury in
any manner; it is to preserve it unchanged.
AH lawyers know that the jury originally must
always come from the locality, from the'vicin-
age, perhaps because they were thought to
know something of the subject. In our day,
when everybody reads newspapers, if we want
to have an intelligent jury it will not answer
to exclude those that read an account of the
affair or transaction to be investigated ; and no
intelligent man can read a newspaper account
wi thout forming at least a hypothetical opinion ;
and if he has formed it he may express it, and
yet in no manner be disqualified from being a
juror. The object of this bill is to correct the
injurious rulings of some of our courts. There
is no State in the Union where the old common
law is preserved with as much purity and as
little affected by statute as the State of New
Jersey, and in that State the amount and pur-
port of this statute have uniformly been ruled
by the courts as a part of the common law. I
will simply read the heading of an important
case in that State, which states the true prin-
ciple which this statute is intended to preserve:
"It is no grbund of principal challenge to a juror
that lio lias expressed an opinion on the matter to be
tried, if it was not done through ill-will or malice."
If done through ill-will or malice he would
be excluded; but it is no ground of principal
challenge.
"A juror cannot be asked whether he has expressed
an opinion on the isbue. A hypothetical opinion
formed by a juror from faets which he ha3 heard is
no cause of challenge."
Therefore, instead of this bill being intended
to change the common law or to impair in any
way the right of trial by jury, it is to preserve
the common law and to secure intelligent and
impartial jurors.
Mr. BAYARD. The decision cited by the
honorable Senator from New Jersey carries
the common-law principle further than I sup-
posed it to exist; and it seems to me that the
very ground that is stated there of exception,
that a man shall not be rejected for having
formed an opinion unless he did it from malice
or ill-will, is one reason why this bill ought
not to pass. The individual who from ill-
will or malice has formed an opinion is most
likely to take the oath required by the law
for the purpose of enabling him to sit in the
cause. That is human nature. Nor do I eon-
cede that the proper mode of reasoning for
correcting the supposed diversities of opinion
that exist among courts is by legislation of this
kind. I suppose a case might in some way be
brought before the ultimate tribunal that would
settle that principle soundly for all cases ; for
it ought to be the same in all cases, surely.
Nor do I concede that the objection I have
stated is answered by the honorable Senator
from New Jersey; the decision does not notice
it; and that is, that the principle of law is that
the juror should be omni exceptione major.
The object is impartiality, freedom from that
bias which will not suffer the mind to give a
fair verdict. Now, sir, when there is a formed
and expressed opinion, it matters not on what
grounds that opinion has been formed, beyond
all question the pride of human opinion will
prevent the juror from being impartial in the
case. It gives him a bias. Gentlemen have
but to bring it home to themselves. Suppose
they stood in the attitude of an individual ac-
cused of crime and on trial. Would they feel
that a fair verdict could be rendered bj a man
who on rumor or newspaper reading, if you
please, had formed and expressed an opinion
as to their guilt or innocence? They might
desire that a man who had expressed an opin-
ion of their innocence should be on the trial;
but that would be objectionable on the other
side. But if the opinion of guilt had been
expressed, certainly no man would feel that he
had a fair trial if the individual who had ex-
pressed that opinion was to sit as a juror 011
his trial.
Sir, I am told that men will form hypo-
thetical opinions. That is not the language of
the law. Hypothetical opinions are very differ-
ent from those opinions the law contemplates
as ground of exclusion. Nor do I think that
any practical inconvenience can arise from the
fact that men will read newspapers and form
some kind of impression, and even state that
impression which arises in their minds from
reading newspapers, on the supposition that
the facts there stated are true. That is not in
law what is called forming and expressing an
opinion as to the guilt or innocence of the
party ; and the case comes more strongly and
is better understood after the word" hypo-
thetically" which the honorable Senator from
New Jersey introduced in the course of his
remarks.
For my own part, I trust this bill will not
pass. I think it a dangerous innovation. I
think it an innovation upon the true principle
of the common law ; that a formed and ex-
pressed opinion, which is a fixed opinion, ought
to incapacitate a party from sitting as a juror
in a trial; and any inconvenience in obtaining
a jury in individual cases does not compare at
all with the propriety of securing to an accused
person a fair and impartial trial.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. BAYARD and Mr. DAVIS called for
the yeas and naj^s on the passage of the bill,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 37, nays 8 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Conuess, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, I' esson-
den, i'owler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Iiarlan, Hen-
derson, Howard, Howe, J ohnson, Morgan, Morrill of
Vermont, Norton, Nye, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of '.Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Spraguc, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer* Tipton, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—37.
m5:wS—:Im!SSP" I)avis' Hendricks,
Saulsbury, and Wade—8.
Twrti-iT t? >. Cameron, Corbett,
and Vickere—97' of Maine, Koss, Sherman,
So the bill was passed.
GEORGE E. GLENN.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, by the order of the
Senate private bills are now in order.
-Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 168.
Mr. POMEROY. With the leave of the
Senator from Wisconsin, I should like to take
up a resolution that lies on the table calling
for some information. It is a resolution offered
bytheSenatorfromlndiana, [Mr. Hexdkioks,]
which was passed and subsequently reconsidered
and returned here. I merely want to amend
the resolution, and then it may either go t,o
a committee or be passed. It is a resolution
calling on the Secretary of the Treasury for
some information in regard to the expenses of
the War Department.
Mr. HOWE. I am told that that resolution
will lead to debate.  
Mr. POMEROY. I merely wish to move
an amendment to it, and then, if it leads to
debate, I will not ask its further consideration.
Mr. HOWE. I should be very glad to ac-
commodate the Senator from Kansas, and I
would if any one felt any more interest in these
claims than I do; but that is not the case.
Mr. POMEROY. It will require no time
except that which may be consumed in the
reading of the resolution and the reading of
the amendment which I propose to submit.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution.
Is there any objection?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; I think I must ob-
ject under the circumstances. I am very sorry
to do it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator may not be
aware that unless this resolution is considered
to-day it will have to lie over for some time,
until after the conclusion of the impeachment
trial.
Mr. HOWE. Senators all around me say
that if I giveaway to one they want me to
show them the same favor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution cannot be consid-
ered. The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Wisconsin, to take up Senate bill
No. 108.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 168) for the reljef of
George E. Glenn, additional paymaster United
States Army. It proposes to directthc proper
accounting officers of the Government, in the
settlement of the accounts of George E. Glenn,
additional paymaster United States Army,
to allow a credit of $25,456 80, being the
amount of Government money stolen from him
by men of company B, second battalion, four-
teenth United States infantry, while at Fort
Bois6, Idaho Territory, in the discharge of his
official duties.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims
reported that bill adversely, and 1 move that it
be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
JAMES HOOPER.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 436.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 436) for the relief of James Hooper was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to James Hooper the sum
of §10,000, being the value of his vessel, the
bark General Berry, which was captured and
destroyed at sea, on the 9th of July, 1864,
while in the military service of the United
States, by the rebel steamer Florida.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there a report accompa-
nying that bill?
The Chief Cijeiik. There is.
