1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4325
hundred and sixty seven. If you add to that
the number surrendered by Lee's army and
the number picked up on the field of Gettys-
burg, wiiich^ probably belonged to the rebel
army there, it appears that all descriptions of
small arms, probably about two hundred thou-
sand. were taken from the confederacy. Of
this, number 1 am not able to say what propor-
tion would probably be muskets; nor have I
any information oil that point; but I doubt
whether more than one half of them. If that
should be true, then there were two hundred
and fifty thousand rebel soldiers in the rebel-
lion in the last war whose arms have never been
got by this Government at all, and they are
still in their bands at their homes.
Air. MOR TON. Mr. President, this popu-
lation is armed, it is trained to war, and it is
now crouched in the very attitude of springing
upon thebe governments. Take the southern
newspapers; take the declarations of their
public speakers; take their expressions in
meetings, and we find that they are resolving
unanimously that they will not submit to and
recognize these State governments. They
have not as yet fixed a time for the rising;
they have not yet perhaps organized for that
purpose; but they have unanimously declared
that ihey will not submit. We cannot ignore
this fact.
Then, Mr. President, what are the influences
bearing upon them 'I They are organized into
a party ; they are members of the Democratic
party. That party has declared itself upon
the question ol the legality of these existing
State governments. Take the Democratic press
throughout the United States and it is unani-
mous that these governments have no legal
existence in point of law, that the acts of Con-
gress creating them are void, that there being
no law to sustain them nobody is bound to
}ield obedience to them. This is the general
teacning of the Democratic party. It was so
declared in their convention at New York the
other day ; and their candidate for Vice Presi-
dent, noiniuated but a few days after he made
the declaration in print, has declared that it is
the purpose and faith of the Democratic party,
when it comes into power, to overturn these
governments by military force; and with that
Ueclaration still upon his lips and upon account
ol'it, they put hiin in nomination. Here, then,
is the Democratic party of the North uniting
with the rebels of the South in the declaration
that these State governments shall be over-
turned by military force; and, in view of that
lact, I ask what reasonable man can object to
having these governments armed unless he
desires their overthrow. It comes right down
to that point that they are threatened with
destruction by military force, and we must
either protect them or we must subject them
to that danger.
Mr. President, the question is asked why do
we not send arms to Texas and Virginia and
Mississippi. The answer is that there they
have no loyal State governments to receive
them. Suppose you send arms to Virginia, to
whom would you give them? Would you give
them to the military government? That is a
military government carried on by the Army
ol' the Omted States; it does not need them.
\\ ould you give them to the rebels ? They do
not need them because they have got arms ;
and we certainly would not give arms to the
rebels ; we would only give them to the loyal.
As to these three States, the answer is that
there is no loyal State government to receive
them ; the other government being disloyal,
illegal, unauthorized, and unrecognized by the
Government ofthe United States.
Now, what is our duty? I am willing that
the Senate shall fix a day for the adjournment;
but 1 do submit as a matter of imperative
justice to these State governments that we
have established, and as a matter of justice and
duty to the Union men ofthe South when they
are thus threatened by their enemies, that we
should not adjourn until we have placed arms
in their hands with which they can defend
themselves.
Mr. President, there are a number of the Sen-
ators from those States present here this after-
noon. I presume they are some what modest and
diffident as yet, having just come into this body,
butthey wiliget over that by and by. I should
like to hear from these Senators upon the ques-
tion of the necessity of sending arms to their
State governments. If we adjourn without
arming them, we know not what may happen
in thirty days or sixty days from this time.
Therefore it seems to me that before we shall
finally adjourn there ought to be provision
made for arming these State governments, not
to carry elections, but to protect themselves
against a revolution threatened by the Democ-
racy both North and South. If it is expensive
to arm these State governments let the re-
sponsibility rest upon those who have made it
necessary.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I regard the
question under consideration as one of much
more than ordinary importance. On two
former occasions when we had a similar ques-
tion under consideration I took ground in oppo-
sition to what turned out to be the view of
the majority of the Senate by their vote, but at
that time I undertook to prophesy, and I be-
lieve the prophecy I then indulged in was soon
history, and 1 believe that the prophecy I now
indulge in will be history if the same course is
pursued on this occasion.
To ray mind, since the surrender of the
rebel armies, the country has never been in as
critical a condition as it is at this moment.
There is a large, organized, thoroughly drilled
party—a portion of them, I may say the lead-
ing portion, drilled in arms, and another por-
tion long drilled in the Democratic ranks—
who are determined to wrest from the hands
of the ruling party in this country its political
power by any means which they deem neces-
sary, but at all hazards to wrest it. I say not
too much, perhaps, when I say that the other
party, so far as they can be called a party, are
equally determined to uphold the rights and
the liberty of the country. The means by
which the party holding the majority in Con-
gress are determined to retain this political
power are means which are entirely consistent
with the practices of the Government, and
with peace and the highest order ; and there-
fore I was quite surprised at the sensitiveness
of the honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hendricks,] at his holy horror at the proposed
distribution of arms. Sir, it is " the wicked
that flee when no man pursueth," but it is
another class that are as "bold as a lion,"
My friend seemed to be peculiarly sensitive on
the subject of the distribution of arms in the
State of Indiana, where he says the present
Governor is a candidate for reelection. If
my assurance would be worth anything to the
honorable Senator I would administer a seda-
tive and quiet, his nerves by saying that it is
not the danger of the arms that are to be dis-
tributed, but it is the danger of the other thing
to him more powerful than arms. It is not
fear of the bullet, but of the ballot that ails
my distinguished friend, a more potent weapon
in this warfare, and the one upon which we
rely.
1 took occasion yesterday to look at the
statutes in relation to the distribution of arms,
and I find that for sixty years there has been a
standing appropriation of $200,000 a year on
the statute laws of the country for the distri-
bution of arms among the States. I take it for
granted, therefore, that there is nothing new
in the distribution of arms to the States.
Mr. FEEL1NGHUYSEN. I would call, the
attention of my friend, also, to the Constitu-
tion, which expressly provides that Congress
shall provide for organizing, arming, and dis-
ciplining the militia.
Mr. NYE. That is a part of the Constitu-
tion that the Democratic party at this time do
not read ; it is a part that my honorable friend
from Indiana has overlooked. That portion
of the Constitution is now about to be answered
by the distribution of these arms ; and like the
scared hare, like the frightened deer, like the
crazed tiger, we see all the ears of the Democ-
racy standing on end in view of the danger of
distributing these arms; and the honorable
Senatorlrom Maryland, [Mr. Vickers,] who is
so . meek and kind in his demeanor, had no
objection at all if they were liotdelivered until
after the election. Acute as he is, far seeing
as he is, he saw no danger in the elemenls if
the arms were not distributed until after elec-
tion. And so with my ardent friend from
Indiana; he inquired with great emphasis
why it was that these arms were to be distrib-
uted before the election.
Sir, the constitutional mandate has no re-
gard to an election. It is made the duty of the
General Government to provide for the organ-
ization and arming of the militia, and the Con-
stitution is mute upon the question of time.
Mr. CONKLING. As the honorable Sen-
ator from Nevada is referring to the Constitu-
tion, I beg to remind him of the fact that the
Constitution when amended by the First Con-
gress received as its second amendment a pro-
vision that the right of the people to bear arms
should never be questioned. The Senator from
New Jersey has the language before him.
Mr. NYE. I am obliged to the honorable
Senator; I was about to refer to that fact my-
self. It is a great constitutional privilege the
people have to bear arms, and it is the duty
of the Government to furnish them.
Mr. BTIELINGHTJYSEN. I will read the
exact language:
" A well regulated militia being necessary to the
security ol a tree State, the right of the people to
keep and bear arms shall not be infringed,"
Mr. NYE. Thatis the language of the Con-
stitution. It shows the right of the citizen to
bear arms and the duty of the Government to
furnish them when organized regularly as
militia of States.
Mr. President, there is something portentous
in the fright of my honorable friend from Indi-
ana. I was not so much alarmed at the sur-
prise expressed by my honorable friend from
Maryland, but my friend from Indiana is a bold
fighter, and I entertain no doubt that he un-
derstands the tactics of the coming canvass,
for he tells us that it is to be the most exciting
that there ever was. I do not believe it. it
will be the most exciting canvass that there
ever was in this nation if the mad-caps of his
party Control it; but 1 hope the wiser heads
like his own will control it and have it peace-
ful.
In view of these constitutional rights and
privileges and duties, 1 look around me to see
why this alarm; and I say to this Senate and
the country that I entertain no doubt that when
this Congress adjourns everything possible will
be done that is within the executive power
and which will not incur the apprehension of
impeachment, to overthrow these organized
governments of the South ; and I believe that
the moon will not once fill her horn after this
adjournment, if an adjournmeut be had, before
the President, with the military powers at his
back, if he can command it, will drive every
elected Governor from his seat unless he has the
means of protecting himself. We have an ex-
ample of how much these States covet and need
arms in the case of the State of Maryland.
When she went through a great political revo-
lution a few years since she bought ten thou-
sand stand of arms, and that was before election
and after, for there were several elections during
the time. This uneasiness bespeaks trouble.
This idea of placing the power of defense in
the hands of these organized State governments
causes a Democratic flutter that amounts to
alarm. I am glad to see them alarmed.
Every Senator on this floor will agree that
the first great duty of the Government is to
protect its citizens ; and there is no means by
which we can protect them save by the arming
of the organized militia of the several States
in existing harmony with the Union. It is use-
less to shut our eyes to existing facts. My
honorable friend from Indiana says that he has
read the stories of wrong and outrage at the
South until thev have ceased to be sensational.
