1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
your laws, aud restore peace and concord and i
harmony," then I am willing to take them by
the hand and'pardon them. I say again it is
not so much a question what a man was before i
the war as what he has been during and since
the war. [ call the previous question.
Mr. COBUilN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few minutes?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am appealed to
by gentlemen all around me to press a vote.
Mr. COB URN". I regard this as a very
important subject, one of prime importance,
and some of us do not agree with the com-
mittee.
Mr. PAINE. I hope my colleague on the
committee will yield a few moments.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. If the gentleman
has any name that he wishes to criticise I will
yield to him.
Mr. COBURN. There is no name which I
wish to criticise.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I cannot
yield.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WARD. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will now yield to the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If I have the floor
I will yield a few minutes.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman is entitled
to the floor for one hour to close the debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I_ yield ten
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Coburn.]
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction have not seen fit to
report to the House the facts in connection
with this bill, either general or special. We
literally know nothing of the former or present
condition of these men—more than sixteen
hundred in number—whether they have ap-
plied for pardon, whether they have sincerely
acted with the Union party, whether they have
established themselves in the confidence of
Union men, or whether the communities in
which they reside need their help in the work
of reconstruction. Their mere names are
submitted, in most instances ; that is all.
To my mind this is a subject of the gravest
importance, and one which cannot be too
thoroughly discussed. This bill relieving
citizens of southern States from the disabil-
ities incurred by rebellion and treason is. to
say the least, premature. I hesitate to make
this assertion in the face of the report of
the Committee on Reconstruction, and in
view of the action of this House upon the bill
relieving certain citizens of North Carolina,
some four hundred in number, from the penal-
ties and disabilities in a like case. I had no rea-
son to doubt the sincerity of those persons in
their attachment to the genuine cause of re-
construction, and could possibly have no feel-
ing of animosity to them or to those who now
apply for relief. By far the greater number
are names wholly unfamiliar and in fact un-
known to the members of this House, and
would never have been known here as former
rebels but for the fact of this measure sub-
mitted for our consideration in their behalf.
Nothing personal can enter into our judgment
upon this matter, and what we do we can
safely do under the guidance of those general
principles and those comprehensive ideas
which, if justly founded, must result in a
happy solution of the most difficult problem
the termination of war has left us to solve.
This bill proposes to restore the persons
named in it to all their rights as American citi-
zens. notwithstanding their recent acts of rebel-
lion and treason; aud the avowed object is to
put them at once in a condition to hold offices
and participate in the political affairs ot the
reconstructed State. It is more than pardon,
more than amnesty, in the ordinary sense of
those terms. It is "a prize offered to those who
have, by their recent action in politics, given
assurance that they have present sympathy in
our plan of reconstruction; a prize given to
recent deadly enemies which we only bestow
upon the citizens o.f friendly nations after at |
least five years of probation; a prize never |
before offered by a Government to rebellious |
citizens; a prize that may prove to them the '
worse than useless means of making new strife,
and to us a sword given into hands that will
pierce our very joints and marrow.
These States lately in rebellion have citizens
who have been loyal during the war and who
require no legislation to enable .them, and in
view of this fact we may well pause before a
policy is adopted which will give to rebels
lately in arms political supremacy over the loyal
and faithful citizens who braved the persecu-
tions of their neighbors and the terrors of the
organized outlaws who surrounded them, or
who may have borne arms in defense of the
honor, the laws, and the flag of their native land,
even though these Union men may have been
poor and unlettered, unused to political man-
agement, unskilled in debate, untried in the
responsibilities of office, aud timid in the exer-
cise of power.
It may be well questioned whether these
qualities are not to be preferred in the officers
of a people just emerging from civil war, to
those of men whose self-sufficiency and daring
made them leaders in revolt; whose arts led
astray their humble neighbors; whose arro-
gance overawed the halting patriot into silence;
whose wealth gave sinews at an early day to
the still feeble revolution, or whose long ex-
perience and lofty position put them in con-
trol of whole communities. It may be matter
of serious question whether the modest, quiet,
obedient, simple-minded, brave, loyal citizen
is not to be preferred in reorganizing to him
who has long held office, has with ready facil-
ity taken prominent part both for and against
and then for his country, who regards himself
as belonging to the ruling class, and who feels
that society rests upon the shoulders of such
as himself.
But aside from considerations of this kind,
the fact of voluntary and flagrant rebellion
alone against the laws of the land, the act of
forgetfnlness of that supreme duty every cit-
izen owes to his country, should, for a time at
least, work disabilities to every member of
society guilty of them, be his condition high
or low. Upon this principle the fourteenth
article of the Constitution is founded, and
scarcely a loyal man in the land was found
who did not approve of this feature. Hardly
has it become a part of our system before
sweeping enactments are introduced calculated
to nullity it and opening the way virtually to
its abolition. Unless some overruling neces-
sity can be shown such a course would seem
suicidal.
The following summary of General Grant's
report to Congress, made up from the report
of district commanders, shows the condition
of the voting population of the unreconstructed
States:
" Virginia—General Scofield's report gives the whole
number ot voters l-egistei ed in Virginia at. 2i5,933, of
wbonil20,lllarewhites, and 105,832coloied. Of these
4.417 whites and 12.S87 blncks tailed w vote on the
question of calling a convention. Judging from the
tax list and other data, the number of whites who
failed to register is 16,343. There is no report of the
number of di-franchised in Ynginia under the iccon-
stiuction law*.
"North Cmotina—General Oanby reports 106./21
white and 72.932 colored voteis in North Carolina,
nearlj all of whom voted. It is estimated that 19,477
whites and 3,289Mnekhfailed to register, and of these
11,686whites are disfranchised.
"South Carolina—In South Carolina thereare4G,8S3
whiteandSO,550 blaekvotersregistered; 10,992 whites
and 4,167 blacks tailed to register. About seventy-
live per cent, of the whites are disfranchised.
"Georgia—In Gcor^Ki96.o'>3white and 95,-i.GScolored
voters are registered, of whom 60,333 whites and 24,758
colored failed to vote; 10;'i00 v/hiie- are disfranchised
and 8,500 roiused to register.
"A/olama—In Alabama there are G1.29o white and
104,518 black voters, of whom 37,158 white and ou94;
colored failed to vote. There are 110 data to show
the number disfranchised.
"Florida—In Florida few are disfranchised, and
nearly all are registered and have voted. The num-
ber ot whites is 11,914. and blacks 16,0(9.
"3Jiz-n'.-r:,pp''—General Gillem sa.ys no data is kept
from which to ascertain the number of votes of the
different colors in Mississippi.
''Arkansas—In Aikansas 25,697 failed to vote.
"Louisiana—General Hancock reports that 45,218
whites and 84,436blacks were registered in Louisiana.
Of this number 50,480 failed to vote, but in what, pro-
portion the general js nnable to say, nor can he re-
port how many are disfranchised.
"Texas—In Texas 55,633 whites and 49,497 colored
votes wore registered, of whom 1,757 whites and 36,932
blacks voted. The number disfranchised eaunot be
ascertained."
Out of this number it would seem possible
to select enough of men, white men, too, if
you please, to hold the offices and manage, for
the time being, public affairs. The fact that
persons laboring under disabilities have been
elected is not proof conclusive that only such
persons can bt? found to fill the offices. It ia
rather evidence that those elected have promi-
nence in society, and have recently taken a
stand among Union men ; goes to the question
of notoriety rather than loyalty, and is indie-
ative that the person belongs to the self-styled
ruling class .rather than to the moderate and
gentle number of those who shrink' from the
public gaze, and avoid the strifes of politics."
And who is this sq-called ruling class?
Mainly composed of rich and piominent men
in business and the professions,' who were in
a gfeat measure instrumental in bringing on
the rebellion and precipitating the country into
war, needlessly and recklessly ; m,en who sinned
against light and knowledge; who have been
weighed in the balance and found wanting.
Many of thetn learned, many of them refined,
many of them polished and cultivated, many
of them ornaments in social life, and, except
for this one damning taint, mainly engendered
by slavery, as noble specimens of men as the
nation has produced. 1 mean the fixed impres-
sion that they are and ought to be the ruling
class of this country ; that they are born, by
the grace of God, to ride, booted and spurred,
over the rest of mankind.
But there are others among them whose
pride and arrogance are not coupled with vigor
of intellectand elegant cultivation. These men
have tyrannized, socially and politically, too
long. They are not fit to be a ruling class;
and nowhere else could or would have been.
Let them die out now. Let us have no more
hot-beds ; no more green-bouses for such trop-
ical plants. What other state of society could
have ever given prominence to such contempt-
ible fellows as Pryor, Wigfall, IMiett, Brooks,
or Iveitt? They really represent no healthy
element of society anywhere. Just as the
fungus represents decaying wood, just as the
baleful miasma represents the tcetid, reeking
marsh, they represented society. The war has
cleaned off the face of those States, and putrid
decay is no longer there. New vegetation will
spring up, new nature will replace the old.
As an illustration of the unhealthy tenden-
cies of the false ideas held by the ruling class
in that region, we'have very recently had laid
upon our tables a pamphlet prepared by Wade
Hampton, Samuel McGowan, aud other gen-
tlemen, composing the State eentral executive
committee of the Democrats of South Caro-
lina, in which is set forth an explicit statement
showing lists of the State officers, the delegates
to the constitutional convention, and the mem-
bers of the Legislature, with the amount of
taxes charged to them, which is very small,
and, in most cases, nothing. The members of
the constitutional convention, numbering one
hundred and twenty-one ; and one hundred
and twenty of these paid, in the aggregate,
$370 09 ; that ninety-seven out of one hun-
dred and twenty-three members of the House
of Representatives pay but $60 39; and that
neither the Governor, secretary of State, comp-
troller general, treasurer, attorney general, or
superintendent of public instruction pay any
tax. These facts are stated as the strongest
argument against the propriety of allowing
such men to hold office and reorganize a new
State government.
Such an argument is not surprising in the
mouths ot* such men. They submit, with con-
fidence the statistics to prove that wealth is a
necessary element of ability to hold anu dis-
charge well the duties of office. Comment is
unnecessary. Plain republicans have supposed
