-2278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear it read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Fbelikghuysex, from the
Committee1 on Claims, on the 13th of March
last:
The Committee on Claims, to whom wero referred
the petition and proofs oft James Hooper, for com-
pensation tor the loss of the bark General Berry,
burnt by the rebel steamer Florida, July i), 1864, be-
tween New York and fortress Monroe, makes the
following report:
Captain S. L. 13rown, assistant quartermaster Uni-
ted States Army, on duty in New York city, adver-
tised for proposals for freighting forage, and on the
28th of Jane, 1801, accepted the offer of claimant;
and on the 6th of July, lStM, dispatched the bark
General Berry to C. D. Webster, acting assistant
Quartermaster at Fortress Monroe.
The acceptance of the offer ot claimant was quali-
fied thus: *4No guarantee to unload at Fort Mon-
roe; inay bo sent up the James river, hut not to any
other post or place to discharge;" and the bill of
lading or contract was indorsed thus: "The war
risk to be assumed by the Government if sent up tho
river to be discharged."
/.The act of March 3,1819, entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the payment of horses and other property
lost or destroyed in the military service of the United
States," provides for the payment of damages sus-
tained by the destruction by an enemy of horses,
mules, boats, while such property was in tho
military service of the United States cither by im-
pressment or contract; provided such property was
destroyed without any iault ol the owner while it
was actually employed by the United States, iiy
the fifth section of the act of March 3,IBM, the pro-
visions of tho foiexoiiig act are extended to steam-
boats and other voxels.
Tho bark in question was valued at American
Lloyd's (S. Jj. Taylor, secretary,) on the 2(Jth of June,
18G4, at $10,000.
The Third Auditor of the Treasury, while report-
ing that this claim is meritorious, and that it justly
appeals to Congress for relief, refused to allow the
claim:
1. Because ho considered the claimant to be a com-
mon carrier.
If a railroad company or other common carrier
should undertake, in the course of business, to carry
property tor the United States, and tho train or vessel
should be de&tro) ed b> au enemy, the train or vessel
could not properly bo considered as in tho military
service of the United States, and tliecommon carrier
would not be entitled to compensation for tho dam-
age sustained.
But tho claimant was not acting as a common car-
rier. The Government made a contract, at a sum
per ton named, to occupy the whole vessel, and nono
qf tho incidents attaching to a common carrier, or
* one who undertakes ior hire to transport the goods
of such as choose to employ hi m Irom place to place,"
ore found in this ease.
The bark was in the military service of tho United
States by contract, and while thus employed was,
without the fault of the claimant, destroyed by the
enemy. Sineetho lossol the vessel the bill of lading
has been indorsed by tho assist ant quartermaster thus:
"At the time this bill ot lading was signed there
was supposed to be no war risk between here and
Fort Monroe; consequently no application had been
made to tho Quartermaster General to assume the
war risk on ve-^eta oairying freight tor tho Govern-
ment by tho undersigned. The note that war risk was
to be assumed if sent up the river to be discharged
was not designed to bar the owner for claiming reim-
bursement lor her In,•js."
The Quartermaster (General also writes to Mr.
Hooper thus:
"1 hereby cci tify that on the 27th day of June, ISO 1,
the whole of tho bark General Ben y was ottered to
the quartermaster's department lor employment, and
that on the 28th of June, the whole capacity of
said vessel was accepted by mo to load forngo for
Fort Monroe, and that I furnished .said vessel a full
cargo ol forage under and on deck for account of the
United States Government, and had the same cov-
ered with plank, at the expenbO of the United States,
to protect her cargo.
"After having accepted the whole of said vessel
she was then in tho military service of the United
States by contract and subject to my order and con-
trol, I further certify that neither themaster, owner,
nor agent of the (General Berry assumed, either di-
rectly or indirectly, in writing or verbally, the war
risk on any portion of her voyage to Fort Monroe;
but, on the contrary. I considered the vessel at the
risk of tho Government, if destioyed by the enemy
while in the service of the United States."
The claimant does not hold the position of a com-
mon earner. His ve^el wa« in the military service
of the^ United States by contract, and, under the
authority of the statute aforesaid, being destroyed
by an enemy, tho claimant is entitled to be compen-
sated for tho loss.
The Third Auditor refused to allow the claim also
on the ground that tho bill of lading was indorsed,
"The war rifdt to be nssumed by tho Government if
sent up tho river to be discharged."
It is insisted ioy the Auditor that, on the principles
of law that "the including of one is the excluding
of the other," this provision raises the implication
that the war risk is not assumed by the Government
excepting in the event of the bark going up the
The evidence shows that tho claimant objected to
signing this indorsement, and was told by the clerk
of the quartermaster who attended to the business
that it was not consideied that there was" any war
risk between New York and Fort Monroe, no vessel
baring, at that time, been capturcd or destroyed by
the enemy between those points. And tho claimant
was furthermore told that, should the vessel be de-
stroyed, tho Government would make it all right;
and thereupon the claimant, by his agent, signed the
indorsement.
And it further appears that after the destruction
of this bark between New York and Fort Monroe by
the Florida the Government uniformly assumed tho
war risk between those points.
Under these circumstances, as the provisions^ the
statute referred to would have entitled the claimant
to compensation for the loss of his vessel but for the
indorsement on the bill of Jading, he should not, for
that reason, be debarred from compensation. Such
was not the intention of the indorsement, as tho facts
show. Besides, it is very clear the understanding
was, that in case tho vessel was captured the Govern-
ment would make it" all right; " and the claimant,
for that reason, did not have the vessel insured.
The committee have, therefore, come to the con-
clusion that Oongross ought to reimburse the claim-
ant for the value of the vessel, and for that purposo
recommend the passage of a bill for the sum of
$1(5,000, thcvalue of the vessel at tho time of the de-
parture from the port of New York.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PAKKEIt QUINCE.
Mr. IIOWE. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 452.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(S. No. 452) for the relief of Taiker Quince
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to allow the sum
of $1,008 97 to Parker Quince in the settle-
ment of his accounts with the Government,
for his salary as collector of customs for
the port of Wilmington, North Carolina, and
acting collector of internal revenue from Sep-
tember 13, 1865, to May 14, 18G6, in addition
to the-sums already paid him for salary for that
period.
.Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
something about thai case. If there is a report
accompanying the bill Jet it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. IIowk. from the Committee
on Claims, on the 20th of March;
The Committee on Claims, to whom were referred
tho papers and petition of linker Quince, havo
examined ihe same and submit the following report:
The petitioner held the office of collector ol cus-
toms for the port ol Wilmington, in North Carolina,
from September 13,1805, to May 11, JHbG. During the
same period, by direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, he acted as collector of internal reve-
nue, and collected in tho latter capacity the sum of
74.
llis fees and commissions for thisscrvico amounted
to £5,148 35. But ol this sum he was paid only the
sum of $2,241 Of, bcoause tho law prohibits the pay-
ment of two salaries to the same person at tho same
time.
The petitioner nowasks the rcmaindcrof thecom-
pensation to which he would have been entitled if
ho had held the office of collector of internal revenue,
and could have legally drawn tho salaries of both
offices.
The committee cannot recommend such an appro-
priation without disregarding existing laws. But
they deem it just to allow him the compensation of
tho highest office, deducting tho salary aheady
received.
He has received for expenses—
As collector of internal revenue §2,214 00
As collector of customs  1,295 20
Total £3,539 38
Deducting this total from tho amount lie would
have earned as collector of internal revenue and the
balance is $J,G03 97, for which sum the committee
report the following bill and recommend its pa-sage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment., ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM II. KIMBALL.
Mr. IIOWE. I now move to take up Son-
ate bill No. 50.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 50) for the relief of Wil-
liam H. Kimball, which proposes to direct the
Secretary of War to cause to be paid to Wil-
liam H. Kimball, late regimental quartermas-
ter of the eleventh regiment of Minnesota vol-
unteers, the full pay and emoluments of first
lieutenant and regimental quartermaster of
infantry from the 10th of October, 18G2, to the
8th of May, 186$.
Mr. HOVVE, The Committee on Claims
reported that bill adversely, and I move that
it be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
goldsmith brothers,
Mr. HOWE. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 15i. i i , o
The motion was agreed to ,• and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 151) for the relief of
Goldsmith Brothers, of the cities of San Fran-
cisco, California, and Portland, Oregon, brok-
ers. It authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue and pay to Goldsmith Brothers, of
the cities of San Francisco, California, and
Portland, Oregon, brokers, two seven-thirty
United States Treasury notes for the payment
of &5,000 each, in lieu of two United States
seven-thirty Treasury notes of the value of
$5,000 each, dated June 15, 1865, and respect-
ively signed by the Treasurer, and numbered
three hundred and sixty-four and three hun-
dred and sixty-five, issued under an act of
Congress passed March 3, 1865, entitled "An
act to provide ways and means for the support
of the Government," which notes were lost or
destroyed by the wreck of the steamer Brother
Jonathan, off the port of Crescent City, on the
31st of July. 18G5; but they are to execute
a bond, with sufficient sureties, in the penal
sum of $20,000, to be approved by the Solicitor
of theTreasury, indemnifying the United States
against any loss on account of the issuing of
the bills.
The Committee on Claims reported an amend-
ment to the bill, to strike out the word bills"
at the end of the bill and to insert the word
"bonds."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I move to amend the bill in the
eighteenth line by striking out the word "exe-
cute," where it speaks of the bond, and insert-
ing in placc of it the word u file," for the reason
that I understand the bond is already here, and
it will result in unnecessary delay to require
of them the execution of another bond.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading^ was read the third time, and
passed.
WILLIAM IIEXRY OTIS.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
279, for the relief of William Henry Otis.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with an amendment, to strike out all of the
original bill after the enacting clause, in the
following words:
That the Treasurer of the United States he, and is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to W\ Henry
Otis, of Indianapolis, Indiana, the Mini ot ?2o,s_>ti out
of any money heretofore or hereafter appropriated
propci ty occupied from 1861 to 1S06 a< Cami> Burn-
aide, near Indianapolis, Indiana, and tor destruction
of apple and pear trees and wheat and oat held,- and
ior total destruction of seven thousand fence rails,
rtvo hundred and tnenty apple tree*, and fbrt\ pear
trees, during the continuance of the occupancy by
the united btates authorities of the premises known
as the said Camp Uurnside.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and required to pay, or cause to
be paid, to William Henry Otis, of Indianapolis, in
the fttate of Indiana, the sum of &o,00d, in full con-
sideration for growing crop, fencing, and fruit trees
destroyed upon and damages done by the United
otates troops in and to forty-five and a half acres of
{and belonging to the said William Henry Otis,
known as Camp Burnside, lying and being adjacent
to the saia city of Indianapolis, while said land was
occupied by said troops from the year 1861 to the
year 1865.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
