3302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
that poverty was not a crime, and could not
work disabilities. But here is the assertion
that poverty, not treason, is the disabling con-
dition. Let such men remember that the poor,
unlettered fishermen of Galilee were selected
to do a grander work of reconstruction than
ours.
The true representative of the South is the
laboring man, the man of vigor, the man of
nerve, the man of business, the man of enter-
prise, the self-reliant, independent, active,
hard-working American, not the impotent,
arrogant, lazy, pampered, conceited child of
slavery, too proud to work, too feeble to shift
for himself; just the man to hanker for official
Eosition. The man who works must rule. Labor
ardens his muscle, steadies his nerves, clears
his brain, gives him confidence, patience,
activity, and ingenuity. Responsibility makes
robust his intellect, and makes manly his char-
acter. The working nations rule the world, so
the workers of a people rule it, and ought to.
The power should be put into the hands of
these working men who have all the true man-
hood in them, who develop the land, who have
inspected and know its wants, and who own it
or will own it. The brains of a people always
accompany its industrious hands and its pains-
taking eyes.
Abolish at once all thought of a ruling class
but one, and that is the one of merit. This is
true democracy. Invite in the honest for-
eigner. Tell the poor laboring man—poor
white trash, if you will sneer at him—to take
hold, fill the offices, look to the Government
himself, and let no one manage his politics,
and it will give such men force and character
and power. Cut them off from the interference
of these old traitorous intriguers, keep such
men out in the cold, keep them silent, keep
them under ban, keep them in disgrace, and
these true, genuine, loyal, liberty-loving, God-
fearing men will come up and fill the places
of trust and power. Better that illiterate men
should be honored than that unprincipled men
should be. Better let him be Governor who
cannot write his name than he who has signed
it in the cause of revolt and national dishonor.
But if you once break the barrier in favor
of these gentlemen, who claim to be alone fit
to sccupy official position in the South, all will
push for admission, the checks will yield and
fall down and finally every traitor will pass
through, and the moral effect on the present
and coming generations cannot be measured.
The hallowed name of country will be a by-
word and treason will not be known as a crime.
And while I say this, let me say there are
many men of the South who were in the army
of rebellion and in its civil service whom I can
trust; men who at the outbreak of war were
loyal Union men, and whom I shall fail in
describing ill that trying and terrible day;
their steadfastness of soul, their forgetfulncss
of self, their fervent loyalty, their unfaltering
faith. When organized society broke away from
the Union, they refused to go ; when their neigh-
bors were drawn off by the powerful influences
and sympathies of their section, when some
sold out for civil, others for military position,
they could not be bought. Some were impris-
oned, some exiled, some_ slain, their property
seized or destroyed, their families scattered,
their friends turned to bitter foes.
Talk of martyrs, here they are—talk of
heroes, here are many—talk of devotion and
patriotism, here they are, blazing and blazing
on the rude hearthstone, far away in the woods,
far up on the mountain side, in the distant,
lonely glen, where poverty and ignorance and
obscurity dwell. In that dreadful time love
of country for a while seemed to have fled
the abodes of wealth and refinementand power,
and to have sought a shelter by the humble fire-
sides of the poor.
But as the war continued, and the organiza-
tion of treason became perfected and the fatal
lines of the confederacy, like some mighty
serpent, closed around them, these men were
overcome ; a reign of terror, a ferocious des-
potism swept them into the torrents of war;
the conscript officers dragged them by the
thousand into the rebel army, and the rich
traitor's war became the poor Union man's
fight. And those who loved and could cheer-
fully have died for their country were thus
mustered in hostile array against it. Such
men I can forgive. Rather let me say they
have done nothing that needs forgiveness. But
for those who dragged them from their alle-
giance, who uprooted society, who betrayed the
flag, who devised this vast network of iniquity,
what, measure of atonement can secure them
forgiveness ?
We should take solemn warning from the
language of the Republican State convention
of Maryland, held in May:
"The Republicans of this State arc the property of
no man or sot of men. They have been taught the
necessity of individual thought and independent
action.
" It was because the masses of the South allowed
themselves to be led, because they allowed a few
persons claiming to be their superiors by birth, fam-
ily connections, or wealth, to do their thinking, that
against their better judgment they were phuiged
into thovortexof rebellion, i'romwhich they are row
emerging decimated and impoverished.
"Tho people aro not likoly to repeat that folly. If
men would be leaders theymustbe locomotives, and
not figure-heads. They must pull, and not go only
when they aro pushed."
I say frankly that these States had better
remain unreconstructed than be reorganized
and fall under Democratic control. Their only
safety is in being established Radical Repub-
lican. Military rule, and even anarchy, are
better than democracy, the most odious type
of civil government.
That State is now groaning under a military
despotism. Provision has been made for the
raising of an enormous military fund by fines
and taxes, and for the constant drilling and
disciplining of the citizens as soldiers. Every
offense which human ingenuity can invent is
created, and even civil magistrates are made
the tools of carrying on the behests of the
Governor in controlling the people of the State.
As a specimen the following extract from a
Maryland paper shows in some measure the
rigor with which the new military law is
enforced:
"James McNew, of company D, sixth regiment
Maryland National Guard, wasfined two dollars and
costs by Justice Wheeler, on the complaint of Captain
Smith, commanding the company, that ho hud vio-
lated section thirty-five of chapter four hundred and
fourteen of the militia law of Maryland. This sec-
tion imposes a fine for absence from the regular
parades prescribed by law. This is the first, easo of
tho kind that has happened. Justice Wheeler has
now thirty-five similar eases before him."
Justices of the peace are empowered to
render such and other military judgments on
the certificates-of captains of companies with-
out further evidence, notwithstanding the
laws of the United States and the Constitu-
tion provide that such military training shall
be according to the discipline prescribed by
Congress.
What is the condition of Maryland to-day ?
In the language of the Republican convention
of May 6, "The Republican party is neither
holding the fruits of the present nor laboring
for the future." "Maryland is an unrecon-
structed State." "We cannot carry a county in
the State." ''^Disloyal public functionaries
are dominating in our State and domineering
over loyalists." " A standing army is eating
out the substance of a tax-ridden people."
And yet Maryland was a Union State at one
time since the war. The malign influences of
the " leading class " have led her astray.
A mere glance at affairs in Kentucky will
show the consequences of a complete enfran-
chisement of rebels. There men are honored,
put in position and trusted for their services
in the cause of treason. The Lexington Gazette
advocates the election of General John S. Wil-
liams as Commonwealth's attorney forthatdis-
trict, on the ground of his services to the con-
federacy during the war, and claims that his
victory at Saltvillc should elect him to any
office in the State. The present attorney gen-
eral of the State is John Rodman, who served
as a colonel in Bragg's army. The auditor of
State is D. Howard Smith, who was the chief
of John Morgan's staff. The city council of
Louisville within a few months, fired with hate ot
the Union, passed resolutions asking Congress
to volunteer to relieve John C. Breckinridge
from the penalties of treason, inasmuch as he
is too honorable a man to acknowledge that he
has done wrong by rebellion, and cannot stoop
to ask as a favor what Congress should accord
as a right, adding tliat bis eminent abilities are
needed in managing the political aliairs of the
State: an argument which we have almost
heard duplicated by Republicans in tins Hall.
Breckinridge is a good specimen of the type
called the 4'rulingclass" of the South. Aman
of ability and cultivation, proud, arrogant,-Belt-
sufficient, disobedientto law, boastful of honor,
but of a kind of honor that has found no defi-
nition as such elsewhere than with such as he.
A few stump speeches for reconstruction, a few
weeks probation, and he may knock at the door
and come in with his garments white as
His ambition and ability would give him a high,
place among Republicans, and the Union sol-
diers and tax-payers would soon be taught to
look with reverence on the man who betrayed
us in the Senate, fought us in the field, plotted
ruin to the nation, and brought on the untold
horrors of civil strife. We did not come here
to begin such a policy as this. The people sent
us here for other purposes.
Akin to this policy is that which leads certain
persons to collect large sums of money for the
benefit of the Virginia college over which
General Lee presides. This institution has
furnished no evidence that its influence will
be givm toward the Union and its institutions.
The following extract from a letter of Gerritt
Smith, defending his course in giving a large
sum to this college, is of itself the best speci-
men of this magnanimous madness that has
yet found its way into print.
Peterboro, April 15,1868.
To the Editor of the Standard :
I see in your and other newspapers, and also in
letters which 1 receive, complaints of my giving
money to a college in Virginia. Men who stand very
high in my esteem join in these complaints.
Although my own heart does not abound in love,
I nevertheless seem to rely more than do most per-
sons on the power of love to remove the wrongs and
quiet the troubles of life—-of public as well a3 of pri-
vate life.
Tho South surrendered; but she still hated the
North. My plan of getting this hatred out of lier
heart was for the North to love it out. Hence my
proposition for giving the South a large sum of
mone>—t.ay fifty or a hundred million dollars—to
help her out of the ruin which the sin of oppression,
common to herself and theNorth, had brought upon
her. Such and other naturally-accompanying ex-
pressions of love and pity would have palsied and
purged out her hatred. But so it was that my plan
for this love-conquest didnot meetwith much favor.
I was glad to be nail for Jefferson Davis—not merely
nor mainly from regard to him, whose long imprison-
ment without atrial was so cruel and so utterly inde-
fensible; but also to show my good feeling toward
the South, and to do in this wise what Jitrle I cuuld
toward bringing the North and South together. But
the Republican party denounced the bailing of Jef-
ferson Davis, and, in so doing, flung away a golden
opportunity for strengthening itself, and for giving
peace to the country.
A tew weeks ago I was asked to help a college in
Virginia. It is true that I had. fioin the rime the
bouth laid down her arms, been doing wliat I could
for some of her white families whom the war had
impoverished. But while I had been giving thou-
sands to promote the education of her blacks I had
given nothing to her white school?. Now, however
i had an opportunity to give to one of them—to the
°5f . moreover, which was founded by the "Father
ot his Country. I confess that I was glad to improve
the opportunity, and that I was sorry I could not
make a tenfold greater gift.
^ 0 J1 t^ink that'Washington College' hates the
North. Perhaps it does. But should the North
endow it, there would ho hardly a possibility for it
to continue to hate her.
We have here the spectacle of that amiable
and interesting old gentleman, Gerritt iSmitb,
attempting to make a " love conquest" of ihe
southern heart. He is wooing the stubborn
damsel with money, and, like many another
lovely, smitten, hapless wight, setting high
value on his solid charms, thinks he cau buy
up her tender regards. If he should succeed",
^rst 'nstance in the long history
of the workings of the gentle passion.
Xjike Diana's kiss, unasked, unsought
Love gives itself, but is not boughi."
To bestow favors on such institutions, under
