4326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
Sir, it is too true our ears have become too
much accustomed to the taleof these wrongs
and outrages to which our friends have been
subjected until it has become almost an every-
day story, and the dripping blood or the dying
groan has ceased to excite in many even a
warm gushing of sympathy ; and especially is
that true of the Democratic party. They gloat
over it; it is only so many Republicans gone,
making a Democratic triumph more sure ! But
Mr. President, in the day of judgment we shall
be held responsible for these outrages and
wrongs. To hold men to the duty of citizens
and not arm them for their own defense is like
leading them up to the shambles for execution
and laughing as the fatal blow is struck.
Against all such things I enter my solemn pro-
test as a citizen of this great country. It is a
blot upon our fair fame that she has so long
countenanced it.
Bat my friend from Indiana says that his
principal objection to this bill is that it arms
only loyal men. 1 wish my friend were here
that I might ask him if he would like to arm
disloyal men with the Government's anns. J
had always thought that his sympathies were
with loyal men. What other men should be
armed but loyal men ? Loyal citizens are the
support of a loyal government. " Loyal men"
has a most distinctive and important meaning
at the present moment with the paity in power
here. 1 know that, the Democratic party have
ceased to divide with any care on that subject,
for in their convention )on assembled men
whose hands are yet red and whose hearts are
charged with rebellion ; and they are the lead-
ers. The shouts that went up as Wade Hampton
spoke made a reporter who had been in the
war drop his pen and exclaim " The rebel yell,"
with an oath which I will not repeat. So
it was the rebel yell. Why not? Their great
chieftain was there, as 1 said the other day, a
man who made a vacant seat at every hearth-
stone in the northern States. Men as impru-
dent in political action as they were rash in
their military leadership are out on the stump.
Governor Vance, who was a prisoner of war
here, has been making a speech at Richmond,
in which lie declared to the people there that
the election of Seymour and Blair will give
them what they fought for in the rebellion.
Here is another great leader, second in com
mand of the disloyal forces of the nation,
Alexander II. Stephens, who sends his resolu-
tions to the Demueiatie convention, and they
are received with shouU and applause.
Mr. President, it is in view of these facts and
because the Democratic party is led by rebels
that I think it is unsafe for this Congress to
adjourn. Believe me, sir, that if this Congress
lets go of itself and surrenders up its power that
it holds when in session, this country will again
be rocked from center to circumference with
revolution. They mean it. Kven the Conser-
vatives, velvet-footed as they are, stepuptothe
music of the hour. Hence the apprehension
of scattering arms among the militia, a thing
as old as the Government itself. It attracted
no attention and caused no alarm before the
rebellion, until every southern arsenal was full
and every northern one empty at the time the
rebellion broke out. There was in it no danger
then. They had the Democratic Jeff. Davis at
the head of the War Department. California,
it was supposed, might be swung into the re-
bellion, and on her distant shores there were
more arms than the States of New York and
Pennsylvania together had. Then there was
no apprehension about distributing arms ad
libitum. It was Democratic then. It did not
arouse even the apprehensions of tny friend
from Wisconsin; but now since he has started
on this new tack he has got afraid of powder,
as he ought to be. In 1301 Davis took all the
arms of the Government and wentoff. Where
was the Democratic cry of an unequal or dan-
gerous distribution then? Oh, no; they are
alarmed only when you strike the chord of
loyal men. Sir. I wish the nation to understand
that so far as this (Congress are concerned, they
are the only class ot men we intend to arm.
Imagine, Mr. President, a Democratic mili-
tia. Forrest would organize it in Tennessee,
a man whose name is written in eternal infamy
as the coldest, bloodiest butcher of the nine-
teenth century. There would be no danger of
putting arms in his hands, I take it, before
election or after either! He would murder as
coolly at one time as another. I am surprised
at this Democratic sensitiveness on this subject.
It is a weapon that they know well to wield.
They have wielded it with tremendous power.
They have clothed this nation with the habili-
ments of mourning. They have made more
new-made graves than all parties of this nation.
It is the murderer that is afraid of the sword
of justice. They apprehend that arms in loyal
men's hands may lie used for purposes as vile
as they would use them themselves; but I can
give them a little comfort on that question.
Arms in the hands of loyal men will only be
used in the direst necessity and in defense of
their individual rights, and in defense of the
public liberties of the country. That is the
use which will be made of them. Pear not, my
Democratic friends; you have no Forrest at
the head, no Wade Hampton, no Davis; but
men who are scarred all over with wounds re-
ceived honorably in the strife to perpetuate
this country. They will use them as becomes
dignified citizens and a liberty loving people,
individually and en masse, no matter of what
color. Ay, sir, even the half barbarians that
the gentlemen tell us of would not be so cruel
as their intelligent whites. Kir. the charm of
the measuie is in the word " loyalty," and that
is what excites apprehension. Hereafter, Mr.
President, during all the history of this country,
that, word will have a peculiar and potent sig-
uilicanee. The word and its meaning will be
taught, to the children of this Republic to the
remotest day; and history will impress it upon
us as a most important and distinctive word"
when we speak of citizens of this country.
Mr. President, while my friend from Indi-
ana disclaims speaking for the President of
the United States, I have noticed one thing,
that almost always the President lias done just,
about what the Senator irom Indiana sug-
gested as the rule of action. One thing this
country will rely upon : he will do that which
will harm the controlling power of this Gov-
ernment the most he can. He will overthrow
these governments which have now assumed
a {/i/a.s£ peaceful appeal ancc, and he will plunge
them again, if possible, into the direst anarchy
that ever was seen. We owe certainly to those
men who have come up and established these
loyal governments through much tribulation,
black and white, that protection which is due
to the American citizen; and I say that it
would be bad faith on the part of Congress to
adjourn and leave that bill quivering in the
balance of uncertainty. I regard it as far more
important than some of the appropriation bills.
The country would live without them ; but
without this the buds of liberty that, ate now
springing forth in the southern States will
never blossom.
I hope, therefore, that the longest day possi-
ble will be named, and I hope that when that
day is reached we shall not adjourn. The
country and the world look to the present
! Congress of this nation to save the country,
j Struggling loyalty in the southern States looks
] to Congress ; and an anxious North, and East
and West, look to Congress to sustain the
principles of this Government; and above all,
when the broad issue is made between the
Executive and Congress, we shall be cowards
to shrink from the issue which we have made.
[ hope, sir, that Congress will not do that. I
hope Monday will be fixed; and when Monday
comes, if we can get away let us go, but do not
let us get away so that we cannot come back
unless upon the call of the President. lie
would call us but under one set of circum-
jl stances, if by the call he could annihilate us.
j| Mr. President, I have said all that L desired
j| to say. I hope the Senate will act prudently
ii on this question. 1 hope they will take a recess,
I] and then on the day named for reassembling
enough can come here to make a quorum, if it
is necessary ; but at any rate let us not adjourn
finally.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Before the honorable
Senator takes his seat I desire to ask him a
question merely for information, as he has no
doubt thought somewhat on the subject. No
doubt the suggestion has occurred to him which
occurs to me, and 1 beg to put to_ him this
inquiry: suppose the President, for his allusion
is to him, shall do some of these things which
he deprecates; suppose a requisition is made
by the Governor of one of these newly habili-
tated States for troops, and the President says,
"Looking upon this as I do, I do not think
troops are necessary, and therefore I shall send
none;" in that emergency, or in any such
emergency, I inquire of the Senator what we
should do if we were here, to mitigate the evil
or to avoid the difficulty?
Mr. NYE. I will answer the honorable
Senator. I would pass a law as quick as the
rules of legislation would admit, that the Gov-
ernors of the several States should call out the
militia upon their own responsibility and put
down rebellion in their States. That is what I
would do.
Mr. CONKLING. Does not the Senator
know that by the constitutions which we have
approved, and by the common law lying back
of all constitutions, every one of those Govern-
ors has that power now in the fullest sense?
Mr. NYE. Very well; if that would not do
I would have Congress introduce a resolution
for the impeachment of the President, and
impeach him in ten hours, if he refused to do
that duty.
Mr. SUMNEIl, That ought to be done now.
Mr. CONKLING. I have respect for that
answer of the Senator from Nevada. I think
it is the answer of a lawyer and a logician. It
is fair for the Senator to say that he would be
here, and if this Executive, breaking through
the rules of his duty, shows that he is fatally
bent on mischief he would impeach and depose
him. There I agree with tiie Senator, as I
could not do if, taking the idea which I infer
prevails with some other members of this body,
he should suggest that it was the duty of the
two Houses of Congress to crouch here like
two watch-dogs, barking to prevent executive
encroachment.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I do not like the
figure of my honorable friend. I insist upon
it that Congress is not crouching when it stands
to its post of duty. I insist upon it that if it
is necessary I would turn watch dog to save
this country; and if my honorable friend feels
that he is demeaning himself when he stands
here at a time when the air is full of danger,
with an Executive bent upon the destruction
of the liberties of his country—if he feels that
he is crouching when he stands here to watch
by those liberties, I do not believe he means
to be so understood.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator and I do
not seetn to understand the word "crouch"
alike.
Mr. NYE. No, sir; I would stand here in
manly erectness; I would stand here in sen-
atorial erectness—not a dog, not crouching.
I would give the world to understand and tho
liberty loving people of this world to know
that here between the evil designs of a wicked
President and the liberties ot this country
Congress stands like a wall of fire, and here it
will stand. But, sir, I submitted these views
on a former occasion, and I was beaten then,
as I probably shall be now; but I do not intend
that the responsibility for the consequences
shall be upon me.
Mr. WILLEY. I rise, sir, not for the pur-
pose of prolonging this discussion, but by way
of personal explanation. A few evenings
ago 1 took occasion to reply to the argument
ot the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,]
who had stated that the purpose of the bill
then before the Senate was simply to have an
influence on the ensuing election. To show
him that, there were other necessities, true ne-
cessities, in the southern States, growing out
