THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
commcrcial agents, deputy consuls, and consular
agents therein, in such manner and under such reg-
ulations as he shall deem proper; but no compensa-
tion shall be allowed for the service of any such vice
consul or vice commercial agent beyond nor except
out of the allowance made by his act for the principal
consular officer in whose place such appointment
shall be made; and no vice eonsul, vicc commercial
agent, deputy eonsul, or consular agent shall be ap-
pointed otherwise than in such manner and under
such regulations as the President shall proscribe
pursuant to the provisions of this act."
[To the witness.] Now, sir, in tlie Depart-
ment of State, have they ever undertaken to
make a vice consul against the provisions of
this act ?
The Witness. I am not aware that they
ever have.
Question. Or attempted it in any way?
Answer. Not that I know of.
Mr. CUR LTS. I now offerfrom the Depart-
ment of State the document I hold in my hand,
which contains a list of consular offices ap-
pointed duj-itig the session of the Senate when
vacancies existed at the time such appoint-
ments were made. The earliest instance of it
in this list is in 1837, and the latest one does
not come down to the law which the honorable
Manager has read. They are all prior to that
law, and after the year 1837.
[The document was handed to the Managers
for examination.]
Mr. CURTIS. I was mistaken in a date.
I thought the honorable Manager read the date
of the law as 18(56.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Eighteen hundred
ami fifty six. August 18, 1850.
Mr. OUIll'IS. Then there are some which
are subsequent to the law. They begin in 1837,
and they come down to about 1802, if 1 re-
member rightly. I have not examined it
minutely.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. There was a prior
statute of 1818 which was partly revived in the
law of 185(5.
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. Mr. Chief
Justice, I wish to call the attention of the
counsel for the respondent to the fact that it
docs not appear from this paper that these
vacancies did not happen during tire recess of
the Senate. It merely states that they were
filled during the session. As these were offices
existing in remote countries the probability is
that the vacancies happened during the recess
of the Senate.
Mr. CURTIS. It does not appear when
the vacancies happened. The purpose for
which we offer the evidence is to show that
these temporary appointments were made to
(ill vacancies during the session of the Senate.
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. 1 only wish to
give notice that we treat them as cases where
vacancies happened during the recess of the
Senate, it being perfectly understood that,
according to the practice, vacancies happening
during the recess of the Senate might be filled
during the session of the Senate. There is no
evidence to the contrary in the papers.
Mr. I5VARTS. We understand, then, that
the Managers hold that a vacancy that hap-
pens in the recess may be filled during the
session without sending a nomination to the
Senate.
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. No.
Mr. EVARTS. T thought that was what you
stated. Is ir, not your proposition?
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. I only give
notice that on that record we propose to treat
these as vacancies happening during the recess
of the Senate.
Mr. EVARTS. And filled during the session.
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. That we do
not know anything about; when they were filled.
It does not appear that they did not happen
during the recess.
Mr. EVARTS. The certificate is to the
effect that they were filled during the session
of the Senate.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. We do notpro-
pose to settle the law of the case now.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
does not understand the honorable Managers
as objecting to the reception of this document
in evidence.
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. We do not
object to the paper. I only give notice how we
propose to treat it, on the face of the paper, as
not showing that the vacancies happened during
the session of the Senate.
The document is as follows:
United States op America,
Department of State:
To allto whom these presents shall come, greeting:
I certify that tho doeumont hereunto annexed
contains a list of consular officers appointed during
the session of the Senate, where vaeaneios existed at
the time such appointments were made.
In testimony whereof I, William II. Seward, Sec-
retary of State of tho United States, have hereunto
subscribed my name and caused the seal of tho De-
partment of Stato to bo affixed.
Done at the city of Washington, this 11th day of
Tl s I April, A. I). 18GS, and ol the independence of
'' tlio United Slates of America the ninety-
second. WILLIAM H. SBWAltl).
llenry C. Bridges, appointed vice consul at Kin-
Kiang, China, May 10, 18(31, on the resignation of
\V. llreek, consul.
D. Thurston, appointed vice consul general at Mon-
treal, May .51, IStit, on the death of J. R. Giddiugs,
consul general.
A. U it ft", appointed vice consul at Domerara, 7th
January, 18Uo, on tile death ot 0. 0. Hannah, consul.
George \V. liealy, appointed vice consul at ISom-
bay, December 18(il, on death of L. II. Ilatliold,
consul.
Hubert Bayman, appointed rice consul at Func'mil,
March 21,1S(51. on death of G. Tvtio. eonsul.
13. Bremt, appointed vice consul at Hanover, Feb-
ruary IS, 1801, on ilio resignation of J. fc>. Iloiton,
consul.
Alcvandcr Thompson, appointed vice consul gen-
eral at Constantinople, January 7,18(50,awaiting tho
arrival of At. M. Smith, appointed consul general.
Bernardo J. Arcanques, appointed vice consul at
Bayonne, April !'?, lboti, on resignation of John P.
Sullivan, consul.
Joseph Ayton, appointed vice consul at Caitha-
gena, Tebru.iry 20, 18:18, on the lesignation of J. M.
MePherson, consul.
Thomas V. Clark, appointed vico eonsul at Guaya-
quil, December 31,1857, on resignation of Al. P. Game,
consul.
A. Lacombe, appointed vico consul at Puerto Ca-
bello, January 23, ISGo, on the transfer ol C. 11. Loehr
to Laguayra.
John Gardner, appointed vice consul at Rio Ja-
neiro, September 15, 1839, on the removal of J. M.
Baker,
11. F. Fitch, appointed vice consul at Pernambuco,
April 13,I860, ondeath of W. W, Stepp.
August Peixoto, appointed acting eonsul, Decem-
ber 7, I slit, on the removal ,tf Thomas F. Wilson,
consul, at Kaiua.
Samuel G. Pond, appointed acting consul at Para,
December 2, 1862, on the death of 51. R. Williams.
Kobert II. Robinson, appointed acting vicc consul
at Montevideo, March 12, 1858, on resignation of K.
M. Hamilton.
Amorv Edwards, appointed netingeonsul atBuenos
Ayres. December 2.8,1810, oil death of Slade.
William L Hebron, appointed vice consul a.t Val-
paraiso, July 17, 18t0, on resignation of George G.
llobson.
George 15. Merwin, appointed vico consul at Val-
paraiso, December 5,1851,on the lesignauoil of Reu-
ben Wood.
W. II. Kellev, appointed vice consul at Otahcite,
December 31.1848. Mr. llawes not having exequatur.
D. B. Van lit undt, appointed United States consul
at Acapulco, May 2"i, 18C0, by Flag Officer Montgom-
ery, on death ofMeMieken.
Gideon' Wei.les sworn and examined.
By Mr Evarts :
Question. You are now Secretary of the
Navy ?
Answer. I am.
Question. At what time and from whom did
yon receive that appointment?
Answer. I was appointed in March, 1801, by
Abraham Lincoln.
Question. Ami have held office continuously
until now ?
Answer. From tlmt date.
Question. Do you remember on the 21st of
February last your attention being drawn to
some movements of troops or military officers?
Answer. On the evening of the 21st of Feb-
ruary my attention was called to some move-
ments that were being made.
Question. How was this brought to your
attention ?
Answer. My son brought it to my attention.
He had been attending a party at which there
had been an application from a son of Gen-
eral Emory, I think, and from one or two
others, for any officer belonging to the fifth regi-
ment or under the command of General Emory
to repair forthwith to headquarters.
Question. Your son had observed that and
had reported it to you ?
Answer. He reported that to me. '
Question. Did you, in consequence of that,
seek or havo an interview with the President
of the United States?
Answer. I requested my son to go over that
evening; but he did not see the President.
Mr. Manager BUT.LBR. Stay "a moment.
We object to what was said. :
_ Mr. EVAltl'S. He says lie sent his sota, and
his son failed to see the President.- His at*
tempt was first to send a message.
The Witness. I was not well, and could not
go myself. . ;
By Mr. Evabts:
Question. You attempted to send a message
that night ?
Answer. I did.
Question. State what happened on the fol-
lowing day ?
Answer. On Saturday, the 22d, I went my-
self, in the morning or_ebout noon, to the Presi-
dent on that suljeet. I tohl him what I had
heard, and asked him what it meant 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We object to that
conversation.
The Witxkss, Very good.
Mr. EVARTS. Is objection made to this?
Mr. Manager BUTLEli. Yes, sir ; and be-
fore we speak to the objection I should like t,o
ask the witness to fix the time a little mate
careful ly.
Mr. EVARTS. He has stated it exactly;
about noon.
The Witness. About twelve o'clock on the
22d of February.
By Mr. Manager Buti.eb :
Question. How close to twelve, before or
after?
Anstcer. I should think it was a little before
twelve o'clock. I will state a circumstance or
two. The Attorney General was there when I
went in. While I was there the nomination of
Mr. Ewing was made out for Secretary of
War, and was delivered to this Private Secre-
tary to lie carried to the Senate.
Sir. Manager BUTLER. Stay a moment.
Let us see what time he said that was.
Mr. EVARTS. It is not time for cross-
examination now.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No; but I sub-
mit, Mr. President, it is time for cross-exam-
ination upon the question whether the thing is
admissible in order to ascertain the time. At
one point of time it may be, while at another
point of time it clearly is not admissible.
Mr. EVARTS. It is quite immaterial, if
you will go on and get through.
Mr. Manager BUl'LER. Quite immaterial
what point ol' lime?
Mr. EVARTS. Immaterial whether you
croFS-cxamine now or hereafter.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I only want to fix
it. [To the witness.] You think it was very
near twelve?
The Witxkss. Abont twelve o'clock.
Question. Could it have been as early as
half past eleven ?
Answer. No, sir; I do not think it was.
Question. 13ut between that and half past
twelve some time?
Atisicer. Yes, sir.
Question. AVithin that hour?
Ansioer. Yes, sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Now, our objec-
tion 
Mr. EVARTS. Nowlwill proceed with my
questions, if you please.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Very well.
Mr. EVA UTS. How far have we got now?
Let the answer on this point as far as it has
gone be read. Mr. Stenographer.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The stenographer
will read what is desired.
D. F. MunriiT, one of the reporters for the
Globe, read from the short-hand notes of Mr.
Welles's testimony, as follows:
"On Saturday,the 22d, I went myselfin tho morn-
ing or about noon to tho President on that subject.
I told him what I had heard; asked him wluit it
mennt 
"Mr. Manager Butler. Wo object to that con-
versation.'•
