1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
of the disorganized state of society there and
the insecurity of life and property, and in at-
tempting to make my poml iu response to him
I took occasion to read some extracts from a
report which had been recently made before
the constitutional convention now sitting in the
State of Texas. Yesterday the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] took occasion to
animadvert upon what I said and upon the
extracts which I read in terms very severe and
I think in terms somewhat uncourteous. The
Senator undertook to tell me and the Senate
that he was tired of such recitals; that such
recitals were disgusting to him, and finally
concluded by saying that they were unworthy
ol'credit, and that he believed nothing in them
at all. Now, Mr. President, humble as I am
upon this floor, when I feel upon my responsi-
bility as a member of the Senate that it is my
duty to givtt information which is in my pos-
session, which t believe is material to the proper
action of the Senate, I desire the Senator
from Indiana to understand that he will have
to listen to the recital and he will have to pre-
pare himself for additional disgust. I must be
"alio-wed to oe controlled by my own sense of
propriety and duty.
But, sir, my main purpose in rising was to
place the character of the document from which
i read more distinctly before the Senate and
the country. I read from an official document
published by the constitutional convention now
sitting in the State of Texas. That document
was a report made by seven of the leading
members of that convention, namely: Messrs.
Caldwell. Whitmore, Sumner, Evans, Bledsoe,
Cole, and Bell. With the chairman of that
committee 1 have a personal acquaintance. Of
several of the other members of that commit-
tee I have a historical knowledge. Some of
them 1 have understood fought through the
late war and made an honorable record for
themselves. As I stated the other day, the
chairman of thatcominittee is a gentleman per-
sonally known to me, Judge Caldwell, long a
lesident of Texas, a man of southern birth,
born in Tennessee, personally known to my
fiieud from Tennessee [Mr. Fowler] as a man
of honor, a man of integrity, a man of intelli-
gence ; and I will take occasion here to say,
since 1 have brought his name under the criti-
cism of the honorable Senator from Indiana,
that he is a mail who in intelligence, in integ-
rity, in honor, and in patriotism will receive
no detriment by any comparison or by any test
■with the honorable Senator from Indiana him-
self. And, sir, I am advised that several others
of that committee, who made this report over
their own signatures, and which has been au-
thorized to be published to the world, are men
of equal intelligence, of equal honor, and of
equal veracity. It was their report that I read
to the Senate ; and since the honorable Sena-
tor from Indiana has taken occasion to ex-
press himself in the manner towhichlhave
alluded in respect to their report I will, take
occasion to read from that report wliat they think
of men who deny their allegations, and 1 want
to place it distinctly upon the record to day.
So lar as the allusion of tUat Senator has refer-
ence to myself, so far as his disgust was intended :
to be applied to me, I can as well pass any such |
expression from him without notice as he can \
afford to make it. These gentlemen say in
their report, and 1 read it in response to what
that honorable Senator said :
"Now, incomplete as they are, these figures tell a
friglitiut story ot' blood. Ttiey represent stubborn
facts. which cannot be suppressed by denials or by
denouncing them as fabricated for political effect.
And wuoever attempts it is not only untaithtul to
history, not only an apologist for crime, but may be
jusily charged as an accessory to the wickedness
llsclt, as encouraging and abetting murderers, and
as equ.illy guilty with^ them. We cannot shut our
e>es upon these appalling scenes of bloodshed; and
instead ot attempting to conceal them, it becomes I
us to face tliem ilonestiy, and address ourselves to
the duty of discovering the cause and locating the
responsibility of this slaughter of oar fellow-citi-
zens."
Mr. President, I should have hesitated to
introduce the names of these gentlemen before
the Senate if I had supposed they would be
subjected to such passionate criticism and an-
imadversion ; but since I did it I leave their
names and their statement here upon record,
and they will go out to the country side by side
with the name ana the criticism of tie Senator
from Indiana : and high as that is, I venture
to say that the country and history will make
no comparison to the detriment of these seven
honorable men of Texas.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am indifferent whether
we fix Friday or Monday as theday-of adjourn-
ment. If gentlemen think we cauuot well get
through with business until Monday, be it so.
1 know nothing to prevent our getting through
now except the executive business. There is
considerable of that, and it may occasion some
debate. There are reasons why. I think, we
ought to fix one of these days as the day of
adjournment, in addition to those that have
been stated. One is that I am satisfied the
longer we stay the more damage we do. I
address myself to my friends on this side of
the house. I think the recent legislation and
debates, if not in this body, elsewhere, are cal-
culated to injure us exceedingly, andthesoouer
we get out of this place and attend to matters
at home the better. That is my judgment.
Another reason is this: gentlemen have evi-
dently been thinking of what they are going to
say before the people in the coming canvass,
and if we do not adjourn soon we shall have
all the speeches here. We have had samples
already, political speeches, evidently thought
of or floating through the minds of gentlemen
as fine arguments to be made when they get
before the people. I think they had better he
left till they get there.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
iiox. ) The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts, to strike out
"Friday, the 21th," and insert ''Monday, the
27th," upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Cattell, Chandler, Conness,
Corbett, Cragin, Fessenden, Fowler, Harbin, McDon-
ald, Morton, Osborn, Patterson of New Hampsliue,
Patterson of Tennessee, Ponleroy, Ramsey, Rice,
Sprnguc. Stewart, Sumner, Tha3rer, Tip ton. Van
Win..le, Welch, Wiiiey, and Wilson—2t>.
NAYS—Alexis. Anthony, Uuckalew, Cole, Conk-
ling, Davis, Doolittle, Frelinglmysen, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howe, McCreery, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Sherman, Trumbull,
Viukers, Whyte, and Williams—19.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Dixon,
Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Grimes, Harris, Howard,
Ke.logg, Norton, Nye, Pool, Robertson, ltoss, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Wade, and 1'ates.—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFiCER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] to strike
out all after the word "that" and insert a
substitute.
Mr. SUMNER. I am in favor of the amend-
ment. The only question is a practical one as
to whether the time proposed for meeting is
the best. It is proposed, I think, that Con-
gress shall come together on the fourth Monday
of September. I have thought that a better
day would be the second Wednesday of Sep-
tember. 1 throw that out by way of suggestion
rather than to make a motion.
Mr. WILSON. I have modified my amend-
ment, and I ask that it be read as modified.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,which
was to strike out all after the word "that''
and insert:
The President of the Senate and the Speaker of
the House of Representatives on Monday, the 27th
day of Juiy, at twelve o'clock meridian, adjourn
their respective Houses until the third Mond-iy ot
September : and on that day, unless it be then other-
wise ordered bythe two Houses, they further adjourn
their respective Houses until the first Monday in
December, 18tiS.
Mr. SU MNER. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose the Senator
by moviug this amendment intends it as a
proposition providing for a conditional session
if a quorum shall appear, and otherwise car-
rying Congress over until the settled day.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; the same as the
meeting in July last year.
Mr. CONKLING. Just the same as our
meeting in July last year, the Senator obliges
me by saying. There was a time when I should
have felt entirely free to vote for such a reso-
lution as this. 1 offered it several years ago
iu the House of Representatives as a mode of
providing for an adjournment. This propo-
sition in_ substance, as the Senator says, was
adopted in March of last year at the end of
the extra session of Congress ; and when we
came here in July we were met by an elaborate
protest made by the colleague of the Senator,
who now offers the proposition, which went so
far as to declare that we had acted in deroga-
tion and violation of the Constitution of the
United States in passing such a resolution. I
beg to read a word or two of what the Senator
[Mr. Somxer] submitted on that occasion.
The resolution having been read, the Senator
said:
" I rise to a question of order on that resolution,
which I submit as follows: that the resolution under
-which Congress is to-day assembled, so far as it un-
dertakes to direct the adjournment of the two Houses
of Congress without day, is unconstitutional and
inoperative, inasmuch as the Constitution, after de-
claring that 'a majority of each House shall con-
stitute a quorum to do business,' proceeds to pro-
vide that ' a smaller number may adjourn from day
to day, and may be authorised to compel the attend-
ance of absent members;' and, therefore, such reso-
lution must not be restarded by the Chair so far as it
undertakes to provide for an adjournment without
day. As, according to the view, there is a quorum
already present, the incident contemplated by the
resolution will not'probably arise; but I felt it my
duty, byway of precaution and caveat, to introduco
now this protest, to the end that that resolution may
not hereafter be drawn into a precedent so as to
abridge the rights of the two Houses of Congress un-
der the Constitution ot the United States."
The debate proceeded, and this was stated
more at length ; but it will be seen now that
under the guise of a provision for a conditional
and possible session of Congress we are about
to vote upon a proposition which, according
to the judgment of the colleague of the mover
of it, has no legal effect except to adjourn us
from the day fixed until that day in September
which has been named, and that the whole
provision beyond that is nugatory and a viola-
tion of the Constitution. 1 think that it need
not be drawn into a precedent, as the Senator
said on that occasion. We had better vote
upon the old-fashioned proposition that we
understand and not be drawn into one so
ambiguous as this has been rendered by the
judgment pronounced upon it by the honor-
able Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the suffi-
cient answer to the Senator from New York is
that the session of last July was hgld under
and by virtue of a resolution identical in its
terms with that on which the Senate is now
about to vote. Tf, when Congress comes to-
gether in September, the question should arise
contemplated by the point of order presented
by myself last July, then will be the time to
consider and decide it. If there be a quorum
present, there will be no occasion. If the oc-
casion requires a quorum it will be here in
order to transact the business of this Republic.
And now the practical question is whether, be-
cause of some possible question of order here-
after, we shall fail to make proper provision
for a session in the coming month of September.
Sir, I shall not be frightened from doing my
duty in that regard by any possible question of
order that may arise at that time. Should the
question arise which I felt it my duty to state
last July, and to which the Senator from New
York has called attention, I shall be ready
then to act upon it. There was no occasiou
at that time to act upon it, nor is there any
great reason to suppose that there will be any
occasion to act upon it now. If public busi-
ness demands a meeting of Congress and we
do not leave ourselves entirely powerless there
will be a quorum here in both Houses ready
for the transaction of business. At least in
that, confidence I am willing to make provision
for the future. . . , ,
Mr. CONKLING. But I insist upon hav-
ing this point understood before we vote, lhe
