1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3303
such influences, with sucli teachers as Lee and
Maury, seems to argue a moral obtuseness and
bluutness, a forgettulness of the distinctions
feetween right and wrong- So long as there are
thousands of poor, uneducated patriots, why
neglect them and educate traitors ? So long as
there are thousands of solid, reliable, Union
men, why put power in the hands of their
enemies?
As a specimen of the sentiments of some of
the leading presses of this "ruling class'5 I
quote the following passages, clearly indicating
their purposes as to our cherished measures 01
reconstruction.
The Memphis Appeal says:
"The rescue of the South from the utter damna-
tion that seems about to fall upon and overwhelm us
all, is only to be effected by restoring the powers of
the Government to the hands of white men ; and
denying to the negro, now and_ forever, without
exception or qualification, the right to vote. To
effect this oniy do we struggle.
"Between us and the black man there can be no
other relation than that of patron and client, unless
he is fool enough to make himself a danger and a
nuisance in the State. If he will keep his proper
place we will to the utmost of our power and influ-
ence secure to him his freedom and his civil rights,
and none shall oppress or make him afraid, if we can
prevent it. If he is not content with that it may be
that he will, by and by, have to be content with less;
and if so, he may thank those for it who have misled
•'To give these ignorant, stupid eans-culoltea the
right to vote in municipal affairs, and to elect the
mayors and aldermen of cities, is a union of villainy
and absurdity so despicable that it would provoke a
Bardonic smile on the countenance of Beelzebub. To
any one who has given them that right we would
vote nothing but a halter; for, compared with it.
robbery and murder are laudable acts and merito-
rious services done the Commonwealth."
The Mobile Advertiser says:
"The detestable work of the herd of adventuring
scoundrels and ignorant negroes assembled at Mont-
gomery is complete, and the 4 abomination of abomi-
nations/ as it came from their hands, is to be sub-
mitted, in the shape ot a monstrous thing named a
constitution, to what its fiendish authors call the
suffrages of the people."
The Charlottesville (Virginia) Chronicle com-
ments thus on the result of the election in that
State in October last:
" By Tuesday's work thA negroes haveset their seal
to their doom. There is no longer any peace. Tho
question now is, who shall occupy and rule the ter-
ritoiy between forty ana thirty-two degrees north
latitude—the blacks or the whites ? "
The Lynchburg Virginian, on the same occa-
sion, utters a similar threat:
44 It only remains for the white people of Virginia
to look to their interest and labor to protect it. ihey
should concert measures without delay to nil the
State with white laborers from the North and from
Europe. They must crowd the negro, out. lhey
. must rid the State of an element that will hinder its
prosperity; an element that, under the influence ot
base white demagogues—themselves without prop-
erty—would tax tho property of others to relieve
themselves of obligation to educate their children
and care for their paupers."
The Lynchburg News says:
44 We are gratified to learn that one hundred and
fifty negroes, employed at the Wythe iron mines, all
of whom voted the straight-out Radical ticket, were
discharged on Tuesday by the owner of the works.
This is precisely the step which every employer should
take."
The Petersburg (Virginia) Index says:
44 Send them adrift unhesitatingly. Lotthemlearn
how unsatisfactory are the husks upon which the
Radicals would have them feed. They will soon
weary of the diet and then, when they, have proved
repentance, let them return and be assisted m their
efforts to beoome worthy people. Butthe offense has
been grievous, and the penance should be severe, ana
the conversion must be proved by woiks. Until it is
established they should be shunned as enemies.
"Let no man sleep under your roof, break your
bread, drink of your cup, who has spoken at the polls
in favor of that party which would despoil your
house, embitter your crust with slavery, and fill your
cup with the poi&on oi humiliation. f
In addition look at the following extracts
from the Montgomery Alabama Mail, made in
further illustration of the spirit of hate still
animating a very large body of these people.
The paper was published oil the 11th of Feb-
ruary last, and since the election held on the
new constitution :
" Our •mite' Black Liat.— The Roll of Vhhonor-
See Who nnd Wh;t They j4r«.-Bolow we give th«
names of tho renegade, or bievet wlntos. who voted
last week in this city for tho bogus constitution,
framed I v carpet-baf? adventurers and ignorant
neirroes, and who by their votes have denounced the
white race, and proclaimed themselves in iavor ot
negro supremaey aDd equality. Xtis a consolation to
know that the number is small. Let their names be
preserved and entered upon the roll of dishonor:
"George Ely, carpet-bagger and negro candidate
forjudge of probate.
" W. T. Hatchett, chief of registration.
"J. W, Dimick, carpet-bagger and bureauite.
" N. B. Cloud, negro candidate for superintendent
of education.
" AV. B. Cloud, the * son of his father/ formerly a
confederate soldier, took tlie' test oath,' and was one
of the election managers."
And so on through more than a column of
similar abuse.
The subjoined article appears in the same
number qf the Mail:
"Disohargcd—Within the past few days a large
number of negro employes have been discharged in
this city, who, by voting for the negro constitution,
directly arrayed themselves against the whites and
their business interests. Served them right. The
negroes were warned of this in time, but many of
them preferred to go with the scallawags and carpet-
baggers. and against their true friends, and hence
many of them are now out of employment. We are
glad to see that tliis plan ha$ been generally adopted
in nearly all parts of the State."
Then we have an article denouncing General
Meade for proposing to extend the time of
voting, which winds up as follows:
" If General Meade again lends himself to tho
Radicals and negroes, we shall be greatly disap-
pointed. If he intends to commit such an outrage
upon the rights and liberties of the white raee, now
that the infamous constitution has been defeated by
a large majority, we would suggest, in order to save
time, that General Meade issue an edict, stating
'that the negro constitution of Alabama is hereby
declared to be adopted.' Such an order would save
time and money; and while it would be denounced
as an outrage and usurpation by the civilized world,
it would be applauded by the negroes and their
carpet-bag candidates for office."
But it may be said why quote these expres-
sions of blatant rebels in opposition to the
relief of repentant rebels whose speeches, in-
fluence, and acts are now with us? To this I
say that the barrier once broken down and the
way opened for the relief of such men, and
many thousands will soon find some means to
obtain it; by an altered tone, through sym-
pathy, by personal influence, by the use of
money, by the help of friends, by some of tlie
many ways which men facile to enter the ranks
of treason may adopt. Such men are not to
be trusted. And there will be no end to their
solicitation and electioneering for the purposes
of relief if once the opportunity is offered to
procure it by such meaus. The difficulties at-
tendant upon acquiring a proper knowledge of
the position of applicants for relief are almost
insurmountable. Nothing short of the labors
of an investigating committee upon the charac-
ter and standing of each applicant will give
satisfactory knowledge, and no person should
be relieved until such a committee had been
appointed and made a thorough examination.
The danger is that in a short time the acts
of relief will be granted as personal favors, as
matters of friendship, or as mere electioneer-
ing tricks without reference to the opinions or
principles of the applicant; .just as legislative
divorces are granted in some States. The de-
termination of a question of returned loyalty
or political regeneration is rather a judicial
than a legislative one, and should in_ all cases
be tested by the application of certain general
rules and not otherwise. The applicant for
pardon should file a petition, should show his
attachment to the Union, should show the
necessity to the community and to the reorgani-
zation of society.
In all the history of nations we find no par-
allel to the magnanimity we have displayed to
rebels. When Sherman's army came back on
their grand review, no trophies, no treasure,
no captures graced the train. The war-worn
veterans, covered with the tattered blue; bore
aloft as their only emblem of victorious pride
their soiled an.d shot-torn flags—the memen-
toes of the strifes and storms that had ^0en
silenced forever. They had met and snatched
from rebel hands the arms of treason, and bid
their foes depart in peaee in the very spirit of
the Redeemer. No confiscation, no banish-
ments, no levies, no imprisonments, no execu-
tions ensued. Not one traitor was hung. And
the chief of the rebellion is at large, bailed
out by famous Union men.
The constitutional amendment, mild, wise,
just, kind in all its enactments, is the basis of
reconstruction. The clemency of this plan in
reenfranchising these men, politically pros-
trated by their own crimes, if it results suc-
cessfully-will be the marvel of mankind. Many
men who deserve imprisonment, banishment,
with forfeiture of all property; many who de-
serve the halter, have not only their liberty and
their property, but, in addition, full civil and
political rights; may vote and hold offices, and
assist in managing the very Government they
so recently attempted to destroy. Monarchs
have made restorations and granted amnesties,
but they were to subjects, not rulers i and they
who had been in rebellion were graciously per-
mitted to live and enjoy the protection of the
laws, never claiming the right to make them.
If treason is not to be made odious thus,
pray tell me how is it.to be done? ' If it is as
safe to fight on the side of treason as on the
side of the nation, what check is there upon
rebellion and revolt. If each party only take
the hazards of war, the risks of battle and dis-
ease, and when peace is made come together
on equal footing to determine future policy, a
premium will be held out for treason, and it
will be more profitable to fightagainst than for
one's country, for in the event of successful
revolt the insurgents will have seized a vast
prize, while the successful patriot must share
with his enemy and conquered fellow-citizen,
the very fruits of victory, and thedisposition of
all that has been attained by the force of arms.
Adopt such a rule and our country is launched
upon a sea of anarchy, disorder, violence, and
inevitable ruin. No race of men will madly
peril their lives for a government which can-
not discriminate in their favor. They will pre-
fer a despot, who at least knows and recognizes
his friends.
We are yet in the midst of the work of recon-
struction. Secretly and openly its enemies are
busy day and night to thwart our measures.
Property, liberty, life, all are in constant peril.
The whole South is full of these men, banded
together by deadly oaths, to put down and
destroy Union men. Murders and burnings
and the most harbarousoutragesare constantly
perpetrated upon our friends. The Ivu-Klux-
Klans, banded together for diabolical purposes,
prevail wherever a hatred of the Union and a
love of the " lost cause" are found. Slavery
is attempted to be reestablished by the foulest
means in various places ; in South Carolina as a
punishmentfor crime upon the most trivial pre-
texts. In Maryland General Grant reports
that—
" Apprenticeship still holds large numbers of eol-
ored children in virtual slavery. The evi ls and cruel-
ties resulting from this system, sanctioned by tlieotate
laws, are matters of constant complaint. As many
as two thousand eases have been presented m a single
county."
From Kentucky similar testimony comes. A
friend ofthe colored people writes from Evans-
ville, Indiana, to a religious paper in the North:
"We read, almost daily, of murders, arsons, and
robberies perpetrated against the rights of colored
persons in the southern States; but there are out-
rages perpetrated m the State of Kentucky of which
as yet nothing has been published. I refer to t ho
fact that colored porsons, mostly children and youlo,
are held asslavesin that State." "These children are
not called slaves—this is an ugly word—but appren-
tices. To all intents and purposes they are slaves;
only they are treated, if possible, with greater ci uei ty
than they were before the war." 'All along thisOaio
river border are parents whose children are thus held
in bondage in Kentucky. MaBy of the fathers were
soldiers in the Union Army; and they dare not ven-
ture across the river after their children.
With our work in the rebel States but fairly
begun, cognizant of the dangers surrounding
it, fully aware of the sleepless vigilance of its
enemies, why shall we at such a time throw
down a single restriction ? Every sensible man
in the land paused before he yielded to the
necessity of giving the ballot and official capa-
bilities-to the men who had so recently been
cramped, narrowed, beclouded, and broken,
as the effects of slavery. Even Garrison hesi-
tated. Again, such men paused and ^iveied
at the next step we have taken, and that 1., to
give the ballot to rebels recently in arms, con-
