SUPPLEMENT TO
Mr. EVARTS. Very good.
The CHIEF J USTICE. If the question be
objected to the counsel will please reduce it to
writing.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We object to any
conversation of the President at that time.
Mr. EVARTS, (to the witness.) What passed
between you and the President after that in
regard to that communication which you had
made to him ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Wait a moment.
The Chief J ustice desired the question to be
put in writing.
Mr. EVARTS. That is being done now.
The question was reduced to writing, and
read by the Secretary, as follows:
What passed between you and the President after
you made that communication and in referents© to
that communication ?
Mr. EVARTS. I would state, Mr. Chief
Justice and Senators, before any argument is
commenced on this subject, if there is to be
one. that this evidence is offered in regard to
the article that relates to the conversation
between the President and General Emory.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is precisely
as we understand it, Mr. President; but wo
also understand the fact to be that General
Emory had been sent for before Mr. Welles
appears on the scene. That is why I was
anxious to fix the time. I am instructed by
my associate Managers, and wo are now en-
deavoring to get the matter certain, that Gen-
eral Emory received a note to come to the
President's at ten o'clock in the morning, and
that he got there before even the Secretary of
the Navy. But, however that may bo, he was
called there before; we cannot at this moment
ascertain exactly how that is; but it does not
appear, fit any rate, that this conversation was
before Emory was sent for.
Mr. CURTIS. We shall see about that.
Mr. EVARTS. That is part of the matter
of proof that is to be considered of when it is
all in, as to which is right in hours and which
in facts.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The question of
what was said in the conversation is not to be
considered as proof which was right in (act. I
suppose my learned opponents would not claim
that if this was before General Emory came
there they have a right to put in the testi-
mony.
Mr. EVARTS. It is precisely in that view
that we offer it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I should have said
subsequent.
Mr. EVARTS. I beg your pardon.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I made a mistake
as to the comparative date for which I ain very
glad that you corrected me. If it was subse-
quent I suppose the gentlemen would not
claim that it could bo admitted. Therefore
it must appear affirmatively that it was before
in order to make it competent. That is my
proposition. It does not appear affirmatively
to have been before, and 1 think it was after-
ward ; but of that I am trying to make myself
certain by an examination.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks the evidence is competent. It will be
for the Senate to judge of its value. He will,
however, put the question to the Senate if any
Senator desires. [After a pause.] Yon will
proceed, Mr. Welles.
Mr. EVARTS. Yon will be so good as to
answer the question, Mr. Welles.
The Witness. I should like to have it read.
The Chief Clerk. The question is:
What passed between you and the President after
;< oa made that communication and in reference to
that communication?
The Witness. I cannot repeat the words,
perhaps, exactly; but yet I should think the first
words of the President were : " I do not know
what Emory means;" or " I do not know what
Emory is about." I remarked that I thought
he ought to know ; that if he was summoning
high officers at such a time the evening before
it must be for a reason, and it was his duty, I
thought, to send for General Emory, and to in-
quire into the facts. He hesitated somewhat.
We had a little conversation, and I think he said
that he would send for him. He either said he
would send for Emory or that he would send
and inquire into this. I think he said he would
send for him. That was about the conversa-
tion.
By Mr. Evarts :
Question. Now, Mr. Welles, I will call your
attention to the 21st of February of this year at
the time of the close of the Cabinet meeting on
that day. At what hour was the Cabinet meet-
ing held on that day, Friday, the 21st of Feb-
ruary ?
Answer. At twelve. Twelve is the regular
hour of meeting.
Question. That is the usual hour and that is
the usual day for Cabinet meetings?
Answer. Yes, sir. Tuesdays and Fridays.
Question. Did you at that time have any inter-
view with the President of the United States
at which the subject of Mr. Stanton's removal
was mentioned?
Answer. I did.
Question. At about what hour of the day
was that?
Answer. I cannot fix it. It must have been,
perhaps, in the neighborhood of two o'clock.
Question. Had you, up to that time, heard
of the removal of Mr. Stanton ?
Answer. I had not until the close of Cabinet
business that day.
Question. When the Cabinet meeting was
closed this interview took place at which the
subject was mentioned?
Answer. The President remarked 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stop a moment.
Mr. EVARTS, (to the witness.) You need
not state now what it was the President said ;
but that is the time ho made the communica-
tion ?
The Witness. Yes, sir.
By Mr. Evarts:
Question. What passed between you and the
President at that time?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We object to that.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Counsel will please
reduce their question to writing.
Mr. EVARTS. 1 will state what I propose
to prove.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
take a recess lbr fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and at the expi-
ration of the recess the Chief Justice resumed
the chair.
Mr. EVARTS. Before presenting in writing
the question which was objected to I wish to
ask one or two preliminary questions of Mr.
Welles before going further. [To the wit-
ness.] Did the President proceed to make
any communication to you on this occasion
concerning the removal of Mr. Stanton and the
appointment of General Thomas?
Answer, Yes ; he did.
Question. Was this before the Cabinet meet-
ing had broken up; or at what stage of your
meeting was it?
Answer. We had concluded the depart-
mental business and were about separating
when the President remarked 
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. You need not
state anything he said.
Mr. EVARTS. It was then that he made
the communication, whatever it was ?
The Witness. At that time he made the
communication.
Question. Who were present?
Answer. I believe all the Cabinet were pres-
ent. Perhaps Mr. Stanbery, the Attorney
General, was not. He was a good deal absent
during the session of the Supreme Court.
Question. All were present, unless it be Mr.
Stanbery, you think ?
Answer. I think so.
Mr. EVARTS. Now, Mr. Chief Justice and
Senators, I offer to prove that communication i
and submit it in this form : |
We offer to prove that on this occasion the Presi-
dent communicated to Mr. Welles and the other i
members of his Cabinet, before the meeting broke up,
that he had removed Mr. Stanton and appointed !
General Thomas Secretary of War ad interim, and '
that upon the inquiry by Mr. Welles whether Gen-
eral Thomas was in possession of the office the Presi-
dent. replied that he was; and upon further question
of Mr. Welles whether Mr. Stanton acquiesced the
President replied that he did; all that he required
was time to remove his papers.
Is that objected to?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Yes, sir. In refer-
ence to this question I want to call the counsel's
attention to the state of the fact. I understood
Mr. Welles said that after the Cabinet meeting
broke up 
Mr. EVARTS. No. I have put that ac-
cording to the fact. You were out, I believe,
when it was brought out. It was after they
had got through what he calls their depart-
mental business, but before the meeting broke
up, that the President made the communica-
tion.
Mr. Manager WILSON. Before they sep-
arated.
Mr. EVARTS. Before the mesting broke
up. It was in the Cabinet meeting not yet
broken up.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We have the honor
to object to this.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the proposition so that it can be heard
by the Senate.
The Secretary read the offer, as follows:
Wo offer to prove that on this occasion the Presi-
dent communicated to Mr. Welles and the other
members of his Cabinet, beforo the meeting broke
up, that he had removed Mr. Stanton and appointed
General Thomas Secretary of War ad interim, and
that upon the inquiry by Mr. Welles whether General
Thomas was in possession of the office the President
replied that he was; and upon further question of
Mr. Welles whether Mr. Stanton acquiesced the
President replied that ho did; all that lie required
was time to remove Ins papers.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President and
Senators, as it seems to us, this does not come
within any possible proposition of law to ren-
der it admissible. It is now made certain that
this act was done without any consultation of
his Cabinet by the President, whether that
consultation was to be held verbally, as I
think is against the constitutional provision, or
whether the theory is to be adopted that the
President has a right to consult with his Cabi-
net upon questions of his conduct. I should
hardly have dared, perhaps, to speak upon this
question of constitutional law with any con-
fidence, except so far as to bring to the mind
of the Senate that the President has no right
to call upon his Cabinet save through the con-
stitutional method, were I not borne out in it
by the opinion of Jefferson. Early in the Gov-
ernment he took the same view that I have
heretofore had thelionor incidentally of stating
to the Senate. There seems to be good reason
for it, because the heads of Departments were
in the first place never expected to be a Cabi-
net; there were but three of them. There lias
been a gradual growing up of this practice.
The Constitution wisely, for good purposes,
required that when the President wanted the
advice of any one of his principal officers he
should ask that advice in writing, and it should
be given in writing, so that it should remain
for all time exactly what the advice was which
he received, and exactly the point made.
And the reason of that was, there had been
an attempt in the various trials of impeach-
ment of members of cabinets to put in the
fact of the order of the king to the cabinet, or
the advice of various members of the cabinet
to each other. That had been exploded in the
Earl of Danby's case. That question used to
arise under that state of facts before courts of
impeachment, but our fathers evidently did not
mean that it should arise here.
But that is not this case, and I have only ad-
verted to this to make the clear distinction :
whatever may be the character of the act of
removal of Edwin M. Stanton and the act of
appointment of Lorenzo Thomas, I am glad
that it is now made q*ite certain by the testi-
mony of the Secretary of the Navy (who de-
clares he never heard of it until after it was
done) that it was not done by the advice of the
Cabinet; that the President was solely respon-
sible for it; and upon that, his own sole respon-
