1256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Februarv 19,
propose to make a set speech, but only to ex-
plain the amendments as they are read.
The SPEAKER. If the House commences
action the gentleman will lose his hour.
Mr. RANDALL. Let this go over until
to morrow.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
•wish to trespass upon the indulgence of the
House this evening, and if it be the wish to let
it go over until to-morrow I will now yield the
floor.
The SPEAKER. It will go over until to-
morrow after the reading of the Journal, there
being no objection.
exporters of distiltild spirits.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 764) for the relief
of certain exporters of distilled spirits; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill is as follows:
Be it enacted, &e„ That the act of January 11,
1868, entitled "An act to prevent frauds in the col-
lection of tax on distilled spirits," be so construed as
to permit alcohol and ruin, which at the date of the
passage of said act were already prepared and in-
tended for export or actually contracted for to be
delivered for exportation, to be withdrawn, removed,
and exported from the United States under such
transportation and export bonds and regulations as
wero require! theretor immediately prior to the
passage of said act: Provided. That all such spirits
shall be actually exported within thirty days from
the passage of this act; and upon failure to so export
the same within said thirty days the tax tliereon
shall become due and payable, and the bonds given
for the transportation and export thereof shall be
forfeited and collected as in case of such bonds not
canceled according to law.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
contingent fund of state department.
Mr. SCHENCK submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed
to inform this House what amount of money appro-
priated at any time heretofore by law for the contin-
gent expenses of foreign intercourse remains unex-
pended; whether there is any fund of any description,
anywhere, subject in anyway to his control or order,
or to be used or expended by him or by the btato
Department, which has come from any other source
than appropriation by law, and if so, what is the
amount of such fund, from what source or sources it
was derived, where and with whom it is deposited,
and by whoseoiderand underwhatauthorityoi law;
and that he also furnish a detailed statement of all
money and amounts which on the 1st day ot July.
1867, and on the lstday of January, 18J>3, respectively,
wore on deposit and subject to his order, or the order
of the State Department, m the hands of Baring X
Brothers, bankers, at London, or in the hands 01 an>
other bankers or banks or persons anywhere and a
further and particular statement of every deposit
made to the credit of sueh fund anywhere, and ot
every amount withdrawn therefrom except lor the
payment of the alariesof regularly accredited diplo-
matic agents, since the 1st day of April, lSlw, with
the names of each depositor or drawer and the date
of each deposit or draft.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
peoria a port of delivery.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I vise to a privileged
question. When my colleague [Mr. \V aSh-
bubxe, of Illinois] moved that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
I was about to ask him to yield m owlet.that
I might have considered a bill which he has
in his drawer, and is ready to report as chair-
man of the Committee on Gommrvce, declar-
ing Peoria, Illinois, a port of delivery, or m
other words reviving a former act. lhere can
be no objection to the bill. The committee
have considered it, and it will tiike but a few
minutes to pass it. I ask the bpeaker
was not an understanding at that time that l
had the privilege of calling this up.
The SPEAKER. It may have been a pn-
vate understanding between the gentlemen,
but none on the part of the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
' eights of american citizens abroad.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of citizens of Woosfcer, Ohio,
upon the rights of American citizens in foreign
States ; which were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
And then, on the motion of Mr. FARNb-
WORTH, (at four o'clock and twenty-five min-
utes p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BENTON: The petition of David
Glynn, of Plymouth, New Hampshire, for a
pension.
By Mr. COOK: The remonstrance of sol-
diers of Illinois, against the passage of a bill
forbidding the payment of judgments of the
Court of Claims until the same are passed upon
bv Congress.
"By Mr. COVODE; The petition of citizens
of Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania, to
extend mail route No. 2304, from Lycippus
to Iiidge View.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa; The petition
of officers of volunteer forces in relation to
pay for servants, &c.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: The petition_ of
Park Brothers and others, citizens of Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, praying that the law es-
tablishing bonded warehouses for foreign com-
merce be repealed and the systembe abolished.
Also, a petition from the select and common
councils of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying
that the powder magazine of Alleghany arsenal
be removed beyond the city limits.
By Mr. MOIUIELL: The petition^ of 65
citizens of Pottsville and vicinity, asking for
increased protection to American industry by
a modification of the tariff laws.
Also, the petition of 005 citizens of Johns-
town, Pennsylvania, representing that the
imprisonment of American citizens by the
British Government, guilty of no violation
of the laws of England, demands the imme-
diate attention of Congress, and that the long
delay in the settlement of the Alabama claims,
and the timorous, wavering, hesitating, and
cowardly course of our Government in its
feeble attempts to have the claims settled,
deserves the condemnation of the American
people, and requests that Congress take such
measures as will be calculated to redeem the
honor of our Government.
By Mr. PIKE ; The petition of James D.
Whelpley and others, for detail of engineers to
examine pulverized fuel.
Also, the petition of Benjamin Buggel and
others, soldiers in the war of 1812, for passage
of law for bounty.
Also, the petition of A. M. Roberts and
others, of Bangor, Maine, for repeal of St.
John and St. Croix river bills.
By Mr. SPALDING: Numerous petitions
from the eighteenth congressional district of
Ohio, praying for a reduction in national ex-
penditures and a diminution of the taxes upon
manufactures and an increased tariff upon im-
ported goods.
Also, the petition of A. B. Stone and others,
citizens of Cleveland, Ohio-, asking to have
bonded warehouses abolished.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of P. Haslet
and'35 others, citizens of St. Joseph county,
Michigan, praying Congress- for a reduction
of expenses and taxation.
By Mr. VAN WYCK: The petition of citi-
zens of Walden, Orange county, New York,
asking that the expenses of the Government
in the civil, military, and naval departments
be reduced; that taxes be removed from neces-
saries and retained only on luxuries.
By Mr. WARD: The petition of 300 citi-
zens of Ilornellsville, New York, and vicinity,
in favor of a law defining the status of our
naturalized citizens abroad, and to compel for-
eign Governments to extend to those citizens
the protection duo American citizens.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 19, 1808.
Prayer by Rev. B. II. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read ana
approved^
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolution, re-
ceived from the House of Rep*esentatives
yesterday, were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 718) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1809, and for other purposes—to the Com-
mitted on Appropriations.
A bill (H. R. No. 763) for the reliet of
American citizens abroad—to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
A. bill (H. R. No. 603) granting pensions to
certain soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812
to the Committee on Pensions. _ .
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 105) authorizing
the Comptroller of the Currency to revoke the
appointment of receiver for the Farmers and
Citizens' National Bank of Williamsburg, New
York, and to restore said bank to its owners
under certain conditions—to the Committee
on Finance.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of (he Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating an estimate from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs of appropria-
tion for the removal of Creek Indian refugees
to their homes in the Creek country; which,
on motion of Mr. Pomeboy, was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT^rofe? por-e presented res-
olutions adopted at a meeting of cigar-makers'
protective union, Columbus, Ohio, February
11, 1868, protesting against the present mode
of taxing cigars; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of cit-
izens of Washington, in which they protest
against any imposition upon them of what they
call the rule of a board of commissioners, aud
they pray for the speedy passage of .a bill
rechartering the city of Washington. As the
present charter expires on the 17\h day of
May next, action on the subject must be had
very promptly, and I now give notice that I shall
to-morrow, or as soon thereafter as possible,
introduce a bill rechartering the city of Wash-
ington. I ask the reference of this petition to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
It was so referred.
Mr. DRAKE presented a petition of Henry
S. Turner and others, of St. Louis. Missouri,
praying that taxation may be reduced and the
Army and Navy brought to a peace, standard;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of Eveline Jame-
son, of Johnson county, Missouri, praying that
her pension may be extended back to the date
of her husband's death ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. YTATES presented a remonstrance,
signed by William H. Anderson and twenty-
nine others, late officers in the volunteers, rep-
resenting seventeen regiments of Illinois sol-
diers, now residing at Aurora, Illinois, against
the passage of the Senate bill prohibiting pay-
ment of certain military claims: whicb was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the petition of
Brevet Major Theodore J..Eckerson, praying
that certain officers of the Army may be allowed
the additional ration for every five years of
service provided by the act of Congress of
August 23, 1842; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MORTON piesented a petition of Levi
Ferguson, late captain of the one hundred and
forty-sixth regiment Indiana volunteers, pray-
ing that he be allowed the three months' pay
