18tJ8.
THE CONGRESSIONAL
amendment, which was to strike out in the J
third seci ion, in tilt* part proposed to be stricken j
out. bv the committee, in lines ten, eleven, and |
twelve, the following words: !
To suspend in part, or wholly, commercial relations ,
witti Uie s.ud (j,>verinnent lu case no other remedy j
is, .iv.ui.to.e, I
Mr. bU.VfNBE. There is no objection to j
that amenuinent. That is entirely in harmony
with the amendment of the committee. [
Mr. CONNES.S. If there be no objection |
to it, of course it will be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be adopted. [A j
pause.] Now let the question come on the \
amendment of the committee. _ i
Mr. DAVIS. We do not concede the right I
of the senator from Massachusetts to accept
any amendment. 1 suppose it is the business
and duty of ihe Senate to vote upon eveiy
prop ibitiou ot amendment, and i want the
privilege of voting mj self upon every propo
Sition that is made.
Ihe PRES1D1NG OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is 011 the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. V1CKEUS. Mr. President, I have but
a few remarks to make explanatory of the vote
1 am about to give on the bill now under con-
sideration by the Senate. I understand that
four treaties with foreign nations have been
negotiated which secure to all persons natu-
ralized in our country, when abroad, all the
rights which belong to native American citi-
zens, and that treaties with other nations are
in piocess of negotiation which will doubtless
produce similar results. The telegraphic in-
formation recently received from Great Britain
is that she has declared her purpose to adopt
the views of our Government on the subject
of the rights of American naturalized citizens.
When our distinguished minister pletiipo- !
tentiary shall have been presented at the Court j
of St. .lames, one of his earliest duties will be j
the negotiation of a treaty on this subject, t
which, like those alluded to, will secure to our j
iiaturabzed citizens all that our Government
may desire. Similar treaties with the other
Governments in the world will no doubt be
made and ratilied by the American Senate,
and thus, without threats, reprisals, or war,
all that we can reasonably expect will be ac-
complished by diplomacy, which will belter
comport with the civilization of the age and
the genius and spirit of our institutions.
Let us not, by passing the third section of
this bill as it came from the House, embarrass
our minister, who is about to enter upon the
delicate and responsible duties of his embassy
under auspices the most favorable, and which
promise results that will be alike honorable and
beneficial to two of the greatest Powers of the
world.
i honor Great Britain for her just and noble
conduct to recover a number of her subjects
held as captives in Abjssinia after she had
exhausted her long and peaceful efforts at ne-
gotiation to reclaim them ; and I would honor j
more the acts of our own Governmentto defend
the rights of the humblest oppressed American
citizen after negotiations shall have failed to
sec'iie them, and especially when unjustly
seized and imprisoned by a foreign country ;
but. Congress, to whom the Constitution has
intrusted the right to make war, will not, when
an emergency shall atise, be found derelict to
its high duty, but will be ready to maintain,
with toe power of the nation, the dignity and
honor of the country, and the just rights of
every American citizen, native and naturalized.
Mr. Bt'CKALKW. I am in favor of the
general iJea embodied in this bill, and I intend
to vote for it if it can assume such aform as to
commend itself ro iny judgment. But, this sec-
tion, in my opinion, is open to very strong ob-
jections. 1 doubt very much whether we can
confide to the President of t.he United States
by a general law of this kind the power of pre-
ci mating hostilities with foreign Governments.
This section provides that the President, upon
his own judgment, in a certain state of tacts,
may arrest citizens of foreign countries itnd
hold them in custody as enemies. Although
this act upon his part may not be accompanied
by any public declaration or proclamation of
the intention of our Government, it is in its
very nature an act of hostility ; and it seems to
me that inasmuch as the power to declare war
is lodged exclusively with Congress by the Con-
stitution it is very doubtful whether sueh author-
ity as this should be confided to the President.
Mr. STEWART. Would it not, be an act
of hostility on the part of any other Govern-
ment to arrest American citizens? Are they
not the aggressors in auact of hostility? And
can we not. retaliate?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Very true, sir ; but for-
eign Governments are not bound by the Con-
stitution of the United States; and therefore
the Senator's point has no application to the
argument.
Mr. STEWART. My point in this: that
being an act of hostility, Congress says in ad-
vance that the United States will resist acts of
hostility from any Government in defense of
our citizens.
Mr. BUCKALEW". Well, sir, the power
to declare war against a particular nation is a
very different thing from a power to confide in
the President of the United States the author-
ity to declare war or to commit an act of hos-
tility, as he may think proper, in a given state
of facts. It is his act, it is his discretion, it is
his authority that is exercised in such a case,
and not that of Congress as provided for in the
Constitution.
Again, in this section it is provided :
That whenever it shall bo made known to the
President th.it an: citizen of the United Cjtatcs has
been arretted, and is det.ii.ied by anv lorois ' Gov-
ernment, in contravention of the lutentaud purposes
ot this act—
Then he may take the particular steps pro-
vided. By the second section, to which refer-
ence is made, it is provided that, all naturalized
citizens of the United States while in foreign
countries shallenjoy all the privileges ofnative-
boi'u citizens of the United States, and shall \
have the same protection extended to them.
We have just negotiated treaties with Prussia
and with other Powers, by which it is provided
that a citizen of a foreign country who emi-
grates to the United States shall reside here
full five years before he shall be entitled in his
own country, if he shall return to it, to the
privileges of a citizen of the United States. By
our laws we have provided that a foreigner
who has performed military service for one
year in the armies of the United States shall
be entitled to naturalization, and we have natur-
alized many such persons, and under our law
a great number may be naturalized hereafter.
By this bill a foreigner who has performed
military service for one year in the armies of
the United States and has received letters of
naturalization is to be protected by the Presi-
dent of the United States when hegoesabroad
into his own former country, and the President
is compelled, if he shall be called to account
in that foreign country and arrested, to seize
citizens of that foreign country who may be
within the limits of the United States, and hold
them in custody. The exercise of sucha power
will be in plain violation of the treaties which
we have made with Prussia and with other
Powers, and those treaties may be followed
(because it seems now to be a system) by
treaties with most, it not all, the other leading
Governments in the world. In what prediea- [
ment then does it place the President of the 1
United States? lie will bj3 commanded by ;
this law to exercise a power and an authority
which will be in plain contempt and in plain
violation of existing treaties which have been
negotiated by him and confirmed by the Sen-
ate, in violation of the public faith?
If there were no other objections than these
two which I have stated, it seems to me that
this third section ought to be voted down ; that
we cannot adopt it without violating our public
duty and without imposing upon the President
of tire United States the performance of a duty
which cannot be confided to Mm under the
Constitution by Congress.
Mr. STEWART. 1 should like to ask the
Senator before he leaves the subject, to whom
would he in any event confide the duty of re-
sisting aggressions of any kind? If the arrest
of one of our citizens by a foreign Government
is an act of aggression is Congress to see that
wrong redressed? Is Congress to do it itself,
or must it do it by the Executive?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Congress by an act may
empower the President to take the necessary
steps.
Mr. STEWART. That is just exactly Tthat
this bill proposes.
Mr. BUCKALEW. No, sir; this bill d'oes
not propose that iu any specific case. This
bill proposes to confer the power of Congress
upon the President. Instead of exercising its
own judgment and discretion in a case of this
kind, it, is to confer that power on the Presi-
dent. That, is the very point.
Mr. STEWART. Suppose Great Britain
should rel'use to receive our mails, would it
not be competent to pass a law saying the
President should refuse to receive theirs?
Suppose Great Britain should ISr'eak off com-
mercial relations, would it not be competent
for Congress to say, "If Great Britain breaks
off commercial relations, the President will
do so on our partand so through the whole
line of such aggressions.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Of course, in such a
case the President would submit to Congress
to decide whether we would go to war or not,
or what other remedy we should adopt.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. The question. Mr. Presi-
dent, is on the amendment of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from California to
move an amendment to the amendment of the
committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I said there was no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. CONNESS. Then let it, be adopted.
'Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts may not have any
objection to it, but other Senators may have.
The question is on the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. - WILLIAMS. I wish to ask if the
adoption of the amendment proposed by the
committee will render the proposed amend-
ment that 1 have submitted out of order,
can I then move to substitute my amendment
for the section as amended?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that it will not preclude the Sena-
tor's amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to inquire whether
the amendment to the amendment is merely
to strike out a part of the matter which is pro-
posed to be stricken out by the committee.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. That is all.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, let the question tie
taken on the committee's amendment. The
amendment of the committee is to strike out
these words :
The President shall be, and hereby is. empowered
to suspend in part, or wholly, commercial relations
with the said Government, or in ease 110 other rem-
edy is available, to order the arrest and to detain in
i custody any subject or citizen of sueh foreign Gov'-
i eminent who maybe found within tlie jurisdiction
• of the United States, and who lias not declared his
i intention to become a citizen of the United Btatc^.
| except embassadors and other public ministers aim
their domestics and domestic servants, and the Presi-
dent shall, without delay, give information to Con-
gress of any proceedings under this aet.
And to substitute instead these words :
It shall be the duty of the President forthwith to
report to Congress all the drcumstantes of any :suetr
arresfc and detention and any proceedings lor tne
release of the citizen so arrested and detained, tnat
Congress may take prompt action to.securc to every
citizen of the United States his just rigrnts.
Mr. STEWART. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
