1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
try needs improving; your roads and bridges j
are out of repair ; your farms are in bad order;
your towns are decaying; your agriculture,
trade, labor system, and manufactures need
reviving; your people are demoralized by the
war; your school system is in a wretched con-
dition ; your social system is deranged ; your
churches are demoralized; your professions
need a stimulus of energy and study ; your
whole social and political state is dilapidated,
weakened, decrepid. Here is a vast field for
your energy, ambition-, philanthropy, Christi-
anity, and love, a life's labor will not suffice
to renovate and restore it. If you must work
in public, work there, and leave the field of pol-
itics to Union men, who have long been silent
when you spoke; who have long paid taxes
when you made the levy ; who filled the ranks
of war when you sounded to arms ; who never
before had a public trust which they might
betray, and who now, though late in life, may
yet illustrate the fact that even the humblest
walks produce men ready for all the emergen-
cies that may arise, and capable of managing
well public affairs as they have done their own
quiet business.
We would say in all kindness the fortunes
of war which you invoked have placed the
power in our hands and the responsibility is
upon us; the present and the vast future look
to us for a safe and wise adjustment of our
troubles, and we must, for the present, look
alone to those who have been in sympathy with
us. When the affairs of the rebel States have
become settled ; when secret organizations
hostile to the Government shall have ceased
to conspire; when the Union man is safe and
his property secure; when the laws are re-
spected and obeyed, and society has goue back
into its natural and peaceful channels, then
will be a proper time to relieve men from the
disabilities incurred by rebellion, and to per-
mit them to share in the control of the State
and nation. Not till then will it be safe or
wise to do so.
I am at a loss to comprehend the position
of Union men who now, with ready hands
since tlie war is over, are willing to bestow on
victor and vanquished alike the honors and
responsibilities of civil rule ; who consent that
the rebel and Union dead should sleep side
by side in a common cemetery, consecrated to
the sacred memories of the sacrifices of the
nation ; who are ready to sing a common re-
quiem over their ashes ; who would welcome
back alike patriots and traitors to the Ilalls of
Congress, and bid them sit down together and
cast lots for the control of the nation as coolly
as did the Roman soldiery for the garments of
their slain Redeemer.
Such transcendental patriotism is too delicate
for actual life. The strong lines drawn by the
plowshare of war are not yet erased. Men
will have memories. Men will have hearts,
pass what laws you will. No enactment you
can make will put the true Union man of the
South on a level with him who was his enemy
during the war. All honor to the brave and
true men who under the fiery trials that swept
like a hurricane over them in the South, yet,
under them all, still maintained their fealty to
the Union. We hail them here to-day as the
sternest and truest types of patriots, tried by the
flames, pure as fine gold. We would welcome
them to seats 111 this Hall as worthy to sit down
beneath the shadow of the eagle and the stars
in the sacred places of Madison and Henry,
Pinkney and Lowndes, Clay and Berrien,
Jackson and Livingston.
To the men engaged in the rebellion we can-
not deny the highest praise for courage and
good conduct, enterprise, activity, andsagacity
in the field worthy a better cause. W hen war
had ended they returned, as did the Union
soldiers, to their former homes; there they are
to-day, the pets of society, the heroes ot many
a gallant exploit, the cherished models of man-
hood for the young. ^
There they are, holding offices, wielding
public opinion, guiding legislative action, con-
trolling the press, swaying the social circle,
grasping the reins of business, and striving now
to enter the Halls of Congress and mold the
legislation of the nation. Here they are to-day
pressing on as they did-under Lee and John-
ston, Bragg and Van Dorn, Hood and Hardee,
to snatch the power they claim as their rightful
heritage. Allow it, as a principle, that they
may may be elected, and year after year they
will be sent up to these Halls knocking for
admission, and boldly claiming it as due to
their people. Allow this principle, and the
war feuds will be kept up at home, hatred of
our institutions fostered; and every returning
election will be the chosen occasion to rekindle
and keep alive the fires ofrebellion byspeeches,
newspapers, social influence, money, and all
the appliances familiar to the electioneering
campaigns in the South. The hostility thus
perpetuated goes down and involves genera-
tions in the struggle.
A wise policy demands that it should be
eradicated, that new men be put forward un-
connected with rebellion, true, loyal, upright,
staunch men, who have no bitter memories to
cherish, no lurking hope for the overthrow of
the Union, no mad affection for alost cause
smoldering in their hearts. Do this and wiser
and better counsels will prevail; and the regen-
erated South will take her position where her
grand historic characters, where Jefferson and
Kutledge, Marshall and Legare, Gaston and
Crawford, dying, left her; and not where
Breckinridge, Beauregard, Toombs, Wigfall,
Cobb, and Davis plunged her. From that
dark, abyss she is now emerging, shaking off
the fetters that have so long bound her, purg-
ing "her misty eyeballs," with the new song
of freedom on her lips, and its proud flag
torn but flying above her, we welcome her
again to her old place beneath the Dome of
the Capitol.
In this great struggle two distinct lines of
policy have been marked out by the friends of
the Union. The one timid, hesitating, half-
hearted, sickly, sentimental, kind, conciliatory,
delaying. _
The other positive, aggressive, downright,
fighting, outspoken, ready to take responsi-
bilities.
The war began, and the former thought sev-
enty-five thousand men enough; that rebellion
was a ninety-days' job; that Kentucky might
remain neutral; that if a large army was mus-
tered the South would no longer fight, but con-
sider herself checkmated by the mere develop-
ment of force ; that nobody ought to be hurt;
that rebel property must not be seized or wasted,
but guarded ; that slavery must not be touched;
that slaves should not be used ; that they should
not fight; that rebels should at the end of the
war be restored atoncetoall their rights; that
all differences between Union men and rebels
should be at once and forever effaced, and all
mementoes of the strife annihilated ; that the
late rebels should be coaxed, petted, and
cajoled into loyalty and patriotism by gifts and
flattery; that when Mr. Johnson had clearly
shown his purposes we should still hang 011 to
his skirts and dawdle with him on the edge of
the gulf of ruin ; that we should hesitate to
impeach him : that we should hesitate to arrest
him when impeached, though he held the
Treasury and the Army. Such has been their
policy, hesitating, halting, stumbling, feeling
along.
The latter, when the first gun sounded, recog-
nized the fact that war existed and meant
fighting; meant destruction; meant enormous
expense; meant abolition of slavery; meant
the crushing of the physical power of our ene-
mies; meant taking their property; meant
expelling them from office ; meant ceasing to
trust them or trade with them; meant disfran-
chising and punishing their leaders; meant
doing, in a word, as we went along, everything
that we could find to do to put them down and
our cause up; meant that vigorous war was the
merciful course; meant, as time rolled on, the
summary breaking with Mr. Johnson upon
siglif of his treachery; meant.putting restoied
power in the hands of our friends South in the
safest shape possible, be it by ballots or bullets,
or both; meant the impeachment of the apos-
tate President, his arrest, the withdrawal of
his clutches from the national Treasury, and
military power; meant a thorough and absolute
establishment in all the rebel States of the
policy, the principles, the vital forces of the
Union party.
Suck is the spectacle exhibited by Union
men on either hand. The one fighting and
feeding; paying compliments to and cajoling
their foes; striking with one hand, guarding
with the other; smiting and giving time to let
the wound heal; by their temporizing, and
vacillating policy protracting the war and mul-
tiplying its expenses.
The other, r.eady to march and strike at all
times, knowing but two sides, friendsand foes,
and knowing well the difference. Pressing
over every obstacle, filling up the armies with
new levies; keeping up supplies; keeping the
people's hearts warm; confident of success;
recognizing God as the ruler and vindicator;
despising the political atheists who foreboded
defeat; anxious when the war was over to see
the loyal, brave, and true put in control North
and South, East and West; unsmitten by the
mawkish sentimentality of universal amnesty,
that political somnambulism which leads the
bewildered dreamer to climb and walk upon
the cliffs and pinnacles of destruction.
If universal amnesty be a sound doctrine,
then tear down your jails, raze the walls of
yourpenitentiaries,chop down thegallows, wipe
out your, penal laws, abolish your criminal
courts, take off your police, and let the age of
chivalry begin. Put men on their honor, and
when they do wrong take no notice of it; let
society, untrammeled by laws, regulate itself.
Why punish offenders for robbing a henroost
or pilfering pocket-money, and let him go free
who has broken the safe of the nation, plun-
dered its arms and stores by the million, and
taken the life of those who have been put in
trust ? Universal amnesty is universal in-
sanity, universal anarchy, universal ruin.
I dread the tendency of these measures of
relief as drawing us to the verge of that gulf.
I may be wrong in this matter ;_ I may seem
to be harsh. I disavow such motives. What
I say 1 say in the cause of mercy, in the name
of humanity, in the interest of peace. Not
the peace of to-day alone, but of the long-
coming future—of that time when the bitter-
ness and heartburnings of to-day shall have
been quenched by the hand of time or of death;
and when the vast future will hold us to
account for the manner in which we this day
legislate.
Then it may be seen that he who was loth to
yield too readily back to hostile hands the
power of the countiy, the administration and
execution of its laws, the shaping of its policy,
was the true and kind friend of both sections,
and that his voice, which may now seem to
grate harshly with the note of remonstrance,
called in vain the attention of his countrymen
to the sorrows and calamities which they were
about to bring upon themselves.
Again, I disclaim all ill-feeling toward these
men. 1 honor such as Holden and Longstreet
for their frank and manly course. Permit me
to say they can better atone in the retirement
and quiet of unofficial position the wrongs they
have done their countrymen. When a calmer
day shall have arisen upon the land, and all the
angry clouds of civil strife have fled from the
heavens, such men may safely be permitted
again to resume their position as citizens; but
while every breeze is laden with troubles, and
the very capital of the nation is shaken by the
earthquakes of an unadjusted rebellion, let
them be silent till those who periled all for
the salvation of the country have restored it to
peace.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield five min-
utes to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
BtlTLER.] , ,
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I have asked
trom the gentleman who has charge of this
bill permission to say a word or two m order
