4330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July '22,
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I desire to occupy
just a minute. My objection to this amend-
ment of the committee is in brief that it does
not direct the President of the United States
to do any thing whatever, no matter what the
case may be, except to report to Congress. If
Congress be not in session he necessarily waits
until Congress shall be in session; and during
that time any number of such offenses may
have occurred, while it is not made his duty to
do anything whatever in the premises.
Mr. SUMNER. My objection to the text
of the bill which it is proposed to strike out is
that it is a proposal of unutterable barbarism,
which if adopted would disgrace this country.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 move to amend the
amendment by inserting in the twentieth line,
after the word " Congress," the words "when-
ever in session."
Mr. SUMNER. Let the question be taken
Oil this amendment as it stands first.
Mr. BUCIvALEW. Very well.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the' amendment of the committee,
011 which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas, HO, nays 7 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Buckalcw, Cattell,
Chandler, Cole, Confcling, Corbott, (Jragin, Davis,
Fessenden, Harlan. Ilatris, Henderson, Howe, Kel-
logg, McDonald, Aloigun, Momil of Vermont, Os-
born, Patterson of New Hampshire, I\i'tet>on of
Tennessee. Puiueiov, Rice, 8umner, Trumbutl, Vim
Winkle, Viekeis, Wdloy, William^, and WiUon—oil
NAYS—Messrs. Conuess, Nye, Sprague, Stewart,
Thaver. Tipton, and Whyte—7.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Cameron,
Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Edmunds, 1'eiry, Fowler,
Frclinghuysen, Grimes, Hendricks, Howard, Me-
Creery, MoiriU of Maine, Morton, Norton, Pool,
Ramsev, Robertson, Ross. Salisbury, Sawyer, Sher-
man, Wado, Welch, and Yates—27.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I now move 
Mr. SUMNER. There is one other amend-
ment of the committee to be acted upon.
Mr. CONNESS. What is it?
Mr. SUMNER. In the preamble.
Mr. CONNESS. That is not in order now.
Mr. SUMNliR. I beg the Senator's par-
don. The first question is on the amendments
of the committee.
Mr. CONNESS. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. CONKL1NG. The preamble is voted
on last.
Mr. SUMNER. I know that; but you first
go through the amendments of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the preamble is not yet in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to strike out the
third section as it lias been amended, and to
substitute for it the following :
That whenever it shall be made known to the Pres-
ident that any citizen of the United States has been
unjustly deprived of his liberty by or under the au-
thority of anv foreign Government, it shall be the
duty of the Presfllent forthwith to demand of that
Government the reasons forsuch imprisonment; and
if it appears to be wrongful and in violation of the
rights of American citizenship, the President shall
forthwith demand the release of such citizen; and if
the release so demanded is unreasonably delayed or
refused, it shall be the duty of the President to use
such means, not amounting to acts of war, as he may
think necessary and proper to obtain or effectuate
such release; and all the facts arid proceedings rela-
tive thereto shall as soon as practicable be commu-
nicated by the President to Congrecs.
I simply wish to say one word upon this
amendment. Every one can see that the sec-
tion as it has been amended by the committee
amounts to nothing. It simply requires the
President, in ease he ascertains a certain fact,
to communicate that fact to Congress. So far
as that, goes toward protecting the rights of
American citizens abroad it amounts to noth-
ing ; for after this communication is made to
Congress, if Congress legislates on the subject,
Congress must necessarily empower the Execu-
tive to do something. Congress is not invested
with any direct powers to examine into the
cases of American citizens imprisoned abroad
and afford the necessary relief. Congress, it
is true, might declare war against the foreign
Government; but that is not, necessary in
ordinaiy cases.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will allow me to
suggest to him the propriety of striking out
the word "unjustly" where it first occurs.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I drew the amendment
in that way in the first place, but some Sen-
ators suggested that I had better insert the
word "unjustly."
Mr. HOWE. No; because that requires
the President to ascertain that it is unjust
before he can inquire what it is about.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I believe it would be as
well as originally drawn.
I have simply expressed my view of the sec-
tion as it stands amended by the committee,
it seems to me wo ought not, to legislate upon
this subject at all, or else we ought to do some-
thing that is of practical value. Evidently
there, is a great feeling in the country on this
question, for both of the political parties have
been very particular to put in their respective
platforms resolutions in reference to this iden-
tical matter ; of course demanding some legis-
lation at the hands of Congress. The amend-
ment which 1 propose is entirely simple, and
requires the President to take some action.
The original bill did not require the Presi-
dent to do anything at all. It empowered him
to do certain things in case he saw proper to
act; but whether he would act or not was en-
tirely left in bis discretion ; and then, when he
does act, under the bill as amended, all that he
is required to do is simply to make a report to
Congress.
This amendment proposes that the President
shall investigate the case of a citizen of the
United States unjustly imprisoned in a foreign
country ; that if it appears to him that the im-
prisonment is wrongful or in violation of the
rights of American citizenship, he shall demand
his release, and if this release is unreasonably
refused, then he is authorized to use such means,
not amounting to acts of war, as in his judg-
ment may be necessary either to obtain or
effectuate the release of this imprisoned citi-
zen. That seems to me to be a plain, straight-
forward provision. It requires action 011 the
part of the Executive. It does not require
any violent or vindictive action, it does not
necessarily put in the hands of the President,
any power to involve the nation in war; but it
simply x-equires the Executive, the proper de-
partment of the Government, to regard the
rights of all citizens, naturalized and native
horn, who may be imprisoned or deprived of
their liberty in foreign countries.
Thisdiscussion has been conducted altogether
with reference to Great Britain, as though that
was the only country upon the face of the
earth; but this law is to apply to all countries
everywhere. No matter where an American
citizen is seized and thrust into prison, this
auiendinetitprovides that the Executive of this
country shall see that he is restored to his
rights. The defect, in our system has been inat-
tention on the part of the American Govern-
ment to the rights of its citizens in foreign
countries; and this amendment that I propose
devolves a duty upon the President. He can-
not remaiu idle when complaints are made to
him, but he is to act, and, if possible, act so
efficiently as to restore the citizen to his liberty.
I do not wish to trespass upon the patience
of the Senate, but simply to explain the amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. The amendment of the
Senator and the remarks that he has made, it
seems to me, go 011 a mistaken hypothesis.
They accept the idea that there has been some
failure on the part of our Government with
reference to citizens abroad.
Mr. WILSON. Is not that true?
Mr. SUMNER. I think it is not true,
and if time would allow now I could go into
the evidence and show that it is not true. I
have the documents here. But we are now
entering upon this question to-night with an
understanding, almost a compact, that there
shall be no debate. I do not wish to break
that compact. But here are documents lying
on my table giving all the facts of record with
regard to every American citizen who has been
taken into custody abroad. Examine that
record, and you wi.lj see how strenuous and
steadfast our Government has been.
Permit mo to say that the argument of the
Senator from Oregon proceeds on a misunder-
standing of the facts. There is no occasion
now for any such legislative prompting to the
Government of the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Why is it, if everything
has been so smooth and so placid upon this
subject, that both of the political parties of this
country have seen proper to put in their plat-
forms resolutions in reference to the rights of
American citizens abroad? What do they
mean ? The Senator may understand that they
have always, everywhere, been religiously pro-
tected ; but the American people do not under-
stand it in that way.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not said that things
were placid or smooth ; but I have said that
our Government had been strenuous and stead-
fast in the maintenance of the rights of Amer-
ican citizens, whether native born or natural-
ized; and the record will show thelruth of
what I say. Whore has there been a failure?
Has it been in Germany? Read the corre-
spondence, running now over several years,
between the United States and the different
Powers of Germany, and see the fidelity with
which the rights of our naturalized citizens
have been maintained there.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to ask the
Senator whether that fidelity that he describes
in regard to the action of the Government
concerning citizens arrested and imprisoned in
Germany led to their release until the recent
treaty was ratified?
Mr. SUMNER. I will answer the Senator:
If the Senator would take the trouble to read
the documents 
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the honorable
Senator will answer without commenting upon
my reading.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will allow me
to answer in my own way. I wish to be as
brief as possible. If the Senator will take the
trouble to read the documents on the table he
will see that among all the numerous applica-
tions made by the United States to the Gov-
ernment of Prussia, the leading Power of
Germany, there is hardly an instance where
this Power did not meet us kindly and gener-
ously. I speak according to the record. I
have been over every one of these cases ; and
I must say, as I read them I felt a new gratifi-
cation in the power of my country, which made
itself felt for the protection of its citizens in
those distant places. A letter went forth from
one of our ministers, and though at that time
this difficult question of expatriation was still
unsettled, out of regard to our country, or out
of regard it might be, sometimes, to the per-
sonal character of our minister, the claim was
at once abandoned. You can hardly find an
instance 
Mr. CONNESS rose.
_ Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator let me
finish my sentence?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly,
Mr. SUMNER. You can hardly find an
instance in that voluminous correspondence
where the claim has been persisted in ou the part
of the Prussian Government.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, will the Senator
permit me?
Mr. SUMNER. I have the floor now, and
do not mean to keep it long.
Ihe PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Senator
trorn Massachusetts cannot be interrupted
without his consent.
Mr. SUMNER. But what I was speaking
of was the conduct of our own Government,
i hat was the proposition with which I began.
