1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8307
to these wise rules of the public law which I
cite, and according to our own laws against
treason. Our soldiers who come back to us
with scars demand to know this. The families
of those who came not back from the wars
demand to know. By written reports we ought
to know why the authors of the rebellion ought
now to be enabled to become our rulers. Not
one word of written report enables us to know.
That is the first reason why I cannot vote for
the bill, because I cannot vote intelligently.
Another is that I find at least one of the
contrivers of secession and rebellion, one of
the men on whose soul is perhaps more of the
blood of our fellow-men than upon any other
man's soul, except, perhaps, Jefferson Davis
himself. I refer to the name of General
Longstreet. If there be another man so guilty
as he it is the man Stonewall Jackson, who has
gone to the bar of God, and asks no amnesties
here. Why are we to enable him to now rule
in the Republic? No word of reply is given
us by any report, and yet my friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] gets up here and
makes an apology for him which could be
made by any other caught or conquered crim-
inal, to wit, that after he has been conquered,
overthrown by the forces of war, he has become
sorry for his crime. Nothing more.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS. I demand the yeas and
nays on agreeing to the conference report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 79, nays 55, not voting 55; as follows:
JBAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos It. Ashloy,
Bailey, Baker, Beaman, iieatty, Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Buckland, Butier. Cake,
Churchill, Cook, Cornell, Dawes, Delano, Driggs,
Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Gar-
field, Gravely, Griswold, Halsey. Harding, Hill, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Judd, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Koontz, Georgo V. Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge,
Marvin, MoCarthy, Mercur, Moore, Moorhead, Mor-
reil. Myers, Newcomb, OMS'eid, Paino, Peters, Pile,
Plants, Poland. Polsley, Pomeroy. Raum, Robert-
son. Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Smith, Spalding,
Stewart,Stokes,Taylor,Trowbridge.Upson, Cadwal-
ader C.Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Jain es F. Wilson, John T.Wil-
son, Windom, Woodbridge, and the Speaker—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Archer, Baldwin, Beck,
Brooks, Broomall, Cary, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Co-
burn, Covode, Culiorn, Eckley, Eggleston, Eldridge,
Getz, Glossbrenner, Goltaday, Haight. Hawkins,
Higby, Ilolman, Hotchkiss, Ilumphrey, Johnson,
Jones, Julian, Knott, Loan, Mallory. McClurg, Me-
Cullough, Miller, Mullins, Niblack, Nicholson, Orth,
Phelps, Pike, Price, Pruyn, Bobinson, Shellab&rger,
Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens. Taber, 'i'affe, Jolin
Trimble, Van Aernam, Van Trump, Van Wyck,
Ward, Thomas Williams, William Williams, and
Woodward—55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, James
M. Ashley, Axtcli, Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Bout-
well, Boyer, Bromwell, Burr, Chanler, Reader W.
Clarke, Dixon, Bodge, Donnelly, Finney, Fox, Gro-
ver, Hooper, Hopkins, Asatiel W. Hubbard, Richard
D. Ilubbard, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Kelley,
Ken-. Kitchen, Laflin, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, McCormick. Morrissey,
Munsen, Nunn, Perkam, Randall. Ross, Selye,
Shanks, Sitgreavcs, Thaddeus Stevens. Stone,
Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Twieiiell, Van Au-
ken, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu
B. Washburne, Stephen F. Wilson,and Wood—55.
The SPEAKER. As the bill in its terms
requires that two thirds of each House shall
concur in its passage, the report of the com-
mittee of conference is rejected.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, I move
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
rejected ; and if it is in order I will move to
postpone action on that motion.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote
in the negative ?
Mr. BROOMALL. I did for the purpose
of moving to reconsider the vote.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is the motion to
reconsider debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say a
word.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Bboomall] is entitled to
the lloor.
Mr. BROOMALL. I yield to thegentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] ten minutes.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, it has
already been stated to the House over and over
again that unless this bill or a like bill passes
neither of the States of North Carolina and
Georgia can reorganize under the constitutions
which they have made. This bill embraces
the men who are elected to office under those
constitutions. If gentlemen are disposed to
create at the South a black man's party as
against a white man's party, then they will
adhere to their votes against relieving white
men of disabilities. If we are to apply an iron
rule here that no man shall be relieved of dis-
abilities who is under disabilities, that nobody
shall have his disability removed except those
who have none to remove, there is an end of
the subject, and you have in the South a white
man's party against a black man's party. It
comes to that and nothing else, and when you
come to that the black man's party goes down.
When intelligence is arrayed against ignorance,
when experience is arrayed against inexperi-
ence, when the politicians are arrayed against
these ignorant, inexperienced men whoare not
politicians, who are naturally timid, and have
been rendered more so by their past experience
in slavery, it certainly does not require any
logic to convince men that the black man's
party goes to the wall; there is an end of all
reconstruction in these States ; there is an end
of all constitutional government there, arid we
must perpetuate the government of the bayo-
net. If gentlemen are prepared to come to
that, if they are disposed to saddle the expense
upon the Government of an attempt to per-
petuate the government of that vast people by
the bayonet alone, then let them refuse to
relieve from disabilities any of these men. If
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. SheiJjABAii-
qek,J who last addressed the House and spoke
of General Longstreet, is right, and no man is
to be permitted to repent, no man who fought
us is to be permitted to lay down his arms and
assist us in restoring peace and creating order
out of the turmoil and disorder which reign
there, what encouragement, I ask, is there for
any of these men to help us ?
Some gentlemen seem disposed rather to
prefer those milk-and-water, Janus faced men
who stuck to the Union until their States went
out and held off a little while after, and then
went into the rebellion with all their hearts,
and all their might, and all their minds, and
who stick to the rebellion yet, rather than the
men who gave up "the lost cause" when it
was lost, and are now striving in good faith to
help us.
Now, if this idea is to prevail, there is an
end to all amnesty, and that provision in the
constitutional amendment which provides that
we may relieve these men from disabilities is a
dead letter, and it might as well never have
been passed.
Mr. LOAN. Will thegentleman allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOAN. I desire to know what evidence
these rebels have furnished here and placed on
record that they do repent, and intend to act
with fidelity to the Union party or to the
country?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. All of them.
Mr. LOAN. I say what evidence have they
furnished here?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understood the
gentleman to ask how many of them had fur-
nished evidence ?
Mr. LOAN. No, sir; what evidence have
they placed on record here ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, Mr. Speaker,
it has been stated over and over again to the
House, both by myself and by other gentlemen,
what the evidence has been. It has been in
their own communications, and in the com-
munications of loyal men. It has been in the
evidence of the members of Congress, Govern-
ors and various other officers elected in these
States who have come before the Committee
on Reconstruction and given their testimony.
• Mr. LOAN. Why not place it before the
House, so that we may know what it is before
we vote?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, if we should
place that evidence before the House the gen-
tleman from Missouri would never read it.
Mr. LOAN. Indeed I would if I could get it.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. He would not have
time to read one quarter of it. Besides that,
I suppose the committee was appointed to take
the evidence and examine and weigh it, and
that the information they report to the House
as the result of that examination is entitled to
some little respect. We have stated, and if
the gentleman does not believe us he would
not believe though one should rise froni the
dead, that in all these cases we have acted on
the evidence of loyal men. The gentleman
will not take that evidence. If he will not. he
need not; and he may continue to vote against
it until he is gray, as I suppose he will. If he
will not take the evidence in a case which has
been stated over and over again to the House,
he is fixed in his opinions. And if a man is
judicially blind, I believe there is no salve
which will open his eyes.
I have already stated that a very large num-
ber of the names in this bill are those of men
elected to office by loyal men. This bill as it
passed the House originally related to North
Carolina, and was intended to relieve from dis-
ability those who had been elected to office in that
State. The Senate, equally particular in their
discrimination, added other names to the list.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment at this point?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
■Mr. WELKER. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman whether it is not a fact that the con-
stitutional conventions of Georgia and South
Carolina made a thorough investigation of the
character of these gentlemen, and unanimously
recommended that their disabilities be removed;
and also that in pursuance of that recommend-
ation a great number of these gentlemen have
been nominated upon their State tickets and
elected by the legal voters of the States?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is true. And
not only that, but we have omitted a great many
names of those so recommended, about whom
we are not satisfied by other evidence besides
that supplied by the conventions.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to ask a question,
and in connection with that question to make
a suggestion, which, if I am right, I think will
have some weight with this House. If I
understand it aright—and if I am not correct
the gentleman will correct me—in regard to
several of these States, the passage of this bill
is absolutely essential to the establishment of
reconstructed governments; and the defeat of
this bill will be to say virtually that recon-
struction, as provided by Congress, shall be
broken down, shall not succeed; that these
States shall be remanded to the anarchy out of
which we have for three years been trying to
rescue them. And I would ask the gentleman
if, in view of all the circumstances, it is not
best to have this bill set down for a rehearing
a few days later than this time, when the mem-
bers of this House will understand more fully
the importance of the measure they are ca<lled
to act upon ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In reply to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] I have
but to reiterate what I have already said ; it is
true these States cannot be reorganized with-
out the passage of this bill.
Mr. BROOMALL. I must resume the floor.
Mr. HARDING. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. BROOMALL. Not now.
Mr. HARDING. For a few moments.
Mr. BROOMALL. Not just at present. I
desire to say at this time only that I believe
this bill is not understood by the House, and I
| think a delay of a day or two will satisfy three
j fourths of the members of this House that it
j ought to pass. I therefore move that the fur-
! ther consideration of this subject be postponed
1 until Tuesday next, after the corning hour;
