1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
433!
I said that it needed no quickening such as the
Senator iron) Oregon proposes to apply. There
is no evidence that our Government has not
been persisteut and earnest for the protection
of its citizens abroad, whether native born or
naturalized, and I alluded to Prussia only by
way of illustration. Pass that by. We have
then the greater case and more complex of
England. But I would rather not enter upon
that. Here are the documents on my table,
the passages all marked, which would illustrate
the conduct of the British Government and the
British tribunals toward every one of these
persons whose names have been brought in
question. I do not wish to go into that, although
all the mateiials are at hand. I am speaking
iiow of the conduct of our own Government
rather than of the conduct of any other Gov-
ernment. Mark, sir, my reply to the Senator
from Oregon was that our Government did not
need any additional power or any additional
impulse to activity in this behalf. Our Gov-
ernment has already t,he power to do everything
that can be sanctioned by the law of nations,
and it ought not to do anything else.
This brings me to the precise proposition of
the Senator from Oregon. He proposes to
empower the President in the event of any
American citizen being unlawfully detained '' to
use such means not amounting to acts of war,
as he m'ay think necessary and proper." The
old law writers say that in these general terms
there lurketh much trouble. Why use these
general terms that of themselves require defini-
tion? What is the meaning of this language,
" To use such means not amounting to acts of
war?'' The President cannot use acts of war,
but he may use any means not amounting to
acts of war. Pray, sir, where is the dividing
line? Already in this debate the Senator from
California has told us that reprisals were not
acts of war, but acts of peace, and he proposes
to invest tin President with this hateful power.
Does it notfollow, then, from the very argument
to which we have listened 011 this floor that
under the proposition of the Senator from Ore-
gon the President may have this barbarous
power of reprisals which the Senate has now
distinctly refused to confer, and that under
these general terms, "not amounting to acts
of war," he may undertake t.o hurl that dis-
graceful bolt? I enlreat my friend from Ore-
gon not to attempt to carry our country into
any such dangerous position—dangerous for its
character, for its honor, for its good name.
There is a proposition that I shall be willing
to accept, for I see no danger in it, and I also
see efficiency under the law of nations, and I
believe that whatever we do in harmony with
the law of nations will be done strongly, power-
fully, effectively ; but the moment you depart
from the guidance of the law of nations while
you think yourself powerful you make yourself
weak.
I would propose to strike out these perilous
words : '"to use such means, not amounting to
acts of war. as he may think necessary and
proper to obtain or effectuate such release,
and all the facts," &c., and to insert simply.
" That it shall be the duty of the President to
suspend diplomatic relations with such foreign
Power."
M r. ANTHONY. Shall it be his duty abso-
lutely?
Mr. SUMNER. The clause as it stands is :
The President shall forthwith demand the release
of such citizen, and if the release so demanded be
unreasonably delayed or refused it shall be the duty
of the President, &c.
Then I propose to say:
To suspend diplomatic relations with such foreign
Power.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He has that power
now.
Mr. SUMNER. Unquestionably he has that
power now. I will prepare the amendment
that I suggest.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President-—-
Mr. SUMNER. I shall be done in one mo-
ment if the Senator please.
Mr. CONNESS. The amendment will not
be in order when written. I hope the Senator
will finish his remarks, and allow other Sena-
tors to take the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to strike out all
after the word " President," and to insert " to
suspend diplomatic relations with such foreign
Power, and as soon as practicable to commu-
nicate the facts to Congress."
I will say, Mr. President, that, with the
adoption of that amendment, the proposition
of the Senator from Oregon would be less
objectionable than it is now. I think it entirely
unnecessary. The occasion does not require
it. The bill does not need it. Nor would I
urge my own amendment, except as a substi-
tute. It is an improvement on the proposition
of the Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I rise
simply for the purpose of trying to answer the
question put by the honorable Senator from
Oregon, which the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations did not answer,
and that was why it happened, if our Govern-
ment had done its duty in this regard, that there
is so much of an agreement that something
should be done about it among both political
parties. I will state my idea of it. There has
been a very considerable excitement among
the Irish portion of our population on account
of the Fenian troubles. A great many went
over there with a design undoubtedly to stir
up trouble in Ireland, and the consequence was
that many of them were arrested; and prob-
ably some were arrested who had done no harm
and who ought not to have been arrested. But
the whole thing created an excitement in this
country, especially among th-it part of our
population, and they called for redress of what
they supposed to be the grievances of that por-
tion of the American people coining from that
country who had been naturalized.
Again, the Germans were under a very con-
siderable excitement on account of the claim
of military service in different parts of Ger-
many. They thought that having become citi-
zens of this country when they went back there
they were free from all claim of the country
which they had left for military or other ser-
vices ; but the country to which they returned
did not think so, and some were impressed into
the military service. Consequentlyan excite-
ment was raised among that portion of our
population which came from Germany.
While this excitement was going on, the
position of both political parties was substan-
tially this: the Republican party was very
much afraid it would lose the German votes if
it did not do something, and the Democratic
party thought they would gain those votes if
thev did something; the Democratic party
thought they would lose the Irish votes if they
did not do something, and the Republican
party hoped to get them if they did something.
1 take it that is the correct answer to the ques-
tion.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, but for
one simple fact, and facts are very stubborn
things, the exposition of the Senator from
Maine might stand very well ; and that is, that
the treaty with Prussia had been made and
ratified 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not until after the
excitement.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir; before the con-
vention acted. The Senator replies, not until
after the excitement was over. I do not know
how he fixes dates, or when the excitement is
over, or when it is not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Itwas before the excite-
ment arose. I said.
Mr. CONNESS. Before the excitement
arose. Now, Mr. President, it is very well to
denominate this opinion as excitement. It
does not concern us so much, because there is
no danger of our being; arrested; but it did
concern some of the citizens of my State who
were imprisoned in Prussia until we confirmed
that treaty, a fact not stated by the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations. My
colleague on this floor had in his hand a letter
received from Mr. Bancroft, saying "confirm
the treaty if you want these men out of prison."
Mr. SUMNER. It was in Bavaria, the Sen-
ator will allow me to say.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator
refused to allow me to correct him when he
had the floor. He is very quick to intrude his
correct-ion upon othersand he would be very
quick to demand the interference of all the
powers of this Government in behalf of an
arrested American citizen if he were black.
But, sir, those arrested happen to be of another
color, not a color which appeals to his sympa-
thies, but a color that allows him to belittle
their arrest and incarceration ; that enables
him to say here in the Senate that our Govern-
ment have done everything that they could do;
all that was necessary. It is true in his judg-
ment, I have no doubt; for if you only write
letters, if you only publish and utter produc-
tions of the brain, if you only present views,
the honorable Senator is satisfied. Those are
his means, except when the progress through
the thoroughfares of the city or the country of
an American citizen of African descent is in-
volved. Then views are at once thrown to the
dogs, and he demands the interference of the
Government, the police authority; if it be a
railroad company, repeal their acts of incor-
poration. No matter how much capital stands
in the way, it may be $10,000,000 that is
affected, repeal their acts at once! How dare
they impiously set up their tyranny over one
human being who is stamped with American
citizenship?
Now, sir, I do not ask for all this on his
part in behalf of American citizens of another
class ; but considering all that my friend has
said from time to time of abolishing and aban-
doning all distinctions because of raoeor color
I think he ought to be willing to come up to
his own platform.
Mr. SUMNER. I am.
Mr. CONNESS. I think it ought to be con-
ceded at this hour of the day that a white man is
pretty nearly as good as a black man. behaving
himself; and we are not asking the interpo-
sition of the Government in favor of those who
did not behave themselves.
But I spoke of those citizens of the State
of California, citizens of the United States,
who werearrested and imprisoned in Germany.
He tells me it is Bavaria. No, sir ; the letter
that I referred to was while the treaty with
Prussia was pending, and if Mr. Bancroft was
mistaken in his facts it is not my fault.
But, Mr. President, the question before the
Senate now is exactly as stated bv the Senator
from Oregon. The law as proposed to be
passed under the direction of the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions amounts to nothing.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to correct the Sen-
ator. It amounts to a good deal. It takes
from the President the power which he now
has.
Mr. CONNESS. Very, well, sir ; it.amounts
to this: it is an insult to every naturalized
American citizen ; it is an offense. My friend
from Oregon proposes an amendment which
would make it the duty of the Executive to
take all civil means, and the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations proposes now
to emasculate that by reducing it to a mere
suspension of diplomatic relations. Why, sir,
it includes that. Are we to have none of the
efforts of the Government, in behalf of our cit-
izens unjustly arrested and imprisoned abroad ?
I hope, without detaining the Senate any
longer, that we shall not add to our too great
delay upon these questions the offense and in-
sult that the passage of this act would be as
proposed by the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I hesitate very much to
say another word, and yet I think the Senate
will pardon me if 1 make a brief reply to the
: charge so absolutely unjust of the Senator
from California. He throws upon me th«
reproach of indifference to foreigners, bir. i
deny the imputation, andchallenge
son on this head with any Senator on his floor.
Sir, you do not forget that more than ten year.,
ago there was
storm that passed over this
