4332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2%
country which had a name more familiar than
polite; the storm of Know Nothingism. It was
every where, and enveloped my own State. At
that, t.ime I had the honor of holding the posi-
tion which I now hold. Did 1 yield to this
Storm when it was carrying all before it? Sir,
at. that time I went down to Paneuil Hall, and
in the presence of one of the largest audiences
ever there assembled, and knowing well the
prevailing sentiment, I made a speech vindi-
cating the rights of emigrants to our country.
1 have that speech here now, and I will read
a few sentences from it. This was on the 2d
of November, 1855. Pardon me for reading
this record of other days; but I am justified
by the attacks to which I have been exposed.
If any foreign-born citizen is disposed to
heirken to the Senator from California im-
peaching me i ask him to bear in mind how
I stood for his rights at another time, when
there were fewer ready to stand for them than
now. i read now from this forgotten speech,
as reported at the time:
"The history of our country, in its humblest as
well as most exalted spheres testifies to the merits
ot foreigners. Their strong arms have helped fur-
row our broad teiritory with c.t >als. and strctcli in
every direction the iron rail. They h >vo lilted our
woikshops, na.\igated our ships, and oven tilled our
fields. Go where you will, among the hardy sons of
toil on land or sea, and there you will find industri-
ousand fai'hful foreigners bending their niuselesto
the work. At the b. r ;md in the high places of com-
merce you will find them. Enter the retreats of
learning, and there youwill find tbeni, too, shedding
upon our country the gloi y of .science. Nor can any
reflection be cast upon foreigners. claiming hospi-
ta ity now, which will not glancei t ouoc upon the
distinguished living and the illustrious dead—upon
the Irish Montgoinety, who perished 'or us at the
gates of Quebec; upon Pulaski,the Pole, who per-
ished lor us at S ivannah; upon Tie Kilb and Steu-
ben, the generous Germans who aided oar weak-
ncssby their milicary expei lenee: upon Pau! .Tones,
the Scotchman, who lent his unsurpassed c"uiagc to
the infant thunders of our Navy; also upon those
great European liberators, Kosciusko, of Poland,
and La .Fayette, of France, each of whom paid his
earliest vows to liberty in our cause. Nor should
this list be confined to military characters so long
?s we gratefully eheiish tho name of Alexander
II "uilton. who was born in the West Indies, and tho
name of Albei t Gallatin, who was boin in Switxer
land, and never, to the close of his octogenarian
career, lost the French accent of his boyhood—both
of whom rendered civic services which may becorn-
memor.ited among tho victories of peace.
" Nor is the experience of our Republic peculiar.
Wheie is the country or Power waich must, not in-
sci ibe the names of lorenrnei s on its historic set oil?
It was (Juris tonber o him bus, ot Geitoa, who disclosed
to Spain the New Woild; it was Magellan, ot Por-
tugal,sauingm ttieserviceof Spain, who firstpiessed
wit h ad venturous keel through those distant sou til cm
stratlswhieh now bear hisname.andopenedthoway
to the vast Pacific sea ; and it was Cabot, the Vene-
tian, w'ao fust conducted English enterprise to this
North American continent. As in the triumph of
di^covey, so, al.-o, in other fields have foreigners
exeelhd, while seiving States to which they were
bound byno tioot birth. The Dutch Giotius, author
ot the sub.imo work, ' The Laws of Peace and War,"
an exile from his own country, became the em-
bassador of Sweden ; and in our own day, tholtali an
Pozzo di Borfto, turning his back upon his owti coun-
try, has reached tfie tnoet exalted diplomatic trusts
in the jetUous service of Ru-<ia. In tho list of mon-
arehs on the throno of England, not, one has been
more truly English than theDutch William. In Hol-
land, no ruler has equaled in renown the German
William, Prince of Oiange. In Russia, thcGerman
Catharine II fakes a place n.mone the most com-
manding sovereigns. And who of theSwedish mon-
arclis was a better Swede than Bernadotte, the
IYenehm~.il; and wh't Frenchman was ever lilled
with aspirations for F mice more than the Italian
Napoleon IjonaparteY "
Such was my argument for the rights of for-
eign-born citizens. To all of them I offered
such welcome as I could:
" There are our broad lands, stretching toward the
setting sun; let them cotno and take them. Our-
selves the children of the, pilgrims of a former gen-
eration, let us not turn from the pilgrims of tho
piesent. Let *.l,e home founded by our emigrant
fathers continue open in its many mansions to the
emigrants of to-day."
Sir, those were the words which I uttered in
Faneuil Hall at a time'wheu the opposition to
foreigners was sweepmg over the whole coun-
try. Others yielded to that tempest, but 1 did
not yield. All my votes in this Chamber, from
the first day that I entered it,down to this time,
have been in the same direction and fur that wel-
come which ! announced. Never have I missed
an occasion to vote for their protection. Never
shall 1 miss any such occasion. I am at this mo-
ment anxious that all the pending negotiations
should proceed prosperously, to the end that
the rights of our naturalized citizens may find
adeqttale safeguard every where. Too studious
of the law of nations, perhaps, to be willing to
treat it, with distrust, or neglect, I look to that
prevailing agency rather than to the more lim-
ited instrumentality of municipal law. It is
the province of municipal law to determine
rights at home; how a foreign-born person may
be naturalized in our country; how ho maybe
admitted to all the transcendent privileges of
American citizenship: but it belongs to another
system of law to determine what shall be his
privileges should he return again to the coun-
try which gave him birth. We may by our
declarations, by our diplomacy, by our policy,
ay, sir, much more, by our treaties, fix all
ihose rights in adamant. But the Senator seems
to have no higher idea than to write these rights
in the fleeting passions of party. My vote
will never be wanting to elevate them above
all such fitful condition, and to place them
under the safeguard of international law, the
only law which can bind two different Powers.
Sir, the Senator from California shall not go
before me ; he shall not be more swift than 1;
I will not allow him to take one single step in
advance of me. Be the person Irish or Ger-
man or Chinese he shall have from me the
same equal protection. Can tho Senator say
as much?
Mr. CONNESS. .Tust a word, sir. I did
not doubt that the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts could find a dissertation of his
own on this subject. 1 do not, know any sub-
ject upon which he might not conveiiienlly
find it; and 1 am not at all surprised that he
found it by reaching his arm out from where
he sits. But mark you, Mr. President, it is
precisely as [ stated it when 1 hail the honor to
address this body a few days since on this sub-
ject. A man cries out for food, and he offered
him a stone ; a man cries for raiment, and he
offered hitn rags—words.
The honorable Senator was in favor of the
rights of foreigners in this country. I never
described the honorable Senator as a tyrant;
1 never described him as an illiberal man ; but
in iriy humble judgment, without desiring to
condcmn him, when American matters are
brought into contact and into trial with foreign
Powers he is not the man that I would select
in that combat on that occasion. He is too apt
then to give way and to let, as is the case to-
day, our citizens wail and lament in prison,
ile cannot blot out these facts. 'I hey do exist,
and they are as I have stated them. I would
continue and say a few more words, but I am
urged by every consideration not to proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. ! desire to ask a ques-
tion of tho chairman of the committee before
I vote on the amendment. I desire to know
whether, in his opinion, this bill would not
stand much betterwith thethirdsection omitted.'
Mr. SUMNER. I think it would.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 desire to call atten-
tion to the character of that section as it now
stands. It provides that in case a native or
naturalized citizen of the United States is
unlawfully held in a foreign country the Presi-
dent shall make demand for his release or for
his relief; that if that release or relief shall be
refused the President shall communicate the
fact forthwith to Congress, in order that Con-
gress may take such action as it chooses. That
is the whole of this section. Now, what does
that mean? Jt means that the President under
this law is to do nothing, where an American
citizen is unlawfully arrested or improperly
held in a foreign country, except to a>k for
his discharge and release; and if it is refused,
that he shall stand silently by until a session
of Congress convenes, and then he shall send
the documents to us ; and I suppose we are to
refer them to a committee, and after the lapse
of some months, possibly, if the pressure of
other business peimits it, we shall take the
matter up and give it due consideration ; and
then after Congress has laid clown a rule of
action for the Executive, the President is to
procecd to do something or other further in
the ease.
I submit that that is mere child's play; that
it is something worse ; that the inevitable in-
ference to be drawn from this section is that
the President in one of these cases shall do
nothing more than this law prescribes. In my
judgment you had best leave him to the full
and complete exercise of his executive author-
ity under the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States. For my part, therefore, whenever
it is in order, I shall move to strike out this
third section and add to the end of the second
(because the bill will then simply be a declar-
atory statute, declaring our principle) what I
suppose will be sufficient to accomplish our
purpose. At the end of that section, after
declaring that all citizens, whether native or
naturalized, shall be entitled to equal rights
and equal protection from the Government, I
would add these words :
Audit shall be the duty of the President of the
United States to exert all his-constitutional powers
under the Cous.itution and laws for their protection
and relief, and to report promptly to Congress, from
time to tirno, all cases where justice or relief shall be
rolused to such citizen by tue Government of any
foreign country.
That will leave his whole constitutional power
untouched, and it will simply be an admoni-
tion to him to act with energy to the full extent
of his powers and report.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That only applies to nat-
uralized citizens.
Mr. BIJCKALEW, Both.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator be good
enough to read his substitute again?
Mr. BUCKALEW. "And it shall be the
duty of the President''  
Mr. SUMNER. You propose to strike out
the whole section ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I propose to strike out
the thiid section, and add these words at the
end of the second.
Mr. SUMMER. Very well; now let me
hear them.
Mr. BUCKALEW. "And it shall be the
duty of the President of the United States tb
exert, all his constitutional powers for their
protection and relief, and to report promptly
to Congress from lime to time all cases where
justice or relief shall be refused to such citi-
zen by the Government of any foreign country."
Mr. SUMNER. That is wotth all the third
section many times over.
Mr. CONKLING. Is the second section
confined to adopted citizens, or does it extend
to all ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. The second section is
as follows:
That all naturalized citizens of the United States,
while in loi oigu Scales, shall be entitled to, and shall
receive from this Government, tuc same protee ion
of persons and property that is accorded to native-
born citizens itiHke situation and circumstances.
I will modify my amendment so as to apply
to both.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes; make it so as to
apply to both, and it will be all right.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 believe I cannot, move
to strike out, the third section, as there is an
amendment, to an amendment pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. J he Sen-
ator from Oregon moves an amendment, and
to that the Senator from Massachusetts pro-
poses an amendment, which is first in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wi-h simplv to sav that
tilts proposed amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, of course, is very acceptable to
the chairman of the committee, because it is
circumlocution and attains nothing in point of
fact. Now, sir. I do not see, if we mean any-
thing by this legislation, why we cannot pro-
vide that it shall be the duty of the President
to take some specific action in case an Ameri-
can citizen is wrongfully imprisoned in a for-
eign country. If we are not willing to make
any such provision as that, then, of course,
we are not^ willing to assume the iespon«i0iliiy
of protecting American citizens abroad. It
seems as though we were frightened at- some-
thing ; we are afraid of someBody, There
