1260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
information touching the details of this partic-
ular bill us I have; and I suggest "to the Sena-
tor having it in charge whether there be objec-
tion to allowing it to be printed as it stands
now and to he oyer until some day to be
fixed to-morrow, if the Senator insists upon
it, or some other day soon—when, if not for
the purpose of debate, at least for the purpose
ot voting, we may understand better than we
can now what it is. As I said before, I do not
wish to interpose absolutely any objection, but
i make the suggestion to the Senator.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senate has
taken all usual care to inform itself on this
subject. In the first place, this bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road and reported back unanimously with a
recommendation that the bill pass. Then, on
the suggestion of a Senator who had not ex-
amined the bill, it was recommitted to another
committee, the 'Committee on Public Lands,
and they have examined it thoroughly and re-
ported it back with some amendments which
the Senate has concurred in. It seems to me
it is hardly treating the people of Iowa fairly
to postpone this bill further unless the Sen-
ator desires personally to inform himself on
the subject.
Mr. CONKLING-. The honorable Senator
does not remember that the bill was reported
back by an absent Senator; that in his absence
it has been so far amended as to be very ma-
terially changed, changed so far that negative
votes have been cast on .those amendments by
Senators who supported the bill as it was re-
ported. It seems to me that the Senator who
reported the bill should be here; ho is tempo-
rarily absent, detained by a passing indisposi-
tion. It seems to me, also, that having under-
gone the changes that it has now by the amend-
ments upon which we have voted, several of
which have not been printed, and only pass-
ingly explained, we do not derive much ad-
vantage from the previous references of the
bill as it then stood; and I should be very
glad now to have it lie over.
Mr. HARLAN. There would be much in
what the Senator says if the bill had emanated
from the absent Senator; but he acted merely
as the organ of a standing committee of this
body, whose chairman is here on the floor of
the Senate, and I believe nearly all the other
members of that committee are here; so that
the views of the committee are represented on
the floor, and, as I stated a few minutes since,
there is a reason for reasonably prompt ac-
tion. This is extending the time during which
the State of Iowa may complete the construc-
tion of a railroad of which they have already
completed the construction of one hundred
and forty or one hundred and fifty miles. The
Legislature are now in session, and approach-
ing the close of the session, and it is desirable
that they should have an opportunity to act
previous to their adjournment. If the circum-
stances were different I would not objeet to a
compliance with the suggestion of the Sena-
tor; but under present circumstances I should
prefer very much that a vote should be taken.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The amendments were ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed.
order or business.
Mr. "WILSON. I ask the Senate to take up
and dispose of now a little bill only eight lines
in length. It is a bill (H. R. No. 201) declar-
atory of the law in regard to officers cashiered
or dismissed from the Army by the sentence
of a general court-martial.
The PRES1 DENT jpro tempore. The Chair
must call attention to the unfinished business.
Mr. WILSON. I move to postpone that
for a few minutes in order to pass this bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think we had better
go on and finish the case under discussion. I
object to the postponement.
Mr. WILSON. The only chance we liavp
to get any business done is at this time before
the speaking commences, and I should like to
have an opportunity to dispose of this bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Governor Thomas's
case ought to be decided, and as the business
regularly before the Senate it has priority, and
it is a peculiar class of business and ought to
be disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I under-
stand the motion pending is to postpone the
order of the day for the purpose of taking up
the bill mentioned by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr.^ WILSON. I move to postpone it for
ten minutes for that purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 should like to know
what bill is to be taken up ; whether it is a hill
of any national importance?
Mr. WILSON. Itis entitled "Abill declar-
atory of die law in regard to officers cashiered
or dismissed from the Army by the sentence
of a general court-martial." I have been
waiting day after day for four weeks for an
opportunity to call up this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I am in the same situa-
tion in regard to other bills. '
Mr. WILSON. I should like to put it on
its passage'now.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes nine,
noes not counted.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieusox, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 719) for
the surrender of persons convicted of certain
crimes, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (II. R. No. 610) to facilitate the collection
of the direct tax in the Stateof Delaware ; and
the enrolled joint resolution (II. R. No. 203)
for reducing the expenses of the War Depart-
ment, and for other purposes; and they were
signed by the President pro tempore.
senator from maryland.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. John-
son on the 18th of December, 1807 :
licsolver!, That Hon. Philip F. Thomas, Senator-
elect from Maryland, bo admitted to lus scat on his
taking tho oaths proscribed by Iho Constitution and
laws of the United States.
The pending question being on tho amend-
ment of Mr. Sumner, to strike out all after the
word " resolved" and insert:
That Philip F. Thomas, Senator-elect from Mary-
land, cannotbo permitted to take the oaths of office
required by the Constitution and Ia.ws, inasmuch as
lie allowed his minor son to leave the paternal house
and serve as a rebel soldier, and gave him at the
time $100 in money, all of which was aid, counte-
nance, or encouragement to tho rebellion, which he
was forbidden to give; and further, inasmuch as in
forbearing to disclose and make lenown tho treason
of his son to tlie President or other proper authori-
ties, according to the requirement of the statute in
such cases, ho was guilty of misprision of treason as
defined by existing law.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, yesterday
the honorable Senator from Illinois, the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr.
Trumbull,] exclaimed to us who aie opposed
to the admission of Mr. Thomas in a tone of
accusation and admonition, "Adhere to the
evidence ; do not pervert the evidence in the
case;" plainly intimating, in not very delicate
terms, I must be allowed to say, that the oppo-
nents of Mr. Thomas's admission hero were
seeking to pervert the evidence in his case to
his prejudice and to the prejudice of the law
of the land- I hope I shall not furnish any
just foundation for the accusation. I hope T
have not done so; and: I am not aware, although
I have listened very attentively to this discus-
sion from the beginning, that any other gentle-
man who opposes that admission has perverted
or sought to pervert the evidence in regard to
Mr. Tnomas, orj.hat they have advanced any-
thing as proof in this case which is false arid
to his prejudice. Sir, I deny that there is any
just foundation to this accusation of the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
I do not intend to occupy the attention of
the Senate for any considerable length of time;
but I do propose to present a few additional
considerations—another brief analysis of the
testimony—in order that the Senate and the
public may know and well understand who it
is here who seeks to pervert the testimony or
to suppress the truth in regard to the appli-
cant.
The honorable Senator from Illinois will
have it that the only motive of Mr. Thomas for
resigning his position as Secretary of the Treas-
ury on the 11th of January, 1861, was such as
he, Mr. Thomas, in his verbal statement before
the Judiciary Committee, has set forth. In
order that we may clearly understand this state-
ment upon which the Senator from Illinois so
much relies I beg leave to read it. It comes
from the mouth of Mr. Thomas himself, and
is addressed to that committee in their eom-
mittee-room where he is on examination. I
read from page 35 of the report of the com-
mittee :
"I think, as I said before, I met him (Secretary
Cobb) one evening at a gentleman's house."
Very cautious language, as the sequel will
show ; a very delicate, very circumspect phrase.
"It was tho house of Mr. Thompson, Secretary of
the Interior. 1" called there merely to pay a visit in
the evening. I had known Mr. Thompson for many
years, and I found there Mr. Cobb and Governor
Floyd."
Rather suspicious company to be in just on
the eve of the civil war, and at a time when
repeated acts of war had been committed
against the Government of the United States.
Mr. Thomas proceeds:
I do not recollect that there was any conversa-
tion on the subject of the impending troubles in the
country."
At such a moment as this, in the company
of Cobb, Floyd, and Thompson, Mr. Thomas
declares that he does not recollect that there
was any conversation respecting the impend-
ing troubles of the country.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the date of that?
_Mr. HOWARD. The exact date is not
given, but it was very near the time of his
appointment to the office of Secretary of tho
Iroasury. It was, at any rate, during the
incumbency of Mr. Cobb, and in the fall of
18G0, after the presidential election :
I did not stay there very long; if there was any
conversation, it was of some very unimportant char-
acter. I never heard either of those gentlemen ex-
press an opinion on such bubjects."
Sir, who can believe this? Mr. Thomas,
in intimate relations with those traitors, and in
almost daily intercourse with them, comes for-
ward and says to us that he never heard either
of them express an opinion on such subjects ;
that is, the subject of the troubles then impend-
ing over tho country:
to f'ic ^es^rc.^hat I should go into the
ireasury Department against my own judgment and
my own interests, fromcircumst5ncesgiow®n|?«tSf
the relations between the President and myself/'
It was, then, contrary to his inclination and
contrary to his interest to become Secretary
of the Ireasury, according to his statement,
but he entered upon the important duties of
that Department on account of circumstances
growing out of his relations with President
Buchanan himself. We have a right, there-
tore, to presume from this language of Mr.
lliomas that he was in very intimate and very
friendly relations with President Buchanan,
because those relations had induced him to
accept the seals of that Department. Then he
is ashcd by the Senator from Maryland, [\Mr
Joiinsox:] l
bt>'e?wi th-a,r from New York had
vSu? com;' 9 Pr.esi^™t' and had made objections to
youi continuing m the Department?"
And here is his auswer:
„ 13V„Tllom-as'^ Y ea- sir- 1 was told of the fact by
a gentleman m the street. The first time I met tils
