1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
appears to be danger that we may give offense
to the governor of some little province in
Europe or to some crowned head; and the
American Congress puts itself in the attitude
of being afraid to assert before the world that
it will everywhere and under all circumstances
protect the rights of its citizens.
The proposition of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania is simply to provide that the Presi-
dent shall use '"all his constitutional powers.''
What are his constitutional powers? Are the
duties of the Executive to be defined by law,
or not? Are we not constantly in the practice
of declaring by specific enactments what the
duties of the Executive shall or shall not be
iti a given case? Why do we make any such
laws ? Why not provide in every act of legis-
lation referring to the performance of Exec-
utive duty that he shall discharge whatever
duty the Constitution devolves upon him, with-
out, pointing out specifically what he shall or
shall not do?
This amendment of mine simply provides
that lie shall proceed to inquire into the ease,
and if it is ascertained that the citizen is wrong-
fuuy impiisoned make a demand for his re-
lease; and theu that he shall use such means
as may be necessary to obtain the release. The
Senator from Massachusetts is alarmed because
this amendment, as he says, proposes to put a
dangerous power in the hands of the Presi-
dent. Are we afraid to trust the President
with the power of protecting American citi-
zens? Are we to suppose that he wilt wan-
tonly and wickedly involve this nation iti a
war ? Suppose the Senator was President and
this law was in force, would he not act in 'ac-
cordance with the rules of international law ?
Does this authorize hiui to violate any law of
nations, or to resort to any violent or forcible
measures? He is to do all he can under the
Constituiion and laws in every way to secure
the release of a citizen ; and nothing more is
required of him by this amendment.
Mr. CONKLiNG. The honorable Senator
from Oregon is unjust, 1 think, in the strictures
be applies to those who prefer the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Pennsylvania
to his own. I prefer that amendment, and I
am sure he is unjust in applying those strict
ures to me. The amendment proposed by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, if 1 comprehend it,
intends to invest the President with all the
authority, and to enjoin upon him all the ac-
tion which fitly attend the executive office; that
be shall exercise all his constitutional powers.
The Senator from Oregon appeals to those
around him to know what those powers are.
What appeal shall 1 make to him to define tne
powers proposed by his amendment? 1 sub-
mit to him that he has used language unknown
to the legislative phraseology with which we
aie familiar; "all means not amounting to
acts of war." What are they. I repeat? Are
they acts which according to any law the Pres-
ident has any right to do ?
I can suppose, if it were worthwhile, a hun-
dred illustrations, confessedly not amounting
to acts of war, and in a certain sense adapted
to this purpose, which nobody would prerend
for one moment the President had a right to
do unless he was armed by legislative authority
■with the powers. Suppose, for example, the
President should take it into his head to send
abroad embassadors under the name of com-
missioners, as one President in one instance
asserted the right to do. Suppose he should
send strolling groups or strolling individuals
over Europe to conduct side-bar negotiations.
Suppose he should expend moneys otherwise
in such modes as he might think were conduc-
ive to the harmony of the nations and the estab-
lishment of the rights of American citizenship.
They would not be acts of war, and yet they
would fall within the spirit and within the let-
ter ot' the amendment of the honorable Sena-
tor from Oregon.
If we want definition, if we want certainty,
if we want something tangible, i submit to the
honorable Senator from Oregon that although
there is a dubious and unascertained element,-
I grant, in the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, it is infinitely more
certain, and it is infinitely more defensible than
his own proposition, because it does rest upon
the Constitution of the United States, and upon
functions derived from it, aud definable by the
analogies of the Constitution and the deduc-
tions to be drawn from it.
One word further, Mr. President, and I have
done. I have a siucere wish, without yielding
to the pros or the cons of sensation on this
subject, to provide all that we can provide of
correction for existing evils, of redress for
existinggrievances, of provisionsagainstappre-
hensions of the future; and if 1 am not able
to go as far as some Senators avow a willing-
ness to go, it is because I believe the means
proposed are illy or unwisely adapted to the
end. I think the proposition of the Senator
from Pennsylvania is wisely and appropriately
adapted to the end in view ; and when we have
adopted it, if we shall adopt it, I think we
shall have done all that by legislative means
wo can do in this behalf. Therefore, I hope the
section as it stands may be stricken out, that
the Senator from Oregon may allow the ques
tion to be put now—1 know he can interpose
his amendment—and that we shall adopt the
amendment offered by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-.
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts to the amendment
of the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. SUMNER. For the present I withdraw
the amendment, and let the question be taken
on the proposition of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. I wish to get a vote directly on the
proposition of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts withdraws his amend-
ment, and the question now is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Now I suppose that is
open to amendment. I move to strike out the
third section and add to the second section the
words which I send to the Chair. Perhaps the
proposition should be divided.
Mr. CONNESS. That is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
strictly in order.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICE 11. The first
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. COCKLING. I shall vote against this
amendment in order that we may reach the
other amendment that 1 think better.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall do the same.
The yeas and nays were taken.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, t^vhen his name
was called.) On this question 1 have paired
with the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton".]
Mr. WILSON, (when his name was called.)
On this question, I have paired with the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] otherwise
I should vote for the amendment, and he
against it.
The call of the roll having been concluded,
The PRESIDING OFFiCER. The Chair
understands that there is not a quorum voting.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope not; let us get
through with this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. We must adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. I think we had better not
adjourn ; we can get a vote.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Is a motion to adjourn in
order?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
in order as soon as the vote is announced.
Mr. CONKLiNG. There is a quorum here.
Mr. WILSON. 1 agreed to pair with the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.] He
would vote against the amendment, and in
order to make a quorum I will cast my vote
that way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. M'oetox,] if here, would
vote for the amendment,, and I against, it. I
now vote for it in order to make a quorum.
The result was announced—yeas 19, nays 15.
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Conne<s, Cragin,
Harlan,Harris, McDonald, Morgan, Moi rill of Maine,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson ot Tennessee, Spur-rue,
Stewart. Thayer, Tipton, Viekers, Whyte, and Wil-
liam?*—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Buekalew, Cat-
tell, Conkhns, Corbett. Doolittle, Patterson ot New
Hampshire, Pomeroy. Itiee. Sumner. Trumbull. Van
Winkle, Willey.and Wilson—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Davis, Dixon,
Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Eesseudon, Fowler. Frelin"-
liuysen. Grimes, Henderson, Hendrieks, Howard,
Howe, kelloge, McCreery, Morrill of Vermont. Mor-
ton, Norton, Pool, Ramsey. Robertson, Ro s, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Sherman, W ade, "Welch, and Y ates—30.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 inquire whether my
amendment is now in order?
Mr. SUMNER. It would be as a substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania move to strike out
the third section?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFiCER. That is in
order.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to slrike out
the third section, and add to the second section
the words which I send to the Chair.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. B CJCKALE W. I ask the Clerk to read
what I propose as a substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood that the Senator proposed to add
words to the second section.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, sir; I desire them
read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to add to
the second section of the bill, when it shall be
in order, the following words:
And it shall be the duly of the President to exert
all his powers under the Constitution and laws tor
the protection and relic! oi' citizens of the United
States abroad, aud to report piomptiy to Congiess
iroin time to time all cases where justice or lelKf
shall be refused to such citizens by the Government
ot any foreign country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator irom
Pennsylvania, to strike out the third section ot
the bill, upon which the yeas aud uays have
been oidered.
The yeas and nays were taken; and on the
conclusion of the roll-call there was not a
quotum voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
whether 1 ought to vote.
Mr. DOOLtl'TLE. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
the PRESIDING OFFICER. No motion
is in order till the result of the vote be an-
nounced.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 feel an em-
barrassment about voting under the circum-
stances.
The PRESIDING OFFiCER. No remarks
are in oider.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the vote
announced. There is no use in slaving hero.
I call for the announcement of the vote.
The result was announced as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Buekalew, Cattell, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Doouttle, Harus, Patterson of
liampsnire, Pomeroy. Rice, Suinuer, irumoall, Van
Wiukle, Vi kers, and \V111 ey—15.
jJs'AYb — Messis. Cnandler, Cole, Conness, Cragin,
Harlau, McDonald, Morgan. .Nye, Osburu, Patter-
son of Tennessee, sin-,isue, Stewart, Tuaycr, Xiyton,
Whyte, \\ iiliain-*, and V. lison—IT.
ABSENT — Messis. Auttiouj, Bayard, Cameron,
Davis, Dixon, Drake, Kdmaads, i^erry, Kess-nlden,
j Fowler, Frehnghuysen, finmes, Henderson, Jteml-
i ricks, Howard, iiowe, Kellogg, McCreery, luorriH
11 ot Maine, Morrill ot Vei mont, AUorton. Norton,Pool,
; : Ramsey, Robertson, Ross, tiauisoury, Sawyer, Wiier-
man. Wade, Welch, and Yates—32.
;j The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote
'i discloses the want of a quorum.
!j Mr. SUMNER. There is no quorum, and
ii I move that the Senate adjourn.
' i'he motion was agreed to: and the Senate
il adjourned.
