1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2®
twelve thousand coffinsat Vicksburg and eight-
een hundred coffins at Memphis within the
time specified in his contract and within the
time required by the quartermaster's depart-
ment, in consequence of which, under the pro-
visions of his contract, the authorities deducted
from what he was to get for the coffins which
he had actually made the amount of $15,765.
In consequence of the failure of Mr. Palmer
to deliver these coffins in time the G-overnment
were required to make about thirteen thousand
eight hundred coffins themselves, a large por-
tion of which cost the Government, according
to the proof of the Government's own officers,
$2 50 each coffin; a part of them made out of old
lumber belonging to the Government were made
for two dollars per coffin. The contract price
of these coffins was ninety cents per collin. So
the Senate will see that when the Government
by its own means was compelled to make these
coffins each one cost the Government §2 50
when made out of lumber the Government had
to purchase, whereas by the contract of Mr.
Palmer he was compelled to make and deliver
them for ninety cents each,
Mr. CONKLING. Is there not an item
here for damages ?
Mr. WILLEY. I was going to state that by
the terms of the contract the Government were
authorized to withhold certain sums of money
upon a failure on the part of Mr. Palmer to
fulfill his contract, and these sums withheld
are called, in the language of the War Depart-
ment and of the bill reported by the House,
"stoppages."
Mr. CONKLING. What is the amount ?
Mr. WILLEY. The amount is $15,705 ;
that was the price paid by the Government for
the coffins which Mr. Palmer failed to make
and deliver in time. The joint resolution from
the House does relieve Mr. Palmer to that
extent. It allows him to be paid in full for
all the coffins he actually made at ninety cents
per coffin; that is to say, it authorizes the
quartermaster's department,, notwithstanding
the contract, to pay Mr. Palmer what they
withheld by that stoppage for his non-delivery
of those thirteen thousand eight hundred
coffins. To that extent it relieves him ; but
for the other coffins, amounting to twenty-nine
thousand, it afforded him no relief. Mr.
Palmer now asks further relief in consequence
of the facts set forth in this report—the hard-
ships of the contract, his being prevented from
fulfilling it in time by the hostility of the popu-
lation in the country where he had to execute
this contract to the purposes to which these
coffins were to be dedicated, and to which
these cemeteries were to be dedicated, that is,
the care and sepulture of the dead who had
fallen in the service of the country. In conse-
quence of the hostility of the population which
these acts excited against Mr. Palmer the
result was the destruction of his mills and an
attempt to destroy his credit and in every
imaginable way to embarrass him in fulfillment
of his contract. He seeks relief for the
difference between what the coffins actually
cost him and what he contractcd to make and
deliver them for.
He has already made and delivered forty-
three thousand coffins, including what the Gov-
ernment had to make on account of his failure
to deliver the thirteen thousand eight hundred
in due time, leaving the number he actually
made and delivered twenty-nine thousand two
hundred, and he has made and delivered them
at the price of ninety cents per coffin; that is,
he will get ninety cents if this resolution passes,
and the stoppage of $15,765 be allowed to be
paid to him for them. Otherwise, he will have
made his twenty-nine thousand coffins for
ninety cents a coffin, and yet have deducted
from the price of them $15,765, withheld by
the Government on account of stoppages, so
that he would get very little; scarcely anything
at all. The House joint resolution proposed
to relieve him of that embarrassment and diffi-
culty; but if the Senate paid attention—and
I was sorry they did not—to the facts specific-
ally set forth in this report, the result of an
elaborate and careful examination of the com-
mittee in the other House, and verified by the
committee'of this House by comparing the
testimony filed in the case with the statements
of the report itself, they would have seen that
the contract is most unconscionable. The fact
is proved by Mr. Ilamil and the officers of
the Government there, that when the Govern-
ment had to make these coffins themselves they
cost the Government $2 50 a coffin.
Mr. JOHNSON. What did they pay toother
contractors ?
Mr. WILLEY. There were no other con-
tractors. The quartermaster's department
itself procured lumber and employed its own
mechanics, and when it did that, according to
the testimony of Hamill, one of the officers of
the Government, the coffins cost £2 50 apiece
where the lumber was new, and making some
of the coffins out of old lumber they cost two
dollars; and yet Mr. Palmer, who, by his per-
sonal appearance and his personal conference
with me, has given me a high idea of the man
as a man of honor and patriotism, who has
been striving in the utmost degree in his power
faithfully to carry out his contract, will be com-
pelled, under the unconscionable conditions of
this contract, to deliver, as I understand from
the best information 1 can get, about seventeen
thousand coffins yet, at the inadequate price
of ninety cents a coffin, and he is to be allowed
only ninety cents for the twenty-nine thousand
which he has already made. He is under bonds
in the penalty of $30,000, and it will utterly
ruin him.
I understand from my friend from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Fowr,br,] who has some personal
acquaintance with this gentleman, he being
a constituent of his, and I have understood
from other gentlemen, that Mr. Palmer is what
he seems to be, a highminded and honorable
man; and that he has the confidence of the
Army any Senator may see who will examine
this testimony. On the back of the petition
itself is the autographic statement of General
Thomas, who says that he has carefully read
the within petition, and, from his knowlege of
the facts, commends it to the favorable consid-
eration of Congress. I was informed by Colo-
nel Stokes, of the House of Representatives,
that when Mr. Palmer, under the pressure of
this contract, was about submitting to the pen-
alties of his bond, when he found that he must
necessarily be a ruined man anyhow, and pro-
posed to throw up his contract, he was advised
not to do so, because certainly the magnanim-
ity and sense of honesty of the United States
would not allow an honorable man, honestly
struggling to fulfill his contracts, to be injured
and to be utterly ruined; and upon the faith
of such representations, and upon the sug-
gestions of officers of the Army to whom he
made the same proposition to throw up his
contract, that he certainly would be indemni-
fied and compensated if he would go on and
fulfill it, ho has struggled on and is struggling
on. The House of liepresentatives, upon the
evidence in the case, agreed to relieve him to
the extent which they thought was necessary to
afford some compensation for the deficiency
of pricc.
_ Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator takes
his seat allow me to ask him one question.
Am I right in supposing that the bill contains
three elements of compensation; first, seventy-
two hundred and eighty-three dollars and
some cents in reference to the fencing of
cemeteries; second, §12,716 in reference to the
unexecuted contract; and, third, the remit-
tance of what are called stoppages, amounting
to $15,765. Are those the three items?
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator is correct as
to those three items'?
Mr. CONKLING. That makes $35,000.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator is correct as
to the items, but not exactly correct in his
statement of the case.
Mr. CONKLING. I only described the items.
Am I correct in the statement and description
of the items?
-Mr, WILLEY. Yes, sir; but—-
Before the Senator from West
Virginia proceeds allow me to say a word to
the Senator from New York. I sustained this
report m committee, and it is apparent that
no man could have furnished the coffins that
this man did in truth furnish .at the remuner-
ation which the committee allowed him by
the report and make one dollar profit. It was
because of the oppressive nature of the con-,
tract that I agreed to the report.
Mr. WILLEY. Allow me to state here that
the absolute lumber which goes into a coffin
will cost §1 11 besides the nails, besides the
payment of the mechanic for making it, and
besides the transportation from the place where
it is made to the place where it is wanted.
The Senator from New York, I fear, does
not understand the House joint resolution,
especially as it proposes to relieve Mr. Palmer
from the stoppages of $15,765. Those are
simply stoppages, that much deducted out of
the amount of the ninety cents per coffin on
the coffins he has actually made. For instance,
including what the Government has furnished
and what Mr. Palmer has made, the whole
number of coffins made up to the time this
report was submitted was about forty-three
thousand. Of that number the Government
made, or had made for it otherwise than
through Mr. Palmer, thirteen thousand eight
hundred, for most of which the Government
paid $2 50 per coffin, and for the residue two
dollars. What those coffins cost the Govern-
ment has been stopped by the War Department
out of the compensation which Mr. Palmer was
to get, out of the pay for the twenty-nine thou-
sand coffins he made at ninety cents a coffin.
That much money, therefore, is deducted from
the pay actually due him for the work done. The
provision of the joint resolution in that respect
simply allows him to get the balance actually
due, which would be very little in truth. The
$15,675 is part of the price of the twenty-nine
thousand coffins which he made at ninety cents
per coffin.
The other branch of the relief provided for
in the amendment to this joint resolution,
$12,000, was not intended by the committee to
be an increase of the price of the coffins he
was yet to make, but it was to apply alike to
what he has made and what he is still required
to make. I understand he will be required to
make from fifteen to seventeen thousand more,
and it is to give him something like a con-
scionable, equitable compensation for the real
bona fide honest service which he has rendered
to the United States. I am satisfied that every
Senator who will examine this testimony will
come to the conclusion that, adding this amend-
ment to this bill and passing it in that shape,
Mr. Palmer must still be the sufferer and the
loser from fifteen to twenty-five thousand dol-
lars. You have only to make a calculation to
show such to be the case. He says these cof-
fins cost him two dollars per coffin, and he
proves that they cost liim that with his own
materials and his own facilities of making
them, so that the loss on each coffin he has
made is $1 10, and if he is compelled to lose
that much on each coffin that he is to make
the sum will amount to $">0,000.
Under all those circumstances I trust it will
be the pleasure of the Senate to extend to this
man this partial relief. As I said at first, he
has no legal claim on the Government. His
contract is specific, and*if we are to hold him
to the strict letter of the bond ; if we are to say
it is so nominated in the bond ; if we say that
we must, have the pound of flesh, that and
nothing less, this man must suffer, and he will
suffer and be ruined by such action on the part
of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senate will do
a measure of justice to this man by passing
this joint resolution. I would not detain the
Senate but for the fact that I know Mr. Palmer
and know his character and standing very well.
At the beginning of the war he was a "fellow
lawyer and a judge of'the court of common
pleas in the State of Ohio. He raised two
companies of men in that State for a force with
