THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
offensesinvolvingturpitude, and sinningagainst
the public welfare, no such matters can prop-
erly ever come in play. Of course, in some
matters of conduct of foreign affairs, if our
Constitution permitted the implication of doubt-
ful conduct as within the range of treason,
which it does not, it might be supposed that
the constitutional advisers might by their opin-
ions support the President in his conduct, if
that was made the subject of accusation.
But here it will be perceived that the very
matter that is in controversy must be regarded
by the court in determining whether this spe-
cies of evidence is applicable ; and in determ-
ining its applicability I need not repeat before
so learned a court that the question of its
weight and force is not to be anticipated.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
sitting as a court now adjourn. [" No, no."]
I will say that I make this motion at request,
because this question will be argued at length,
and it is now late.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty, noes
not counted; and the Senate sitting for the
trial of the impeachment adjourned until to-
morrow at eleven o'clock.
Saturday, April 18, 18G8.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
the chair at eleven o'clock a. m.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives and the
counsel fur the respondent, except Mr. Stan-
bery, appeared and took the seats assigned
them respectively.
The members of the House of Representa-
tives, as in Committee of the Whole, preceded
by Mr. E. B. Warhbukne, chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
and Clerk, appeared and were conducted to the
seats provided for them.
The CHIEF J USTJCB. The Secretary will
read the Journal of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. STEWART. I move to dispense with
the reading of the Journal.
Mr. DRAKE. I object.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Missouri objects. The Secretary will proceed
with the reading.
The Chief Clerk read the Journal of yester-
day's proceedings of the Senate sitting for the
trial of the impeachment.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. At the adjourn-
ment yesterday the Senate had under consid-
eration an offer to prove on the part of the
counsel for the President. The offer will now
be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Wo offer to prove that the President at a meet-
in? of tilo Cabinet, while the bill was before the
President for his approval, laid before the Cabinet
the tenure of civil office bill for their consideration
and advice to the President respecting his approval
of the bill; and thereupon the members of the Cabi-
net then present gave their advice to the President
that the bill was unconstitutional and should bo
returned to Congress with his objections, and that
the duty of preparing a message, setting forth the
objections to the constitutionality of the bill, was
devolved on Mr. Seward and Mr. Stanton, to be fol-
lowed by proof as to what was done by tile President
and Cabinet up to the time of sending in the message.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the honorable
Managers desire to be heard further?
Mr. Manager WILSON. Yes. sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, I wish
to put a question to the counsel for the Presi-
dent.
The question was sent to the desk and read,
as follows:
Do the counsel understand that the Managers deny
the statement made by the President in his message
of December 12, 1867, in evidence as given by the
Managers at page 45 of the official report of the trial,
that the members of the Cabinet gave lnmthe opin-
ion there stated as to the tenure-of-officc act; and is
the evidence offered to corroborate that statement,
or for what other objcct is it offered ?
Mr. HOWARD. I have a query to propound
to the counsel, also.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Secretary, will you send
mo that question, please?
The question of Mr. Johnson was sent to
the counsel.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question proposed by the Senator from
Michigan.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Do the counsel for the accused not consider that
the validity of the tenure-of-office bill was purely a
question of law, to bo determined on this trial by the
Senate: and if so, do they claim that the opinion of
Cabinet officers touching that quostion is competent
evidence by which the judgmontof the Senate ought
to be influenced?
Mr. EDMUNDS, (after a pause.) I inquire
of the Chair whether the argument on the part
of the Managers cannot proceed while the gen-
tlemen for the defense arc considering their
answers to these questions, which may take
some time ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks that the argument on the part of the
honorable Managers may proceed, and that the
counsel can reply to these questions in their
argument. That course will be taken if there
be no objection.
Mr. CURTIS. That is the course we should
prefer, Mr. Chief Justice. We will reply to
the question of the honorable Senator from
Maryland, and also to that of the honorable
Senator from Michigan in the course of the
remarks which we desire to address to the
Senate.
Mr. Manager WILSON. Mr. President and
Senators, as the pending objection confronts
one of the most important questions involved
in this case, I wish to present the views of the
Managers respecting it with such care and ex-
actness as I may be able to command:
The respondent now offers to prove, doubt-
less as a foundation for other Cabinet action
of more recent date, that he was advised by
the members of his Cabinet that the act of
Congress upon which restseveral of the articles
to which he has made answer, to wit: " An act
regulating the tenure of certain civil oflices,"
passed March 2, 1SU7, was and is unconstitu-
tional, and therefore void. That he was so ad-
vised he has alleged in his answer. Whether
he was so advised or not we hold to be imma-
terial to this case, and irrelevant to the issue
joined. The House of Representatives were
not to be entrapped, in the preparation of their
replication, by any such cunning devise, nor by
the kindred one, whereby the respondent affirms
that he was not bound to execute said act be-
cause he believed it to bo unconstitutional.
The replication says that the House of Repre-
sentatives—
" Do deny each and every averment in said several
answcis, or cither of tlieni, whiehdenies or travciscs
the acts, intents, crimes, or misdemeanors charged
against said Andrew Johnson in the said articles
of impeachment, or either ot tlicui; and for replica-
tion to said answer do say that said Andrew John-
son, President ot the United States, is guilty of the
high crimes and misdemeanors mentioned in said arti-
cles," lie.
There is no acceptance here of the issue
tendered by the respondent, and in support of
which he offers the immaterial, incompetent,
and irrelevant testimony to which we object.
The advice which he may have received, and
the belief which he may have formed touching
the constitutionality of said act, cannot be
allowed to shield him from the consequences
of his criminal acts. Nor can his mistaken
view of the Constitution relative to his right
to require the opinions of the heads of the sev-
eral Executive -Departments upon certain ques-
tions aid his efforts to escape from the just
demands of violated law. in his answer to
the first article ho alleges:
. " This respondent had, in pursuance of the Con-
stitution, required the opinion of each principal offi-
cer of the Executive Departments upon this question
of constitutional executive power and duty, and had
been advised by each of them, including the said
Stanton, Secretary for the Department of War, that,
under the Constitution of the United States, this
power [of removal] was lodged by the Constitution
in the President of the United States, ami that, con-
sequently, it could be lawfully exercised by him, and
the Congress could not deprive him thereof."
The respondent found no provision in the
Constitution authorizing him to pursue any
such course. The Constitution says the Pres-
ident—
" May roquire the opinion, in writing, of the prin-
cipal officer in each of the Executive Departments
upon any subject relating to the duties of their re-
spective offices.1'—Article 2, section 2.
Not of his office, not of the legislative de-
partment., nor of the judicial department.
But when did he require the opinions and re-
ceive the advice under cover of which he now
seeks to escape? His answer informs us that
this al'l transpired prior to his veto of the bill
"regulating the tenure of certain civil offi-
cers.'' Upon those unwritten opinions and
that advice he based his veto of said bill and
fashioned the character of his message. He
communicated his objections to Congress, they
were overruled by both Houses, and the bill
was enacted into a law in manner and form as
prescribed by the Constitution. Ho does not
say that since the final passage of the act he
has been further advised by the principal offi-
cer of each of the Executive Departments that
he is not bound to enforce it. And if he had
done so he would have achieved a result of no
possible benefit to himself, but dangerous to
his advisers, for it will bo borne in mind "that
the articles charge that he "did unlawfully
conspire with one Lorenzo Thomas, and with
other persons to the House of Representatives
unknown." He might have disclosed that
these unknown persons were the members of
his Cabinet. This disclosure might have placed
them in jeopardy without diminishing the peril
which attends upon his own predicament.
It is not difficult to see that the line of de-
fense to which wo have directed the present
objection involves the great question of this
case. It tends to matters more weighty than
a mere resolution of the technical offenses
which float on the surface of this prosecution.
Whoever attempts to measure the magnitude
of the case by the comparatively insignifi-
cant acts which constitute the technical crimes
and misdemeanors with which the respondent
stands charged, will attain a result far short of
its true character, and be rewarded with a most
beggarly appreciation of the immensity of its
real proportions. Far above and below and
beyond these mere technical offenses, grave as
they undoubtedly are, the great question which
you are to settle is to be found, it envelops tire
whole case and everything pertaining thereto.
It is the great circle which bounds the sphere
composed of the multitude of questions and
issues presented for your determination. The
respondent is arraigned for a violation of and
a refusal to execute the law. He offers to
prove that his Cabinet advised him that a cer-
tain bill presented for his approval was in vio-
lation ot the Constitution; that he accepted
their advice and vetoed the bill; and upon
that, and such additional advice as they may
have given him, claims the right to resist and
defy the provisions of the bill, notwithstanding
its enactment into a law by two thirds of both
Houses over his objections. In other words,
he claims, substantially, that he may determine
for himself what laws he will obey and execute,
and what laws lie will disregard and refuse to
enforce. In support of this claim he offers the
testimony which, for the time being, is ex-
cluded by the objection now under discussion.
If I am correct in this, then I was not mis-
taken when I asserted that this objection con-
fronts one of the most important questions
involved in this case. It may be said that this
testimony is offered merely to disprove the
intent alleged and charged in the articles; but
it goes beyond this and reaches the main ques-
tion, as will clearly appear to the mind ot any
one v.-ho will read with care the answer to the
first article. The testimony is improper for
any purpose and in every view of the case.
The Constitution of the United States (arti-
cle two, section one) provides that—
" The executive power shall be vested in a President
of the United States of America."
The person at present exercising the func-
tions of the executive office is the respondent
who stands at your bar to-day, charged with
