1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
discriminates against citizens of tlie United
States, and lias tor its object to keep from said
citizens the great pnvile.ge of obtaining that
knowledge which can only be-derived by read-
ing the periodicals and literary books of the
day.
i am very mucli surprised to hear the honor-
able chairman of the committee advocating the
doctrine of discriminating against my constit-
uents, as well as he professes to love justice
and equality. This bill only provides- for the
repeal of a bill which is wrong in principle,
and unjust and oppressive oil the citizens "of
the West. The statements of my honorable
friend in regard to the extra cost to the Gov-
ernment, although honestly, no doubt, made
on his part, is the same that has been made on
every occasion by the contractors when an
attempt has been made to wipe this law, so
unjust to our people, from the statute-books of
our country. And what surprises me more
than anything else is the fact of my friend from
Illinois opposing this bill after its having been
favorably considered in his committee, and
after -his having expressed himself to me as
being favorable to the repeal of said restric-
tion.
This bill which we So much complain of,
forces us to pay ninety-six cents per pound for
a book from the city of New York, when from
Great Britain to any port of the United States
it costs only twenty-four cents perpound ; and
yet we find upon the floor of the American
Congress opposition to its repeal. I am op-
posed to any legislation discriminating against
any American citizen on the subject of mail
facilities, and especially against the industrious
pioneers of the West who have done so much
to develop the country, and who have spent
millions of money developing the mineral re-
gions of the West., and who have, by energy
and industry, cultivated the valleys and the
plains of the West, and'have made blossom as
the rose that which previously had been re-
ported by explorers as the greatAmeriean des-
ert. A"nd it is nothing but justice that we should
have the same privileges that are extended to
citizens of our common country in other States
and Territories of the United States. I hope
the Senate amendment will be concurred in.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois to yield me five minutes.
Mr. FATINSWORTII. Very well.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I desire to say-
that 1 entirely concur with the remarks of my
friend from Colorado [Mr. Chilcott] and my
friend from Montana, Mr. Cavanaugii.] I am
somewhat surprised at the course of the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post lioads, in desiring that the bill, as amended
by the Senate, should be referred to that.com-
mittee, where every one knows it will u sleep
the sleep that knows no waking." This re-
stviction against these Territories of the United
States has, in my judgment, existed long
enough. The peopfe of those regions ought
to be relieved at once "instead of postponing it
till September, as the amendment proposes. I
understand that during the past four or five
years this overland company which carries
your mails has been relieved from carrying
everything except letters and newspapers sent
to subscribers. But, sir, they have not even
carried those. They have adopted a system
of carrying mail-bags of their own and making
tlie people along the line believe that their own
mail bags would reach their destination more
speedily and expeditiously by paying extra
charges—by marking them 1 'By express, Wells,
Fargo & Co.," in addition to the direction,
" Overland mail."
Now, sir, it seems to me that 111 order to do
full justice Congress ought at once to remove
this restriction and require Wells, hargo &
Co., who are to-day the contractors for the
transportation of the overland mail, to trans-
port all the mail matter as other mails are
transported in other portions of the United
States. This is a great injustice to the people
of the interior of the continent., and I am sur-
prised, not only at the action of the commit-
tee of this House, but at the action of the Sen-
ate, in not at once, immediately, instead of next
September, removing this restriction and open-
ing these mails free to the people of the Terri-
tories and of the Pacific coast.
Mr._ FARNSWORTH. If I can have the
attention of thfe House for a moment I will
state briefly the points about this bill. The
House passed a bill removing the restriction
which was imposed by the act of 1864, I be-
lieve, which required that printed matter should
pay letter rates between the western boundary
of Kansas and the eastern boundary of Cali-
fornia, where it had to be carried by stages,
except that newspapers, magazines, andperiod-
icals, are carried there, as everywhere else, to
regular subscribers from the office of publica-
tion. The present contract expires in the fall* in
October, I believe. The Senate have amended
the bill so as to make it take effect in the fall,
and sent it back tothe House.
Upon examination of the bids put in at the
Department for carrying the mails for the next
four years, and on inquiry with reference to the
intentions of the parties who have bid for car-
rying the mails—the bids for the letter mails
being already in—we find this fact: that the
difference of expense will be about one million
dollars if we remove this restriction and allow
the publishers of books, magazines, &c., to
send by mail their packages to dealers in the
various places in these remote Territories.
The House will see at a glance that they would
load down the stage coaches and make the
mails very bulky and heavy, and the contract-
ors cannot afford to carry this immense load
of matter at tlie same rate at which they are
now carrying the letters and newspapers, &c.,
to the regular subscribers.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads considered this question, and also, I
believe, considered it in conjunction with the
committee on the part of the Senate, on one
occasion when I was not present, at the Post
Office Department, a few days ago, and they
instructed me to make the motion, when this
bill was reached, to refer it to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. They came
to the conclusion that it is not worth while to
saddle the Department with this extra expense
at present.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Do not Wells, Fargo
& Co. carry all this matter now and load down
their coaches with it. at express charges? I
kuow they do.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no doubt of
that. They would not carry it if they were not
paid extra.
Mr. CAYANAUGH. They charge $1 50
for every book that goes through.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield fur-
ther. It is very true that the stages carry
express matter, but they are" paid for it extra.
Now, if we require them to carry all that matter
for which they now get paid as express matter
in the mails, "they will not do it, of course,
without extra pay. That is the very point in
the bill.
I yield now for five minutes tothe gentleman
from Nevada, [Mr. Ashley.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I willnotoccupy
much time, but I want gentlemen of the House
to understand this matter, because I think I am
right, and that our cause deserves their votes.
This overland mail was started-at a time when
it met with great opposition from the Atlantic
and Pacific Mail Steamship Company. They
had had the contract previously,^ and wished
to demonstrate that it was impossible to main-
tain an overland mail route. They did, in the
first instance, overburden the stage coaches
with extraneous matter sent by emissaries of
the steamship company. This law was then
passed in 1864' to relieve this overland com-
pany from that matter for the time being. It
worked well' undoubtedly, for it enabled the
Overland Mail Company to maintain their
route.
Since that time the railroads have been
extended so that the line is shortened now
about eight hundred miles. And by the time
this bill is to take effect, the 30th of Septem-
ber, when the present contrast with Wells,
Fargo & Co. will have expired, there will
probably be not more- than seven or eight hun-
dred miles of staging on this route. These
companies have heretofore received $750,000
for carrying this mail. When the bids were
opened the other day, with a view to this bill
passing, and the route being shortened some
thousand or-twelve hundred miles, Wells,
Fargo & Co. put in a bid to carry this mail
for $1,300,000. When the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnswokth] referred to the
increased expense he must have had reference
to that extraordinary bid, nearly double what
•they have heretofore received. All the bidders
for that route had that very same thing ia
view. I have seen some of these bids. There
.is one from responsible parties to carry the
mail over the route between the termini of the
railroads for $460,000 per annum ; or nearly
three hundred thousand dollars less than the
amount heretofore paid. Another bid, and
the lowest that -was put in, was for $335,000,
or less than one half of what has been hereto-
fore paid. So that, for my part, I do not
understand how the gentleman sustains his
proposition that it will cost more than hereto-
fore, when all the bids, except .that of Wells,
Fargo & Co., are for a much less amount than
that now paid.
Now, let me show that this will not be so
much of an increase and burden as the gentle-
mau says. The present law, passed in 1864,
provides that franked matter shall pass over
this line under regulations to be prescribed by
the Postmaster General. And all the public
documents sent by members of Congress go
that way now, or rather the company is bound
to carry them, whether they really carry them
or not; I presume they do not.
The only increase will be in the main, what
I know from experience in my own town to
be the case. This law of 1864 provides that
newspapers and periodicals sent to bona fide
subscribers shall be carried at the usual rates.
Now, this does not meet the necessities of the
people of Nevada. As the gentleman from
Montana [Mr. Cavakaugh] says, the people
there will compare favorably with those of
other parts of the country, so far as intelligence
and reading is concerned. But they are not
regular subscribers to papers and periodicals.
Our miners do not know how long they will
remain in anyplace, and instead of subscribing
regularly for a paper they buy it of the news-
dealer. In my town from four to five hundred
papers are received daily from California. And
until this last summer the overland company
never threw any obstacle in the way.
This last summer, after Wells, Fargo & Co.
had acquired the management of the whole
route, they began to put the screws on merci-
lessly. And on the newspapers from California
they .required ninety-six cents per pound for
transportation by mail to our town, when freight
was carried over the same route and upon the
same stages at seven cents a pound.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I hope the gen-
tleman will allow me a little more time. -
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield a few
minutes more to the gentleman.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I suppose this
increase and burden will be mostly made up
from the newspapers and periodicals for the
supply of the readers _ of that portion of the
country. There is still to be a reduction of
one half; within a short time the railroads will
have come within seven or eight hundred miles
of each other. And let me call the attention
of the House to one other inconvenience: it
this law is not now changed, although the matt
may be taken within thirty, forty, or fifty miles
of a town, there will be« charge of 4hree cents
