4334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, July 22, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Mansfield French.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
J. \V\ CUVT, OF GEORGIA.
Mr. DAWES presented the credentials of
J. W. Clil't, claiming to be a Representative
from the State of Georgia, and moved that they
be referred to the Committee of Elections.
FRANCIS W. KELLOGG, OF ALABAMA.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Francis W. Kellogg,
member-elect from Alabama, is now present,
and 1 move that lie be sworn in.
Mr. ICellogq appeared at the Speaker's
desk, and was duly qualified.
simeon corley.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported a bill (IT. II. No. 1494) to
relieve Simeon Corley, of South Carolina,
from legal and political disabilities; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read, it provides that all legal
and political disabilities imposed by the United
States upou Simeon Corley, a citizen of South
Carolina, be removed.
Mr. DAWES. 1 desire to put upon the
record the following statement.
The Cleik read as lollows:
To the Honorable SpeaL'er and other Member* of the
House of Representatives o/ the Congress of the Uni-
ted States:
Gentlemen: This will certify that our friend and
fellow-citizen, Simeon Corley, esq., of Lexington,
Representative-elect from the thnd congressional
distnot of South Carolina, is, and always lias been,
a true friend to the Union. He stands almost, or
quite alone, as a native Carolinian who has a lite
record in opposition to slavery and secession. This,
however, did not shield hiin trom the rebel service,
which he was compelled to enter as a con-d ipt, but
refused even to choose a company among friends,
lest it might bear the semblance of volunteering:.
Being in feeble health, tho hardships of tbo field
soon reduced him to a mere skeleton, when, without
his consent, his friends at homo put him in nomina-
tion lor a district otlice, in order to save las life, and
at. the same time take him our of the rebel service.
He acquiesced in the nomination, but wasdeteated
by a rebel preacher 1 This futile attempt to get out
of tho service shows, however, that, according to too
letter of the oath oi office, piescribed by the act of
July 2, he has " sought otlieo," and, therefore, he is
compelled to rely upon your generosity for relief
from the disability. But for that single act we know
of no reason why he might not tako the said oath,
and we do hereby recommend him to your honorable
body as a gentleman entirely worthy of your confi-
dence and favor. Having been one of the first in
the South to indorse the restoration policy of Con-
gress, ho has suffered a te'nble proscription for his
course, and to-day, m common with the rest of us,
his property and life itself are staked upon the issue.
Wo Therefore plead with you to remove every imped-
iment to the further prosecution of the work to
winch he has been called, and in the succcess ot
which tho whole people are alike interested.
L. EOOZIilt,
Lieutenant Governor.
E. Q. HAYES,
Senator Lerinqton county.
6 A. LEWIE,
Representative Lcrimton county.
II. W. PURVIS,
Representative Lexington county.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to allow me to move
an amendment including the names of Michael
Hahn, of Louisiana, and John Milledge, of
Augusta, Georgia. Mr. Hahn is known to all |
members of Congress, but in reference t.o
Mr. Milledge I ask that a statement may be
read.
Mr. MAYNARD. What is the necessity for
relieving Mr. Hahn from political disabilities ?
He was a member of this House after the
passage of the act of July 2, 1802.
Mr. DAWES. I understand charges have
been made against Mr. Hahn. I do not, how-
ever, know upon what grounds. He was a
member of this House after 18G2. 1 believe
he participated in the raising of a rebel flag.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has Governor Hahn
asked to be relieved ?
Mr. DAWES. If there be any political dis-
ability to be removed from Governor Hahn, ;
every one who knows him, every one who |
served with him here as I did, will have no
objection to remove it.
Mr. WARD. Is the gentleman to whom
the bill reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions refers elected as a member of Congress?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir. I now yield to the
gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. MULL1NS. Mr. Speaker, the other
day, when the credentials of gentlemen from
South Carolina were presented, I stated then
that I withdrew any objection I had heretofore
expressed in regard to them, having been in-
formed that I was laboring under a mistake.
I was then asked the name of the individual.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections, informed
me the gentleman to whom I made objection
was then to be presented. Now I wish to ex-
plain in regard to the matter, and to say that
the applicant who now seeks to be sworn in is
the gentleman the evidence of whose partici-
pation in the rebellion I had before me; but, I
am perfectly satisfied in my own mind that tho
man had within his bosom a burning light and
fire of loyalty, but was compelled under the
storm and rage of secession to bow to the
stubborn will of the original secessionists, and
could but take the part lie did. It seems clear
to my mind, from the declarations of the gen-
tleman himself to me, that he was doing all
he could to preserve the life of the loyal peo-
ple in every manner that suggested itself as
most compatible with reason and the circum-
stances of the case. Under these impressions,
1 am now satisfied that I was then right, but
was in error as to which one it was to whom
this evidence applied. I return my thanks to
the chairman of the Committee of Elections
for the privilege of righting myself.
Mr. DAWES. I yield a moment to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. CARY. Mr. Speaker, I have known
this Mr. Corley of South Carolina for at least
twelve years. I have known him well. Ho
was a strong and earnest Union man, and has
always been such. In the midst of rebellion
he was against secession and did all he could
to resist it from the beginning of the war,
maintaining his integrity as a Union man. 1
am glad to bear this testimony, and especially
as he is a native of South Carolina. These are
the kind of men I like to see coming here to
represent their States, and without regard to
their politics, if they only love the Union and
are consistent in its defense. He is a worthy
and excellent man.
Mr. FAR.NSWORTH. I ask the Clerk to
read the paper which I have sent to the desk
in regard to Mr. Milledge, of Georgia. I wish
it to go on record.
The Clerk read as follows :
Atla\ta, Georgia, Jvh 13.1808.
To the Chairman of the Reconstruction Committeeof the
Congress of the United States of America :
The undersigned, John Milledge, of Augusta.
Georgia, applies for the removal of disabilities
attached to h!>m under the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States and the recon-
struction acts of Congress; said disabilities arising
fro ill the fact that, having been a member of tho
Legislature of Georgia, be took the oath to support
the Constitution ol the United States, and subse-
quently, doling the lebeliion, was a member of a
police company, local in its duties, and thus ren-
deiod aid to the eonicderate States. He was an
original Union man and opposed to secession in 1860,
as he was to nullitieation in 1832. Attheeloseof the
rebellion he took the oaths required by the United
States authorities, and in good faith gave his sup-
port and influence to tho lestoration of peace and
goodwill.
He is now an ardent supporter of theseveral recon-
struction acts passed by tho Congress ot the United
States, adheres to the principles of the new consti-
tution of the State of Georgia, worked to secure the
election of Governor Bullock, to whose administra-
tion he intends to give his support.
JOHN MILLEDGE.
We, the undersigned, respectfully recommend
the above application to the favorable consideration
of Congress, and request prompt action thereon.
FOSTER BLODGETT,
Chairman Republican State Committee.
RUFUS B. BULLOCK,
Governor-Elect of Georgia,
I tako great pleasure, from personal knowledge
of Mr, Milledge, in urgently recommending the re-
moval of the disability in his case, believing that
such acts will tend greatly to produeo proper senti-
ments. and advance the interests ot reconstruction.
' GEORGE G. MEADE,
Major General United States Army.
Mr. BROOKS. He ought to be pardoned.
Mr. NIBLACK. That is sufficient. "We
are satisfied on this side of the House.
Mr. DAWES. The occasion for removing
the disablity of Governor Hahn is this: he
held the office of notary public before the war,
and continued to hold it for some time under
the confederate authorities. That brings him
within the fourteenth article, and it is proper
his disability should be removed. He is vouched
for very strongly by my colleague [Mr. Butler]
who commanded in that department, also by
my colleague, [Mr. Boijtwell,] and by all who
knew him in this House while he was a mem-
ber. I call the previous question, and also the
yeas and nays.
Mr. MILLER. Did he hold any military
office ?
Mr. DAWES. None at all.
The SPEAKER. The fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution does not require the
yeas and nays to he taken, only that there shall
be a two thirds vote shown by the record.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays, and call for a division.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the amendment of Mr. Fahsts-
woiiTH.to include the names of Mr. Hahn and
Mr. Milledge, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, itwas accordingly read the third time.
The question was then taken on the passage
of the bill, and there were—ayes 95, noes 15.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
bill was passed.
The title of the bill was amended so as to
read : " An act to relieve from legal and polit-
ical disabilities Simeon Corley, John Milledge.
and Michael Hahu."
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and atso moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from tho
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled an act (II. li. No. 1341) making appropria-
tions and to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government
for the fiscal year ending Jane 80, 1868, and
for other purposes; when the Speaker signed
the same.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gohham,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
passed the following bill and joint resolutions,
in which lie was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
An act (S. No. 622) in relation to bridges
across the Ohio river;
A joint resolution (S. No. 109) appealing to
tho Turkish Government in behalf of the peo-
ple of Crete; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 104) relative to
the ocean steamship service between the United
States and China, as authorized by the act of
Congress approved February 17, 1805.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
that he has been asked by many members as
to whether the tax bill has been signed by the
President. As there appears to be a doubt in
I regard to it the Chair has the official document
jj in his hands, presented at the barof the House
II day before yesterday by the President's Pii-
;i vate Secretary, informing the House that be
|\ had signed forty-three hills, among which is
J} the following: '"House bill No. 12o4. an act
ij imposing taxes on distilled spirits and to-
ll baceo, and for other purposes, approved July
1! 20, 1868." _ J
