SUPPLEMENT TO
the commission of high crimes and misde-
meanors in office. Before he entered upon
the discharge of the duties devolved 011 him as
President he took and subscribed the consti-
tutionally prescribed oath of office, in words as
follows:
"I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute
the office of President of the United States, and will
to the best of my ability preserve, protect, and
defend the Constitution oi the United States."
This oath covers every part of the Constitu-
tion, imposes the duty of observing every sec-
tion and clause thereof, and includes the dis-
tribution of powers therein made. The powers
embraced and distributed are legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial. Of the first the Consti-
tution declares that—•
"All legislative powers herein granted shall bo
vested in a Congress of theUmtcd States, which shall
consist of a Senate and House of Representatives."—
Article 1, section 1.
This encircles the entire range of legislative
action. The will of the legislative department
is made known by the terms of the bills which
it may pass. Of these expressions of the legis-
lative will the Constitution says:
" Every bill which shall have passed the ITouso of
Representatives and the Senate, shall, before it be-
come a law, be presented to the X>resident of tho
United States, and if ho approve he shall sign it, but
if not ho shall return it with his objections to that
House in whieh it shail have originated, who shall
enter the objections at large on their Journal, and
proceed to reconsider it. if, alter such reconsider-
ation, two thirds ot that House shall :i;:rco to pass
the bill it shall be sent, together with tho objections,
to the other House, by which it shail likewise be
reconsidered, and, if approved by two thirds of thaL
House, it shall becowo a law."—Article 1, neclion 7.
Thus laws are made. But laws cannot ex-
ecute themselves. However wise, just, neces-
sary they may be, tliey are lifeless declarations
of the legislative will, until clothed with the
power of action by other Departments of the
Government.
The builders of our Constitution understood
with great oxaetness the philosophy of gov-
ernment, and provided for every contingency.
They knew that laws to be effective must be
executed ; that tho best and purest law could
not perform its proper office in the absence
of executive power ; therefore they created
that power and vested it in a President of the
United States. To insure a due execution of
tho power, they imposed the duty of taking and
subscribing the oath above quoted on every
person elected to the presidential oliico, and de-
clared that he should comply with the condition
" before Lie enter on the execution of his office."
Chief among the executive duties imposed by
the Constitution anil secured by the oath is
the one contained in the injunction that the
President "shall take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed." (Article 2, section ;i.) What
laws? Those which may have been passed by
the legislative department in maimer and lunn
as declared by that scetion of the Constitution
heretofore recited. The President is clothed
with no discretion 111 this regard. Whatever
is declared by the legislative power to be the
law the President is bound to execute. By
his power to veto a bill passed by both Houses
of Congress he may challenge the legislative
will, but if he be overruled by the two-third
voice of the Houses he must respect the de-
cision and execute the law which that consti-
tutional voice has spoken into existence. If
this be not true, then the executive power is
superior to the legislative power. If the exec-
utive will may declare what is and what is
not law, why was a legislative department
established at all? Why impose 011 the Pros- [
ident the constitutional obligation to " take :
care that the laws be faithfully executed, ' it j
he may determine what acts arc and what are '
not laws? It is absurd to say that lie has any i
discretion in this icgard. He must execute i
tlio law. J
"The great objcctof the executive department is ^
to accomplish this purpose; and without it, lie tho !
I01 in of government whatever it 111a v, 11 \u!i be utt eriv ;
woithle^s for offense or defense; tor the icdressof 1
anoyances or the protect ion of riidil a ; lor thchai'pi- !
iiosi
on Hit
sjood order or safety of tho people..''
(!<institution, vol. 2, p. 139.
l)e Tocqueville, in his work on Democracy in
America, in opening the chapter on executive
power, very truly remarks that—•
"The American legislators undertook a difficult
task in attempting to create an executive power
dependent on the majority of the people, and never-
theless sufficiently strong to act without restraint ill
its own sphere. It was indispensable to the main-
tenance of the republican form of government that
the representative of the executive power should be
subject to the will of the nation."— Volume 1, p. 128.
The task was a difficult one, but the great
minds from which our Constitution sprung
were equal to its severest demands. They cre-
ated an executive power strong enough to exe-
cute the will of the nation, and ye't sufficiently
weak to be controlled by that will. They knew
that " power will intoxicate the best of hearts,
as wine the strongest heads," and therefore
they surrounded the executive agent with such
proper restraints and limitations as would con-
fine him to the boundaries prescribed by tho
national will or crush him by its power if he
stepped beyond. The plan adopted was most
perfect. It created the executive power; pro-
vided for the selection of the person to be
intrusted with its exercise; determined tho
restraints and limitations which should rest
upon, guide, and control it and him, and, out
of abundant caution, decreed that—
"The President" * * * "oftheXJni-
ted States shall be removed from otfiee on impeach-
ment for, and conviction of, treason, bribery, or other
high crimes and misdemeanors."—Aiticie 3, nectioiii.
It is preposterous for tho respondent to at-
tempt to defend himself against the corrective
power of this grand remedy by interposing the
opinions or advice of the principal officers of
the Kxecutive Departments, cither as to the
body of his offense or the intent with which
he committed it. His highest, duty is to "take
caie that the laws be faithfully executed;"
and if he fail in this particular he must fail in
all, and anarchy will usurp the throne of order.
The laws are but expressions of the national
will, which can be made known only through
the enactments of tho legislative department
of the Government. A criminal failure to
execute that will (and every willful failure, no
matter what its inducement may be, is crim-
inal) may justly call into action the remedial
power of impeachment. This power is, by the
express terms of the Constitution, confided to
one branch of tho legislative department, in
these words;
" The House of ltopresentatives" * *• * *
"shall have the .m)1o power of impeachment."—Arli-
L'lc 1, t>C<-li<ill Lj.
This lodgment of the most, delicate power
known to the Constitution is most wise and
jiiopci, because ol'the frequency with which
those who may exercise it are called to account
for their conduct at the bar of the people, and
this is the check balanced against a possible
abuse of the power, and it has been most
effectual. But the wisdom which fashioned
our Constitution did not stop here. It next
declared that:
"The Semite :■!i;111 have the sole power to try all
impeachments."—Articlc 1, taction ;j.
In tho theory of our Constitution tho Sen-
ate represents the States, and its members
being removed from direct accountability to
the people are supposed to be beyond the reach
of those excitements and passions which so
frequently change tho political complexion of
the House of ltopresentatives; and this is the
more immediate check provided to balance
the possible hasty action of the Representa-
tives. Wise, considerate, and safe to the per-
fect woik of demonstration is this admirable
adjustment of the powers with which we are
now dealing. Tho executive power was cre-
ated to enforce the will of th  nation ; the will
of the nation appears in its laws; the two
Houses of Congress are intrusted with the
power to cnact laws, the objections of the Ex-
ecutive to the contrary notwithstanding; laws
thus enacted, as well as those which receive
the executive sanction, arc the voice of the
people. If the person clothed for the time
| being with the executive power—the only
power which can give effect to the people's
will—refuses or neglects to enforce the legis-
lative decrees of the nation, or willfully violates
the same, what constituent elements of govern-
mental power could be more properly charged
with the right to present and the means to try
and remove the contumacious Executive than
those intrusted with the power to enact the
laws of the people, guided by the checks and
balances to which I have directed the attention
of the Senate? What other constituent parts
of the Government could so well understand
and adjudge of a perverse and criminal refusal
to obey, or a willful declination to execute, the
national will, than those joining in its expres-
sion ? There can be but one answer to these
questions. The provisions of the Constitution
are wise and just beyond the power of dispu-
tation in leaving the entire subject of the
responsibility of the Executive to faithfully
execute his office and enforce the laws to the
charge, trial, and judgment of the two several
branches of the legislative department, re-
gardless of the opinions of Cabinet officers or
of the decisions of the judicial department.
The respondent has placed himself within this
power of impeachment by trampling on the con-
stitutional duty of the Executive and violating
the penal laws of the land.
I readily admit that the Constitution of the
United States is, in almost every respect, dif-
ferent from the constitution of Great Britain.
The latter is, to a great extent, unwritten, and
is, in all regards, subject to such changes as
Parliament may enact. Au act of Parliament
may change the constitution of England. In
this country the rule is different. The Con-
gress may enact no law in conflict with the
Constitution. The enactments of Parliament
become a part of the British constitution. The
will of Parliament is supreme. The will of
Congress is subordinate to the written Consti-
tution of the United States, but not to be
judged of by the executive department. But
the theories upon which the two constitutions
rest at the present time are almost identical.
In both the executive is made subordinate to
the legislative power. The Commons of Eng-
land tolerate no encroachments on their powers
from any other estate of the realm. The Par-
liament is the supreme power of the kingdom,
in spite of the doctrine that " the king can do
no wrong," and in spite of the assertion that
the exercise of the sovereignty rests in the
several estates.
The kindred character of the theories per-
meating the two constitutions may be illus-
trated by certain parliamentary and ministerial
action connected with the American Involu-
tion, and which will well serve the purposes
of my argument. On the 27th day of February,
1782, General Conway moved in the House of
Commons the following resolution :
" That it is the opinion of this House, that the fur-
ther prosecution of offensive war on the continent
of North America, for the purpose of reducing the
revolted Colonies to obedience by force, will be the
moans ofweakeningthe effortsofthiseountry against
her European enemies, dangerously to increase the
mutual enmity, so fatal to the interests both of Great
Biitain and America; and by preventing a happy
reconciliation with that country, to frustrate the
earnest desire graciously expressed by his majesty to
restore the blowing of public tranquillity."—Hansard,
volume 22, p. 1071.
The Commons passed the resolution. The
ministry did not seem to catch its true spirit,
and. therefore, on March the 4th next follow-
ing, General Conway moved another resolution
in these more express and emphatic terms, to
wit:
"That after the solemn declaration of the opinion
of this House in their humble address presented to
his majesty on Friday last, and his majesty's assur-
ance of his gracious intention, in pursuance oi their
advice, to take such measures as shall appear to his
majesty to be most conducive to the restoration of
harmony between Great Britain and the revolted
Colonies, so essential to tho prosperity of both, this
House will conaider as enemies to his majesty .and
this country all those who shall endeavor to frus-
trate his majesty'spaternal care lor the ease and hap-
piness of his people, by advising or by any means at-
tempting the further prosecution of ottensive war on
the continent ot North America, for the purpose of
reducing the revolted Colonies to obedience by force."
—IbaL, p. 1089.
This resolution led to an animated debate.
Hie temper of the Commons was equal to the
