THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
directness of the resolution. The ministry saw
this and understood exactly its meaning. They
were disposed to avoid the implied censure,
and attempted to show, by expressions of a de-
termination to observe and respect the opinion
of the House as declared in the first resolution,
that no necessity existed for the adoption of
the second. To effectuate this end Lord North,
the Premier, in the course of his remarks, said:
"The majority of that House had resolved that peace
should bo made with America; and the answer given
from the throne was so satisfactory that the House
had just concurred in amotion to return thanks to
his majesty for making it; where, therefore, could
be the ground tor coming to a resolution which
seemed to doubt the propriety or sincciity of that
answer? He was not of the disposition of thosewho
complained of majorities in that House, who con-
demned them, ami by lactious and seditions misrep-
resentations, held them out to tho public in tile most
odious colors ; a majority of that Ijonse was, in par-
liamentary language, tho House itself; it could never
make him change a single opinion, yet he bowed to
that opinion which was sanctioned by the majoiity;
though he might not be a convert to such opinion,
still ho held it to bo Ins indispensable.duty to obey
it, and never once to loco sight of u, in the adwee
winch, as the servant of the crown, ho should have
occasion to give his sovereign. It was the right of
that House to command: it was the duty of a minis-
ter to obey its resolutions; Parliament had already
expressed its desires or its orders; and as it was
scarcely possible that a minister should be found
hardy, daring, infamous enough.to advise his sover-
eign to differ in opinion from his Parliament, so he
could not think tho present motion, which inu.-t sup-
pose the existence ot such a minister, could be at all
necessary."—Ibid., p. 1U1I0.
And again he said :
"To the policy of that resolution he could not sub-
scribe, but as Parliament had thought proper to pti^s
it, ami as ministers were bound toobey the orders of
Parliament, so he should make that resolution the
standard of his future conduct."—LbuL, p. 1107.
These protestations of Lord North did not
arrest the action of the Commons. The reso-
lution passed, and peace followed.
It will be observed that these proceedings
on the part of the Commons trenched on ground
covered by the prerogatives of the Crown, and
affected to some extent the powers of declar-
ing war, making peace, and entering into
treaties. Still the ministry bowed in obedience
to the command of the House, and declared
that—
"It was scarcely possible that a minister should bo
found hardy, daring, infamous enough to advise his
sovereign to dilfer in opinion from his Parliament."
This grand action of the Commons and its
results disclosed the sublimest feature of the
British constitution. It was made to appear
how thoroughly, under that constitution, the
executive power was dependent 011 the legis-
lative will of the nation. The doctrine that
"the king can do 110 wrong," while it pro-
tected his person, was resolved into an almost
perfect subordination of the ministers, through
whom the powers of the Crown are exerted, to
the acts and resolutions of the Parliament,
until at last the roar of the lion of England is
no mote than the voice of the Commons of the
realm. So completely had this principle
asserted itself in the British constitution that
the veto power had passed into disuse for nearly
a eenturv, and it has not been exercised since.
The last insianee of its use was in April, lOilO,
when William 111 refused the royal assent to
a ''bill to regulate elections of membeis to
serve in Parliament." (Ilansaid, vol. 6, p.
yoa.) . .
The men who formed our Constitution in
litil were not untaught of these tacts in Eng-
lish histoi y ; and they fashioned our Govern-
ment 011 the plan ot the subordination of the
cxecutivc power to tho written law ol the land.
They did not deny the veto power to the Pres-
ident, ; but they did declare that it should be
subject to a legislative limitation, under the
operation of which it might, in any given case,
be overruled by the Congress, and when this
happens, and the vetoed bill becomes a law. the
President must yield the convictions of his own
judgment, as an individual, to the demands oi
the higher duty of the officer, and execute the
law. Ilis oath binds him to this, and he can-
not pursue any other course of action without
endangering the public weal. The Constitution
regard's him 111 a double capacity—as citizen
and public officer. In the first it leaves him to
the same accountability to the law in its ordi-
nary processes as would attach to and apply in
case he were a mere civilian or the humblest
citizen ; while in the latter it subjects him to
the power of the House of Representatives to
impeach, and that of the Senate to remove him
from office, if he be guilty of '' treason, bribery,
or other high crimes and misdemeanors." if
the citizen disobeys the law, and be convicted
thereof, he may be relieved by pardon ; but the
officer who brings upon himself a conviction
on impeachment cannot receive the executive
clemency. For while it is provided that the
President "shall have power to grant reprieves
and pardons for offenses against the United
States," it is also expressly declared that this
power shall not extend to " cases of impeach-
ment." (Article 2, section 2.) The same per-
son, if he be a civil officer, may be indicted for
a violation of law and impeached for the same
act. If convicted in both cases he may be par-
doned in the former, but in the latter he is
beyond the reach of forgiveness. The relief
provided for the disobedient citizen is denied
to the offending officer.
I have already observed that the Constitu-
tion of the United States distributes the powers
of the Government among three departments.
First in the order of constitutional arrange-
ment is the legislative department; and this,
doubtless, because the law-making power is
ihe supreme power of the; land through which
the will of tho nation is expressed. Tho legis-
lative power, in other words, the law-making
power, is " vested 111 a Congress of the United
States." The acts of Congress constitute the
municipal law of the Republic.
"Municipal law is a rule of action prescribed by
the supreme power of a fUate, commanding what is
right and prohibiting what is wrong."—1 JJlacketoiie,
P. i-4.
The supreme power of a State is that which
is highest in authority, and therefore it was
propel' that the Constitution should name first
the legislative department in the distribution
of powers, as thiough it alone the State can
speak. Its voice is the law. the rule ot action
! to be respected and obeyed by every person
j subject to its direction or amenable to its re-
j quirements.
Next in the order of its distribution of pow-
S crs the Constitution names the executive de-
partment. This is proper and logical; lor the
will—the law—of the nation cannot act except
through agents or instrumentalities charged
with its execution. The Congress can enact a
law, but it cannot execute it. It can express
the will of the nation, but some other agencies
are required to give it effect. Tho Constitution
resolves these agencies and instrumentalities
into an executive department. At the head
of this department, charged imperatively with
the due execution of its great powers, appears
the President of the United States, duly en-
joined to " take care that, the laws lie faithfully
executed." if the law which lie is to execute
does not invest him with discretionary power,
he has no election—he, must execute the will ot
I the nation as expressed by Congress. _ In no
i case can he indulge in the uncertainties and
1 irresponsibilities of an official discretion unless
; it be conceded to him by express enactment.
In all other eases he must fullow and enforce
the legislative will "The office of executing
a law excludes the light to judge of itatid
as the Constitution charges the President with
the, execution of the laws, it thereby "declares
what is his duty, and gives him no power be-
yond." (llawle on the Constitution, p. 131.)
Undoubtedly he, possesses tho right to recoui-
' mend the enactment and to advise the repeal
i of laws. He may also, as 1 have before re-
marked, obstruct the passage of laws by inter-
posing his veto. Beyondlliesemeansof' chang-
ing, directing, or obstructing the national will
, be may not go. When the law-making power
i has resolved, his "opposition must be at an
end. That resolution is a law, and resistance
to it punishable." (Federalist, No. TO.)
j The judgment of the individual intrusted,_
I for the time being, with the executive power of
tho Republic may reject as utterly erroneous
the conclusions arrived at by those invested
with the legislative power; bntthe officer must
submit and execute the law. He has no dis-
cretion in the premises except such as the par-
ticular statute confers on him ; and even this
lie must exercise in obedience to the rules
which the act provides. A high officer of the
Government once gave to a President of the
United States an opinion relative to this doe-
trine in these words:
"To tho Chief Executive Magistrate of the Union
is confided the solemn duty of seeing tho laws faith-
fully executed. That he may bo ablo to meet this
duty with a power equal to its performance henom-
inatcahis own subordinates and removes them at'his
pleasure."
This opinion was given prior to the passage
of the act of March 2, 1867, which requires
tho concurrence of the Senate in removals
from office, which, while denying to the Pres-
dent tho power of absolute removal, concedes
to him the power to suspend officers and to
supply their places temporarily.
" For the same reason the land and naval forces
aro under his orders as their Commander-in-Chief;
hut his power is to bo used only in the manner pre-
scribed by tho legislative department. He cannot
accomplish a legal purpose by illegal means, or
In-oak the laws himself to prevent thein from bomg
violatedbyothors.
" Tho acts of Congress sometimes give tho Presi-
dent a broad discretion in the use of tho means by
which they are to be executed, and sometimes limit
his power so that lie can exercise it only in a certain
prescribed manner. Where tho law directs a thing
to he (lone, without saying how, that implies the
power to use such means as may be necessary and
proper to accomplish the end of the Legislature. But
where tho mode of performing a duty is pointed out
by statute, that is the exclusive mode, and no other
01111 ho followed. Tho United States have 110 common
law to fall back upon when thowrittcn law is defect-
ive. If, therefore, an act of Congress declares that
a certain thing shall be done by a particular officer,
it cannot be done by a different officer. The agency
which the law furnishes for its own execution must
bo used to the exclusion of all others ."—Opinion of
Attorney General Black, Nov. 20, 1800.
This is a very clear statement of the doctrine
which 1 have been endeavoring to enforce, and
on which tho particular branch of this case
now commanding our attention rests. If we
j drift away from it we unsettle tho very founda-
tions of the Government, and endanger its sta-
bility to a degree which may well alarm the
most hopeful minds and appal the most cour-
ageous. A departure from this view of the
character of tho executive power, and from the
nature of the duty and obligation resting upon the
officer charged therewith, would surround this
nation with perils of most fearful proportions.
Such a departure would uot only justify the re-
spondent in his refusal to obey and execute the
law, but,also approve his usurpation of thejudi-
i cial power when he resolved that lie would not
| observe the legislative will, because, in his judg-
' tnent, it, did not conform to the provisions of
the Constitution of the United Stales touching
j the subjects embraced in the articles of im-
] peachm'ont on which he is now being tried at
1 your bar. Concede this to him, and when and
where may we look for the end? To what
; result shall we arrive? Will it, not naturally
I and inevitably lead to a consolidation of the
| several powers of the Government in the execu-
| five department? And would this be the end?
i Would it not rather be but tho beginning? If
the President may defy and usurp the powers
of the legislative and judicial departments of
. the Govei nnicnt, as his caprices or the advice
of his Cabinet may incline him, why may not
' his subordinates, caeli for himself, and touch-
ing his own sphere of action, determine how
| far the directions of his superior accord with
t tiie Constitution of the United States, and
j1 reject and refuse to obey all that come short
!: of the standard erected by his judgment ? It
was remarked by the Supreme Court of the
United States in the case of Martin vs. Mott
(12 Wheaton, 1'J) that—■
" Km superior officer has aright tooontcst, the orders
of the President, upon his own doubts as to the exi-
gency [referred to by the statute] having arisen it
must be equally therightof every interior and soldier;
ami any act done by any person in furtherance of such
ordeis would subject him to responsibility in a civil
suit, in which, lib defense must finally rest upon his
ability to establish the facts by competent proof3
