1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1263
Charleston matter. The learned Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] to whom I always
listen with great pleasure, has hit upon a very
ingenious and a very novel explanation of Mr.
Thomas's resignation. If I understood him
correctly, he says that Mr. Thomas's opposi-
tion to Mr. Buchanan's policy of reenforcing
Fort-Sumter arose from the fact that the Gov-
ernment was employing the Star of the West,
an unarmed steamship, to take soldiers and
marines thither, and that it had no means of
defending them, and that the danger was very
great should that steamship reach the harbor
of Charleston; that the crew would all be de-
stroyed by the enemy's fire; and he would
persuade us that it was from motives of pure
humanity toward them that Mr. Thomas ob-
jected to sending the Star of the West. There
was danger that they would be killed by the
rebel fire, and this was the reason why Mr.
Thomas objected to the movement.
This benevolent motive, however, is not
stated in the letter of resignation, and, strange
enough, it slipped out of the memory of Mr.
Thomas while making his statement before
the Judiciary Committee; for in that state-
ment he alleges no such reason. I must pre-
sume, inasmuch as Mr. Thomas himself has
never alleged any such reason, that it was not
the reason, and that, therefore, the honorable
Senator from Maryland is entirely mistaken
■when he undertakes to assign that reason in
behalf of Mr. Thomas. The latter gives his
own reasons in very clear language. lie says
that he resigns because he is opposed to Bu-
chanan's scheme of reenforcing the forts, and
because if he remained longer in the Treasury
he would expose himself to the "just criti-
cisms " of the secessionists. Those reasons
cannot now be argued out of existence or out
of the letter. They are as weighty now as
they were then, and we just now have use for
them.
The honorable Senator from Illinois, in some
of his allusions yesterday to my previous
remarks, denied that there was any war exist-
ing in the United States at the time of Mr.
Thomas's resignation. I had shown that there
had been nearly a score of acts of war delib-
erately committed by the rebel authorities of
South Carolina or by other rebels upon the
Government of the United States; I thought
I had proved the existence of something like
a state of war ; and I did it in all kindness for
the purpose of correcting the statement which
the Senator had made that there was no war.
What does the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois understand by the term "war?" There
are in a general sense two kinds of war. The
books describe what is known as a " defensive
war" and what is known as an " offensive
war." Yattel, with whom the honorable Sen-
ator, of course, must be assumed to be entirely
familiar, though the passage had probably
escaped his recollection, says :
"War is either defensive or offensive. Ho who
takes up arms to repel the attacks of an enemy car-
ries on a defensive war. He who i=( foremost in tak-
ing up arms and attacks a nation that lived m peace
with him wages offensive war. The object ot a de-
fensive war is very simple; it is 110 other than self-
defense. In that of offensive war there is as fcreat a
variety as in the multifarious concerns of nations ;
but, m generai.it relates either to the prosecution
of some rights or to safety. We attack a nation witli
a view either to obtain something to which wo lay
claim, to punish her for an injury she has done us,
or to provent one which she is preparing to do, and
thus avert a danger with which she seems to threaten
us."— Vattel's Law of Nations, book 3, chapter 1, sec-
tion 5.
Such is the definition of war. Yet, accord-
ing to the honorable Senator from Illinois,
there was no war. The State of South Caro-
lina by a solemn ordinance of secession had
withdrawn from the Union ; had declared her
absolute independence as one of the nations
ot' the earth : had gone so far as to enlist men ;
had surrounded the harbor of Charleston with
a long line of batteries, on all sides round ;
her streets were filled with armed men, and
long lines of glittering bayonets were glancing
through them. Fort Moultrie, Castle Pinck-
ney, the property of the United States, had
been seized and were in the occupation of the
troops of South Carolina in battle array ; men
were pouring into Charleston from every quar-
ter of the South ; Georgia had already sent her
bands of recruits; Florida was wide awake; and
the rebels far and near were rallying to Charles-
ton to offer their services to the sovereign
power of South Carolina, with Pickens, the
Governor, at its head. Was this no war ? No,
says the honorable Senator from Illinois ; all
these things may be done, even the Star of
the West may be fired upon in Charleston har-
bor by rebel artillery, while the whole country
round about swarms with armed men, march-
ingundcr the palmetto flag, threatening slaugh-
ter and destruction to the forces and the prop-
erty of the United States; and still, according
to the Senator from Illinois, there was no war.
And so far does the honorable Senator go as
to insist, if I understand him rightly, that,
properly speaking, there was no war in the
United States until after President Lincoln had
issued his proclamation of the 16th of August,
1801, in pursuance of the act of Congress of
July 13 of the same year. If I misunderstood
the honorable Senator I should be glad to be
corrected; but I certainly so understood him,
and he referred to a decision of the Supreme
Court as tending to show that that proclama-
tion, or at all events the act of 1801, was the
first formal recognition of the existence of war
in the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator misunder-
stood me if he understood me as referring to
any proclamation in August. 1 referred to the
decision of the Supreme Court in the prize
eases, where one of the questions was as to the
validity of the blockade which was promul-
gated by Mr. Lincoln some time before Con-
gress met in July, 1861. I do not remember
the precise date of the proclamation.
Mr. HOWARD. In April.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A majority of the court
were of opinion that at that time, after the firing
upon Sumter, there was a sufficient recognition
of the existence of war. Some of the court,
however, were of opinion that war did notexist
until Congress met in July and recognized it.
I said nothing about a proclamation in August.
Mr. 110 WARD. I take it that the existence
or non-existence of war is not a judicial ques-
tion, and, whatever the decision of the Supreme
Court may have been, we are not to look to it
for histoiical truth. War is a matter of fact.
It is the arraying of one community against
another for the purpose of exercising violence
by the one party upon the other by means of
the ordinary means recognized as instruments
of war among civilized nations ; and to all
intents and purposes war, offensive war, had
been existing in the Stale of South Carolina
against the United States for nearly a month
before the resignation of Mr. Thomas. This
cannot be denied, and Thomas well knew it.
He knew that our forts had been seized. He
knew that Charleston was full of armed men.
He knew that the Star of the West had been
deliberately fired upon by rebel batteries. He
knew that the sub-Treasury in the city of
Charleston, under his control as Secretary of
the Treasury, had been rifled and the money 1
carried off by the rebel authorities. He knew
that he had made no effort to prevent its seiz- j
ure nor to recover it. I
Now, sir, there is no use in setting up, in j
mitigation or by way of defense of Mr. ]
Thomas's conduct, a false allegation of fact,
such as that war did not exist at that time.
That is an endeavor to suppress evidence ;
and I commend to the Senator from Illinois a
careful consideration of the question whether
ill the course of liis argument yesterday he did
not expose himself seriously to the truthful
charge of having endeavored, almost from the
beginning to the end of his speech, to keep
out of view and suppress the real and reliable
and incontestable evidence in this ease.
There was one portion of the Senator's
speech which I confess gave me pain. For
what purpose was it that the honorable Senator
from Illinois, the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee of this body, compared the case of
Mr. Thomas giving $100 to his rebel son to
enable him to go into the rebellion to the ease
of Union Senators voting money in this body
to support rebel prisoners of war honorably
captured by the Union arms? That, sir, was
a severe reflection. I am willing to believe that
the ardor, the zeal of the Senator in favor of
Mr. Thomas led him to the use of an illustra-
tion which was unfortunate in its bearing and
very painful to his colleagues upon this floor.
Sir, it is true that 1^ voted money, as did
the Senator from Illinois, to raise the means of
supporting rebel prisoners captured by our
arms and honorably in our hands as the result
of hard-fought fields. Will that Senator tell
me to my face that my act in doing this office
of humanity, my vote in carrying out the recog-
nized laws of war in reference to prisoners, is
just as guilty as the conduct of Thomas in giv-
ing his son $100 to enable him to join the rebel
ranks and put to death his countrymen ? Sir,
this is "crowding the mourners." I do not
propose now to review the conduct of Mr.
Thomas in regard to his son ; 1 have already
said as much on that subject as I ought to say;
but I must be allowed to add that this com-
parison was in exceedingly bad taste. Let hira
say this to the "boys in blue" who spent years
in fighting down the enemies of the country,
who were fed by the same hand which fed the
prisoners whom they captured, and what re-
sponse would the patriotic Senator from Illinois
receive from them ? He can anticipate their
response.
Mr. President, I have now, as I supposed I
had done the other day, finished what I have
to saj' upon the case of Mr. Thomas. I look
upon his resignation-under the circumstances
as an act of disloyalty to the United States,
and especially as an act giving " countenance
and encouragement" to the rebellion which
was then raging, as affording that rebellion
more actual strength, efficacy, and vigor than
ten thousand men mustered into the rebel
ranks would have done. I look upon his con-
duct in giving money to his son to enable him
to join the rebel army at a time when the son
was completely witliin his control, when he
might have restrained him and confined him
in his own house or in some other place of
security, as having been in itself an act of trea-
son against the United States, by giving aid
and comfort to the rebels. I look upon the
exculpatory testimony which he has introduced
before us in the report of the Committee on
the Judiciary as being entirely unworthy of
credit, as being in the main a mere after-
thought, a mere contrivance resorted to to
enable him to obtain a seat upon this floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I have accomplished my
purpose in offering that amendment; I have
presented to the Senate the single point which
is stated in the amendment, and as my desire
is that the question when taken shall be in
such form as to unite the largest number of
votes, 1 shall withdraw my amendment that
the vote may be taken on the original propo-
sition or on some other substitute. I there-
fore withdraw it.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, is the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts now deemed withdrawn?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is with-
drawn.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I move to amend
the resolution proposed by the Senator from
Maryland by sti iking out all after the word
"resolved" and inserting:
That in the judgment of the Senate Philip IT.
Thomas, Seuator-eleet from Maryland, cannot with
truth take the oath pfescribed by the act of Con-
gress approved July 2,1862.
Mr. HOWE. Is that offered as a substitute
for the original resolution?
