1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. COBB. I wisli to state that I was in-
formed not less than an hour ago by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, who sent a
special messenger to see whether this bill was
approved, that the messenger came back and
informed him that the act was not approved.
Tlie SPEAKER. The Chair can only state
that this is an official document presented by
the President's Private Secretary, which is
the only evidence given by the President to
either branch of Congress of his signature to
a bill. It is to be found in the Globe of to-day
under the head of "Message from the Presi-
dent."
Mr. COBB. I have made the statement in
order that members may understand it. It
was also reported by the Secretary of the
Treasury that it was not signed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated
what is on the official record, the Journal of
the House.
Mr. COBB. It seems that there is an error
somewhere in regard to it.
CUAUQBS AGAINST JUDGE BUSTEED.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I make the following report
from the Committee on the Judiciary on the
proposed impeachment of a judge of a United
States court.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom Was
referred the memorial of Henry 0. Temple, of the
State of Alabama, in whir-h said Temple charges
Richard Busteed, esq., judge of the district court of
the United States for the district of Alabama, with
official misconduct 111 office, report:
That the conimitteo gave the memorialist a hear-
ing in support of the charges madobyhim. The com-
mittee also gave Judge Busteed notice of the charges
preferred against him, and informed him that ttio
committee would hear him in the matter if he de-
sired to be heard. Judge Busteed appeared before
the committee, and made statements and explana-
tions m vindication and in refutation of the charges.
As the parties were not under oath the statements
made are of no legal value. Judge Busteed desired
an immediate investigation, but as it is impossible to
enter upon it daring the present session ot Congress
the committee recommend the passage of the accom-
panying resolution:
Jiesolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
directed to investigate the charges against the char-
acter and official conduct of Richard Busteed, United
States district judge of Alabama, with power to ap-
point a sub-committee, which shall have authority
to administer the necessary o iths, to empioy a stenog-
rapher, and send fur persons and papers, and sit
during the recess of Congress if deemed necessary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the pre-
vious question on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION CONTEST—-I10GAN VS. PILE.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the report from the Com-
mittee of Elections in the case of Hogan vs.
Pile, upon which the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Cook] is entitled to the floor.
personal explanation.
Mr. COOK. I yield for a few minutes to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. SPALDING. 1 yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask leave
to make a personal explanation. It will only
take mo about four or five minutes.
No objection was made.
Mr. STEVENS, ot Pennsylvania. I desire
to say a few words relating to what I observe
reported in the Globe of the remarks of Gen-
eral Garfield and others with regard to what
I said in debate on the passage of the five-
twenty bill. 1 find that it is all taken from
the report of Secretary McCulloch, which I had
never read. I am, therefore, free to presume
that what those gentlemen quoted rather
than said is a total perversion of the truth.
Had it not been introduced from so respect-
able a quarter in this House, it would not be
too harsh, as there presented, to call it an ab-
solute falsehood. I do not know that I should
have taken any notice of what the various papers
are repeating, some of them half rebel, some
half secession, and more of them I suppose in
the pay of the bondholders. I shall not now
undertake to explain the whole of this matter,
as I am too feeble, but I shall take occasion
hereafter to expose the villainy of those who
charge me with having said, on the passage of
the five-twenty bill, that its bonds were payable
in coin. The whole debate from which they
quote, and all my remarks which they have
cited, were made upon an entirely different
bill, as might be seen by observing that I
speak only of the payment of gold after twenty
years, when the bill I was speaking of, as well
as all other liabilities, were payable in coin,
as no one doubted the resumption of specie
payments. My speech was made upon the in-
troduction of the ''legal-tender bill," on which
the interest for twenty years was to be paid in
currency. No question of paying the interest
in gold arose till some time after, when the
bill had been passed by the House, sent to the
Senate, returned, and went to a committee of
conference, when for the first time the gold-
bearing question was introduced, and yet all
that these wise and truthful gentlemen have
quoted from xne took place in debate some
weeks before the gold question, either princi-
pal or interest, had arisen in the House.
I only now wish to caution the pnblicagainst
putting faith in the fabrications of demagogues
and usurers, and they will find that every word
which I have asserted with regard to myself is
true to the letter.
INSTITUTION FOR THE DEAF AND DUMB.
Mr. STEVENS, ofPennsylvania. Onbehalf
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,]
1 ask that tbeamendments of the Senate to the
appropriation bill for the benefit of the Colum-
bia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb be taken
from the Speaker's table and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. I object.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. "Williams, of Pennsylvania, on account
ot ill health.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Anderson, on account of the sickness of
Ins wife.
Mr. BROOKS asked and obtained leave of
absence tiii September 17.
INDEX TO TAX LAW.
Mr. COOK. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Laflin.]
Mr. LAPLIN. from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Rexohprf, Thatthe clerk of the Committeeof Ways
and Aleans be directed to prepare an index to the
internal revenue act lately passed, and to have the
same published in connection with the law.
Mr. LAPLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEVEES OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. SYPHEll, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Rfsnhcd, That the Committee on lloads and Ca-
nals be instructed to inquire into the piopriety of
making the levees of the Mississippi a national
highway, or otherwise so improving tnem as to pro-
tect them, at the expense and to the advantage ol the
public.
COURT OF CLAIMS—LOUISIANA.
Mr. SYPHER. by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (11. It. No. 855) to
extend to the State of Louisiana the provis-
ions of an act of Congress, approved July 4,
1864, entitled "An act to restrict the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims, and to provide for
the payment of certain demands for quarter-
master's stores and subsistence supplies fur-
nished to the armies of the United States
which was read a first and second time, and.
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to offer a priv-
ileged resolution.
Mr. SPALDING,
regular order.
Mr. BROOMALL.
I object, and call for the
It is a resolution relat-
I call for the regular
I hope the gentleman
will withdraw his objection.
Mr. SPALDING. I never withdraw my
objections.
Mr. BROOMALL.
ing to adjournment.
Mr. SPALDING.
order.
ELECTION CONTEST HOGAN VS. PILE.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
unfinished business pending at the adjourn-
ment last night, being the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections upon the contested-election
case of John Hogan vs. William A. Pile, first
congressional district of Missouri.
The resolution reported from the Committee
of Elections is as follows:
Resolved, That William A. Pile is duly elected a
member ol this-House lroni the first district of the
State of Missouri.
Mr. KERR. I oifer the following as a sub-
stitute for the resolution reported by the major-
ity of the Committee of Elections:
Jiesolved, That John Hogan is duly elected a mem-
of this, House tor the first district of the Stale of
Missouri.
Itewlved, That William A. Pile is not duly elected
a member of this House fiom the first district of the
State of Missouri.
The question was upon the substitute offered
by Mr. Kerb.
Mr. COOK. I wish to explain in a very few
words the conclusions to which the Committee
of Elections have arrived upon this question.
I may say at the outset that the questions we
have had to decide are mainly questions of
fact, rather than questions of law, and they
have required a very elaborate and careful in-
vestigation. And only those who have made
such an investigation in regard to these ques-
tions of fact can determine as to the coi red-
ness of the conclusions of the committee.
The majority for the sitting member in this
district was 218 as returned by the returning
officer. The election was held in certain elec-
tion districts numbered from twenty-tour to
forty-two inclusive. The objection which was
made by the contestant to the returns of the
returning officer applies chiefly to districts
numbered twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-
eight, and thirty. In relation to district No.
30 the objection is first that the judges of
the election used a copy of the certihed list
and not the certified list itself upon which to
make their returns, which copy was not pre-
pared by the proper olfacers, not prepared in
accordance with law, and that the improper
list was used for the purpose of allowing per-
sons who were not registered nor named upon
the certified list to vote fraudulently for the
sitting member.
I wish to consider that question for a mo-
ment. The constitution of Missouri requires
that—
"The General Assembly shall immediately provide
by law tor a complete and uniform legislation, by
election districts, of the names ol qualified voLeis in
this State: which legisiration shad be evidence of
the qualification of ail registered\oters to vote at
any election tiiereatter held;" * * *
" alter which no person shall vote, unless his name
shall have been registeied at least ten days before
the day ot election."
The law of Missouri provides:
"Sec. 12. Immediately after the closing of such
registry the orneer ot registration snail make and
eeitiiy two fair copies, alphabetically arranged, ol
the names ot the Qualified voters, as ascertained and
determined by said board, one of which he shall
deposit with the clerk of the county court on or
betore the nest ensuing Saturday, and tiie other he
shall deiiverat or before thohouroften o'clock a.m.
ot that day, to some one of the persons who
have been appointed to act as judges of the neit
ensuing general election in the election disuict. ior
whicti the list was made, and shall take his
therefor" ■* * * * ibcpeison to whom
the said'list shall have been delivered shall produce
the same at the place of vo ting, and deliver it into
the possession of the judges of the election at the
