1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3311
delphia, Pennsylvania, is hereby extended so as to
include within its boundaries the whole consolidated
eity of Philadelphia.
Mr. O'NEILL moved that the House concur
in the amendment of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE OIIIEF JUSTICESHIP.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. 11. No. 861) relating to the Supreme Court
of the United States; which was taken up and
read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause to the close
of the bill, and insert in lieu thereof as follows:
That in cose ot a vacancy in the office of Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States,
or ot his inability to discharge the powors and duties
of the said office, the same shall devolve upon the
associate justice of said court whose commission is
senior in time until such inability shall be removed
or another appointment shall be duly made, and the
person so appoiuted shall be duly qualified ; and this
act shall apply to every person succeeding to the office
of Chief Justice pursuant to its provisions.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved that the
amendment, of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MICHIGAN COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
the Senate amendment to the bill (H. R. No.
198) to reestablish the boundaries of the col-
lection districts of Michigau and Michilitnack-
inac, and to change the names of the collection
districts of Michiiimackinac and Port Huron ;
which was taken up and read, as follows :
Page 1, line sixteen, after the word "Territory,"
insert " in said State."
Mr. FERRY moved that the amendment of
the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPORTERS OP DISTILLED SPIRITS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the Senate amendments to the bill (H. II.
No. 764) for the relief of certain exporters of
distilled spirits; which were taken up and read,
as follows:
In line four strike out the words " alcohol and."
In fine live strike out " were," and insert "was."
In line six strike out '* or," and insert " and."
In line ten, after the word " act," insert" and as
shall be provided for hcroafter."
Ill lino eleven strike out "thirty."and insert"sixty."
In lmo fourteen strike out "liquor," and insert
" rum."
In line seventeen strike out" thirty," and insert
" sixty.'1
Amend the title by striking out the words " dis-
tilled spirits," and inserting in lieu thereof "rum."
Mr. BUTLER moved that the amendments
be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THANKS TO HON. EDWIN M. STANTON.
The next business upon_ the Speaker's table
was a concurrent, resolution of the Senate of
June 1, 1868 ; which was taken up and read,
as follows:
liesolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the thanks of Congress are
due, and are hereby tendered, to Hon. Edwm M.
Stanton for the great ability, purity, and fidelity to
the cause of the country with winch he has dis-
charged the duties of Secretary of War, as well amid
the open dangers of a great rebellion as at a later
period when assailed by the Opposition, inspired by
hostility to the measures of justice and pacification
provided by Congress for the restoration of a real and
permanent peace.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the House
concur in the. resolution, and as I believe it
is well enough understood, I deman-d the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.'
Mr. MUNG-EN. I demand the yeas and
nays on concurring.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 25, not vot-
ing 63 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Bailey, Baldwin, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blaine,
Blair, Boutwell, Buckland, Butler, Cake, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cul-
lom, Delano, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston,
Ma, Lhot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, fields, Garfield,
Gravely, Griswold, Halsey, Harding, Higby, Hill,
Hooper. Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenckes,
Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Ketchain, Kitchen, Koonlz,
Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory,
Maynard, McCarthy, McCIurg, Mercur, Miller,
Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins, Myers. O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Peters, Pike, Pile, Polsley, Pomeroy,
Piice, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Sohenck, Scofield,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Starkweather, Aaron
F. Stevens, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, Twichell, tJpson,
Van Aernam, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, llenry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welkor, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James P. Wilson, John T.Wilson, Windom, Wood-
bridge, and the Speaker—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Beck,Brooks. Cory, Chan-
ler. Eldridgc, Getz, Golladay, Grovor, Ilaight, Hol-
man, liotenkiss, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr,
Knott, McCormick, Mungen, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Phelps, Pruyn. Stone, and Taber—25.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baker. Banks, Barnes,
Barnum, Beaman, Bingham, Boyer, Bromwell,
Broomall, Burr, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Dawes,
Dixon, Dodge, Ferry, Finney, Fox, Glossbrenner,
Hawkins, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard. Hunter. Ingersoll, Kelley. Latlin,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Marshall,
Marvin, McCullough, Morrissey, Neweomb, Nunu,
Pcrham, Plants, Poland, Randall, Itobinson, Ross,
Selye, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Stew-
art, Thomas, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Trowbridge, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Van Trump, Hliliu B. Washbume, Stephen
F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—63.
So the resolution was concurred in.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAIL SEHVICE IN DAKOTA AND MONTANA.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 184, authoriz-
ing a change of mail service between Fort
Abercrombie and Helena; which was taken up,
and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution, which was read, author-
izes the Postmaster General to change the
character of mail service from E'ort Abercrom-
bie, Dakota Territory, to Helena, Montana
Territory, to post-coach service.
Mr. DONNELLY. This is a change from
"pony service," as the present service is
called, to coach service. This joint resolution
has been informally examined by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and I
am assured by the chairman of that commit-
tee [Mr. Farnsworth] that they are satisfied
it should pass. I therefore ask for its present
consideration, and call the previous question
upon it.
Mr. WARD. I object to this way of passing
bills without their being investigated by the
committees appointed for that purpose.
Mr. DONNELLY. This is a Senate joint
resolution, and could not possibly have been
formally before the committee ; and to refer it
at this stage of the session will be to kill it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. How much
increased expenditure does it involve?
Mr. DONNELLY. From fifty to sixty thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Will it not
be more than $80,000?
Mr. DONNELLY. I do not think so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is true, of course,
this will cost- the Government something. It
is a proposition to change the mail service from
horse service to stage-coach -service, three
titnes a week. There is now a tri-weekly Hue
running to Fort Abercrombie; but there isonly
a ''pony service," as the gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr; Donn-ei.ly] styles it, from there to
Helena, in Montana Territory. The Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads have
informally examined this joiut resolution.
While they have not directed me to report upon
it, I believe they are not hostile to it. I took
pains to inquire at the Post Office Department
what would be the probable cost of this pro-
posed change, and in reply I received a letter
which I will ask to have read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Post Office Department, Contract OrpioB,
Washington, Jane 6,1808.
Sir: In answer to your verbal .inquiries of yester-
day yon are rospeetfully informed "that this Depart-
ment estimates the cost of mail service three timesa
week in four-horse post coaches on the route from
Fort Abercrombie, in Dakota Territory, to Helena,
in Montana Territory, supposing the distance to be
nine hundred miles, at $135,000 per annum; and that
such estimate is considered a liberal one.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE W. McLELLAN,
Second Assistant Postmaster General.
Hon. J. E. Farnsworth, Chairman of Committee on
the Post Office and Post Jioads, House of Represent-
atives*
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The estimate madeis
quite large enough. I do not know how much the
present cost is; but it should be deducted from
this estimate. I believe this is the first appro-
priation made to establish a stage line upon
that northern Pacific route. I am in favor of it.
There is a very large population in the northern
portions of our western States and Territories,
and I am in favor of doing something for them.
This is on the line of the Northern Pacific rail-
road. It seems to me no more than just and
proper that we should pass thisjoint resolution.
Mr. WARD. What is the additional ex-
pense?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Some sixty or eighty
thousand dollars a year.
Mr. WARD, Does the gentleman from Illi-
nois think we ought to consent to the expend-
iture of that large amount without any invest-
igation of any committee of this House ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think it far better
that we should carry letters to the people there
who are upon this route at this price than to
vote a million to carry printed matter, as we
have done a while ago for our other Territories.
We have never yet done anything for this
northern overland mail route. It supplies
many forts and military stations where they
have a large population. We have never yet
given them anything but a pony mail.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, a state-
ment from me may perhaps answer some of
the objections in the ininds of gentlemen here,
and I ask the attention of the House for a few
minutes.
I am no more interested in this change of mail
service than other gentlemen upon this floor.
An examination of the map will show that the
Territories of Montana and Idaho lie imme-
diately west of the Territory of Dakota aud
the State of Minnesota; that they go to form
part of our great northern belt or tier of States.
At the present time intercourse with that
country over the mail and stage routes is by
way of the Salt Lake valley. Direct commu-
nication in a line due East and West, as pro-
posed by this joint resolution, will shorten the
distance between New York and Montana one
thousand miles, and that, sir, seems to me a
sufficient justification of this bill. If any
member of this House, or if any citizen of this
country starts to go by railroad and stage from
the city of New York to theTerritory of Mon-
tana he has to travel one thousand miles fur-
ther than he would have to travel if this stage
line were established. That is to say, he has
to descend from the latitude of New York
city to the line of St. Louis, and thence to the
Salt Lake country, and thence to ascend north
to a point even higher than the latitude of New
York.
