1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
relief of chippewa indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the'Interior, transmitting a.report from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, relative
to the necessities of the Chippewa Indians of
Lake Superior, and recommending an appro-
priation for their relief; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Julian
for one week on account of sickness in his
family ; to Mr. Ashley, of Ohio, for ten days ;
to Mr. Poland for two weeks; to Mr. Pkuyjst in-
definitely ; and to Mr. Hunter for two weeks.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. C01, making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30, 18C9,
be taken from the Speaker's table and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
No objection was made; and the bill and
amendments were referred accordingly.
steamship atlantic.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know that there is a quorum present for busi-
ness ; but I have a resolution here calling for
information which I think we all want. 1 ask
that the resolution be read, and if there is no
objection I will then ask its adoption.
The following preamble and resolution were
then read:
Whereas the following advertisement appears in
the newspapers of the city of New York:
Notice is hereby given that under and by virtue
of a certain instrument of indenture, dated the 6th
day of February, in the year 18-19, made and entered
into between Edward K. Collins, James Brown,
Elisha Riggs, William S. Wctmore, and Stewart
Brown, of the first part; Prosper M. Wetmore, ot the
second part, and the United States of America, by
John Y. Mason, Secretary of the Navy of the United
States, ol the third part, and for the purpose of ob-
taining repayment of the sum of $115,500, being the
amount of the outstanding balance of advance due,
unpaid, and unrefunded to the United States, with
interest thereon from the 20tU day of February, in
tins year 1858, will, on the 1st day of November, in
tlie year 1858, at twelve o'clock .at noon, sell at the
Merchants' Exchange, at the city of Now York, at
public auction, for cash, the steamship Atlantic, her
tackle, apparel, <fcc.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, April 19,1858.
The above sale having been postponed from time
to time to this date, it is hereby again postponed
until Thursday, October 20,1864, at the Merchants'
Exchange salesroom, No. Ill Broadway, in the city
of New York, at twelve o'clock at noon.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, Muy 31,1SC1.
The above sale is postponed till Wednesday, No-
vember 30,1864, at the same hour and place.
PR-OSPEIt M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, October 20,1804.
The above sale is postponed till Thursday, January
26, 1865, at the same hour and place.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, November 30,1864.
The above salo is postponed till Thursday, March
23,1865, at the same hour and place.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, January 20,1865.
The above salo is postponed till Wednesday, April
26, 1865, at the same hour and place.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, March 23,1865.
The above sale is postponed till Wednesday, May
24,1865, at the same hour and place.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New Y ork, April 26, 1805.
The above salo is postponed till Wednesday, June
23,1865, at the same hour and place.
PROSPER M. WETMORE. Trustee.
New York, May 24,1865.
The above sale is postponed till Wednesday,
August 20, 1865, at tho same hour and place.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, June 28,1865.
The above sale is postponed till Thursday, October
.26, 1805, at the same hour and place.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, August 23,1865.
The above sale is postponed till Thursday, Decem-
ber 28,1865, at tho same hour and place.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New Yo&k, October 26,1865.
The above sale is postponed till Thursday, March
29, 1860, at the same hour and place.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, December 28,1865.
above sale is postponed till Thursday, May 31,
1866, at the same hour and place.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, March, 29,1866.
The above salo is postponed till Thursday, July 20,
1866, at the same hour and place.
„ PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, Muy 31,1860.
_The above sale is postponed till Thursday, October
25, 1866, at the same hour and place.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, July 26,1866.
The above sale is postponed till Thursday, Decem-
ber 27,1866, at the same hour and place.
PROSPER JL WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, October 25,1866.
The above sale is postponed till Thursday, Janu-
ary 31,1807, at the same hour and place.
PROSPER JL WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, December 27,1866.
Tho above salo is postponed till Thursday, March
28,1867, at tho same hour and place.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
. New York, January 31, 1,807.
Thojibove sale is postponed till Thursday, May
30,1867, at the same hour and plaec.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, March 28,1867.
Tho above sale is postponed till Thursday, August
29,1867, at the same hour and place.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, May 30, 1867.
The above salo is postponed till Thursday, Decem-
ber 26, 1867, at the same time and place.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, August 29,1867.
Tho above sale is postponed till Thursday, March
26,1808, at tho same time and placo.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustse.
New York, December 26,1S67.
The above salo is postponed till Thursday, May 23,
1868, at tho samo tinio and place.
PROSPER M. WETMORE, Trustee.
New York, March 20, 1863.
And whereas further, it appears by said advertise-
ment that the sale of the said steamship Atlantic has
been postponed from time to time for tho period of
ten years: therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Secretary of the Navy be
directed to report to this House all tho facts and cir-
cumstances connected with tho mortgage held by tho
United States on the said steamship Atlantic, and tho
reasons why the said sale of tho said steamship has
been postponed for so long a time; whero the said
steamship now is, what is her present condition and
value, and/whether or not in his judgment the Gov-
ernment will realize from the sale of said steamship
the amount now due on the mortgage; and further,
whether tho said steamship was chartered by the
United States during tho rebellion, and if so, for what
period and upon what terms, and if any portion of
the charter money was deducted to be applied to tho
claim of the United States, and if not why not.
No objection was made, and the preamble
and resolution were adopted.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled, a bill (H. R.
No. 881) refunding duties paid under protest
on the importation from Prance of a bell do-
nated for the use of St. Mary's Institute and
Notre Dame University, Indiana; when the
Speaker signed the same.
impeachment of the president.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask consent to offer a
resolution, which I think the Speaker will rule
to be privileged, when it shall have been read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That tho resolution of impeachment
against Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, passed February 24,1868, and the proceedings
of this House amendatory thereof, or supplemental
thereto, be, and the same are hereby, rescinded, and
that the managers be recalled.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule that
this resolution is not privileged at this time,
and for this reason : the House is now acting
under the previous question, which was pend-
ing at the adjournment or. the 31st of March.
The House at that time had under considera-
tion a resolution reported by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Laflin,] from the
Committee on Printing, to print an extra
number of copies of the argument of Manager
Butler. The motion of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Chanler] tolaytheresolution
on the table was voted down; the previous
question was seconded, and the pending ques-
tion now is '' Shall the main question be now
put?" and no other business is now in order,
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. ROBINSON. Then I call for the reg-
ular order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at twelve o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of citizens
of Kendall and Maverick counties, western
Texas, for a division of said State.
Also, a remonstrance of the State Central
committee representing the Union men of
North Carolina, against disabilities being re-
moved from John S. Short, Martin county,
North Carolina.
Also, a memorial of the Chamber of Com-
merce of Charleston, South Carolina, praying
that the building known as the old post office
may be rented to them, to be used as a public
exchange, &c.
By Mr. COOK: The petition of citizens of
Maryland, for the passage of House bill No.
420, for the incorporation of the Washington
and Maryland Railroad Company.
By Mr. FERRISS : The petition of George
Cronkhite and others, soldiers of the war of
1812, for further pension of eight dollars per
month.
Also, the petition of S. F. Vilas and others,
stockholders of the Second National Bank of
Plattsburg, for leave to change the name of
said bank to The Yilas National Bank of
Plattsburg.
By Mr. GROVER: A memorial of more
than 100 oil refiners and other business men
of Jefferson county, Kentucky, including the
city of Louisville, praying a repeal of the law
taxing refined petroleum.
By Mr. RAUM: The petition of G.W.Coch-
ran, on behalf of himself and the other stock-
holders of the City National Bank of New
Orleans, for the name of said bank to be
changed to the Germania National Bank of
New Orleans.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 9, 18G8.
Prayer by Rev. R. Fuller, D. D., of Balti-
more, Maryland.
impeachment of tiie president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As all legis-
lative business is suspended, nothing remains
but for the chair to be vacated that the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court may preside.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore thereupon
vacated the chair, and the Senate proceeded
to the trial of the impeachment of President
Johnson.
The Senate sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment having adjourned,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore resumed the
chair at eigliteftn minutes to four o'clock p. m.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not susceptible of argument.
. Mr. THAYER. I desire to state 
Mr. GRIMES. I object.
Mr. THAYER. Very well.
