3312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,,
The expense of the change is inconsiderable
compared with the evil which it remedies. The
service by horses, or pony service conducted
by Indians, now costs the Government. $84,000.
It' this change is made according to the letter
from the Post Office Department, just referred
to, it will cost the Government $134,000, or
$50,000 additional, and in exchange for this
increased outlay we get a stage line that will
shorten communication between Montana and
our northern tier of States one thousand miles.
What are those Territories ? They are rap-
idly developing into mighty Commonwealths.
The Territory of Montana shows to-dny a pop-
ulation of fifty thousand, not an idle, unpro-
ductive population, but a population of miners
who are taking out of the bosom of the earth
that metal which is to add to the riches of this
land.
We may talk here, Mr. Speaker, about our
various policies of finance, of changing this
form of bond into that form of bond, of re-
calling this form of indebtedness and issuing
that form, but it is apparent to all sensible men
that the best scheme of finance is to pay the
debt, and that the means to pay the debt must
be dug from the bosom of the earth either by
the processes of agriculture or the processes
of mining.
Now, sir, why should we not have this
change? What is $50,000 compared with the
development that country will receive ? By
shortening- the line of communication one
thousand miles a vastly increased emigration
across the State of Minnesota, across the Ter-
ritory of Dakota, will pour into Idaho and
Montana, and this nation will receive back the
abundant fruits of their industry in the shape
of the precious metals to be used at home or
to be shipped abroad in payment of our debts
to foreign nations.
If there are no other questions to be asked
I will call for the previous question.
Mr. WARD. 1 ask the gentleman to yield
to me a moment.
Mr. DONNELLY. Certainly.
Mr. WARD. I do not know that I wish to
make any opposition to this measure if it came
properly before the House. What I mean by
that is, that I think this'House, as the guardian
of the public Treasury, at this time especially,
owes it to itself and to the country to see to it
that no appropriations of public money are
made unless for reasons of the gravest neces-
sity. Now, what is the question before the
House? A bill comes from the Senate pro-
posing to create a new post route, and we have
a proposition before us to expend from sixty to,
one hundred thousand dollars in the creation
of that route. Gentlemen interested in the
section of territory to be affected rise and
recommend the proposition ; but the chairman
of the committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads says that he cannot, from the informal
examination he has been able to make, favor
it. So, after all, we have no recommendation
of a committee of this House. Now, I say let
it be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads; let them examine the
matter and make their report upon it. Let it
have a deliberate consideration, and if it is
found to be wise and proper to expend this
amount of money to establish this new route,
let it be done.
Mr. DONNELLY. In answer to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Ward,] I will
say that it is impossible that this bill should
have been before the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads except in an informal
way. The Postmaster General was so solicit-
ous that this change should he made, believing
it was demanded by the growth of the country
and by the emigration that was tending in that,
direction, that he at first sought to make the
change without asking the permission of Con-
gress. He believed he had the power so to do,
but upon a critical examination of the law lie
came to the conclusion that he had not that i
power. So the matter was brought before the j
Senate of the United States. If, was examined !
by the Committee on the Post Office and Post .
Roads of that body, received their recommend-
ation, and passed the Senate. It is now taken
from the Speaker's table for action. It is
absolutely impossible that it could have been
before the Committee on tire Post Office and
Post Roads of this House", save as I said, in
an informal manner. In that informal manner
it lias been considered, and the committee
through their chairman tell us they are satis-
fied it ought to pass.
Mr. COVODE. I would ask the gentleman
whether he is not .aware that $80,000 were
thrown away on this route last year and not a
single mail was carried over it? A few mails
were started by Indians but not one ever went
through. And in this connection I call the
attention of the House to the fact that a most
enormous bill has been run through over the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads to-day, without reference to
that committee, a bill in which $1,000,000 are
involved. I want this bill to go to the com-
mittee. Let us have a fair report on the sub-
ject.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Will the gentleman
from Minnesota permit me to answer the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covqde?]
Mr. DONNELLY. Certainly.
Mr. CAVANAUGII. I desire to say that
I know more about this .mail route than it is
possible for the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Covodk] to know. I know that the mail
was carried from St. Paul by the way of St.
Cloud and Port Abercrombie, and came as
regularly as possible under the circumstances
to the town of Helena, my home. I know that
the mail was carried over that route during the
last summer, and a portion of the last winter,
and the contractors were so earnest in the dis-
charge of their duty that for hundreds of miles
the letter mail was carried on the backs of men
traveling on snow-shoes. I hope the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] is an-
swered, and that he is satisfied.
Mr. DONNELLY. The gentleman from
Montana [Mr. Cavanaugh] seems to have
given a sufficient, answer to the remark of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr.. DELANO. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry, whether a motion to refer this
bill to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads is in order.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Donneixy] surrenders the
floor without demanding the previous question
it will then be in order-; or if the previous ques-
tion should be voted down it will then be in
order.
Mr. WARD. I hope it will be voted down.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman upon what authority he limits the
expenditure of this enterprise to $40,000. If
I correctly understood the chairman of the
committee he said he was not himself informed
as to the probable cost. 1 hear from different
parts of the House different opinions as to this
increased expense. Many gentlemen estimate
it much higher-than the gentleman from Min-
nesota does. I know very well that these esti-
mates are very often made, and I want to know
the gentleman's authority for his estimate.
Mr. DONNELLY. My answer to the gen-
tleman is simply this: I have been informed,
and believe, for I was cognizant of the circum-
stances at the time the service was let, that
the present service costs $81,000 a year. The
chairman of the Committee on the Post. Office
and Post Roads has clearly stated to the House
that the Postmaster General has informed him
by letter read here, that if this bill passes, the
service will cost, "at a liberal estimate,"
$134,000, which, as I figure it, is an increase
of precisely $50,000 per annum.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I appeal to .the justice
and fairness of this House to treat this north-
western country liberally. We well know that
there is not a human probability that the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads will
have an opportunity to report again this session.
We know, therefore, that if we commit- this
joint resolution to that committee we defeat
it for this session. If it is a just and righteous
measure let us pass it. If it is not, let us vote
it down, and not resort to what I may almost
call subterfuges to kill the measure.
Mr. WARD. How do we know that it is a
just and righteous measure if we do not find it
out through the instrumentality of the com-
mittee appointed for the purpose of ascertain-
ing the facta? How do we know it?
"Mr. DONNELLY. By that common sense
and judgment with which God has endowed
most men. [Laughter.]
Mr. WARD. The gentleman has more than
his share, and I was inquiring for a little of
his. [Laughter.]
Mr. DONNELLY. ' I should be happy if
time permitted it to fully enlighten the gentle-
man, but it would take time. _ "
Mr. MAYNARD. This is not a question for
levity, it strikes me, but for serious, substantial
information. I wish to know what the present
service is that costs $80,000?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. What are
the postal receipts from the pony service now
there ? ,
Mr. DONNELLY. We did not ask these
questions when the liberality of this- country
spread over the uninhabited wastes of the
South the mighty net-work of the postal ser-
vice, and we have no right to put such ques-
tions here to this great and growing north-
western loyal country'—loyal all the way
through.
Mr. MAl'NARD. Does the gentleman refuse
to answer my question and tell me what the
present service is?
Mr. DONNELLY. I have already twice
stated that it is a "pony'' or horse service.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is fair that I
should state to the House that if this joint
resolution is referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, it is not at all likely
that the committee will have an opportunity
of reporting it at this session. If the joint
resolution is to be passed at all it ought to be
passed now, so that whoever shall contract for
the service may be able to provide the neces-
sary teams, forage, &c., for the seasons in that
country are not as long as they are here and
the men who propose to contract for the ser-
vice will require all the time between now and
the fall to get ready.
As I said when' I was up before, I will say
now, in reply to the question put by the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Washburn] to the
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Donnei.ly, ]
as to what the postal receipts are upon this
route, that I presume they are very trifling.
The postal receipts on every route are very
trifling until you get the route established. The
postal receipts on the central route to Califor-
nia were very trifling until you had the route
established, and a line of stages to carry the
mails. While you are only carrying the mails
by Indian and pony service, which is irregular,
lugitive, spasmodic, the people are not going
to travel or send their letters thai wav. They
will rather go round two or three hundred
miles. If you wish to develop the, country
aud to facilitate its settlement, the "only way
is to do as we did in the case of the central
route, to give the® some facilities, to put a
stage route on aud thus pave the way for settle-
ment.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads are of the. opinion, from the cursory
examination they have given to it, that this is
a fair joint resolution. While it will cost the
Department something, it will only cost about
one tenth as much at the most as will the bi'il
that, has just passed, and passed, too, to afford
the.booksellers, publishers, and dealers greater
facilities in their trade. It seems to me that
it is very much like straining at the gnat after
we have swallowed the camel to refuse to give
these people away up there in the North, these
military posts, and these remote territories, a
tri-weekly stage line after you have opened the
door to all the booksellers in the United States
to send their books all over the Territories by
1 stage coaches.
