230
SUPPLEMENT TO
Such a course would be subversive of all discipline,
and expose the best disposed officers to the chances
of ruinous litigation." «•*«■* "The power
itself is confined to the Executive of the Union, to
him who is, by the Constitution, tho commander of
themilitia, when called into the actual service of the
United States; whose duty it is 'to take care that
the laws be faithfully executed,' and whose responsi-
bility for ail honest discharge of his official obliga-
tions is secured by tho highest sanction. He isneces-
sarily constituted the judge of the existence of the
exigency in tho first instance, and is bound to call
fortn the militia; his orders for this purpose are in
strict conformity with the provisions of tho law, and
it would seem to follow, as a necessary consequence,
that every act done by a subordinate officer, in obe-
dience to such orders, is equally justifiable. The law
contemplates that, under such circumstances, orders
will be given to carry the power into effect; and it
cannot, therefore, be a correct inference that any
other person has a just right to disobey them."
Apply the principles here enunciated to the
case at bar, and they become its perfect sup-
ports. If the President has a right to contest
and refuse to obey the laws enacted by Con-
gress, his subordinates may exercise the same
right and refuse to obey his orders. If he may
exercise it in one case, they may assert it in any
other. If he may challenge the laws of Con-
gress, they may question the orders of the Presi-
dent. It is his duty to enforce the laws of the
nation, and it is their duty to obey his orders.
If he may be allowed to defy the legislative will,
they may be allowed to disregard the executive
order. This begets confusion ; and the affairs
of the public are made the sport of the contend-
ing factions and conflicting agents. No such
power belongs to either. To Congress is given
the power to enact laws, and while they remain
on the statute-book it is the constitutional duty
of the President to see to their faithful execu-
tion. This duty rests upon all of his subordi-
nates. Its observance by all, the President
included, makes the executive department,
though it be acting through ten thousand agents,
a unit. Unity produces harmony, harmony
effects directness of action, and this secures a
due execution of the laws. But if the. Presi-
dent may disregard the law because he has been
advised by his Cabinet and believes that the
Congress violated tho Constitution in its enact-
ment., and his subordinates may, following his
example, disobey his ordeis and diiections, the
object and end of an executive unity is defeated,
anarchy succeeds order, force, inespoiiMble
and vicious, supplants law, and ruin envelops
the Republic and its institutions. If the views
which I have imperfectly presented are correct,
and such I believe them to he, the testimony to
which we object must bo excluded from your
consideration, and thus will bo determined one
of the most important questions encircled by
this case.
If I have been able to arrest, your attention,
and to center it upon the question which 1 have
imperfectly discussed, the time occupied by me
will not be without profit to the nation. 1 have
endeavored to show that the royal licit ion which
asserts that " the king can do no wrong1' can-
not bo applied to the President of the United
Stales in such manner as to shield him from
the just condemnation of violated law. 'The
king's crimes may be expiated by the vicarious
atonement of his ministers; but the President
is held personally amenable to the impeaching
power of the llousc of Representatives. Con-
cede to the President immunity through the
advice of his Cabinet ofliceis, and you reverse
by your decision the theory of our Constitu-
tion, Let those who will, assume this respon-
sibility. I leave it to tho decision of the
Senate.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chief .Tustice and Sen-
ators, I have no intention of attempting to
make a reply to the elaborate argument which
has now been addressed to you by one of the
honorable Managers touching the merits of
this case. The time for that has not come.
The testimony is not yet before you. The case
is not in a condition for you to consider and
pass upon those merits, whether they consist I
m law or fact. The simple question now be- j
fore the Senate is whether a certain offer of j
proof which we have placed before you shall ■
be carried out into evidence. Of course that
inquiry involves another. That other inquiry li
is whether the evidence which is offered is per-
tinent to any matter in issue in this case, and
when it is ascertained that the evidence is per-
tinent I suppose it is to be received. Its cred-
ibility, its weight, its effect finally upon the
merits of the case or upon any question involved
in the case, is a subject which cannot be con-
sidered and decided upon preliminarily to the
reception of the evidence. And, therefore,
leaving on one side the whole of this elaborate
argument which has now been addressed to
you, I propose to make a few observations to
show that this e'vidence is pertinent to the mat-
ter in issue in this case.
The honorable Manager has read a portion
of the answer of the President, and has stated
that the House of Representatives has taken
no issue upon that part of the answer. As to
that, and as to tho effect of that admission by
the honorable Manager, I shall have a word or
two to say presently. But the honorable Man-
ager has not told you that the House of Rep-
resentatives, when the honorable Managers
brought to your bar these articles, did not
intend to assert and prove the allegations in
them which a re matters of fact. One of these
allegations, Mr. Chief Justice, as you will find
by reference to the first, article and to the sec-
ond article and to til© third article, is that the
President of the United States in removing
Mr. Stanton and in appointing General Thomas
intentionally violated tho Constitution of tho
United States, that he did these acts with the
intention of violating the Constitution of the
United States. Instead of saying, "it is wholly
immaterial what intention the President had ;
it is wholly immaterial whether he honestly
believed that this act of Congress was uncon-
stitutional ; it is wholly immaterial whether he
believed thai he was acting in accordance with
his oath of ollice, to preserve, protect, and de-
fend the Constitution when he did this act"—
instead of averring that, they aver that ho
acted with an intention to violate the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Now, when we introduce evidence here, or
offer to introduce evidence here, bearingon this
question of intent, evidence that before form-
ing any opinion upon this subject he resorted
to pioper advice to enable him to form a cor-
rect one, anil that when he did foim and fix
opinions on this subject it was under the influ-
ence of this proper advice, and that conse-
quently when lie did this act, whether it was
lawful or unlawful, it was not done with the
intention to violate the Constitution—when we
od'er evidence of that character, the honorable
Manager gets up here and argues an hour by
the clock that it is wholly immaterial what his
intention was, what his opinion was, what ad-
vice he had received and in conformity with
which ho acted in this matter.
The honorable Manager's argument may be
a sound one ; the Senate may ultimately come
to that conclusion after they have heard this
cause ; thatisof discussion into which I do not
enter ; but before the Senate can come to the
consideration of those questions they must
pass over this allegation ; they must either say,
as the honorable Manager says, that it is wholly
immaterial what opinion the President formed
or under what advice or circumstances he
formed it, or else it must be admitted by Sena-
tors that it is material, and tho evidence must
be considered.
Now, how is it possible at this stage of the
inquiry to determine which of these courses is
to be taken by the honorable Senate? If the
Senate should finally come to the conclusion
that it is wholly immaterial this evidence will
do no harm. On the other hand, if the Senate
should finally come to the conclusion that it is
material what the intention of the President
was in doing these acts, that they are to look
to see whether there was or not a willful viola-
tion of the Constitution, then they will have
excluded the evidence upon which they could
have determined that question, if it should thus
prove to be material.
I respectfully submit, therefore, that whether
the argument of the honorable Manager is sound
or unsound, whether it will finally prove in the
judgment of the Senate that this evidence is
immaterial or not, this is not the time to ex-
clude it upon the ground that an examination
of the merits hereafter and a decision upon
those merits will show that it is immaterial.
When that is shown the evidence can be laid
aside. If the other conclusion should be ar-
rived at by any one Senator, or by tho body
generally, then they will be in want of this
evidence which we now offer.
In reference to this question, Senators, is it
not pertinent evidence? I do not intend to
enter into the constitutional inquiry which was
started yesterday by an honorable Manager as
to the particular character of this Cabinet
council. One thing is certain: that every
President from the origin of the Government
has resorted to oral consultations with the
members of his Cabinet and oral discussions
in his presence of questions of public import-
ance arising in tho course of his official duty.
Another thing is equally certain, and that is,
that although the written letter remains, and
therefore it would appear with more certainty
what the advice of a Cabinet councilor was if
it were put in writing, yet that every practical
man who has had occasion in the business
affairs of life and every lawyer and every legis-
latorknows that there is no so satisfactory mode
of bringing out the truth as an oral discussion,
face to face, of those who are engaged in the
subject; that it is the most suggestive, the most
searching, the most satisfactory mode of arriv-
ing at a conclusion; and that solitary written
opinions, composed in the closet, away from
the collision between mind and mind which
brings out new thoughts, new conceptions,
more accurate views, are not the best mode
of arriving at a safe result. And under the
influence of these practical considerations un-
doubtedly it is that this habit, beginning with
General Washington—not becoming universal
by any means until Mr. Jefferson's time, but
from that day to this continuing a constant
practice—has been formed. President John-
son found it in existence when he went into
oflice, and he continued it.
I therefore say that when the question of his
intention comes t.o be considered by the Sen-
ate, when the question arises in their minds
whether the President honestly believed that
this was an unconstitutional law, when the
particular emergency arose, when if he carried
out or obeyed that law he must quit one of the
powers which he believed were conferred upon
hirn by the Constitution, and not be able to
carry on one of the departments of the Gov-
ernment in the manner the public interests
required—when that question arises for the
consideration of tho Senate, then they ought
to have before them the fact that lie acted by
the advice of the usual and proper advisers
that he resorted to the best means within his
reach to form a safe opinion upon this subject,
and that therefore it is a fair conclusion that
when he did form that opinion it was an honest
and fixed opinion which he felt he must carry
out in practice if the proper occasion should
arise. It is in this point of view, and this
point of view only, that we offer this evidence.
The honorable Senator from Michigan has
proposed a question to the counsel for the
President, which is this :
Do notthe counselforthe accused consider that the
validity of the tenure-of-offiec bill was purely a
quc&tion of law?
I will answer that part of the question first.
The constitutional validity of any bill is of
course a question of law which depends upon
a comparison of the provisions of the bill with
the law enacted by the people for tho govern-
ment of their agents. It depends upon whether
those agents have transcended the authority
which the people gave them, and that com-
parison of the Constitution with the law is, in
the sense that was intended undoubtedly by the
honorable Senator, a question of law.
The next branch of the question is "whether
that question is to be determined on this trial
by the Senate.''
