THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLOBJi
July 1£2,
time of opening the polls on the day of the ensuing
geueim election." " * * * * . ' . ,
" bEO. lii. xtie copy of said liot so deposited with
tliu cili'H shiai be subject; to exjmniauou as,other
iccoi'usot suideouit, but no such examination by
any i>eioon not oliieially ooimeeted wuh tlie court
saint be aiiowud, oxeepl ill tile pi eseuee ot said clerk
or mi deputy. ,
"Sec. li. Tne officers of registration shall, as soon
us may be, deposit with said clerk tlie origuiul books
01 rc^isti'.ition, wnich idii.i.li bo kept and, preserved
a moil? tne reeorda ot the court, except when other-
wise uisiH>sed 01 as bereinaiter directed.
"fcisu. 17. \v7ueii any person shall have voted, the
jimgcs of eiection shall, at tile time, write opposite
his ii.due on tlie list the word ' voted.'"
When tuw registration was made it was
made iu the manner following: the lists were
opened and tne voters registered their own
name iu their own handwriting upon the list.
A very large proportion of the voters ot' the
thirtieth piecnict were Germans, many of whom
entered their names upon the lists in German
script; some ot them entered their names upon
the Use iu English script, according to their
idea ot what Uleir names would be in Knglish.
This list, was copied by an English elerk, who
made upon the certified list the nearest ap-
proach he cjulu io the onginal entry made by
the voier himsell upon the original list. When
the voting was done the voter came to the polls
and announced Ins own name, which was taken
by sound by the clerk of the elections. Hence
it was impossible but that there should be
vaiiances between the original list and the
certilied list of voters, lliese variances are
aoout as great between the voters' list and the
eeitihed nst as there are between the certified
list and the original list, the differences aris-
ing, undoubtedly, from the same causes.
ill preparing tins report 1 had the assistance
of a Germau scholar, and as an illustration i
have given iu tne report a j'ac simile ol a name
written upon the original registration iu Ger-
mau script. 'ihat name is iu linglish Helfrich.
Upon the certified list it is copied according
to iis appearance rather than its sound, Lynl-
Jiiz ; and it appears on the voters' list as Hel-
ii'ich. This is a sample of the manner in which
many of these names were altered in being
transcribed iroin the original list to the certi-
fied list, and lrom the certilied list taken by
sound and transcribed oil the voters' list.
Mow, when tlie election was held in precinct
No. 30 it was lound that the certilied list was
alphabetized only by the first letter of each
name. Some hundreds of names beginning
with a certain letter of the alphabet were ar-
ranged under that letter, with no attempt to
systematize them. Hence it became apparent
to the judges of election that the voting must
be done very slowly it each name had to be
found upon the certified list, imperfectly
alphabetized as it was. They therefore caused
to be prepared a copy of the certified list, but
alphabetized by the two first letters of the
names. It will be remembered that the certi-
fied list was nuiuoeied. liy reference to this
new list a nauie could be much sooner found
than upon the certilied list, and then by refer-
ence to the number it could be much more
readily found upon the certified list. This list so
prepared was used on the day of the election,
as was also the certified list; they were used
together. 1 am not going to refer to the testi-
mony now to show that these were so used ;
but I affirm that they were so used, and that
both Ihese lists were used on the day of the
election by tne judges of election in precinct
No, 30.
It is urged that the use of this copy of the
eeitihed list, thus alphabetized by the first two
Sellers, was improper, and that the vote of the
precinct should tnerefore be rejected. The
committee have come to the conclusion that
unless this copy of the certified list, was made
for purposes ot fraud—if it was made only for
the purpose of allowing the voting to take place
wnu greater rapidity and in good laith, to enable
the judges to hud more readily the names upon
the certified list—it was no more improper
than it would have been to employ an expert
cleik for the same purpose, and tliat the poll ol
that precinct ougut not to be rejected lor
that reason.
But it, is insisted that that new list was used
for 1'raydulent purposes. ,1 wish to call the
attention of the House for a few moments to the
testimony on that point. I have examined the
testimony with great care, and J have en.'ire
confidence iu the conclusion to which the com-
mittee have come upon that question. The
number of names is precisely the same on each
list. Hence, it is certain that the new list,
could not have been used for a fraudulent pur-
pose, unless there is substituted upon the new
list names which do not appear upon the cer-
tified list. Now, so f.11- as the testimony of
the witnesses goes, it appears by the testimony
of three witnesses who have compared the list
that they agree perfectly.
This new list, prepared on the eve of the
election and alphabetized by the first two let-
ters of each name, was never before the com-
mittee. The only manner in which we could
test the question whether there were on that
list names which were not upon the certified
list was to see whether there were on I lie
voters' list names which were not on the cer-
tified list and not on the original list. That
examination we have made with great care,
and we find that there is a variance in the
spelling of 14i names, but the committee
have no doubt as to 124 of these 144, that
the names are identical. Sometimes the va-
riances are very slight; sometimes they are
greater ; but on both the original and the
certilied list the residences of the voters aie
given; so that in cases of inconsiderable
variance the residence determines the iden-
tity of the voter; and when we find that
the original list and the voters' list agree, or
the certified list and the voters' list agree, we
can arrive with very great certainty at the
identity of the individual. The committee
have found 124 of these names out of the 144,
leaving 20 which we have been unable to find.
I find that 8 of the substitutions we made were
wrong. They ought to be added to the 20,
making 23. I affirm that the remaining names
have been identified.
Now, sir, on the list of those voting for the
contestant there were 70 names allowed, and
of these names the contestant has furnished
corresponding names for 67. Of those 1 find
8 voted in their own names ; 4 are not pre-
tended to be accounted for; 21 names are left
wholly unaccounted for.
1 wish, now, to refer to a statement of the
minority report. It is as follows:
"But. singularly enough, they say, 'The commit-
tee are unable to find the names oi those voting for
the contestant,' 'German idioms;' 'bad spelling;'
' takingdownnames bysound;' 'copyingnames,' and
consequent liability to mistake, noneot these can be
applied tocure names votingfor eontestantturiiHhod
by contestec. They arc all fraudulent votes, which
the committee are unable to find registered, or even
indicated by similar names."
I wish to say there is nothing in the commit-
tee's report to lead any one to the conclusion
we had rejected any of these votes for the con-
testant ; nor have we done so. What we do
say is, that if the misspelled names are to be
counted for contestant thoy should ba for the
sitting member. The same rule should be ap-
plided to both, and if the rule is fairly applied,
whether these votes shall be counted or re-
jected, the sitting member is clearly elected.
When you consider this poll contains 14,000
names of voters, and remember that when you
change a German name into an English one
by tne sound merely you are liable to change
the initial letter, it is not strange the sitting
member or the contestant has been unable to
find every name. We have found many cases
where the initial letter has been changed.
The reason urged for the rejection of 18 votes
for the sitting member in precinct No. 25 is
that these voters were never registered. I
only intend to state the conclusions of the
committee, not the evidence in detail. It is
alleged that this number of names on the voters'
list was not lound on the certified list, or on
the original list. The committee have found
the names of 17, from which ought to be
deducted 1, which subsequent examination
showed had voted in his own name, and it
is therefore used properly as a substitute, leav-
ing 10. This leaves <mly 2 votes for the sitting
member in this list of 18 not fully accounted
for.
In precinct No. 26 the number of voters'
names given by come'-tant which are alleged
to have been unregis'ered is 01; correspond
ing names found on registry list by eonimince.
52; unaccounted for. 9 ; mimes on voteis' li:,t
voting for contestant, not found iu the same
form on registry list, 5si; corresponding names
pointed out on registered list by contestant,
32; unaccounted for, 24. Precinct No. 27,
number of names in voters' list voting for con-
testant, claimed to be unregistered, 47 ; num-
ber of names found by committee on registry
list, 30; unaccounted for, 17; committee show
on voters' list, 47 ; voters for contestant not
registered in some form, corresponding names
found by contestant, 22; unaccounted tor, 20.
Precinct No. 28, contestant's list, 44 ; toundby
committee, 39 ; unaccounted for, 8 ; com-
mittee's listof unregistered votersfor contest-
ant, 52 ; corresponding names given by con-
testant,24 ; unaccounted for, 28.
I am aware, sir, that, exception will be taken
to the conclusions of the committee on these
questions ot fact. 1 only wish to.say that the
committee has considered these questions with
great care. I am prepared to vindicate those
conclusions of the committee in relation to
each particular name on the lists which have
been printed by the committee if the same
shall be challenged.
The next question is in relation to the thirty-
seventh precinct. In that precinct the certified
list of registered voters was not returned to the
county clerk as it ought to have been by the
law. It is in proof before the committee that
on the 3d of January next alter the election
this certilied list had not been returned. The
question presented to the committee was
wnether this precinct should be entirely re-
jected because the officer had neglected to
make a return to the county cterk. The com-
mittee find a case which we believe to be
entirely analogous t,o this.' In the case of
Brockenborough vs. Cabell, Contested-Elec-
tion Cast s, page 80, the committee say :
" The law of Fl >rida requires that the return of
votes given ior aRepreseiHar.ivo iu Oongre&s suaii be
returned to tlie secretary otSiateiii uiii'i-ydnys next
alter an election. Your commiUeo deem the pio-
visions ot tlie law ouiy direcioiy, and aie oi.opnnon
be that tlio votes returned alter the thirty daj s .-aouid
counted as> wdi as those returned wmmi that time; a
diii'ereut construction mignt lead to bad results and
tend to defeat the will oi ine peopie ; a ui dcreut. cin-
struction would permit a eon ut t onieer  o deie;xt uie
voice ot a majority by ins rciusal to make tne re-
turns, It would suoject the wuiot the majority to
be deteated by an aecident-vil loss ot the returns "
That reasoning applies precisely to this case.
To uilow the ruie contended for by the con-
testant would result ui this: that it for two
mouths subsequent to the election the officer
should neglect to return a certilied list to tne
proper otlUe the election would be uuihiied.
f uar, would place it 111 the power of uu officer
to defeat the will of the people; or in cu&e of
the loss ot the certilied copy by any means
the same result would tollow. i nis would be
directly contrary to the rule always auop^ed
by the House in relation to such questions,
ihe committee therefore refuse to reject the
vote of the thirty-seventh precinct.
it is contended that the election precincts
were arbitrarily arranged by the frieuUb of the
sitting member, and thereby a lair vote was
absolutely prevented, in relation to Uiut ques-
tion i am ol opinion myself that four of those
precincts were so arranged that the whole
number of votes couid not be polied. But if
| those four precincts were rejected the result
would be that the majority ot the sitting mem-
ber would be increased. Nor ought they to
be rejected, because there is no evidence that
they were so arranged for any fraudulent par-
pose, or for the purpose ot preventing the
polling of the vote.
_ It will l e seen that the vote was polled under
circumstances of very great difficulty. iSeurch-
iug lor the names of foreigners oa the list caused
groat delay, if the list hud been propfciiy aiplra-
