1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4337
betized, the names might have been found and
the votes given in. The whole number of votes
in these precincts was much less than is often
polled in precincts where only English names
are to be found, and they are properly alpha-
betized. It was an error of the law which has
been corrected by the Legislature of Missouri,
but which operated to keep out about as many
men who offered to vote for the sitting mem-
ber as who offered to vote for the contestant.
This is known from the fact that after sundown
votes were received in three of these precincts.
In two of them the sitting member received a
majority, and in one of them the contestant
received a majority of the votes cast after sun-
down. It is apparent thatabout as many friends
of the sitting member as of the contestant were
prevented from voting. Be this as it may, the
Legislature of the State of Missouri gave to
the county the right to arrange these voting
precincts. They arranged them in their dis-
cretion. That arrangement cannot be revised
by this House. If, indeed, there was such a
fraudulent arrangement of voting precincts as
to deprive the community of the right of suf-
frage, it might call for the setting aside of the
election in the entire district; but such a state
of facts was not made to appear before the com-
mittee. It was an experiment which worked
badly, perhaps, but which has been remedied
by the only competent authority.
I come now to the night voting in three pre-
cincts. In two of those precincts the sitting
member received a majority, and in the other
the contestant received a majority. In one
precinct where the sitting member received 4G
majority the vote was counted by the returning
officers, and in the other two precincts the vote
was rejected. The law of Missouri requires
that the polls shall be held open until sunset.
In the two precincts where the vote was rejected
the polls were regularly closed under all the
forms of law at sunset and were opened again
with partial notice to the voters after sunset.
In the other precinct the poll was not closed
at sunset, but was continued open after sunset,
and the sitting member received 46 majority in
that precinct.
The committee have expressly refrained from
deciding whether that 46 majority ought to be
credited to the sitting member or not. Nor
would it make any difference in the result
whether it was counted or not. But they do
decide that where the polls were closed at
sunset and afterward opened on partial notice
to the voters, the votes taken after that time
cannot in any event be counted.
But, sir, it is alleged—and that is the last
point to which I shall refer—that many men
who were registered were not allowed to vote
because their names were not found on the
registry list. Now, the reason of that is appar-
ent in what I have heretofore stated. The fact,
which is true, that many men who were regis-
tered were refused an opportunity to vote, be-
cause their names could not be found, demon-
strates the other proposition that the lists were
so arranged that it was difficult to find the
names, and that the names were so changed
in spelling and sound as to render it very diffi-
cult to find them on the certified list. The
contestant has presented a list of 129 men who
were properly entitled to vote, but whose votes,
it is alleged, were rejected by the judges of elec-
tion. In reference to that matter I have only
to say that upon a careful examination I find
that as to a large number of the 129 it does not
appear from the testimony for whom they
would have voted if they had voted at all. it
appears, also, that some of the men on this
list of 129 actually did vote. The number of
men who, it is proved, would have voted for
the contestant, but were prevented from voting,
was 71. Assuming their votes to have been
improperly rejected, the number is too few to
overcome the majority for the sitting member,
after making all deductions. The committee,
therefore, conclude that in any view of the
case that can possibly be taken the sitting
member is entitled to his seat.
Having stated as briefly as I can the reasons
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 212.
which have governed the action of the com-
mittee, I will leave the further discussion to
the gentlemen personally interested.
At the conclusion of his remarks,
Mr. COOK offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and adopted :
Jicsolvcd, That the contestant he permitted to ad-
dress the Mouse in support of his cfaims to a, seat,
subject to the rules of the House.
Mr. HOGAN, (contestant.) Mr. Speaker, I
am very much obliged to the House for this per-
mission given me to vindicate, not myself only,
but the right of the people of' the first congres-
sional district of Missouri to be represented
here by the man of their choice. I come to the
investigation of this question with a desire not
to inflict upon the House at this period of this
session a lengthy argument, but merely to recur
to some points which have been presented by
the majority of the committee, as I conceive,
without any wish to derogate from their integ-
rity or character, presented under great mis-
apprehension. I wish to correct those state-
ments, to present a few points, and then leave
the whole matter to the decision of this House
of Representatives.
There are very manypoiuts in this case that
might be presented to the consideiatiou of
this House. Under existing circumstances I
design to confine myself to as few of them as
willpossibly give a succinct and tolerably clear
idea of the nature of this contest. Iam amazed
that the learned gentlemen who compose the
Committee of Elections, lawyers as they are,
should assume for one moment, in the contem-
plation of the law and constitution of Missouri
that it is in the power of anybody except those
authorized by law to make lists of voters for
any purpose. The constitution of Missouri is
not one of my making, nor was it made by or
in the interest of the party to which I belong.
Nor was this registration made by us or for our
interest, but made exclusively to preclude the
votes of the majority, and to put the power of
allowing votes into the hands of partisans con-
stituting only a minority of the people of the
State. It was so made that we—those I mean
with whom I am connected in Missouri—
should have nothing to say about it. I do not
so much complain of the majority for doing
that, they had the power if not the right. But
the gentleman from the eighth district of Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin-]—when my friend Mr.
Switzler was trying, but unsuccessfully, to
obtain his seat here—contended that the county
of Callaway should be thrown out because the
returns did not conform to the registration law
of Missouri. He also arraigned the majority
of the Committee of Elections for allowing a
report in favor of Mr. Switzler, while the law
of Missouri was not complied with.
Now, however, it is a horse of another color.
There is another party now ; and there is to be
another tune played upon this " harp of a
thousand strings." And nowa palpable, direct,
positive, well-known, and admitted violation
of the law is merely a little bit of a matter to
facilitate voting. And things are assumed in
reference to which there is not one scintilla of
evidence.
Now, why is it that in this thirtieth precinct
such a terrible effort should be made to furnish
a properly alphabetized voting list? The list
furnished by the register was of just about the
same character as the list furnished by the other
registers of the district. So far as this book
of testimony goes there is but one of them
alphabetized on the second letter. There are
four of them in which there were many more
votes to be given than there were at this thirtieth
precinct, where there is such an anxiety to get
a list better alphabetized. Why was this done,
and why the anxiety now to fix up this matter
so as to conform to the wishes of the sitting
member? The list was fixed up so that that
vote could be polled in the interest of the party |
of the sitting member, and illegally increase !
his majority there. < !
Now, the law of the State of Missouri says
that the sworn officers ofthelaw, appointed by
the Governor, shall make out this list of voters.
He comes forward and he makes it. It is
furnished to these gentlemen according to the
law.
Nor is it true in fact that he did not have
ample time to prepare that list and to prepare
it aright. The election was held on the 6th
of November. The certified list furnished to
the county clerk is dated October 29, that is, six
days before election, at least, the list was pre-
pared. There was no time for the registrarto
furnish the list; but there was ample time for
outside parties to furnish it. Now, the law
says explicitly tha,t the registrar shall furnish
this list and certify it. The registrar is the
sworn officer whose duty it is to do this thing.
No one else is allowed to do it. Will you in
this House sanction the gathering together of
a half dozen men in a private room a night or
two before the election in order to fix up a list
to vote by ? By whom was this prepared? By
the registrar? No, sir, not by the registrar.
The registrar was not further off from the place
where this private caucus was held than from
here to the Senate Chamber. Yet while hours
were being employed by these men in making
up a v«ting list this sworn registering officer
was not called to be present and see what was
being done with his list. The House will
please note this. Why the secret conclaye of
unknown persons for an illegal purpose ? Why
exclude therefrom their own partisan, their
chosen sworn officer? Is it not palpable fraud
and wrong were to be perpetrated by unsworn
persons, hence they did not wish the presence
of a lawful, a sworn officer ?
But the gentleman from Illinois in his argu-
ment just now has said that there is no evi-
dence that that list was not as fair and as com-
plete as the one furnished by the registrar; but
m the very same argument he showed that it
was not; for he said that there were at least
twenty-lour men who voted there whose names
he could not find upon that list, nor any sub-
stitutes therefor. How came they there? I
say there are one hundred and fifty men voting
there who are not on that list certified by the
registering officer to the judges, and which list
was remade by others; and thegentleman who
makes the report admits that the names of
twenty-five of them cannot be found after all
the investigation he has given to this question.
How did they get a chance to vote? Their
names are not on the list furnished by the
registrar, nor any name that is in any way anal-
ogous to them. On the original register you
cannot find any name analogous to them.
According to the constitution of Missouri no
man who is not registered is allowed to vote.
How did these twenty-five men vote? If they
are not on the original, nor yet on the certified
copy, how did they get to vote, unless their
names are upon the list furnished by these
outsiders, and which list was illegally used by
the judges? The gentleman himself admits
that there are twenty-five whose names he
cannot find at all; and as to many more of
them he does not lind analogous names which
should be so substituted; besides, some six-
teen of those he thus substitutes voted in their
own proper names, thus adding this many
more to those not found.
Now, let me illustrate the analogy in some
of these names. I furnished a list of names and
! the committee go to work and exemplify the
! names which they say are analogous to those
that I furnished. Now, I desire to direct the
attention of members to some of these names,
and these not perhaps the worst, furnished by
the committee in substitution for the names I
charge as those of fraudulent voters. Here is
an example. One man voted as "H'y Mullen-
horse." The name they say this is intended
for is "Henrieh Killinghorst." Now, is there
not a striking analogy between these two names?
If a man came up and gave his name as Hen-
rich Killinghorst, even though he spoke Ger-
man, would any intelligent clerk write that
name "H'y Jlullenhorse." Is not this a very
striking exemplifieationoftheanalogy of names?
But they say that this man's name, when he
voted, was taken down by the sound. Now,
