lsea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1265
for that at some future time. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, this question has been argued from the
beginning as if the parties to the controversy
were Mr. Thomas and the Senate of the United
States. I do not so regard it. It seems to me
the higher and truer parties are the State of
Maryland and the Government of the United
States. The question, as it presents itself to
my mind, is not so much whether Mr. Thomas
has a fixed right to take a seat here as it is
whether the State of Maryland has the author-
ity to elect him and send him hero. If he is
legally qualified, legally competent to take a
seat here, then it seems to me Maryland, being
a State, can elect and send him here. If he
has not those legal qualifications Maryland
has no right to send him here. If he has those
legal qualifications—Maryland, passing upon
the question of his personal qualifications,
thinks them sufficient, thinks them proper—
and we still exclude him, in spite of the wish
of Maryland, we must exclude him upon con-
sideration of something besides lus legal quali-
fications, and we do undertake, as it seems to
me, to revise the decision of the Slate of Alary-
land upon the question of his personal qualifi-
cations. These, tuo, it seems to me, constitute
the sum of the qualifications of everybody.
It was argued by the Senator from Vermont
that we have jurisdiction over the whole ques-
tion of a man s legal and personal qualifica-
tions. If we have, it seems to me we are the
elective body. He has cited no clause from
the Constitution which confers that power
upon us. He argues it from the usage of the
House of Commons. The House of Commons
is sitting as a legislative body in a country
without a written constitution or a writlen law
which imposes any limits upon the powers of
that body. We are silting and legislating under
a Constitution which does impose limits, re-
strictions upon the power of each House, upon
the power of both Houses, upon the powers
of the different States ; and I cannot conceive
that we have all the authority vested in us in
the two Houses which does exist in the Par-
liament of Great Britain, or that either of
these Houses has all the authority which be-
longs to the several Houses of that legislative
body.
A great many questions have been put; ex-
treme cases have been suggested; and I was
asked when I offered a few suggestions upon
this point before whether I would admit this
man or that man or the other man who had
been engaged in flagrant rebellion against the
Government of the United States. Gentle-
men said to me, suppose Mississippi weie again
to be admitted to the right of sending Senators
here, and should send Mr. Davis, would you
admit him ? I said, yes. I do not very often
avow a principle that I am not willing to fol-
low to its legitimate consequences. I said yes.
I say when you remit to Mississippi the right
to choose Senators you make her the judge of
the men who are best qualified to represent
her. It is your act; you remit to her the con-
stitutional prerogative of selecting her own
Senators, subject to the conditions which the
Constitution imposes. That is my idea; and
if you would wish to be secure and mean to be
secure against the entrance of that class of
men you must not remit these prerogatives to
those rebellious communities until those re-
bellions communities resolve to be represented
by loyal men.
But I meet the question by another answer.
Suppose Mr. Davis should remove from Mis-
sissippi to some of the new Territories that you
may admit hereafter as States, or suppose he
should remove to the State of Massachusetts,
and Massachusetts should become of the opin-
ion a few years hence that Mr. lJavis was the
best fitted of all the men in that State to advo-
cate her peculiar ideas of labor, of industry,
and of society in the Senate of the United
States, and should elect him, and send hitn !
lime: would the Senate exclude him? Clearly,
if you acted upon the ideas avowed here, you
would have to exclude him ; and upon whom
would the punishment fall then tor Mr. Davis's
40th (!ox(i. 'lu Xo. RO.
treason committed years ago? Upon him or
upon the State of Massachusetts?
Mr. CONNES3. Upon him, of course.
Mr. HOWE. Upon Massachusetts, I say
necessarily, because you punish Massachusetts
by disabling her from sending here the man she
deems best capable and the best qualified to
represent her. She asks the right to select
him ; she does selcct him ; and you deny her
the right to be represented by him, and shut the
door of the Senate Chamber against the man
whom Massachusetts chooses. It seems to me
that Massachusetts is punished, and not Mr.
Davis, unless you hold the right of the indi-
vidual to sit here to be paramount to, and more
sacred than, the right of a State to be repre-
sented here.
Mr. CONNESS. With the indulgence of
my friend, I will suggest to him at this point
that in the utmost of the case he presents the
punishment of the State would extend to the
denial of the right of her first choice to enter
here. That would be the extent of the pun-
ishment ; and if she had a million of popula-
tion, all the rest might be selected from to fur-
nish the material for another Senator.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator has stated the
extent of the punishment very accurately ; but,
then, as he states it, it goes to the whole ex-
tent of disqualifying Massachusetts, of disabling
her, of depriving her of the constitutional right,
which is to have her first choice, and not her
second or her third. But when the Senate has
assumed to itself the power under the Consti-
tution, or rather an inherent power not named
in tlie Constitution, of denying to a State its
first choice, can you not find in the same cellar
the power to deny the second and the third
choice? And can you not find in tlie same
depository, uncertain as it is, undefined as it
is, the authority to say that she .shall be repre-
sented of course, because she is a State, but
shall be represented only upon the condition
that she shall not take Jones nor Davis nor
Brown, but shall take only White?
Mr. CONNESS. My friend again permits
me to say a single word. I am glad he has
given his attention to the point -which he calls
the inherent power. Now, he and I will agree
if he will only admit that that inherent power
exists in this Government and in this body as
a part of this Government, for the protection
and safety of the Union and of the people,
that there is such a tiling as an inherent power
and the right in us to exercise it.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have not
admitted any such inherent power, and I am
not prepared to admit any such inherent power,
becuuse I do not belie\e in any such inherent
power. I believe this body and the other
House are created by written laws, by a written
power of attorney, and that every authority
we have or can rightfully exercise is defined in
that instrument; and when in our eagerness
to do a good or a bad thing we go outside of
the powers prescribed to us in that letter of
attorney, we are acting without authority and
without warrant. Whenever I see a Senator,
or a Senate, or a Legislature, going outside of
the written authority to do what. I conceive to
be a good thing, I do not make much fuss about
it, to be sure, but after all the fact is just the
same that you have only certain authorities to
do either good or bad things, and you are out-
side of the letter just as much if you do not
find the particular authority named in it when
you attempt to do a good thing as when you
attempt to do a bad thing. I am not finding
any fault with those who are trying to keep out
Mr. Thomas, because I have no hungering or
thirsting after Mr. Thomas as a representative
here. 1 am trying as well as I can to call
special attention to the reasons which have
hitherto precluded me from going very closely
and very carefully into the consideration of
Mr. Thomas's personal or political fitness for a
seat here.
Mr. President. Mr. Thomas is arraigned be-
fore the Senate upon a general charge of dis-
loyalty. That the Constitution means to have
loyal men in the Senate and in the other House,
I admit. It was a special point made by the
framers of the Constitution that we should have
such men. They did not take any particular
security to have men of good character here,
but they did provide some security for having
men who were loyal and true to the Govern-
ment and Constitution. What was that? They
provided in the Constitution that every man
before he should take a seat here should swear
before the Senate and before his Maker that
he would be loyal and true, that he would sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, not
that he had done so.
The makers of the Constitution did not seem
to think it of the utmost importance or of vital
importance that a man always should have
been loyal in order to be a Senator or a Rep-
resentative, but that it was of vital importance
that he should be loyal after he had taken his
seat, and therefore they required him to take
an oath that he would, be loyal. The • men
who made the Constitution seemed to think
that that was security enough; and I judge
that they thought so, because that is all the
security they took ; but the Legislature of the
United States seems to have thought that was
inadequate, and therefore the Legislature has
provided that in addition to the oath that the
member,shall support the Constitution he
shall swear, in substance, that he always has
supported it, or that he has always been loyal,
or that he has never adhered to the enemies
of the country, or given them aid and comfort.
I raise no question now upon the power of
Congress to so enact; but there is where the
Constitution has left the question; there is
where Congress has left it; there is the only
security that both those bodies, the framers
of the Constitution and Congress, have seen
fit to ask for the loyalty of a Senator or Rep-
resentative.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire, with the Sena-
tor's leave, to put a case to him briefly. Jesse
D. Bright was once a Senator of the United
States and sitting in this body; he was a Sen-
ator from the State of Indiana. He was
expelled from this body for a specific cause
known by every one. Within a few days he
was a candidate for the United States Senate
iu the State of Kentucky, where he has recently
taken up his residence, and he came very near
an election, as the newspapers tell us. If he
had been elected by the State of Kentucky
what would the Senator do, under the exist-
ence of, if you please, an inherent power, if
| there bo any such in this body, which, how-
| ever, the Senator denies, to keep itself purged
i against such men? Suppose he had come
i here with a commission from Kentucky, I ask
i the Senator to reconcile his present position
j with the refusal to him of admission into this
body. I do not cite this case for the purpose
; of puzzling my friend, because I have great
| respect for his judgment, and I know that he
• always brings to a good judgment a clear and
i independent conscience. But I desire to call
| his attention to the necessity of a little more
j liberality of construction than he is now en-
j gaged in giving us, under the Constitution of
j the United States, upon questions of this char-
! acter.
j Mr. HOWE. I can well conceive that tlie
i Senator did not put that question with any view
! of puzzling me, because it is impossible that I
i could be puzzled by it. When Mr. Bright was
j expelled from the Senate I voted for his cxpul-
! sion ; but I have no more doubt that if Mr.
i Bright were to come here to-morrow with cre-
dentials from Kentucky in his pocket I should
vote to let him in, if the question were put to
me, than I have 
Mr. SUMNER. He could not take the oath.
Mr. HOWE. I would let him try, as I said
the other day ; I would refer that question to
him whether he could take the oath or not.
What I might do then, upon a question of ex-
pulsion, is another matter. The pointto which
I wish Senators to give their attention is that
the power of expulsion is one thing and rests
in one tribunal, and the authority to admit or
to try these questions of legal qualifications is
