1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2289
By Mr. WINDOM: A concurrent resolution
of the Legislature of Minnesota, relating to the
vatnraiization of foreigners.
Also, a joint resolution, relative to the Fort
Ridgley military reservation.
Also, a joint resolution, relating to the im-
provement of the Minnesota river.
Also, a joint resolution, relating to the im-
provement of the Wisconsin and the Fox
rivers.
Also, a joint resolution, relating to the Now
Ulm mill claims.
Also, a joint resolution, relating to an ap-
propriation to construct a wagon-road through
southern Dakota to the Missouri river.
Also, a joint resolution, iti relation to the
transfer of the Territories between Minnesota
and Alaska to the Dominion of Canada, and
requesting the confirmation of the purchase
of Alaska.
Also, a memorial, in relation to the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Waseca to Albert
Lea.
Also, a memorial, for the establishment of a
mail route from Jackson, Jackson county, to
ReiJ Wrood Falls, Red Wood county.
Also, a memorial, in relation to the estab-
lishment of mail routes and post offices in
certain counties.
Also, a memorial, asking a grant of land to
aid in the construction of the Minnesota and
Northwestern railroad.
Also, a memorial, for a grant of land to aid
in the construction of the Chatfield Branch
railroad.
Also, a memorial, relating to a mail route
from Lime Springs to Spring Valley.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 10, 18G8.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Okay, D. D.
impeachment of the president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As all
legislative business is suspended, nothing re-
mains but for the chair to be vacated that
jthe Chief Justice of the Supreme Court may
preside.
The President pro tempore thereupon vacated
the chair, and the Senate proceeded to the trial
of the impeachment of President Johnson. *
The Senate, sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment, having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the chair
at five o'clock and twenty-two minutes p. m.
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the llouse had signed the
enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 217) for
the relief of Beals & Dixon ; and it was signed
by the President pro tempore.
On motion of Mr. Coxkhxg, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 10, 1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
By unanimous consent the reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. William
J. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informed the
House that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, House joint resolution No. 217,
for the relief of Beals & Dixon.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed, with amendments, to the
amendment of the House to Senate bill No.
389, exempting property in the District of
Columbia, held and used for school purposes,
from local taxation: in which amendments
the concurrence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills and a joint resolution
of the following titles, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
Aa act (S. No. 151) for the relief o-f Gold,-
IQXttCMJG. 2li&ESS*—No. 144.
smith Brothers, of the cities of San Francisco,
California, and Portland, Oregon, brokers ;
An act (S. No. 2ol) for the relief of Captain
Charles N. Goulding, late quartermaster of
volunteers;
An act (S. No. 430) for the relief of James
Hooper;
An act (S. No. -150) relative to filing reports
of railroad companies ;
An act (S. No. 452) for the relief of Parker
Quince;
An act (S. No. 404) in relation to the quali-
fication of jurors;
An act (S. No. 407) to confirm an entry of
land by Moses F. Shinn;
An act (S. No. 473) for the relief of Charles
E. Capehart;
An act (S. No. 474) for the relief of Captain
Dan. Ellis ;
An act (S. No. 470) for the relief of H. D.
McKinney ;
An-act (S. No. 477) for the relief of Charles
C. O'Neill; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 128) for the
relief of George B. Ilalstead.
unexpended appropriations.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be directed to inquire into the expediency of defin-
ing more accurately the time and the manner of car-
rying unoxpended appropriations to the surplus fund
and covering tl!e same into the Treasury.
navigation of iowa river.
Mr. LOUGIIRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, presented a memorial of the General
Assembly of the State of Iowa, asking that
the Iowa river be declared not navigable from
the city of Wapello north; which .was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. 11. No. 100a) to declare the Iowa
river, in the State of Iowa, unnavigable above
the city of Wapello, Louisa county, Iowa;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
lake washington coal company.
Mr. FLANDERS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1004) granting
the right of way to the Lake Washington Coal
Company, in King county, in the Territory of
Washington ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution (II.
II. No. 217) for the relief of Beals & Dixon ;
when the Speaker signed the same.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. There are several execu-
tive communications, and a variety of other
matters which have accumulated upon the table
of the Speaker, and which should be disposed
of by reference to committees, &c. In order,
however, not to delay the Senate, the Chair
will defer laying them before the House until
after the return of the Committeeofthe Whole
to the Hall of the House.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Isuppose
no other business will then be transacted.
The SPEAKER. None but that of which
"the Chair hast just given notice.
impeachment of tiib president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
having arrived, the House resolves itself into
the Committee of the Whole, according to
order, to proceed to the bar of the Senate, fol-
lowing the managers and preceded by the chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole, who will be
attended by the Clerk and acting Doorkeeper.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole, in obedience to
the order, and proceeded to the bar of the
Senate.
At five o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m,
the Committee of the Whole returned to the
Hall, and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the managers
to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court of
impeachment for the trial of Andrew Johnson;
progress has been made in the trial, and the
Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment, has
adjourned until twelve o'clock to-morrow,
j. e. reside.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, transmitting a report relative to the
claim of J. E. Reside for services as contractoi
in 1808; which were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
bosque uedondo reservation.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting a communication
from the Commissary General of Subsistance
respecting the unsuitableness of the Bosque
Redondo reservation, in New Mexico, for the
location of Navajo Indians, &c.; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
fort point, san francisco.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting information as t,o the
unfinished condition of the sea-wall at Fort
Point, San Francisco, and suggesting an appro-
priation for its completion; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
bounties.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the amount of public
land necessary to meet the requirements of
House bill No. 040, to equalize the bounties
of soldiers, sailors, and marines who served in
the late war for the Union, in the event of
its becoming a law; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
texas telegraph.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting a communication
from the commander of the fifth military dis-
trict, relative to the construction of a military
telegraph as auxiliary to the defense of the
Texas frontier; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
port leavenworth reservation.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, relative to leasing a portion of the
Fort Leavenworth military reservation for coal
mining purposes ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
provisional government of crete.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
he has been requested to lay before the House
an address of the National Assembly of the
Provisional Government of Crete, asking Con-
gress for recognition, for aid to secure the com-
plete emancipation and independence of the
island, and for instructions by the United States
to their minister at Constantinople to cooperate
with ministers of European Powers who are
active with the Sublime Porte in behalf of Crete.
Mr. BANKS. That ought to come to us
through the proper executive department.
The SPEAKER. It is addressed directly to
the Congress of the United States.
Mr. BANKS. Such papers should come to
us through the State Department. Communi-
cations from foreign Governments always como
to us in that way.
Mr. KELSEY. I suppose any foreign Gov-
ernment has the right to petition the Congress
of the United States,,
_ Mr. BANKS. No petition fvc\vd any for-
eign Government ought W received by tha
Houso of Renr^vuufrtivea except through the
proper.
