8200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April Id,
The SPEAKER, If there be objection the
Chair will withdraw it*
Mr. BANKS. I do not object.
Thp SPEAKER. If there be no objection
it will be referred to the Committeeon Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed; and as it
i§. interesting in giving the history of the origin
of the troubles in Crete the translation will be
printed in the Globe.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The paper is as follows:
To lion. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the House of
•Representatives of the United States of America:
Honorable Sir: We havo tho honor to forward
you the inclosed document, begging that you would
be pleased to arrange for its reading before the mem-
bers of tho honorablo body over which you preside,
and inform us of the result.
In anticipation of your goodness^ to comply with
our request, wo tako this opportunity to express to
you oar gratitude.
Wo remain with tho highest respect the membors
of tho National Assembly of the Provisional Govern-
ment of Crete.
At St. John of Mklopotamus,
February 18, (N. S. March 1,) 18t>8.
The Members of the General Assembly of Crete,
Tho President, Pang Ser- N. Mantakales.
pake*. Con. Protopapadakes.
Vice President, Pant. S. Peter Papadakes.
Stratoudakcs. K. P. Bouloudakes.
Paithenios Peredes. G. Giannoulakes.
A. Manou«ieles. A. Griphakes,
Jos. UaUiliousoBoubou- N. Ivapetanakes.
bakes. A. Papagianakes.
N. Spheniadakes. A. M. Frangakes.
Andrew Polentakes. Leonidas Goo. Loglos.
A. J. Poloyancs. ^ M. Johnnakes,
Stclcanos J. Demetri- K. Dovogas,
kakes. A. T. Trickles.
A. '/j. Bouboulakes. J. Oh. Mancoudakes.
A. Berakes. Alex. Markakes.
A. P.ipa George. A. Tellianakos.
Gregory Praugondakcs. John Fiotakes.
John Kokalakes. Gregory Proegouraenos.
M. Mistakes. _ A. Stamathiondakes,
Alex, Stephanides. J. Papagianakes.
A. K. Pattakos. Oh. Papa George.
Anto. Papadogianakes. Secretary of tho General
Anag. Kaseiakas. Assembly, Maximus D.
  ' afa
N. Trikoics.
Daskalakes.
Members of the Provisional Government of Crete.
N. M. Stamatakes. Con. Em. Sarolites,
Ni Nicouloudes. The General Secretary of
Aris. Kalo'idas. the Provisional Govern-
Oh. N. Karatanakes. mont, Leonidas Geo, Lo-
A. Panayotakes. gios.
To the Souse of Representatives
of the United State*/ of America :
Honokablk Gentlemen: During the Greek revo-
lution of 1821 the Cretans fought.for nine long years—
that is, a year more than the rest of tho Greeks.
They fought not only the armiesof the Sultan, hut
ttl^o tho-40 of Mahomet Ali, tho viceroy of E^ypt.
When the three allied Powers undertook to estab-
lish peace between Greece and Turkey tho Cretans
had in their power not only the whole country, but
alfco tho two forts, namely, that of Kissaiuos and of
Grauibousa, which wore the strongest, while the Turks
held only three other forts, namely, Chania, ltethem-
nos, and Her&oleum. Yet the Cretans were doomed
unworthy of the liberty lor which their country had
been desolated and half of their number .slain.
The allied Powers, not satisfied with condemning
the Cretans to the most abjeet slavery, forced them
also to give up tho fort of Grambousa, which they
held. The only change made in the fortunes of the
Christians of Crete was a change of masters. They
were transferred from the yoke of the Sultan to that
of Mahomet Ali, viceroy of Egypt. They promised
solemnly that they would protect tho Christiaubfroui
all acts of lawlessness and oppression from the Turkish
Government, and that they would aid them in the
amelioration of their future state.
The new yoke to which the Cretans were now sub-
jected, although less oppressive a-s regards personal
liberty, was more galling in its system of taxation.
The viceroy endeavored toonforce at Crute tho same
cruel measures which were already operating in
Kgypt.
iSuch measures, however, became insupportable to
the Cretans, who had. suffered everything during the
war of independence; therefore in 183J they assem-
bled, unarmed, outside ot Chania, in order to draw
up a petition whereby they might exprej-s, respect-
fully, their complaints to the local authorities. The
wily governor, by false promises, succeeded in per-
suading the people to disperse, and then seized about
seventy of the leading men, whom he hung on the
olive trees iu the village of Mournies.
The Cretans, depressed by the cruelties and injus-
tice of the viecroy, and seeing no practical fulfillment
of the promises m;ide by the allies, embraced the
first onpoitunity, when the Sultan and Mahomet Ali
w«'ie at war in 1311. to resort once again to arms.
Butala-*' somooi the great Powers interfered in
boh: If of tho Sultan, while two others, disagreeing
arnoiiu' themselves, caused even this offort to fail.
One wished to sec Crete a principality and the other
desired to see it attached to Greecc. After this the
Cretans were once again subjected to the yoke ofthe
Sultan, and the oppression which they have sinoe
suffered from the different governors appointed by
the Sultan is beyond description. .
The Cretans beingnaturally a freedom-loving peo-
ple could not long bear such servitude, therefore, m
1858, they made another more cautious ellort for re-
lief. They assembled quietly, without arms, and drew
up a petition to the Sultan, begging to bo relieved
from the oppressive system of taxation, and from
other abuses to which they had been subjected. The
Sultan, in order to quiet them, granted to the Cre-
tans, by vague edicts, certain privileges, namely,
that they should have courts, the members ot which
were to be elected by tho inhabitants; tnatthemuni-
cipal officers also were to be chosen by the people;
also, taxes were regulated and agreed upon. But while
these privileges were on the one hand granted, on
the other they were allowed to bo violated in the
most shameful manner. Neither tho courts nor the
municipal olliccrs were ever elected freely by tho
people, but, instead, they'wero compelled to accept
such candidates as were recommended by tho Pasha.
The testimony of Christians was also rejected at
court, and those injured could seldom obtain justice.
Theso acts of treachery forced the people to resort
to almost desperato measures. Many of the less in-
telligent, though londly attached to tho roligion of
thoir father?, were almost induced to accept the prop-
ositions of the agents of popery, who, taking advan-
tage of the people's distress, urged them to rocognize
tho Pope as the head of tho Church, promising that,
by this step, they would secure tho powerful protec-
tion of Koine. Tho Papal agents so represented the
ease to the people as to make them think that such
an acknowledgment would in no way interfere with
their own belief. But even this measure has failed,
inasmuch as the Sublime Porte hastened to deelaro
that it would, on no aceount, respect such a protection.
Rome, by the way, had never holdout to the people
any such inducements, while thopeoplo by this time
had begun to seethatsucharccognition wouldroilect
on their own faith.
Tho evils which tho Cretans suffered woro not lim-
ited to taxation and thonon-execution of justice, but
extonded to the most lawful and simple wishes of the
people.
1. Tho Government refused to repair roads which
had become dangerous for travelers.
2. Oil could not.be landed at any port except those
under the forts, and so the farmer was compelled to
make long and dangerous journeys.
3. They were denied commercial banks where the
farmer might borrow money at a regulated rate, and
thus be delivered from the extortion of the avaricious
oil merchant who invariably secured the oil at less
than half its value.
4. They were refused common schools, so indispen-
sable to their prosperity, although thopeopleproposcd
to defray all expenses.
5. Tho personal libcrtiesof Christian subjects were
disregarded, and persons seized and held as prisoners
at the pleasure and caprice of the local authorities.
6. Public taxes were increased to Mich an extent
that tho tax was often above the value of tho product.
7. Tho Government forbado all private enterprise
in tho manufacture of salt, and compelled tho people
to purchase from the Government at one franc per
oke.
Those, and many other acts of oppression which we
omit to enumerate at present, compelled the people
to assemble in May, 1860, in the province of Cydonia,
and there draw up another petition expressing their
complaints most respectfully to the 8ubVnnc Porto,
begging it especially that they might be allowed the
privileges once gran ted to them.
The Hultan, after three months' silence, replied to
them through the local authorities, condemning tho
movement and requesting them to disperse, threat-
ening that in caso they refused he would disperse
them by force, which evidently was being prepared
during this period ot silence.
The Cretans, now losing all hoj>o of ever receiving
redress, and seeing at the same time some Christians
imprisoned without cause and otheis secretly mur-
dered. decided as a hist resort to tako up arms and
thus defend their rights and their lives. Suon after,
through a(Jencral Assembly, chosen at the outset, tho
Cretans declared their purpose of throwing oft' tho
yoko of the Sultan, and took for their watchword
"Union with Greece or death."
Such, in brief, is the history of the beginning of
the present struggle between the Cretan Christians
and the Turks.
A year and a half is nearly gone, and tho inhuman-
ities practiced by the Turks against the Christians
are beyond description.
They have burned the Christian's dwelling and his
harvests of corn, plundered his property, hewn down
his orchards profaned his churches, abused even his
cemeteries by exhuming the dead and scattering
them everywhere that they might become the prey
of crows and dogs. They have butchered in cold
blood the innocents, ravished in a mostfiendish man-
ner the gentle and harmless, tortured the strong, and
committed other acts of barbarity in order to gratify
their passions; in short, they have been guilty of
atrocities as yet unwritten in theannalsof the world.
Some of these acts are recorded by name and with
particulars in the inclosed copies of " The Hellas,"
and in the future we will provide you with a list of
the pecuniary losses suffered thus tar by the Chris-
tians, as measures have already been taken to ascer-
tain the facts from official and reliable sources.
Tho Cretans, however, have not only to contend
against the evils aireadynjentioncd, but also against
hunger and nakedness, which havo cut down thou-
sands of men. women, and children. Yet in spite of all
this they are determined to suffer anything rather'
than submit again to the yoke of such a fearful dos-
^Irforder that they may more effectually fight the
common enemy of thoir country, they have taken
measures to transport those whom they love to free
Greece.
No one can foresee theextent or degreeof sufferings
and losses to which they will be subjected in future, as
they have no adequate means of support; they have
not the fleet needed to dislodge the Turks from the
forts where they are fortified. The whole island,
except the forts and softie entrenchments, is in the
hands ofthe Christians, and this is the reason why
the provincial officers, latpl.vappointedby tho Grand
Vizier, cannot reach their destination at the seat of
their respective provinces.
The Cretans have oi£en represented their suffer-
ings and appealed for aid to the great Powers of
Europe, but as yet no effective measures have been
taken in their behalf. This is owing greatly to tho
differences of opinion and jealousies among those
Powers, not, as some suppose, to the obstacles pre-
sented m consequence of the Mohammedan popula-
tion of tho island. n , ,.L .
Incase Crete becomes free, all the inhabitants,
both Christian aud Turk, will be treated alike and
will enjoy the same privileges; besides, the Moham-
medan Cretans, amounting to fifty or sixty thou-
sand souls, arc from Christian parentage, and it is
very likely that most, if notall of them, willreturn to
their father's faith. We.believe that even to-day, if
they were not shut up in forts and placed under
guard, they would declare themselves in sympathy
with the Christians and against the Turkish Govern?
went, which they hateand publicly curse on account
of the many evils which they have suffered.
Finally, the Cretans appeal to the United Stated
of America, and beg them:
1. To recognize the Provisional Government of
Crete.
2. To pledge the moral and material support of the
noble and freedom-loving people from whom they
have already received many tokens of sympathy.
3. To give their protection, in order to sccure the
complete emancipation and independence ol the
island.
4. Especially that theUnited States ambassadorat
Constantinople be instructed to cooperate with tho
ambassador of those European Powers which are
active with the Sublime Porte in behalf of Crete.
Would that it were written in the reeordsof Divine
Providence that the people ofthe United States had
assisted in tho emancipation of the freedom-loving:
but oppressed people ot Crete—the mother of ancient
civilization; by such an act a new luster would bo
added to the glory which they already enjoy in both
hemispheres.
At St. John of Melopotamus,
February 18, (N. >S'., March 1J lSliy.
The Members of the General Assembly of Crete.
Tho President,Pang. Ser- N* Trikoics.
gakes. N. Mantakakes.
Vice President, Paat. S. Con.*Protopapadakes.
Stratoudakes. Peter Papadakes.
Parthenios Poredes. IC P. Bouloudakes.
A. Manouseles. G. Giannoulaitcs.
Jos.ilatziRousoBoubou- A. Grfyhakes.
bakes. N. Kapetanakes.
N. Spheniadakes. A. Papagianakes.
Andrew Polentakes. A.M. Frangakes.
A«J. Poloyanes. ^ M. Johnftkakes.
Stcleanos J. Bemetri- IC. Devogas.
kakes. A. T. Tsickles.
A. %. Bouboulakes,  ?. Ch. Manoudakes.
A. Berakes. A. Tclconakes.
A. Papa George. Alex. Markakes.
Gregory Frangondajces. John Fiotakc.
Jehn JCokalakcs. Gregory Proegoumenos,
*. A. Stamathioiulakes.
Alex, btephamdes. J. Papagiana&es
Leonidas Geo. Logios. Ch~, Papa George.
A. K. 1 attakos. Secretary of the General
Anto. Papadogianakes. Assembly, Maximus D,
A. Kaselakes. Daskalakes.
Members of the Provisional Government of Crete.
N. M. Stamatakes. Con. Em. Sarolites.
N. Nicouloudes. The General Secretary of
AuriM t; t • the Provisional Govcru-
Ch.N. Kapatanakes. mont, Leonidas Geo.
A. Panayotakes. Loglas.
THANKS TO CONGRESS, ETC.
. SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House joint resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Pennsylvania
returning thanks to the House of Kepresent-
atives and the Secretary of War; which were
referred to the impeachment managers 011 the
part ot the House.
And then (at five o'cloctc and thirty minutes
p. ra.) tho House adjourned.
PETITIONS,. ETC.
Thfe following petitions, &c.,wete presented
under the rule, and referred to the approuriafp
committees: "
By Mr. F13RRTSS ; A memorial of S F
Vilas and others, praying- for a reduction of
the Army and Navy to a peace basis, and i
consequent reduction of taxes.
By Mr MARVIN : A memorial of James
W. Van Arnam, of Johnstown, Fulton com,,/
New York, late of the one hundredand liftt.ei,-h
New York volunteers, and otlWs, citizens < f
the same State, late officers oUhe volunteer
