3314
TH® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. YATES. I wish to say to the Senate
m relation to this bill that the aommittee have
again had it under consideration and have
reported it back with amendments, to which
nobody will object, to refer the whole matter
back to the people, and the State is only to be
admitted on the condition that it adopts the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution. I
am.sure in its present shape there will not be
any objection to the passage of the bill.
Mr. VAN WINKLE.. 1 should like to make
a statement to this effect: several Senators
who are now absent called on me yesterday to
know what I intended to do with regard to the
pension hills, and I told them that' [ intended
to call them up as soon after.the reading of
the Journal as I could ; and I apprehend that
several Senators, not being interested, are
absent with that understanding. I have no
objection to this bill in the form which I un-
derstand it assumes; but I do not think, per-
Baps, it would be strict justice, as I may have
led them into the error myself, to take up any
bill of this sort when so many Senators are
absent.
Mr. FESSRNDEN. I do not think we ought
to take up such a bill to-day.
Mr.. CONKLING. I should like to make
an inquiry of the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois. Is it his purpose to take up the bill now
and dispose of it in the morning hour?
Mr. YATES. Yes, sir- I presume the Sen-
ator from New York did not hear the statement
I made a moment ago. 1 stated the bill had
been again under consideration before the com-
mittee, and this is a compromise bill to which
there is no objection, I believe, from anybody
in the Territory. It simply proposes to refer
the matter back to the people.
Mr. POMEIiOY. The bill is now merely
an enabling act, and I think there can be no
objection to it.
Mr. CONKLING. I know in general terms
what the amendment is that is suggested to the
.Colorado bill. It is' an amendment which I
believe is oalculated to remove objections to it.
At the same time I have no idea that the bill
can be taken up and passed in any form in the
morninghour to day. In addition to that, there
is not a quorum of the Senate present, as we
all see ; and the understanding was that this
day was to be devoted to anether purpose, and
that that particular business was certainly to
occupy the day. Now, I submit to my hon-
orable friend, without wishing to interfere at
all with him in getting up his bill, that this is
an unfortunate time to select to do it. If the
amendment is satisfactory to all interests, and
if it shall avoid all objections, certainly there
can be no purpose in pressing it now, in the
absence of Senators ; whereas a majority being
absent, and absent upon an understanding that
do business of this sort was to be considered
to-day—for the undarstanding went as far as
that-—I submit to the honorable Senator thatit
■would rather provoke suspicion and distrust
of the amendment and the bill than to win for
i*. the consent of those who otherwise might be
inclined to concur in it. Therefore, not mak-
ing the suggestion in enmity to the measure or
the amendment, it seems to me it would be
better to wait until a day comes that general
business is in order, and in expectation, too,
and then take.up Colorado, and if the amend-
ment is satisfactory, as I hope it will be, there
wii-1 probably be no objection to its passage.
Mr. YATES. I should not have moved to
take up the bill but for the understanding that
all objections to it were removed by the
amendment; and even now I shall not press
it, although 1 do not understand the force of
the points made by the Senator from New
York. I withdraw the motion for the present.
baltimore and ohio lt.vilkoad.
Mr. SLTMNER. There was a resolution
which I offered some months ago relating to
the railroad between Washington and Balti-
more, which I wish to call up, and, after
making a single remaik with ieg<ud to it, I
propose to withdraw it. 1 wish to" assign the
reason for my action.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Spmxek. on the 17th of
February last:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of
Columbia be instructed to consider if any additional
legislation is necessary in order to seouro the rights
of colored persons on the railroad from Washington
to Baltimore. •
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, -when I
offered that resolution I had in my hands a
great deal of evidence showing abuses on that
road; that colored persons, very respectable,
of both sexes, had been treated very badly on
the road between Washington and Baltimore.
Having that information I felt it my duty to
call the attention of the Senate to it. The
consideration of the resolution at the time was
objected to by the Senator from Maryland, who
is not now in his seat, [Mr. JOHNSON.] Since
then 1 am happy to say a change has taken
place on that road, and I am not aware now
that there is any occasion for inquiry. By way
of confirmation of this statement 1 begtoread
a letter whice I have received from one of the
former complainants, one whose family had
been badly treated on the road, George T.
Downing, as follows:
"Washington, D. C., June 18,1868.
Dkar Sir: I have the pleasure to inform you that
the managers of the Battimoro and Ohio railroad
have yielded to the progressive spirit of the age: a
point which will not be appoased until men shall be
respected according to their merit, regardless of their
color, until color shall not be a badge either of dis-
tinction or of contempt.
I have been assured by the managers of the above
road that its passengers shall enjoy its advantages
regardless of their color, and that its managers will
punish by dismissal any of its employes who shall
disregard this, its rule.
Yours, &c. GEORSE T. DOWNING-.
Hon. Charles Susinek.
Under these circumstances, considering that
the managers have come into this explicit
understanding with Mr. Downing, wlio is a
representative of the colored race, I do not
propose to press the inquiry any further, and I
therefore ask leave to withdraw the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be withdrawn, if there be no ob-
jection.
israel t canby's sureties.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up the
bill that was before the Senate yesterday morn-
ing in the morning hour. It will take but a
moment, I presume, "to consider it. Tbe report
is now printed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 428) for the
relief of the sureties of Israel T. Canby, late
receiver of publ.c moneys at Crawfordsville,
Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. I know something about
the character of this application, and I think
the bill ought to pass. The liability of these
parties has been suffered to slumber for full
forty years until nearly all the bondsmen are
dead, and I think it would be a matter of gross
injustice now to press the collection of this
money upon two old men, one of whom is a
paralytic and cannot raise his hand, as I am
told, and the other is an old man living in the
town wheie I reside who has but a few days
before him. It occurs to mc where the Gov-
ernment has suffered a liability of this kind to
sleep for forty years that there is no equity or
justice in attempting to collect it after that
time, and especially under the circumstances
that surround these parties.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
navy-yard dridgis.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
take up for consideration a lesolution intro-
duced some time since by me in relation to a
survey for abridge across the Eastern Branch.
There wiil be no objection to it, I am sure,
and it is necessary to be passed now m order
that we may obtain the information for the
consideration of a bill that has been referred
to tbe District Committee.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution
submitted by Mr. Harlan on the 28th of May
l&st I
Jtcsolmd. That the Commissioner of PublicBuild-
ings and Grounds be directed to t
tho lower bridge, known as the
across tbe Anacostin, and report a plan toi a perma-
nent structure across the same at or ne^ tho pi then t
site capable of sustaining a railway ti.tek anu euis.
with a footing on oneh side of the carnage track, with
an estimate of the cost o± the same.
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps the resolution
ought to be amended so as to read, " the officer
acting as Commissioner ot Public Buildings
and Grounds." ' t ,.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 1 hat modi-
fication will be made.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
ciung1s of 1u4fekence.
Mr. POMEROY. With the leave of the
Senate I ask that the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill (S. N o. 551) for complet-
ing a direct and continuous line of railroad
from Washington city to Mobile and' otber
points South, creating a post ronte from Wash-
ington city to Mobile and New" Orleans, thereby
securing a more certain, speedy, and econom-
ical transportation of the United States mails,
military stores, and munitions of war, which I
had referred by mistake to that committee a
day or two ago. I desire to have it referred to,
the select committee on the subject of national
railways, of which the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] is chairman.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made if there be no objection.
distilled spikits fob army hospitals
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
joint resolution No. 262.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Cemmittee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 202)
authorizing certain distilled spirits to be turned
over to the Surgeon General for the use o£ the
Army hospitals. It authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to deliver to the Surgeon Geu-
eral of the Army all the distilled spirits pro-
duced during the experiments made by the late
commission for testing meters for the internal
revenue service, to be used for the Army hos-
pitals, and to be paid for at a reasonable cost
out of any money! appropriated for the pur-
chase of Army hospital stores, the amount
received to be-applied toward the expenses of
the commission.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
i1ygeia hotel at fortress monroe.
Mr. WILSON. 1 now move to take up House
joint resolution No. 266.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 26G)
to authorize the enlargement of the Ilvgeia
Hotel at Fortress Monroe, Virginia. It pro-
poses to authorize the Secretary of War to
grant permission to Henry Clark, proprietor
ot the Hygeia Hotel at Portress Monroe, Vir-
ginia, to enlarge the hotel in such a manner as
maj be compatible with the interests of the
United States; but such enlargement, or any
building hereafter erected by any person or
persons upon the lands of the United States
at Fortress Monroe, are to be at once removed,
at the expense of the respective owners, when-
ever the Secretary of War shall deem such
removal necessary ; and no claim for damages
therefor is to be made upon the Government
of the United States; and the building so to
be enlarged is to be^subject to taxation under
State and national authority the same as other
property.
The joint resolution was reported to tbe
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
