232
SUPPLEMENT TO
Secretaries whom he never had selected or ap-
pointed, which formed the subject of so much
opinion in the Senate, and also in the House
of Representatives, was made a subjcct of in-
quiry and opinion by the President himself, and
that his aetion concerning which he is now
brought in question here in the removal of Mr.
Stanton, was based upon his opinion after
proper and diligent efforts t.o get at, a correct
opinion, whether Mr. Stanton was within the
law; and, therefore, that his conduct and action
was notin the intent of violating the law which,
it is said here, cannot be qualified even under
these charges by showing that he did not do it
with intention of violating the Constitution.
The point now is that he did not do it with
jntent of violating the law, but that he did it
with the intent of exercising a well-known, per-
fectly established constitutional power, deemed
by him, on the advice of these Ins Cabinet, not
to be embraced within 1 be law; and if the
question of the intent, of his violation of duty,
of the purpose and the motive and the object
and the result, the injury to the public service
or the order of the Statu is to form a pait. of
the inquiry, then we bring liim by one mode
of inquiry within obedience to the Constitution
as he was advised, and by ibis present object
of inquiry within obedience to the law as he
was advised.
So, too, it has a bearing from the presence
of Mr. Stanton and his assent to these opin-
ions, on t.lie attitude in which the President
stood in regard to his right to expect from Mr.
Stanton an acquiescence in the exercise of the
power of removal, which stood upon the Con-
stitution in Mr. Stanton's opinion, and which
was not alfeetcd by the law in Mr. Stanton's
opinion ; and thus to raise precisely and defi-
nitely in this aspect, the qualifications of the
President's cour.-e and conduct in this behalf
as intending an application of force, or con-
templating the possibility of the noeil of an
application of force.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Without intending
to debate this proposition, I desire to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that the
cpiestion seeks to inquire whether the Cabinet,
including Mr. Stanton, did not, advise the
President that the bill as presented for his con-
sideration did not, apply to Mr. Stanton and
those in like situation with him. 1 desire to
call the attention of the Senate to Exhibit A,
on the "Hill page, which is the veto message,
wherein the President vetoes the bill expressly
upon tho ground that it does include all his
Cabinet, so that if they advised him to the con-
trary, the advice does not seem to have hud
operation on his mind.
Mr. Manager BOUT WELL. Head the
words.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. T will.
" To ilia >Scnutr of tlie United Stutri :
" 1 have carefully examined tho hill to regulate the
tenure of certain civil oll'tces. 'Che matetial portion
of tint hill is contained in the first, section, and is ol
th'Y'tU'ct loll owing, namelv :
"That, every person holding any civil oilier to which
hclias been appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and eveiy poison wlio .Khali
hereafter bo appointed to any such ollice, and shall
become duly ijualilied to act therein, is, and shall be,
entitled to hold such office until asucee.-sorshall have
boon appointed by the President, with tho advice and
consent, of tho Senate, and duly qualihed: and that
the Secretaries ol State, of the Treasury, of War, of
the Navy, a.nd of the Tntcrior, the i'o-1ma-tec (Jen-
era 1, and the Attorney General, shall hold their othees
respectively for and during the tcrmot the President
by whom they may have been appointed, and lor one I
month (hereafter, subject to removal by and with the i
advice and consent of the Senate. j
"Those provisions are qunlilied by a reservation in ;
the fourth section, 'that nothing contained m the ;
bill shall be construed to extend tho term of any !
office the duration of which is limited bylaw.' In
etleet the bill provides that the President shall not i
remove from their plates any of the civil otticers 1
whose terms of service arc not limited by law with- j
out the advice and consent of the Senate of the Uni- •
ted Slates. The bill, m this respect, conflicts, in my .
^ud^meiU, with tho Constitution of tho United States. ,
I he quest ion, as Congress is well aware, is by no means
a new one.
xVnd then he goes on to argue upon the de- '<
bate of ITS!), which wholly applied to Cabinet
officers, and you will find that that is the gist, '
of the President's whole argument. Then, on i
the forty-first page, after having exhausted the
argument as to the Cabinet officers, he says •"
"It applies equally to every other officer of the
Government appointed by the President whose terra
of duration is not specially declared. It, is sup ported
by the weighty reason that the subordinate officers
in the oxecutivo department ought to hold at the
pleasure of the head of tho department, because he
is invested generally with the executive authority,
and the participation in that authority by the Sen-
ate was an exception to a general principle, and
ought to be taken strictly. The President is the
great responsible officer for the execution of the
laws."
But I must ask attention to the point that
there is some additional reason to have this
evidence go in because Mr. Stanton gave such
construction to the law. It was offered in the
last proposition voted upon to show that Mr.
Stanton gave advice as to the constitutionality
of the law; so that in this respect the two
propositions stand precisely alike in principle,
and cannot be distinguished.
It is said this evidence should be admitted
to show that the President when he removed
Stanton and put in Thomas, supposed that
Stanton did not believe himself to be within the
law and protected in office by its enactments.
Mr. Stanton had just been reinstated under the
law ; had refused to resign because he could not
be touched under tho law ; had put the Presi-
dent's power to defiance, as the President, says
in his message, because he believed that, the
law did not allow liim to be touched. Now,
does this evidence tend to show that the Presi-
dent thought Mr. Stanton would agree that he
was not kept in office by the law, and go out
when he put in Mr. Thomas? Does any sane
man believe that the President thought that
Mr. Stanton would yield on the ground that he
was not covered by the law when he was re-
moved and Mr. Thomas appointed? The
President did not, put, his belief on any such
ground ; ho put it on the ground that Stanton
was a coward, and would not, dare resist; not
that he did not believe himself within the law
and protected by it, but that his nerve would
not lie sufficient to meet General Thomas.
'That was the President's proposition to Gen-
eral Sherman ; it was a reliance on the nerves
of the man, not upon his construction of the
law. Therefore, 1 must, call your attention to
the fact, that these oilers are wholly illusory
and decepthc. They do not show the thing
contended for ; they cannot, show it: they ha.ve
no tendency to show it, and whether thoy have
or have not, the Senate, by solemn decision,
have said that the advice of Cabinet ollieers is
not the legal vehicle of proof by which the fact
is to be shown to the Senate, even if it were
competent to be proved in any manner.
Mr. EVAUTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, the reference to the argument of the
President's message, which is contained on
page 'US and the following pages of the record,
seems hardly to require any attention. The
1'resident is there arguing against the bill as a
maltev of legislation, and rightly regards it in
its general application to the ollieers of the
Government, including the principal officers
of the Departments. The minor considera-
tion of whether or not it by its own terms
reached the particular persons who held their
commissions from President Lincoln could not
by any possibility have been the subject of dis-
cussion by the President of the United States
in sending in his objections to the bill on con-
stitutional grounds. It was not a constitutional
question whether the bill included the officers
who had received their commissions from
President Lincoln, or did not exclude them.
The learned Manager seems equally unfor-
tunate in his reference to the conduct of Mr.
Stanton upon the preliminary proceeding of
his suspension under the civil-tenure act, for
no construction can be put upon Mr. Stanton's
conduct there except, that he did not think
he was under the act, I suppose, because he
said he did not yield to the act which author-
ized suspension, but yielded to force. So much
for that.. :
ivow, 1 come to the principal inquiry; and j
that is whether or not it bears either upon the I
President's conduct in attempting a removal of
Mr. Stanton because he was not under the bill,
or whether it bears upon the rightful expecta-
tion and calculation of the President that the
attempt would be recognized as suitable by Mr.
Stanton because he, Mr. Stanton, did not be-
lieve he was within the bill.
It will be observed that the President had a
perfect right to suppose that Mr. Stanton would
not attempt to oppose him, the President, in
the exercise of an accustomed authority of the
Chief'Exeeutive since he, Mr. Stanton, believed
it to be unlawful; and if the Executive had
been advised by Mr. Stanton on this very point
that he, Mr. Stanton, was not protected by the
restrictions of the civil tenure-of-office bill, then
the President had a right to suppose that when
the executive authority given by the Constitu-
tion, as it was understood by Mr. Stanton, was
not impeded by the operation of the special act
of Congress, Mr. Stanton of course would yield
to this unimpeded constitutional power.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, the Chief
Justice is of opinion that this testimony is
proper to be taken into consideration by the
Senate sitting as a court of impeachment; but
he is unable to determine what extent the Senate
is disposed to give to its previous ruling, or how
far they consider that ruling applicable to the
present question. He will therefore direct tho
Secretary to read the offer to prove, and then
will submit the question directly to the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The Chief Clerk read the offer, as follows :
Wo offer to prove that at the meetings of theCabi-
net at which Mr. Stan ton was present, hcldwlnic the
tenure-of-civil-officc bill was bcloro tho President lor
approval, tho advicc ol tho Cabinet in rogaid to the
same was asked by the President und given by the
Cabinet, and thereupon the question whether Mr.
Stanton and the other Secretaries wiio had rocei\ ed
their appointment from Air. Lincoln were within the
restrictions upon the President's power of removal
fimn office created by said act, was consideicd and
i the opinion expressed that the Secretaries appointed
by j\Ir. Lincoln were not within such restrictions.
The CHIEF JUSTICE.^ On this question
the Senator from Missouri asks for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; anil being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 2G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buck alow, Davis,
Dixon, Doolitfle, Possendcn. Kmvler, Orimes, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery, Patterson of
Tennessee, floss, Sa.ulsbury, Sherman, Spraguc.Xi um-
bo!!, Van "Winkle, Viokers, and Willey—2'J.
NAY'S—Messrs. Cameron. C.ittell. Chandler, Cole,
Conncss, Corbett, Ciagin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry,
Piehnghujsen, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Moigan,
Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Pomcioy, Ramsey, Stewart, Thayer,
Tipton, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—26.
NOT VOTING—Messis. Conkling, Morton, Norton,
Nyc, Sumner, and Wade—6.
So the evidence proposed to be offered was
decided to be inadniis.siblc.
Mr. EVAUTS, (tothewitno.ss.) Mr. Welles,
at any of the Cabinet meetings held between
the time of the passage of the civil-tenure act
and the removal of Mr. Stanton did the sub-
ject of tho public service as affected by the
operation of that act come up for the consid-
eration of the Cabinet.
Mr. Manager BUTLER.. I object.
Mr. EVAKTS. Thisismerclymtroductory.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. "Yes" or ''no'/"
Mr. EVAIITS. Yes.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We do not object
to that.
The Witness. I answer yes.
By Mr. Evaiits :
Question. Was it considered repeatedly.
Ansiccr. It was on two occasions, if not more.
Question. During those considerations and
discussions was the question of the importance
of having some determination judicial m its
character of the constitutionality of this law
considered ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stay a moment;
we object,.
Mr. EVARTS. It only calls for "yes" or
" no."
Mr. Manager BUTLER. If it means only
to get in " yes" or "no," whether it was con-
sidered, it is not very important.
