1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1267
character might be. I was more convinced
after 1 had heard the honorable Senator that
he was wrong by the sincerity of his own ar-
gument than I ever have been on any occasion
on which he has spoken in the Senate. He
told us when he was up that his position was
so singular that he found fellowship from none
or with none in this body on this subject. He
has evidently found some since. That has oc-
curred since the honorable Senator took liis
seat.
Mr. HOWE. I expect to find more.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator says he ex-
pects to find more. I have no doubt that he
may find more. I did not rise to criticise the
Senator or his speech, but to say what I have,
that he succeeded more nearly in convincing
me that the power existed and must by right
exist in this Senate to judge of the qualifica-
tions of the persons sent by the States than
anything else that has been said on the sub-
ject.
But the honorable Senator from Kentucky
rises now and follows that line of argument
presented more clearly and more at length by
the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. IScck-
alew] when he discussed this subject, partic-
ularly when he spoke some days ago, in charg-
ing the action upon it on this side of the Sen-
ate, particularly on those who are unwilling to
receive Mr. Thomas, to partisan motives and
purposes. I regretted very much while I lis-
tened to that Senator that he should deliber-
ately accuse the members of this body of being
actuated by such purposes and motives, and in
proof of it cite the celebrated case from New
Jersey, in which a Senator from that State, Mr.
Stockton, was excluded from a seat here. The
Senator denounced it as a case of " expulsion."
That was the term, I think, that he applied. A
Senator, he said, was expelled by a party vote.
Mr. BUCKALEW.^ Will the Senator per-
mit me to interrupt him?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator is mistaken
in his reference. He is referring to some re-
marks made by me on the subject of recon-
struction, not to any remarks made upon this
question, nor any application of my ideas to
the present case.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall be very much mis-
taken if what I state is not to be found in the
first speech made by the Senator on this sub-
ject.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator will find
it in my speech on the ayth of January, on
the subject of reconstruction, in that general
debate.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well, be it so ; but,
Mr. President, lam right in stating that the
Senator took that view, and presented it in a
late speech in this body. Sir, it is a pretty
serious accusation to bring. It is particulaily
a serious accusation for the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania to bring against this side
of the Senate. I think that what is called the
Republican party could scarcely be regarded
as a political party during the war, nor can it
be yet. Why, sir, I never was a Republican ;
1 never belonged to tho Republican party. I
was a Democrat when this war began. I be-
lieved in Democracy. 1 believe in Democracy
to-day. I think it is a good thing when it is
pure and simple.
Mr. FESSENDEN". The genuine article.
Mr. CONNESS. The genuine article. But,
sir, when it encouraged, as it did encourage,
when it aided by every means in its power, by
the political organization that it had in the
States of this Union, the men who engaged
first in a conspiracy against the integrity and
existence of the nation and then engaged in
actual and overt acts of war, it was nearly time
to part with it; but I did not become a Repub-
lican. I as heartily detested the institution
of human slavery then as 1 do now. lo my
mind, it was nothing but a crime a great,
monstrous critne. It was not a party question.
And when out of that question the war grew
and took its place, and the issue became this,
whether this Republic should be continued or
blotted out in night, that was not a party ques-
tion. It rose above and beyond all party ques-
tions or considerations, and it summoned every
man that had not simply a love for this conn-
try, but a love for human freedom and a be-
lief in the right of the masses of the human
kind to govern themselves, to the nation's
standard in its defense. Were they partisans?
Were they Republicans? If it were only the
Republicans who took that position and the
Democracy so called did not, then more is the
shame of the Democratic party. It was they
who became partisans; it was the Republicans
in that condition who became patriots and were
no longer partisans.
But tho honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania and the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky talk of a party, and the latter Senator
cites a parallel case, as he says, of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, who at one time
opposed the execution of the fugitive slave'
law, a direct statute of the country, and did
not conceal his opposition. Well, sir, it only
proves, if it proves anything, that the Senator
was a courageous man. lie had the detense
in his own conscience of opposing a gross
wrong. But, sir, what was the position of the
men who engaged on the other side to destroy
this nation? Was it in defense of a right? Oil,
yes, they will reply; they imagined it was a
right. Certainly they did. The thief who
proposes lo possess himself of your property
or mine imagines that it is a right he has got.
He certainly loses regard for the right we have,
and he proposes to possess himself of it. Grad-
ually and by degrees he is in favor of a general
division of property and thinks that one man
has about as much right to it as another. And
so they gradually began to think until they
believed that the States had rights. What
class of rights, sir? A right to withdraw from
this nation, from the United States ; a right
to make war against it? And Democracy at
that time, through its national representative,
the President of the United States, made a
decision in their behalf that the nation had no
right to make war in return against a State.
And, sir, the honorable Senator from Illinois
argued that when that occurred there was no
war. There could be no war then, he says, |
because war means that two parties are cn- |
gaged in it, one against the other; there can
be no war where one side alone is fighting;
so that during a considerable portion of the
history of this great contest there was no war,
though the forts were taken ; there was no war,
though the treasure of the nation was taken ;
there was no war, though the laws of the
nation were trampled under foot, because Mr.
Buchanan decided that we could not engage in
making war upon a State!
Mr. President, what I desire to remark here
is, that those Senators who talk of party on this
side of the Senate occupy a very bad position
before the country. They belong to a party,
an organization of men for ordinary political
purposes, who continued that organization
against the nation. Will any one^ deny that?
What measure was proposed during the war
for the purpose of conducting it and carry-
ing it on with effectiveness and power that they
did not oppose? In the beginning, in their
view, our President was wrong in making the
first call for seventy-five thousand men; there
was no constitutional power to do it. We were
wrong, said they, in passing laws to provide
our armies with soldiers, "ft e were wrong
again when we employed blacks to fight, as it
1 they had not arms and hearts like other_men.
We were wrong at every step. Who said we
were wrong? The rebels, and those who, as
partisans, aided and abetted them, the Demo-
cratic party of the free States. Certainly they
were the partisans, and they remain the par-
tisans.
i But, sir, we come to this case. Maryland,
j a State of this Union, elects Mr. Thomas to
represent it here. It is toutid that he filled a
I very high office when this war began, and that
he resigned it because he disagreed with the
! President in the policy that was then supposed
by the President to be the proper one to be
pursued. Those who favor his admission argue
that that resignation did not show any procliv-
ities of his ; that there was nothing in the act
which we are authorized to examine or deter-
mine his case here by. But he went further at
a later period in the history of the war—he gava
a certain amount of money to his son, who
informed him that he was going to join the
rebel army. Wc are told that after reasoning
with him and finding that he could not convince
him, under parental feelfng he gave this amount
of money so that his boy should not suffer,
and that he did not get directly into the rebel
army; he used the money in going into a
county in Maryland, remaining in covert for a
while. Why, Mr. President, a man who eould
at that time dally with such a case, who could
take time to consider, lacks the essential qual-
ity of a citizen, which is, that his first inspira-
tion should bo to defend the flag; as General
Dix said on one occasion, to feel that the man
who pulled it down should be shot upon the
spot. Reason with his son! We are told that
all Roman virtue is at an end; that it belonged
to a period not like this. Well, sir, it seems
almost true; but, for one, I have an opinion
about it. The man is not a good man, in my
opinion, nor a good member of society, who
loves a single individual better than he loves
God's kind. Tho first, greatest, and deepest
love must be for his fellow-men in the aggre-
gate.
It is under that inspiration, it is under that
feeling that men make sacrifices on earth that
make them heroes in the estimation of men,
and fit them for seats in heaven. Ah, he can-
not violate his feelings to his son ! Sir, if lie
had blotted out the disgrace tlmt lie was to liia
name, his nation, and his nature, the world
would have applauded the act; but he tempo-
rizes witli him; and it is no matter to me, and
I will not stand here to consider it,whether he
invested the §100 he got in a suit of gray, in
medicines to be carried over to supply the
necessities, if 3'ou please, of the rebels on the
other side, or in a rifle to take deadly aim
upon our people; it was money that contrib-
uted to his departure, to his preservation and
care, until ho lodged himself witli the enemies
of the country.
But, say Senators, if all this be true, yon
have no right to consider the case or to pass
any personal judgment upon Mr. Thomas.
"Well, Mr. President, for myself, for one, whilo
I shall have a seat here, this place shall be
preserved from taint and contact with men who
by word or deed were engaged in and a part
of the rebellion. Senators, of course, will de-
termine this question under their own con-
sciences. In my opinion, there is safety on the
one side of the question, and danger, and
nothing but clanger, on the other.
We are reminded that there is danger of
setting a precedent and making an example
under which parties will exclude each other.
Sir, we belong to a country ami to a period of
time when political differences run high, and
there is sometimes great exasperation and great
effort made to make up majorities of political
parties in a representative body; but does any-
body imagine that I take issue with such a rep-
resentative from a State, as I will say, the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,]
though he differs so essentially in some lead-
ing opinions from mine? Certainly not; for
I believe that there never was a moment m
that Senator's life since this war began when
he would not have dealt an effective blow at
the rebellion. He might think as he chose,
differ with me as widely as he chose,^ 1 would
accept him at any time as an associate if a
question was raised here upon such a Senator
I as lie. or such a citizen as he.
! Therefore this is not a question of political
' difference. It is a question of whether we
shall preserve and defend the integrity of this
Chamber against the invasion of whom? Ex-
isting, living rebels. I am in favor of that
exclusion and preservation. Let this genera-
i tion of leaders, who are still in their hearts
