1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
knew the status of most or many of the men there
known as Radicals and Conservatives, and, with two
exceptions—with simply two exceptions—I do not
know of a Radical being dropped off the book, and
it came more severely on the Hogan portion of the
community; that is all on that subject."
And yet in that precinct there were nearly
300 votes left off the list certified to the
judges by the registrars, declaring and cer-
tifying that they furnished a "true copy" of
the list. So it was in almost every precinct.
Not only were names changed, but names were
left off. And they were changed not for the
reason assigned by the learned gentleman who
opened the case, because they were German
names, written in G-erman text. No, sir ; the
names left off or changed were in the fewest
possible instances German. They were Irish
and English and American. Those were the
names that were left 'off. Why were they left
off? Because it was claimed that the Germans
were chiefly the friends of the sitting member.
It was supposed that the Germans would vote
in his interest, whereas the Irishmen would vote
in mine.
Four hundred Irish names are left off the
certified list. I do not find that more than
twenty German names were left off, and many
of them were ray friends, for I had about as
many friends among the Germans a3 my -com-
petitor had. But those names were changed
purposely; they were changed becanse their
political status was known ; because it was
well known that if they voted I would be
elected by a large majority. The object was
to deprive the people of their right of suffrage,
and to perpetrate upon them this terrible
fraud. That is the reason of it; that is the
idiona of the German language that caused
them to be left off. There may be a man by
the name of Johann Lynlfriz, who may be
calledJohn Helfrich. There may be some three
or four cases of thatkind, but they are very few
and far between. But why is Dennis Maloney
spelled Nehoney, or James Hagan spelled
Heigin, or John Tucker spelled Tugher, and
many others whom I might refer to; were
they also spelled in German text and difficulty
found in their translation ?
And in ninety-nine out of every hundred
cases it was not the German whose name was
misspelled, because the registrars were nearly
all of them of German extraction. The very
men who registered the voters in the fourth,
seventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth wards were
themselves of German extraction. And they
could understand the idiom of the German
just about as well as the learned gentleman
who has preceded me, [Mr. Cook,] or than
my competitor upon this floor. They were
Germans themselves ; they read the German
language aright; they left off the American
and Irish names, as Dr. Cassily says here,
because they knew them, and knew for whom
they were going to vote.
If on a fair contest before the people of the
first congressional district of Missouri I was
beaten by one single vote, I do not so esteem
a place even in this honorable House; I do
not so much desire political position and pre-
ferment as to make a contest here in order to
trouble this House about such a matter. But
when nearly four thousand of the people of
that district are deprived of their rights; when
hundreds of them are robbed of their right to
vote after they had registered their names, and
then when they are not allowed to vote because
it is alleged that their names are not to be
found upon the list there, although they are
there, and when violations of law in Missouri
are perpetrated with impunity, I come here,
who have been against that law, who believe
it to be wrong and iniquitous and designed to
do wrong to the people of Missouri, yet as it
as the law, and while it is the law, I demand
not only of my own political friends, but of
you, gentlemen from Missouri who have been
eleeted under this law. I demand of you to
vindicate your own law, and not allow such
fraud and chicanery and wrong to be perpe-
trated not only upon me and my people, but
upon the right of the elective franchise, that
palladium of American liberty. And I come
to the House of Representatives to vindicate
us in this matter.
I know that this House does not possess the
power to arrange voting places. The Legisla-
ture of Missouri left that to the county courts.
But has this House no right to investigate
where there are palpable violations of right and
justice ? Must this House acquiesce in the ille-
gal deprivation of the franchise of several
thousand legal voters, to whom partisan judges
will not furnish sufficient voting places ? The
gentleman who represents the majority of the
committee has just said this House could say
that because of this wrong there was no fair or
legal election held in that district, and send
it back again to the people. I say that if I am
not elected a member from the first district
of Missouri, then there was nobody elected as
such member ; and this House ought to declare
the election void, not only because of this out-
rageous arrangement, but because nearly one
entire halfof the legal vote of this entire congres-
sional district was required to vote at four pre-
cincts. Mark me, gentlemen, mark what I
state, for I speak deliberately about it. Here
is a congressional district which has but twenty-
one voting places allowed to it; in the first
place only twenty-one, an entire congressional
district embracing twenty-one places at which
the people are to vote, and yet one half Of the
whole number ofvoters, less six hundred, are
crowded into four voting places. IIow would
any gentleman here like to be fixed in that way ?
I ask members here how would you like any
county court or variety of county courts so to
arrange the voting places that you could not
get half your vote in ? Sir, " it is a long lane
that has no turning." You may be in high
power to-day, you may establish precedents
which others may follow, you may declare that
you will not allow anything to be done in refer-
ence to such a case as this ; but the adage is,
" It is a long lane which has no turning and
these very things may be brought home upon
you before you are aware.
My friend from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] who
represents the committee on this occasion, a
gentleman whom I have known for many years,
says that all that the House can do in such a
case as this would be to declare that the elec-
tion was void ; that it cannot purge the elec-
tion of its frauds. I know that, you cannot
change the voting places; but, sir. you cau
look at the facts in reference to these things
and investigate them.
But, sir, I must hasten on. I do not want
to occupy any longer time than may be neces-
sary. 1 have made these statements to the i
House that members may understand the facts
of this whole matter. I desire now to call
attention to another statement .made by the
committee. The committee say that in the
registry all these names were numbered. Sir,
in all this book there is found but one case,
and that the twenty-first preeinct, where the
original registration is numbered ; no evidence
of a single name being numbered except there
in the original registration. The names are
taken down promiscuously as they come ; and
t.hf-re are but two even of the certified lists that
are numbered. Why, then, do the committee i
assume that it was easy to ascertain the identity :
of the voters because the names were num- !
bered? 1 have gone over this entire book of j
evidence ; I have examined the whole case : !
I have labored honestly and faithfully to find !
every man who was fairly and legally regis- \
tered. 1 do not want to count on my side any j
vote which was east contrary to the law of [
Missouri. I desire that the law of Missouri, ;
while it remains in force, shall be honestly and
faithfully complied with. I shall do all I can '
to have that law repealed or changed; but I j
am not in favor of violating it and yet profess-
ing to be its friend. !
But, sir, not only have the committee gone '
over the list that I gave them of those who in I
various precincts had not been registered, and .
substitute therefor other names, intended, as j
they assume, for the same persons; but, sir, I i
find that in many of these -cases, while they
have professed to1 find names corresponding
with those registered, have in many cases omit-
ted names entirely, finding no substitutes, and
m some cases have omitted entirely the names I
cited. Now, I ask in all candor and fairness
this question : when the committee could not
find names to substitute for those that I gave
them as the names of fraudulent voters, why
did they not deduct that number from the sit-
ting member's majority—one hundred and sev-
enty, if they leave out the night vote, are all
that he professes to have after all the frauds
perpetrated in the registration, and by means
of the certified list; yet the committee do not
deduct even those. The minority of the com-
mittee, in making up their report in reference
to this matter, have shown that this number,
deducted from the vote claimed for the sitting
member, would leave him with a minority. But
the committee did not count for me the votes
of those who I showed were registered, and
who came up and swore they would vote for
me, but who were not permitted to do so be-
cause their names were omitted from the list.
Why was that omission made? I gave the
committee a list of every man's name, with
the page of the book on which will be found
his affidavit that he went up to the judges,
offered to vote, waiting in line in many cases
six or eight hours to get the opportunity to
vote ; and yet when they reached the polls
these men were coolly told by the judges of
of the election, "You cannot vote; we do
not find your name here." The man having
been a duly registered legal voter, buta fraud-
ulent judge may have refused to take his vote,
or the fraud of a registrar, in changing his
name or entirely omitting it from the list, pre-
cluded its being received. And this is called
honesty in election. This is done, too, by the
party who demand the ballot for the protec-
tion of the freeman. Here the registered voter
is placed at the mercy of a registrar who will
•' certify as true " a list from which he omits
the names of one hundred or more voters,
because they do not belong to his party !
Yet the Committee of Elections do not give
me any credit for these votes. Never in the
history of this Government has it occurred that
such an allowance has not been given. Why
is it not done in this case? Why is it votes
confessedly fraudulent are counted for the
sitting member? Why is it votes honestly
given and illegally rejected are not counted
for me? Is it because he belongs to your
party and I do not? Yet you claim to be the
party of great moral ideas; yes, and seek to
sustain this by such fraudulent appliances as
I have been commenting upon; but assuredly,
Mr. Speaker, these fraudulent triumphs will be
but short-lived ; the people will not be always
cheated.
But, sir, the committee allude to another
thing. In closing the argument in my case
before the committee I presented the afiidavits
of seventy-two men from one of the precincts
in that district that they had voted for me.
Every one of them was a legal voter, and yet
every one of them was counted for the sitting
member. What does the committee say in
relation to that ? 1 will read :
" During his concluding argument before the com-
mittee the contestant presented the affidavits of forty-
two persons showing that they voted for him, and it
is insisted that thepoU-books show that each of these
persons were counted tor the sitting member.
" The committee cannot consider these affidavits as
evidence, because it was admitted by contestant that
the affidavits were wholiy ex. paitc and talien with-
out any notice whatever having been given to the
sitting member, and because the same were taken
without any order having been made for that pur-
pose alter the time aliowed by law for the taking of
the proof had expired.
"If, however, the testimony was admissible it
would be very far from conclusive, because the
poll-books as printed show that a large number ot
persons, and among them a number of these am-
ants, voted for both the contestant and the si.ting
member."
It ought to be seventy-two instead of forty-
two. I suppose it is a typographical mistake.
Sir, I do not like flatly to contradict _ the
Committee of Elections, but I say that it is
