1868..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
service, praying that medals may be given by
the Government to each volunteer of the war
of the rebellion.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of II. W.
Boyce, C. L. Oatman, and others, citizens of
Geneva, Wisconsin, for relief from oppressive
taxation and reduction of public expenditures.
Also, the petition of C. T. Harris, of Ann
Arbor, Michigan, for a modification of the
pension laws.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Wis-
consin, for an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the liaibor of Bayfield.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: The petition of
Henry II. Pearson and others, asking Con-
gress to order a medal to be struck in bronze
to commemorate the preservation of the Amer-
ican Republic ; and that one of such medals,
under the direction of the War and Navy De-
partments, shall be presented to every officer,
soldier, sailor, and marine who, by his service
in the war and an honorable discharge, has
earned such a tribute of his country's regard ;
and one also to the children of those who have
fallen in their country's defense.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, April 11, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
IMPEACHMENT OF THE PRESIDENT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The chair
will be vacated, that the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court may preside.
The President pro tempore thereupon vacated
the chair, and the Senate proceeded to the trial
of the impeachment of President Johnson.
The Senate, sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment, having adjourned,
The Presi lent pro tempore resumed the chair
at four o'clock and forty-six minutes p. in.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 11, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The reading of the Journal, by unanimous
consent, was dispensed with.
RULES IN BANKRUPTCY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the justices
of the Supreme Court, transmitting amend-
ments to rules in bankruptcy; which was
referred to the Committee on the Revision of
the Laws.
WASHINGTON' CITY SAVINGS BANK.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House the annual report of the
Washington City Savings Bank, in compliance
with section eight of the aet of Congress incor-
porating said bank ; which was referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency.
BACK PENSIONS.
Mr. COBHRN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1005) to provide
for the payment of back pensions in cases
where the persons entitled thereto have been
infants or insane and without guardians, during
the period in which such persons were without
guardians; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
CONSTITUTIONALITY OF ACTS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. WOODWARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1006) to test the
constitutionality of questionable acts of Con-
gress ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
IMPEACHMENT OP THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
having arrived, the House will now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of the
Senate, following the managers and preceded
by the chairman of the Committee of the Whole,
who will be attended by the Clerk and actiqg
Doorkeeper.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole, in obedience to
the order, and proceeded' to the bar of the
Senate.
At four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.
the Committee of the Whole returned to the
Hall, and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the managers
to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court of
impeachment for the trial of Andrew Johnson ;
progress has been made in the trial, and the
Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment, has
adjourned until twelve o'clock on Monday next.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. TWICHELL asked and obtained in-
definite leave of absence.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and forty-eight minutes p. in.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees:
By Mr. BOYER: The petition of Mary
Wright, mother of John Wright, deceased, for
arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of citizens of Montgomery
county, Pennsylvania, for pensions to the sur-
viving soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana: The
petition of Mrs. D. 0. Daily and 500 widows,
made by the late war, praying increase of
pensions.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 13, 1808.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
impeachment op tiie president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The chair
will be vacated that the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court may preside.
The Presidentprotonporethereupon vacated
the chair, and the Senate proceeded to the trial
of the impeachment of President Johnson.
The Senate, sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment, having adjourned,
The Presidentp/'o tempore resumed the chair
at four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 13, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
By unanimous consent, the reading of the
Journal of Saturday last was dispensed with.
ST. PAUL ISLAND—ALASKA.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following pream-
ble and resolution; which was read, considered,
and adopted:
Whereas it is reported that efforts are being made
to procure from tile Government a transfer to a prt-
vate company, without consideration, ol the island
of St. Paul, a territory embraced in the treaty with
Russia; and whereas said island is believed to be very
valuable as being the only home of the lur seal 111
the world: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Committee on Foreign
Affairs b"e directed to inquire into the matter and a
report to the House, touching such efforts to procure a
transfer to a private company ot said island, anu also
in regard to its situation, value, &c., and all other
facts connected therewith.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair gives notice
that on the return of the House to the Hall
this afternoon the Chair will lay before the
House certain executive communicatipns, &c.,
in order not to delay the Senate by presenting
them at the present time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In view
ot the order which has been adopted by the
House, and m further view of legislation which
may become necessary, I now give notice that
on Thursday next I shall move a call of the
House. I give this-notice now so that mem-
bers who are absent may return by that time
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois mean that he will move a call of the
House after the return of the House to the
Hall from the Senate?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On Thurs-
day next, yes.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to give notice that
if any business is transacted I shall insist
upon the action of the House upon the bill
relating to the rights of American citizens in
foreign States.
The SPEAKER. That bill will be the un-
finished business before the House, as soon as
the resolution in regard to printing the argu-
ment of Manager Butler shall have been dis-
posed of.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I shall object to any
business being done unless there is a quorum
of the House present.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can ascer-
tain that by calling for a division upon any
question.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will it.be in order before
Thursday next to call up the resolution in re-
gard to printing the argument of Manager
Butleii?
The SPEAKER. By giving notice.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 give notice, then, that
I will ask for action on that resolution to-
morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. That will not be in order,
because the House by order must proceed to
the Senate at twelye o'clock.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I give notice that
I will call up that resolution on the return of
the House to this Hall to-day, if there shall be
a quorum present.
Mr. ELDltl DGE. I desire to have referred
to the Committee on Printing a resolution in
relation to the argument made by the counsel
for the President, Mr. Curtis, similar to the
resolution now pending in relation to the argu-
ment of Manager Butler.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent, pending the consideration of
the other resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope unanimous con-
sent will be given.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I shall have to
object to the consideration of the other reso-
lution in the abscnce of a quorum.
REGISTERING, ETC., OP VESSELS.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1007) to amend an act
entitled "An act concerning the registering
and recording of ships or vessels," approved
December 30, 1792: which was read a first ■
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS IN TItE DISTRICT.
Mr. WELKER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 1008) to amend the
law of the District of Columbia in relation to
judicial proceedings therein, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to bo printed.
POST ROUTE IN INDIANA,
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1000) to establish
a post route from Plainfield to Smootsdell,
Indiana; which was read a first and seeond
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
ALTON HARBOR, ILLINOIS.
Mr. BAIvpR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following 'resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
liesolved^ That the Secretary of War be instructed
to communicate to thi  House "the report of Major
H. t\ Long on the improvement-of the harbor at
Alton, Illinois.
