1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
BRITISH STHAMER LABUAN.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to tlie consideration of Senate bill No.
528, reported from the Committee on Foreign
.Relations, to carry into effect a decree of the
district court at New York.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 528) to carry into effect the decree of the
districtcourt of the United States for the south-
ern district of New York in the case of the
British steamer Labuan was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment to William
Bailey, William Leetham, and John Leetham,of
Kngland, or their legal representatives, owners
of the British steamer Labuan, of $131,221 30,
with interest from Jane 2, 1862, to the time
of payment, and $5,000 without interest.; also,
to Messrs. De Jersey & Co., of England, or
their legal representatives, part owners of the
cargo of the same steamer, $3,613 92, with
interest from May 21, 1862, to the time of pay-
ment; and to Francisco Amendiaz, of Mata-
moras, Mexico, or his legal representatives,
part owner of the cargo of the same steamer,
$2,067 17, with interest from June 6, 1862,
to the time of payment; such sums being due
tinder a decree of the district court of the
United States for the southern district of New
York, pronounced March 25,1868, on account
of the illegal capture otf the British steamer
Labuan and her cargo by acruiserof the United
States.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, my friend,
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, always manifests a great degree of
promptness in reporting bills for the payment
of British ships. I suppose that ascertained
debts should be paid, butl am sorry to see that
there is not an equal promptness by him in
reporting bills i'or the protection of the rights
of Americans abroad. There have been times
—and I should be sorry if they had passed—
when the rights of men demanded protection
and immediate attention quite as rnueh as the
property of men. My friend would scarcely
wish to occupy the position of being here as
the special advocate of the rights of property
ami the payment of debts as contradistinguished
from the support and sustenance of the rights
of men, either white or black.
When a question was under consideration a
few days since cognate to the subject, I took
the liberty to inquire of the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations
when we could expect a report upon the House
bill now long with that committee, and he
made answer that the committee would take it
np at its next meeting. Since that time it has
been stated in the public press, I hope not
correctly, that the committee has agreed to lay
that bill over, postpone it until the next session
of Congress.
Now, Mr. President, it would scarcely be-
come me to criticise the action of a committee
of this body, and particularly to assume that
this statement is a correct one to base such
eiiticism upon ; and until the honorable chair-
man shall state that it is correct 1 shall not
be understood as criticising the action of the
committee; but I will say now, while 1 am up,
that it is scarcely the thing, as it appears to
nie, upon an important subject, thata commit-
tee shall agree to postpone consideration of it
without submitting that question to the body
which had referred it to them. 1 am of the
opinion that there isno one requirement greater
now at our hands than that there be American
law as the basis of action for our Government
upon the great subject to which 1 haveadverted,
and which is comprehended by the bill before
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
I rise, -Mr. President, to call attention to
that bill, and to invite^ the attention of the
country to it, and to give notice that at an
tai ly day I intend to move to discharge the
committee from its further consideration, and
get the yeas and nays upon that question,
unless theie shall be a report made. I want
the privilege of voting that American citizens,
being abroad upon their own proper business,
shall not be subject to interference, interrup-
tion, arrest, or imprisonment by any foreign
Power on earth ; and upon that proposition I
intend to have, in one way or another, an early
vote.
It was stated in the newspaper connection
that I have referred to that the action was
taken to some extent in deference to diplo-
matic representatives of foreign Powers at
Washington. That can saarcely be true, sir ;
it cannot be true.
Mr. SUMNER. And of Mr. Seward, it was
said.
Mr. CONNESS. Arid of Mr. Seward, it
was said. That can scarcely be true, either.
I will not, however, undertake at this time to
discuss the Secretary of State in this connec-
tion, because I do not think it would be proper;
but as one Senator here, and as a citizen feel-
ing a deep interest in this subject, but not
claiming any exclusive interest in it, as was
intimated on another occasion by the honor-
able Senator, 1 do claim that it is a subject
worthy of our attention, and which, demands
our early attention.
And, Mr. President, the tone of public feel-
ing upon this subject is sound and true. It is
not ephemeral, nor asserted at this time for
local political effect; but the opinion is made
up in the face of the arrest of our citizens
abroad and their incarceration iu foreign
prisons, from which they are gradually being
discharged by the grace of her majesty the
Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, if not other
potentates of Europe.
As I said on another occasion, if this Gov-
ernment is not able, ready, willing, and determ-
ined to support its citizens abroad, it must be
held to have abdicated one of its most essen-
tial functions; and 1 intend to ascertain how
many American Senators there are who will
he'sitate to give earnest effect to this opinion.
I do not intend to occupy my seat here and
vote for the payment ot damages to British
ships while American citizens are in British
prisons; and I hope, sir, there will be an end
to it. We are constantly engaged in acts of
courtesy, civility, comity, toward foreign na-
tions, and especially toward that nation which
never makes and never has made any ceremony
in putting its strongarm upon ourpeople when-
ever it suited its policy.
1 should like now, Mr. President, in this
connection to know how long the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions ig to give precedence to bills tor the pay-
ment of British ships, and to neglect Irom one
session of Congress to another the important
question 1 have referred to
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senator
from California addiesses a question directly
to me, apparently holding me responsible for
the order of business and the reports made by
the Committee on Foreign Relations. Sir, he
does me too much honor and assigns to me too
great a responsibility. 1 am here on this floor
a Senator like himself, and the representative
of that committee; that is all. So tar as I act
on questions from the committee, it is only as
its representative. 1 do what i am instructed
to do. Now, that committee has instructed me
to leport a bill to cairy into effect a decree ot
the district court for New Yoik with regard to
which I presume there can be no objection. It
lias as yet given me no instructions on the mat-
ter to which the Senator calls my attention and
the attention of the Senate. I refer to the bill
from the House of Representatives with regard
to the rights of American citizens abroad.
When the Senator called attention to that on a
former occasion i said that it was then under
the consideration of the committee. It has
been on three several occasions considered by
the committee, and the action of the commit-
tee thus far is not my action but the action of
the committee, and I may say unanimously. I
will not go into the consideration of that action
now. 1 prefer not to step aside from the bill
actually before the Senate; there is no occasion
forit. If the Senatorpursues his raotionaceord-
ing to the notice he" has given, there may be
then occasion for it.
I shall content myself with simply one obser-
vation. There has been a report in the hews-
papers with reference to the action of the com-
mittee on the bill referred to.- The Report is
entirely without foundation, ft-is stated' that
the chairman of the committee had had a con-
ference with the Secretary of State, and
acted in pursuance of the Secretary's sugges-
tions. On -that statement i have this to say,-that
r have never once exchanged a word with- the
Secretary ot State on that bill, nor have I ever
received any suggestion from him, direct or
indirect. Ihat is the answer that 1 give to
that report. So far also as the report pretends
to attribute influence to foreign diplomacy 1
may make the same remark. The bill was
considered by the committee independently,
without any influence from any quarter, and
the conclusion that they have reached thus far
was founded on their own judgment, looking
at the best interests of the country, and with
adesire, 1 believe, as sincere as thatofthe Sen-
ator himself to maintain the rights of American
citizens abfoad. if thus lar they have not
been able to see their line of duty precisely-as*
the Senator sees his, 1 hope the Senate will be
candid enough not to attribute to tlieui any
want of interest m the cause to which lie
refeis.
He reminds the Senate that the committee
can report bills lelating to property and
neglect bills relating to human rights. I am
not aware that 1 have reported from that com-'
mittee during this session any other bill that
falls within the category to which the Senator
refers. This is the tirst bill of the kind—the
bill I now hold in my hand—because it is the
first with regard to which there has been any
occasion for action. It was a bill almost of
necessity, because it was to carry out a judg-
ment ot one ot our own courts declaring that
the United States stood m debt to certain per-
sons, and this bill simply proposes to provide
the means for the payment of that debt. 1
cannot well understand why a committee which
thus simply discharges its duties should be
arraigned tor some imagined neglect of the
great cause of human rights to which 1 believe
all its members are as sensitive as the Senator
from California himself. Certainly 1 will not
yield to that Senator oil that subject in any form
in which it can be presented. My opiuiousof
the rights of American citizens, whether at
home or abroad, have been too often declared.
I desire that those right shall he asserted and
maintained. Possibly 1 may differ from the
Senator as to the way in^ which those rights
should be asserted and maintained; but X can-
not allow that Senator to consider himself
more devoted to that cause than 1 am.
Now, I hope, if the Senate please, unless
the Senator wishes to remark fuither, they will
aet on the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I do wish to make some
further remarks. T'hisis a very curious answer,
and full of instruction, to the question that
J had the honor to propound to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Foreign iiefa-
tions. What is most noticeable m it—and I
call the attention of Senators and the country
to the honorable Senator s answer—is thaL he
does not step with firm tread, but he steps for-
ward m deaimg with this subject as though his
feet were clothed with moccasins. He says,
in the hrst place, that he is not the committee.
Does he imagine that we do not know that?
He tells us not what the committee has done,
but intimates that it has with unanimity de-
termined to postpone this great question. Well,
Mr. President, 1 did not arraign the commit-
tee ; but it is my right to inquire into this sub-
ject here. Nor did 1 claim any superior inter-
est in this subject to any other Senator. I
wish it distinctly understood that updn. this
question 1 am peculiarly and only American.
But, Mr. President, X intend to pursue the
notice that X have given, and I shall invite the
