1268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
against the peace of this country and against
the establishment of freedom here, be kept
out of power. If the fragmentary constitu-
ency of the people of a State shall at anytime
so far forget what is due to the whole or to the
peace of the Union as to send them here or
elsewhere, let them be excluded. Let them
take the choice that they so endeavored to
take during the war when in their conspiracies
with foreign nations they tried to destroy this
country and put it under a foreign yoke, pro-
vided they could only gain their points by it;
let them go among these foreign conspirators
and to other nations; but let them not come
here to dictate policies again.
Senators discuss this subject in part, it ap-
pears to me, as if they had forgotten that we
live in another era. Why, sir, there has been
change enough in the fundamental policies of
this nation and the people who constitute it
within the last ten years, it seems to me, to
have attracted more attention. Then the intel-
lect and power of this nation were given to the
preservation of a system that is looked upon
now, and will be looked upon forever here-
after, as the greatest blot to civilization. Now,
happily, we have m a short period passed
through it, and we live in a Republic free from
that incubus and its influences. Shall we go
on legislating subject to its influence and con-
trol? No sir; I object.
I have no feelings in this matter of a polit-
ical partisan character. I have no feelings to
be gratified by opposition to Mr. Thomas. We
are told, indeed, that if we reject him and re-
fuse him admission we shall get a man less
acceptable perhaps. Let it be so, sir. Let a
citizen of Maryland less acceptable be sent
here, and we will determine that question when
it comes. We have no right to-day to toko
that into consideration.
The present status of Maryland has been
discussed, and the honorable Senator who
represents that State here has been compli-
mented for his loyalty, and the treatment by
the State of Maryland of him has been dis-
cussed. I will not continue that theme; but
it is a fact known to us—perhaps I may be
expressing it in uncouth language—that at the
beginning of this war the devil had a mortgage
upon all Maryland, or nearly all; that owing,
as some of our literateurs have said, to a "little
unpleasantness" that took place for five or
six years the mortgage could not be enforced
to be foreclosed; but when that "unpleasant-
ness" had its end, did not the old fellow come
in and foreclose the mortgage and take the
property, and is not this one of its conse-
quences?
Mr. President, it is time indeed that we pre-
serve ourselves; and for one, by my vote and
act, this nation will be preserved against such
invasion. There shall be no change of policy
which will admit of such a condition of things
as has been foreshadowed if we pursue the
course that' is pointed out by many Senators
here.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire, at the conclu-
sion of the remarks submitted by the Senator
from California, to disclaim having expressed
the sentiments which he imputed to me just
now. In my remarks on the 14th of this
month I made no party observation; I made
no fling at any party. All that I said in that
speech (and it is lying on my desk and the
Senator can examine it) was to deprecate the
tone of remark which had been used by the
Senator from Ohio and some other gentlemen,
bv which passion and prejudice, as I supposed,
had been appealed to instead of the legitimate
considerations that belonged to the question.
I said nothing about the motives which would
actuate gentlemen in this Chamber it Mi.
Thomas should be rejected. I said nothing ot
the interests of party as involved in the discus-
sion. I,think tliat a member who introduces
considerations of that kind into debate departs
from .the legitimate line of remarks, unless he
does it under provocation and in reply to some
other gentleman. Certainly, for my part, 1
would not commit an indiscretion of that kind,
especially where the interests of a claimant to
a seat here and a State of this Union were
concerned. I would not assist to introduce
foreign and irrelevant matter into the debate.
I could only wish that all the members upon
this floor would approach this subject in the
same way, governed by the same considera-
tions which are just and legitimate. I desire
this case to be tried as a question of law and
as a question of right under the Constitution
and under the statutes which relate to the sub-
ject, and that all considerations which relate
to the positions of parties should be excluded
altogether. Certainly, I have not committed
what I must think the impropriety of intro-
ducing them.
Of course I do not wish to impute to the
Senator from California any intentional mis-
representation of my remarks. I suppose he
.was misled by having done me the honor to
listen with some attention to the speech which
I made on the 29th of January upon the general
political situation of the country in connection
with reconstruction, in which T, from the ne-
cessity ofthe occasion, and appropriately then,
undertook to discuss the action of political
parties in this country. But, sir. I think we
ought not to introduce anything of that sort in
this debate. Tf we are not sitting as a court
and under oath, still we are acting in a judicial
capacity, and we ought to approach this sub-
ject most seriously and calmly, to consider
that the reputation and standing of a distin-
guished gentleman is involved in our vote ; that
the right of one of the oldest and most honora-
ble States of this Union is involved in thisvote.
We ought to remember that although there
may have been citizens of Maryland who did
not uo their duty to the country in the war,
there were thousands and thousands who did
under great difficulty and discouragement, and
that in casting general imputations upon a
State, supposing that the prince of darkness
had a mortgage upon it, you do injustice at
least to a great portion of the inhabitants of
the State. We have nothing to do with these
things. For my part, I disclaim having intro-
duced them.
Mr. COIfNESS. I wish simply to say that
I would not misrepresent any Senator here,
perhaps least of all, my friend from Pennsyl-
vania. If I. have made the mistake that he
suggests, I regret it very much.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Several Senators. No, no; let us vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall not go
into executive session. I hope we shall have
a vote on this question.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is oil the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from New York.
Mr. CONKLING-. Upon reflection it is
thought better that the amendments, both of
them, to the original proposition be with-
drawn. The honorable Senator from Missouri
assents to that, I assent to it very cheerfully,
and in my own behalf I withdraw the amend-
ment which I offered, to the end, his being
withdrawn, that a vote may be had first, at all
events, on the original resolution.
Mr. DRAKE. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the original resolution offered by the
Senator from Maryland, on which question the
yeas and nays arc demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to hear the
resolution read.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Resolved. That Hon. Philip F. Thomas, Senator-
elect from Maryland, bo admitted to his seat on his
taking the oaths prescribed by the Constitution and
laws ofthe United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. Before the vote Is taken
I hope the Senate will indulge me in ■contin-
uing the discussion a few moments longer. I
do this because of some points taken to-day
by the honorable member from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard,] which were not embraced in
the remarks which I had the honor to submit
yesterday, to which 1 deem it proper to attempt
a reply.
In the first place, the honorable member has
again indulged in terms (if he will permitme
so to designate them) of vituperation against
my colleague which I had hoped he would not
repeat. He has represented him as a man
devoid of all honor, willing to perjure himself
iu the face of this Senate, and even willing for
the sake of a seat on this floor to be guilty of,
if possible, the higher crime of suborning his
son to commit that offense. He has said that
all the explanations which my colleague gave to
the committee of the reasons which governed
his conduct during his connection with the
administration of Mr. Buchanan were but
artifices, untrue in point of fact, but resorted
to for what with honorable men will be consid-
ered a base and a dishonorable purpose—of
obtaining a seat on this floor, to be the associate
of gentlemen.
Mr. President, the honorable member does
not know the character of the man whom he
asperses. I use that term in no motive of tin-
kindness to the member from Michigan. He
knows I am incapable of entertaining any such
feeling. I estimate him at his real worth of in-
tellect and of heart, and I can only attribute,
therefore, the course he has thought proper to
adopt to a sort of temporary madness. Tempo-
rary I know it will be, for in the end, if he shall
become acquainted with the true character ofthe
man whom he assails, he will be sure to regret
having made the assault. As I stated yester-
day, my'colleague, in every station which he
has held in the public service of his State or
of his country, won the esteem and almost the
admiration of all who knew him. He is a
frank and an able man, an honest and an in-
telligent man, and, notwithstanding all that
lias been said of him, a patriot in the tone
sense of that term, as pure and perfect as is
the honorable Senator from Michigan or the
honorable Senator from California.
I could not have said less of that matter
without doing violence to my own feelings ;
and now a word or two further upon the case
which actually exists. It is not, as I think,
one which calls for any party conflict. It is
not one which demands any reference to the
war and to the parties who were on either side
of that contest, except forthe purpose of show-
ing that my colleague is unable in point of truth
to take the oath prescribed by the aet of 1862.
As I said yesterday, I assume the constitutional
validity of that act; [ am not here to call it
in question. What I do say is, that, speaking
from my own conscience and from my knowl-
edge of the man who has been assailed. I have
no doubt that he can take it with as much truth
as it has been taken by either of the honorable
members who have assailed him.
I referred yesterday to an act prior only but a
week or two to that which for a time rendered
the name of Dix a word of honor in every home-
stead in the United States where patriotism had
its dwelling. What my colleague did in antici-
pation of the act of ijix was done from the
same motive, the love of country and the de-
testation of him who would abuse the trust
confided to him. But he did in the course of
his administration something iu addition. The
honorable members have thought proper to
intimate, or rather to charge, that he was one
of the conspirators who were engaged in the
inauguration of the rebellion : that he was with
Cobb and Thompson and Floyd : and the hon-
orable member irom Michigan has told us that
the three were at his own house, and that they
must have been there for the purpose- 
Mr. HOWARD. No; the three were at Mr.
Thompson's house.
Mr. J OHNSON. At Thompson's house for
the purpose of effecting the conspiracy : and
he docs that (oh! charity!) although the
gentleman assailed denies that one word was
spoken by either of the parties present on the
subject of the impending troubles in the coun-
