234
SUPPLEMENT TO
The motion was agreed to; and at the expi-
ration of tho recess the Chief Justice resumed
the chair.
Gideon Welles's examination continued.
By Mr. Evarts :
Question. Mr. Welles, was there within the
period embraced in the inquiry in the last ques-
tion, and at any discussions or deliberations of
the Cabinet concerning the operations of the
civil tenure act, or the requirements of the pub-
lic service in respect to the same, any suggestion
or intimation of any kind touching or looking
to the vacation of any office, or obtaining pos-
session of the same by force?
Answer. Never, on any occasion 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stop a moment.
\ye
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel for
tho President will please reduce the question
to writing.
The question was reduced to writing and sent
to the desk and read, as follows:
Was there, within tho period embraced in tho in-
quiry in tho last question, it.ml at any discussions or
deliberations of thcCabinctconcerningthe operation
of tho tenure of civil office act and the requirements
of the public servicc in regard to the same, any sug-
gestion or intimation whatever touching or looking
to the vacation of any office by foroo or sotting pos-
session of the same by force.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. To that we object.
We think it wholly within the previous ruling;
and if it wore not, it would be incompetent
upon another ground—that to show that the
President did not state to A, B, or C that he
meant to use force by no means proves that
lie did not tell E, F, and G.
Mr. EVARTS. Wc may hereafter call per-
sons to testify that he did not tell E, F, and G,
and that would not prove that he did not tell
A, B, and C.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. And so on to the
end of the alphabet.
Mr. EVARTS. Yes ; and so on to tho end
of time. The question is, Mr. Chief J usticc
and Senators, a negative to exclude a con-
clusion ; and if tho subject of force or the
purpose of forco is within the premises of this
issue and trial, evidence on the part of the
President to show that in all the deliberations
for his official conduct force never entered
into contemplation is, as I suppose, rightfully
offered on our part.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We object to the
question, whether ho told his Cabinet he would
or would not use force, as wholly immaterial
and as within the last ruling.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
does not understand the honorable Manager to
object to it as leading.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No; it is not worth
while to take that objection. We wish to come
to substancc.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will submit tho question to the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question.
The Chief Clerk again read tho question.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Senators, you who
are of opinion that this question is admissible,
will, as your names are called, answer yea;
those of the contrary opinion, nay.
Mr. FERRY. I was requested by the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] to state that
he was called away by sickness in his family.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Da-
vis, Dixon, Edmunds. Fessemlen, Fowler, Grimes.
Hendricks, Johnson, MeCreery, Patterson of Tennes-
see, ltoss, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and
Viekers—IS.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Colo, Conkling,
Conness, Corbctt, Crngin, .Ferry, Frelmghuysen, llar-
lan, Howard, Howe, Morgan, iUorrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pom-
eroy, llsimsey, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton,
Willcy. Williams, Wilson, and Yates—26.
iVOT VOTING—Messrs.Cameron, Doolittle, Drake,
Henderson, Morton, Norton, Nye, Sprague, Sumner,
and A\ ade—10.
So the Senate decided the question to be in-
admissible.
Mr. EVARTS. We are through with the
witness.
Cross-examined by Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. Mr. Welles you were asked if you
were Secretary of the Navy, and you said you
held under a commission, and you gave the
date of the commission?
Answer. March, 1861.
Question. You have had no other?
Answer. No other.
Question. And you have been Secretary of
the Navy down to to-day?
Answer. I have continued to this time.
Question. Has Lorenzo Thomas acted as a
member of the Cabinet down to to day from
the 21st of February?
Answer. He has met in the Cabinet since
that time.
Question. Did he meet as a member or out-
sider?
Mr. EVARTS. I submit, Mr. Chief Jus-
tice, that this is no cross-examination upon
any matter we have examined upon, as far as
General Thomas is concerned.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I waive it. I will
not have a word upon that.
By Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. Now, then, you told us of some-
thing said between you and the President about
a movement of troops. I want to know a little
more accurately when that was. In the first
place what day was it?
Answer. It, was on tho 22d of February.
Question. Is there any doubt about that in
your mind?
Answer. None at all.
Question. What time was it?
Answer. It was not far from twelve o'clock.
Question. 1 understood you to fix that time
of day by something that happened with the
Attorney General. What was that?
Answer. I called on tho President on the
22d, about twelve o'clock. The reception for
official business at the Navy Department is
from eleven to twelve. I left as soon as I
well could, after that matter was over, and
therefore it was a little before twelve, I suppose.
When I arrived at the President's and called
on him, the Atttorney General was there.
While there, the nomination of Mr. Ewing
was made out.
Question. Never mind about that; I am not
now speaking of that.
Answer. I am speaking of that. The Pri
vate Secretary wished to get it up to the Sen-
ate as early as ho could; and Mr. Stanbery
remarked that he wished to be here, I think,
about twelve; that he had some appointment
about twelve; and it had got to be nearly that
time then.
Question. 1 understood you to say that ho
had some appointment in the Supremo Court.
Was that so ?
Answer. I will not be sure that it was.
Question. Did you not state yesterday that
he had an appointment in the Supreme Court?
Answer. Perhaps I inferred that it was there;
I cannot say that he said it was at the Supreme
Court, or where it was.
Question, Did you not so testify yesterday?
Answer. Perhaps I did.
Question. How was the fact ?
Answer. He had an engagement.
Question. How was the fact as to your testi-
mony yesterday—not what perhaps you did,
but how do you remember you testified on that
point yesterday?
Answer. I presume I testified that he was to
come here at twelve o'clock to the Supreme
Court, because that was my inference. I sup-
posed it was so. He had an engagement at
twelve o'clock, and wanted to get away as soon
as he could ; and it was in connection with the
nomination of Mr. Ewing, which went up at
the same time.
Question. Have you not heard since yester-
day that the court did not sit on Saturdays?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Have you heard anything on that
subject?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Do you know whether they sit on
Saturdays, or not?
Answer. 1 do not.
Question. You do not know upon that mat-
ter?
Answer. I do not.
Question. Now, sir, did you learn that there
was any other movement of troops, except an
order upon one officer of the regiment to meet
General Emory ?
Answer. Well, I heard of two or three things
that evening.
Question. I am now speaking of the officers
of the regiment?
Answer. I understand.
Question. Did you learn that there was any
other movement of troops except an order to
an officer of the regiment to meet General
Emory?
Answer. I heard that the officers of the regi-
ment were required to meet at headquarters
that evening.
Question. At what time?
Answer. That evening.
Mr. EVARTS. The 21st.
By Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. The evening of the 21st?
Answer. The evening of the 21st.
Question. And that the officers were called
to headquarters?
Answer. The officers were called to head-
quarters.
Question. Did you learn whether it was to
give them directions about keeping away from
a masquerade or going to it as a reason why
they were called to headquarters?
Ansioer. I did not hear the reasons. If I
had heard the reasons perhaps they would have
satisfied me. 1 do not know how that may be.
Question. You did not hear the reasons?
Answer. No; I knew the fact that they had
been called to meet at headquarters that even-
ing, which was an unusual order, and were
called from a party, I believe.
Question. What party?
Ansioer. A party that was in F or G street,
I think ; a reception.
Question. That they were called from a
party to go to headquarters. Now, sir, that
was all the movement of troops you spoke of
yesterday to us, was it not?
Answer. I do not recollect that I spoke of
others. I spoke of that.
Question. Had you any other in your mind
yesterday but that?
Answer. There were some other movements
in my mind ; but perhaps not connected with
General Emory, unless they were called there
for a purpose.
Question. There was none communicated to
you, whatever might have been in your mind,
was there?
Answer. What do you mean by "none com-
municated ?"'
Question. No other movements were com-
municated to you, whatever may have been in
your mind, that evening ?
Answer. I heard of movements that even-
ing, or heard of appearances. I heard that
the War Department was lighted up, which
was an unusual matter.
Question. You heard that the War Depart-
ment was lighted up?
Answer. I did. I do not know that I alluded
to that to President Johnson ; but that was
one of the circumstances that I heard of the
evening before.
Question. Then the movement was the call
of the officers of one regiment to meet Gen-
eral Emory. How many officers did you hear
were called?
Answer. I did not hear the number of offi-
cers. I heard that General Emory's son and
his orderlies, one or two, bad called at a party,
requesting that any officers belonging to the
fifth regiment, and, I believe, to his own, should
repair forthwith to headquarters; which was
thought to be a very unusual movement.
Question. I did not ask for your thoughts
about it?
Answer. Well, I thought it was.
