4340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
not so. There is not, one of those 72 names,
honorable, high-minded, intelligent,gentlemen,
in the tvreiity-third precinct,, who does not
swear thev voted tor me at that election, and
yet there is not one of their votes counted for
me in this record. I have since had 10 more
names, making 82. I saw some seventy others
when I was at home, who told me they would
swear that they did not vote for William A. Pile.
They said. '-What is the use of making an affi-
davit of that? the House of Representatives
does not, care.'' Such is the character you have
got. "The House of Representatives does
not care whether you are elected by 500 ma-
jority or not; they intend to perpetrate this
fraud." I told them no; that I did not be-
lieve the House of Representatives intended
to carry out any such fradulent purpose; but
they were not disposed to send their names
here appended to an affidavit. 13ut I got 82 ;
and here they are. Here are the affidavits of
82 men, equal to any in St. Louis, lawyers,
doctors, merchants, mechanics, bankers, and
business men, all swearing that they gave their
votes for me. Still, by chicanery and fraud,
these votes are every one counted for the sit-
ting member, and assist in making his assumed
170 majority. If taken from him it leaves him
but 88, and added to my vote about of itself
elects mo.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. COOK. I move that the gentleman's
time be extended.
The SPEAKER. For how long?
Mr. HOGAN. Ten minutes.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. HOGAN. Now, sir, those 82 names, not
one of whom voted for him, not one of whom
are counted for mc, are every one counted for
him. Take 82 from him and add them to me,
and it will overbalance his 170 majority as made
out by the committee. There are 100 more
votes that were fraudulently transferred to him
in this same precinct. I ask the House to con-
template this condition of things. You are here
to judge of the right. You are here to act on
honor and principle. You are here honorable
men representing an honest constituency. Are
you, then, going to sustain frauds like this?
Are you going to retain among you a man who
comes here on votes given for another but trans-
ferred to him? This done, too, in one of the
most intelligent precincts in the district, and of
the best known men, men whose political status
is as well known as any in the city. I assume
that if done there, if such well known votes are
transferred from me to him, doubtless the same
thing has been done in hundreds of other cases
in other parts of the city, of men whoso polit-
ical opinions are not so thoroughly known.
Hero is "ballot stuffing" with a vengeance
by the advocates of moral ideas. Is this the
way you expect in the future to succeed? We
shall endeavor to watch your manipulations.
I leave that point. I have a little calcula-
tion here. I presented 129 names of men who
voted for me, but were illegally refused their
votes. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook]
says that some of them did not say they voted
for me. Well, that is so; some of them did
not say they voted for me. They were not
asked. But, sir, they were my friends, they
were all brought up by me; their testimony
is presented on my side of the evidence, and
the fair presumption is that they did voto for
me. It was but an omission of the lawyers
who attended to my case who did not ask them
whether tlicy did or not vote for me.
But there are more: there are, perhaps,
8 or 10 of that class out, of 129, and there are 25
more who were deprived of their right to voto
because the registration officer was himself a
candidate for oifice, and he knew they would
not voto for him, hence rejected them. But
I will put hereon paper this simple statement,
and gentlemen, if they please, can recur to it
and see how the matter is. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Cook] admitted that the
night vote wa3 counted. Now, I take off that,
vote. In precinct No. 25 the gentleman does
furnish the names of substitutes for those that
I furnished. He furnishes all, he says, except
4; at precinct No. 26, all except 8 ; at precinct
No. 27, ail except 20; at precinct No. 28, ail
except 6. Now, the gentleman admits that
there were many of the names given that were
claimed by the sitting member and by the gen-
tleman to be substituted for names improperly
voted, who had voted in their own names. I
gave that list, amounting to some 25. I take
this as not being the men that it is alleged they
should be substituted for, who voted in their
own names, and these, with the night voto, and
the vote admitted not to bo found at the thir-
tieth precinct, makes K!7. That leaves the
majority of the sitting member 81.
Now, sir, take the vote refused for me at the
different precincts which I give here, amount-
ing to 129, and then take the 25 who were
improperly rejected by the registration officers,
who were honestly and fairly eutitled to regis-
tration, and who did vote for me, anditleaves
mo a majority in the district on this view alone
of over 70, independent of all other matters.
I am clcoted by this showing independently of
the 82 men who swear they voted for me and
yet are counted for the sitting member. And
this is by what is admitted in the report of the
majority of the committee, and what they
omitted to allow, yet in the verbal statement
just made by the member it is clear was an
accidental omission. That has been admitted
to be proper testimony in the case of Vallan-
digham vs. Campbell, and in the case of the
broad seal of New .lersey, where the right of
the voter to designate for whom he voted is
held by this House and by the Committee of
Elections. Those votes ought in all fairness
to be counted for mo. This is independent of
all these other precincts. I could show you
where 25 votes, which by this testimony were
cast for me were laid aside and not counted at
all by the judges of one of the precincts. I
could show you by the testimony of other wit-
nesses here that 153 votes were laid aside and
not counted by the judges, mostly given for me.
I could showyou various fraudulent appliances
in this transaction, but my time is nearly out.
I do not want to obtrude upon the House,
who have shown me so much favor ; but I will
just say in conclusion that I have served with
many, if not most of the members on this floor,
and I know they arc high-minded, intelligent
men. I believe I have so demeaned myself
as to have the respect and confidence of most
of those with whom I served in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress. I assure you upon my honor
as a man that if I did not believe I was hon-
estly elected to this House I would never have
attempted to make a contest here. You can-
not pay me for the value of my labor. You
cannot pay me for the time that I have spent.
You cannot pay me any pecuniary considera-
tion that would remunerate me for my efforts
in this ease to attain the honorable position to
which I know I was honorably elected, but
by fraud deprived of. Now, I say to you, you
have got to pass upon this question ; you have
got to decide it finally; you have got to say
whether you will rise above party considera-
tions and decide it according to right and
justice. A pure ballot-box is the safeguard
of our institutions. What matters though your
majority of three fourths or more in this House
be reduced by one. Must party drag you down
so lovvas to vote to retain one amongyou whom
you all must recognize is here by fraud ? By
so doing you all become parties to the fraud.
He occupies one of your seats here as an equal.
You were, I assume, honestly elected; he was
not. You represent the will of your constitu-
ents when you vote and speak; he does not.
If I was not elected, surely he was not; yet.
will you still, because he is of your party, per-
mit him to occupy this seat obtained by these
fraudulent means, and thus give il your sanc-
tion ? I appeal to your honor, your love of
country, of right, of fairness, of a pure and
honest ballot, one time during this Congress
to rise above party and to the dignity of states-
men and do justice to a defrauded constitu-
ency, and to one who, differing with you hon-
estly, has still endeavored to demean himself
honorably amongyou. Sincerely thankingyou
for the courtesy you have shown me, I leave
this case with you.
[Here the hammer fell.]
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER^ TABM?.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a privileged motion.
One hour having been devoted to the consid-
eration of reports of committees, I move that
the House now proceed to the consideration
of business on the Speaker's table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
72, noes 88.
Mr. OULLOM. As a great many members
are absent, supposing the election ease would be
continued, I demand the yeas and nays, and
call for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tollers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
proceeded to the consideration of business on
the Speaker's table.
NAVY AND MARINE CORPS.
The first business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 941) to amend certain acts in rela-
tion to the Navy and Marine corps.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move that
the amendments be referred to the Committee
ou Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PENSION LAWS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. li. No. 1010) relating to pensions.
Mr. PI3RHAM. I move that the amend-
ments of the Senate be non-concurred in, and
that a conference be asked on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Speaker
appointed Mr. Perham, Mr. Polsley, and Mr.
Trimble of Kentucky, managers of the con-
ference on the part of the House.
POSTAL LAWS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 1205) to further amend the postal
laws.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
amendments of the Senate be non-concurred
in, and that a committee of conference be asked
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Mr. Farnsworth, Mr. Ferry, and
Mr. Johnson managers of the conference on
the part of the House.
PURCHASE OF ALASKA.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. No. R. 1090) making an appropriation of
money to carry into effect the treaty with Russia
of March 80, 1867.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the amendments
of the Senate be non-concurred in, and that a
committee of conference be asked on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, and on that
motion I demand the previous question.
The amendments of the Senate were read, as
follows:
out thefirst section after the en fie ting clause,
as follows: lhat the assent ot Congress is lierobv
given to the stipulations of said treaty."
tion" b0 ena0tiBS clauSB of ttie second sec-
Strike out the preamble of the bill in the following
ie,as President uf the United States,
on tile otiui of March, 18b7, entered into a treaty with
the emperor ot Russia, by tlie terms of which it w,,s
stipulated that 111 consideration ot the cession bvthe
emperor ot xxussia to _tho United States of ecrtain
territory tnerem described, the baited States should
pity to the emperor of Russia the sum of $7,200,000
m coin; and whereas it was further stipulated in
said treaty that, the United States shall accept of
such cession, and that ceitatn inhabitants ot said
racinr/wefUfslI Iva ^ .1 t 11 _ •i ■ .*
whereas the subjects thus emoraceu in toe stip-
ulations 01 haid treaty are among the subjects which
by the Constitution of the United States are submit-
ted to the power of Congress and over which. Con-
