3316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2Bt
attention of the few representatives of the
opposite party on the other side of this Cham-
ber, and hope, when the question comes up,
to get their votes ; and that the party I belong
to here, peculiarly representing, as I believe,
human rights, shall be, if not voluntarily spring
into this contest, shamed into it. 1 do not
intend that it shall be left unacted upon.
If this subject were near the heart of my
honorable friend from Massachusetts as other
subjects that he takes hold of, think you that
he would not press it upon the attention of
the committee of which he is chairman, and
then upon the attention of the Senate? Why,
sir, with what eagerness he rises in his place
when he has a petition to present here involv-
ing an alleged outrage upon a single indi-
vidual, and that within the reach of our right
bands or right arms! But upon this subject
month after month may pass, season after
season—nay, year after year—and American
citizens may rot and die in foreign prisons!
1 now, Mr. President, conclude by giving
notice that at an early day of the coining week
I shall propose a resolution to discharge the
Committee on Foreign delations from the fur-
ther consideration, of the subject, that the
"Senate of the United States may vote upon it.
Mx-. SUMNER. I ask now action on the
bill before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I hope there will be no
action taken immediately on this bill. We
should at least understand something more
about it.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will be good
enough to look at the printed letter which
accompanies it, and the decree of the district
court, I think lie will find that there is no occa-
sion for delay. The bill simply carries out the
decree.
Mr. STEWART. Thereis no written report
of the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; it is all in print.
Mr. STE WART. I should like to have the
bill lie over that I may look into it.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator raises the
question that the United States is not to carry
into execution a decree of the district court
adjudging that the United States shall pay a
certain sum of money, then there may be occa-
sion for it to lie over.
Mr. STEWART. I must certainly raise
that very question. If any of our courts have
awarded damages to British subjects for illegal
captures, or anything of the kind, I am op-
posed to making any appropriation for paying
them until the Alabama claims are settled,
and particularly the claims of those whalers
in the Pacific ocean who were destroyed by
Waddell, who was afterward harbored in Eng-
land. Six weeks after the fall of the rebellion,
thisman, Waddell, destroyed an entire whaling
Beet, destroying the whole property, the sub-
stance of their lives, of the poor men who
owned those vessels. They were burned by
him when he had before Him papers announc-
ing the end of the rebellion, but he said he did
not care for that; and he afterward went to
Great Britain and was harbored there. I un-
derstand he has been here at Annapolis since,
and is now harbored by our Government. No
steps have been taken to relieve those suffer-
ers; and until there can be mutual justice
done, uutil there can be some arrangement
made in regard to the damages done by the
privateers that Great Britain sent out to destroy
our commerce, I think we should refuse all
appropriations to pay just or unjust claims to
British subjects for damages sustained during
our war. I do not complain of the decision
of the court in the case, because I know noth-
ing of the facts ; but I would not pay any such
claim until there shall be a settlement of the
claims of ourcitizens. They have been treated
a great deal worse than British subjects have
been, have been subjected to much greater
losses, and under more crnel and aggravating
circumstances. I do not think it is a very
good time to make appropriations to pay claims
of British subjects at this session, and I hope
the bill will be postponed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to ask a
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is one o'clock, I
believe.
The PRESIDENT pro Umpwt. To-day was
set apart for the consideration of pension bills
at this hour.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Indiana proposed to ask a question
in regard to the bill which has been under dis-
cussion.
Mr. CONNESS. I think that had better go
over to-day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was going to ask the
Senator from Massachusetts if the court has
decided the question ?
Mr. SUMNER. The court has decided, and
the bill is to carry into effect the decree of th,e
court.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is this a question of
restitution?
Mr. SUMNER. It is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Was the vessel sold?
Mr. SUMNER. The vessel was sold.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What became of the
money? Was it paid into the Treasury? Is
this to pay the amount that the vessel sold for?
Mr. SUMNER. It is to pay that amount.
It is a case of restitution where there was an
illegal capture.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the money has not
been paid into the Treasury, the court can pay
it on a restitution.
Mr. SUMNER. The money has been paid
into the Treasury, and the deoree of the court
now adjudges the United States responsible to
this amount, and distributes the same according
to the proportions mentioned in the bill among
the owners of the vessel and of the cargo.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is the aggregate ?
Mr. SUMNER. It is mentioned in the bill,
but I have forgotten the precise amount.
There is a report accompanying it. I went
over the facts of the case in drawing the bill
some time ago, and I cannot remember the
precise figures. The bill was founded pre-
cisely on the decree.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Mr. President, I ask
the Senate to proceed with the pension bills.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Senator calls
up his bills, I wish to understand whether the
pending bill will lead to debate? If so, I shall
not press it now.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to examine
th.e papers; and if there is a report there I
hope it will be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. It is printed and on your
table; it has been printed for some time.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say that I desire
to be heard on this subject again. . I have some
information now touching the action of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and will state
what that is on another occasion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the order of
the day, being the bills reported from the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
message from tile house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 170) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to provide for carrying the mails
from the United States to foreign ports, and
for other purposes," approved March 25, 1864;
A bill (H. R. No. 598) to continue the Bu-
reau for the Relief-of Frecdmen and Refugees,
and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 538) to extend the bound-
aries of the collection district of Philadelphia
so as to include the whole consolidated city of
Philadelphia;
Ahill(H. R. No. 861) relating to the Supreme
Court of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 198) to reestablish the'
boundaries of the collection districts of Mich-
igan and Michilimackinae, and to change the
names of the collection districts of Michili-
mackinac and Port Huron; and
A bill (H. R. No. 764) for the relief of cer-
tain exporters of distilled spirits.
The message further announced that tire
House had concurred in the concurrent reso-
lution of the Senate tendering the thanks of
Congress to Hon. Edwin M. StantonT late Sec-
retary of War. T TT
jFh© message also announced that the .House
had agreed to the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (S. No. 184) granting a pension to Mrs.
Ann Corcoran.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 436) for the
relief of Thomas Crossley ; and the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 134) authorizing a change
of mail service between Fort Abercrombie and
Helena, severally without .amendment.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 563) for the preservation of the harbors
of the United States against encroachments;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed. .
HENRY E. MORSE.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to consider House bill No. 152.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 162) for the relief of the -widow and
children of Henry E. Morse was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to direct the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the- pension-roll the names of the widow
and minor children under sixteen years of age
of Henry E. Morse, late a private in company
G, ninth regiment Vermont volunteers, subject-
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading,, read
the third time, and passed.
MILTON ANDERSON.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move thatjhe Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 246.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 240) granting a pension to Milton An-
derson was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The bill is a direction to the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Milton An-
derson, late a private in company K, of the
one hundred and fifteenth regiment Illinois
infantry volunteers, on the pension-roll, at the
rate of fifteen dollars per month, to commence
from the 1st day of May, 1863, and to con-
tinue during his natural life.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to inquire of the
honorable Senator from West Virginia whether
all these bills whioh are being passed have
received his personal examination ?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. They have not only
received my personal examination, bat are
House bills, and have been examined and ap-
proved by the committee there and then base
passed the House of Representatives.
Mr.-CONKLING. That of course welnow.
As they are House bills, they have passed the
House, or they would not be here. But I
would like to know whether, independent of
that, the Senator has himself examined them?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I can assure the Sen-
ator that I have examined and I believe read
every paper in all the cases, and they have also
been canvassed before the Pension Committee
of the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JAMES L. DICKERSON.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 257.
