1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3317
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.R.
No. 257) for the relief of James L. Dickerson
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
By its terms the Secretary of the Interior is
to place on the pension roll the name of James
L. Dickerson, late a private in company D, first
West Virginia artillery, in the war of 1861, and
to pay him the same pension allowed privates,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
general pension laws, to commence on the 27th
day of June, 1865.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MARY B. CRAIG.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 258.
The motion wasagreedto; and the bill (H.R.
No. 258) for the relief of Mary B. Craig was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides for placing the name of Mary B. Craig,
of Marshall county, West Virginia, widow of
Samuel P. Craig, on the pension-roll, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commence
on the 1st day of July, 1865, subject to the
limitations and provisions of the pension laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed,
MARGARET HUSTON.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 280.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H. R.
No. 280) to grant a pension to Margaret Huston
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Margaret Huston on the
roll of pensions as a widow, at the rate of sev-
enteen dollars per month, from January 1,1865,
subject to the limitations and provisions of the
pension laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
DAVID VAN NORDSTRAND.
Mr. VAN WINKLE^ I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 455.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 455) granting a pension to David ^an
Nordstrand was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides for placing the name
of David Van Nordstrand, late of company H,
of the one hundred and twenty-seventh regi-
ment of Indiana volunteer infantry, on the
pension-roll, at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month, from and after the passage of the act.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend the
bill by striking out the words " the passage of
this act," and inserting " 9th day of October,
1864."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask the
Senator what is the reason for going back?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The law expressly
puts it at the date of the injury or discharge.
This bill was founded principally on the evi-
dence of Mr. Speaker Colfax. He drew the
bill himself, and made a mistake in drawing it,
which he did not perceive until it had passed
the House of Representatives. He then came
to me and asked me to offer the amendment.
It is strictly in accordance with law.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the amendment
make the pension date from the time of the dis-
ability, or from the discharge?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I cannot say which.
The disability was the loss of a leg.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the disability was so
marked as the loss of a leg, why could not the
person get his pension in the regular way ?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. This man lost his leg
when he was sent off on particular duty. He
was on a railroad car and fell from the top of
the car, and his leg was crushcd. At the time
this oceurred the Pension Office was not in the
habit of allowing pensions in such cases; but
I am entirely satisfied on examination that it is
a correct case, and that the man should have
his pension according to the amendment.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
CORNELIA K. SCHMIDT.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 517.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill H.
R. No. 517) granting a pension to Cornelia K.
Schmidt, widow of Adam Schmidt, deceased,
late a private in company A, thirty-seventh
Ohio volunteers, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. By its terms the Secretary
of the Interior is to place on the pension-roll
the name of Cornelia K. Schmidt, widow of
Adam Schmidt, deceased, a private in company
A, thirty-seventh regiment Ohio volunteers,
and to pay her the pension allowed a private
during her widowhood, subject to the provis-
ions and limitations of thepension laws, to com-
mence on the 10th day of April, 1864; and in
ease of her death or marriage the pension is to
be paid to the minor children of Adam Schmidt,
deceased, who may be under sixteen years of
age, subject to the provisions of the general
pension laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
ELIZA J. RENNARD.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 517.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (II.
R. No. 517) granting a pension to Eliza J.
Rennard, widow of William K. Rennard, de-
ceased, late a private in tenth Ohio volunteers,
of war of 1861, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to direct the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll the name of Eliza J. Rennard, widow of
William K. Eennard, deceased, a private in
tenth Ohio battery of volunteers of the war
of 1861, and to pay her the pension allowed a
private during her widowhood, subject to the
provisions and limitations of thepension laws,
to commence on the 1st day of March, 1865;
and in case of her death or marriage the pen-
sion is to be paid to the minor children of
William K. Rennard^ deceased, who may be
under sixteen years of age, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the general pension
laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
JOSEPHINE K. BUGHER.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 520.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 520) to place the name of Josephine
K. Bugher on the pension-roll was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. By its terms
the Secretary of the Interior is to place the
name of Josephine K. Bugher, of Missouri, on
the pension-roll, at the rate of twenty dollars
per month, commencing on the 1st day of
August, 1861, as widow of Captain William J.
Bugher, subject to the limitations and provis-
ions of the pension laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
susan a. mitchell.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 526.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 526) increasing the pension of Susan
A. Mitchell was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll; subjcct to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Susan A.
Mitchell, mother of Lieutenant Leander P.
Alley, late of company I, twentieth Massachu-
setts regiment volunteer infantry, as the mother
of a second lieutenant, in lieu of the pension
she is now receiving.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
JOHN Q. A.-KECK.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 236.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 236) granting a pension to Johu Q.'A.
Keck, late a private in the third Missouri cav-
alry, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for placing the name of
John Q. A. Keck, late a private in the third
Missouri cavalry, on the pension-roll, to com-
mence on the 19tli day of December, 1862, and
to be subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws.
The Committee on Pensions proposed to
amend the bill by inserting after the word
"roll," in line four, the words "and to pay
him a pension of fifteen dollars per month."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third ti me.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
ALMIRA WYETH.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 411.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 411) for the relief of Almira Wyeth
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Pensions propose'd to
strike out all of the bill after the enacting
clause, in these words:
That the name of Almira Wyeth, widow of James
M. Wyeth, late a private in company X, seventy-
fifth regiment Illinois volunteers, bo placed on the
pension-roll in pursuance of existing law in suck
eases, commencing on the 5th day of March, 1863.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
That the Secretary of the Interior is heroby author-
ized and directed to place the name of Almira Wyeth,
widow of James M. Wyeth, late a private in com-
pany I, seventy-fifth regiment Illinois volunteers,
on the pension-roll, and allow and pay her a pension
at the rate of eight dollars per month, from the 5th
day of March, 1863, to continue during her widow-
hood.
The amend ment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read the third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE F. GORIIAM.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 518.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 518) granting a pension to George F.
Gotham, late a private in company B, twenty-
ninth regiment Massachusetts volunteer in-
fantry, was considered as in Committee ef the
Whole.
The first section is a direction to the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll the name of George F. Gorham, late a
private in company B, twenty-ninth regiment
Massachusetts volunteer infantry, in the war
of 1861, and provides that he be paid the
same amount of pension allowed in similar
cases, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the general pension laws, to be com-
puted from the 16th day of January, 1805.
The second section providesthat inasmuch
as George F. Gorham is now insane, and his
father, John J. Gorham, appointed guardian,
it is ordered and directed _ that the pension
money be paid over to said guardian to be
applied to the support of George F. Gorham
during his insanity.
The Committee on Pensions reported an
