1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1269
try, because, as he says, be does not believe
he tells this truth; it was still but an artifice in
advance of his application for his seat in this
bodyl There is a fact to which I propose to
call the attention of the Senate which I hope
will satisfy even the honorable member from
Michigan that he has done my colleague great
injustice.^ I do not know that the Senate re-
member it; perhaps many of them may when
I recall the fact to their notice. There was a
claim against the Government of some four or
five hundred thousand dollars made by a man
by the name of De Groot for bricks furnished
to the aqueduct in the neighborhood of this
city. That work was then under the charge
of the Secretary of War, Floyd. De Groot
presented a claim of four or five hundred thou-
sand dollars—I forget the exact amount—and
it was allowed. The President of the United
States was startled when he understood that such
a claim had been audited, and he demanded a
readjustment of the account by the Secretary
of War. He undertook what he called a read-
justment, and he ascertained, as he said, that
the balance due to the contractor was $119,000,
and drew his warrant upon the Treasury for
that amount. Rumors were alloat during the
whole period the claim was pending—whether
true or not Heaven only knows, and I mention
them not for the purpose of treading unkindly
upon the grave of Floyd—that he was inter-
ested in the claim. My colleague—a cocon-
spirator with Floyd, as it is supposed—found the
warrant on his table on the 15th of December,
1860. He supposed that the claim had been
disposed of before, and so-did the President.
He refused, to sign it. Floyd became evi-
dently incensed and writes to him a letter, the
original of which I have in my hand, desiring
my colleague to sign the warrant, as will be
seen by the reading of the letter. It is as
follows:
Wak Department, December 15,18G0.
Sir: Upon a careful and veiy minute reinvestisa,-
tion of the De Groot en-'e from the beginning to the
end, I have felt constrained to adhere to my first
decision. The requisition for the amount that is due
to Do Groot, with all the papers in the ease, have
been returned to the Treasury, Enid I shall be glad
to know that it is paid, and thus he relieved trom
any further annoyance in regard to the subject.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN B. JXOYD,
Secretary of Vtar.
Hon. Philip F. Thomas, Secretary of the Treasury.
But Mr. Thomas was firm. ITe received on
or about that day a letter from New York in-
closing a short editorial in the New York Tri-
bune charging fraud in the adjustment of that
account, and he said to himself, and he acted
upon that determination, ''It never shall re-
ceive my sanction." Floyd was naturally in-
censed. My colleague, the coconspirator of
Floyd, the man charged at the time in the
papers of the day with having an interest in this
claim, (and by many the charge was believed to
be true.) anxious evidently 1o have the amount
of the claim adjusted, tells him to his face,
" Never through me shall the claim be paid."
That is the dishonest man ; that is the man de-
void of honor, in the estimation of the honorable
gentleman from Michigan!
Sir, my colleague was in the Treasury from
the 12th of December, 1SC0, until, I believe, the
11th of January, 1801. He came into the ser-
vice of the General Government a poor man,
as far as wealth is concerned, but rich in in-
tegrity ; and with all the advantages of which
be might have availed himself during the twenty
or thirty days that he was at the head of the
Treasury.no man ever dreamed that he had
not faithfully accounted for every dollar of the
public money and faithfully guarded the Treas- j
ury against unjust demands. j
He left the treasury as poor as he entered §
it. And that is the man whom the honorable ;
member from Michigan would have us believe
isdev oid of honesty l" He had under his charge j
thr,;e or four million dollars, tlm proceeds ol i
a Iomi. and what was in the sub-Treasury Irom :
time to time; and not one dollar was ever known ;
to soil his hands- Jlc had the power to trans- i
fer all the funds under his charge to the South, i
Not a dollar did he transfer. The only places
to which he made a transfer were Washington
and Pittsburg; and, with a view of making
good the account in the sub-Treasury at New
York to meet calls, while the transfers v.hich
he was obliged to make were being made in
order to carry on the Government, he trans-
ferred from St. Louis, in Missouri, a State
then trembling in the balance, a State then
which it was supposed would become one of
the States of the confederacy, $350,000 to New
York to meet the wants of the Government
there. That is the man that the honorable
member from Michigan supposes to be dis-
honest and faithless to his trust I And from
the time he left the Treasury to the period
when he was elected by the people of his dis-
trict a Representative in the State Legislature,
no man ever heard him utter a word against the
Government, of his country in any sense which
could be considered as disloyalty.
The honorable member from Michigan ought
to be cautioned by what has actually occurred
in this case to himself. He presented to the
Senate—it having been transmitted to him for
that purpose—a report of the directors of the
Bank of Commerce in New York made in 1862,
after my colleague had left the Treasury De-
partment, in which it was charged that he bad
transferred the funds of the Government to the
South in a treasonable conspiracy with Cobb.
I say the honorable member ought to be warned
from indulging in mere suspicion by the result
of the examination into the truth of thai charge.
The honorable member from Illinois [Mr.
Tuu.mhuu/J read to the Senate yesteiday what
the officer in charge of the public funds in New
York, the Assistant Treasurer, said in relation
to that charge. "I heard it," he told that
committee, u for the first time when it was
presented in the Senate by the honorable mem-
ber from Michigan. No man could have been
more surprised at such a charge than 1 was,
for 1 know, and I knew then, that i\1r. Thomas
did everything that be could do while Secre-
tary of the Treasury lo preserve the credit of
the Government." And yet that was one of
the grounds, and the main ground apparently,
upon which the honorable member from Mich-
igan objected to his being admitted into the
Senate upon his credentials. It turned out to
be wholly unfounded. I do not mean to say
that the officers of the bank or the directors
who were parties to that charge knowingly
intended injustice to my colleague; but the
fact is that they stabbed him in the dark—
stabbed him without the slightest provocation.
The honorable member from California has
told us that as long as he has a seat in this
body he will not consent to come into contact
with any man who was not lo\al to the Union
at the beginning or during the progress of the
late war.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator is mistaken ;
that was not my exact language.
Mr. JOHNSON. I stand corrected.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not say that I would
refuse to come into contact with such a per-
son ; but that he should not come in contact
with this branch of the legislative department
and make laws for the country.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I understand. That
is the contact the honorable member meant.
I suppose lie would be willing to associate with
him in private life ; but it is here that he ap-
prehends some great mischief may be done to
the country, or, perhaps, that he himself may
catch the disease of disloyalty.
Now, Mr. President, the honorable member
from California, and the. honorable member
from Michigan have told us, and so spoke the
honorable member from Connecticut the other
day in the short speech that he made while
interrupting the honorable member from Illi-
nois, that, war at the time ol the resignation
of Mr. Thomas was flagrant.
Mr. 1-EK11Y. If the allusion is to me, I
will state that I said nothing whatever about
the occurrences at the time of the resignation
of Mr. Thomas. I placed no otress whatever
on that subject in the remarks which I made.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, I have done the
honorable member injustice by the fact of not
having clearly understood him. I thought he
said so ; but somebody said so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mich-
igan.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator frcJm Mich-
igan said that war was flagrant. That, when
it was first stated, amazed me very much and
in part for the reasons which I gave yesterday,
that even as late as the 27th of February, 1801,
men whose honor will not be impeached, whose
loyalty will not be called in question, supposed
that, war might bo prevented by measures of
compromise. But what, occurred afterward ?
That man who stands high, and no doubt
justly in the estimation of those who admired
his course as President of the United States,
and whose private character is beyond re-
proach, the circumstances of whose death, if
nothing else, have embalmed his memory not
only in the minds of his countrymen but in the
heart of the world, in his inaugural address,
delivered on the 4th of March, 1801, concludes
the affecting appeal which he made to the
American people, by a sentence or two which
I will read:
"Iu your hands, my dissatisfied fellow-country-
men, and not in mine, is the momentous issue of
civil war. The Government will not assail you.
You can have no conflict without being yourselves
the aggiessors. You have no oath registered in
heaven to destroy the (government, while I shall
have the most solemn one to 'preserve, protect, and
delend it.'
"I am loth to close. Wo are not enemies, but
friends. "We must not be enemies. Though passion
inm>' have strained, it must not break our bonds of
affection. The mystic choids of memory, stretch-
ins from every battle field and patriotgravo to every
living heart and hearthstone, all over this broad
land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when
again touched, as surely they will be, by the better
angels of our nature.
Mr. President, do the honorable members
who tell us that, war was flagrant know better the
condition of the country than did their chosen
President? Is it not, on the contrary, evident
that so far from considering war to be actually
waged, he looked, as every patriotic man in
the country looked, anxiously to the adoption
of measures on either side that would avert so
dire a calamity? Was it not a dire calamity
to anticipate ? Look at the result of its occur-
rence. Almost every house throughout our
immense domain still wears the badges of
mourning for the loss in battle or by disease
in the Army of a father, a brother, or a son.
Look at the South. Desolation reigned at the
moment of its termination. The tread of armies
on either side brought as it progressed ruin to
the sur\i\ors and death to hundreds of thou-
sands. President Lincoln, therefore, and every
man of generous heart, every man with a heart
in his bosom which God can honor, looked to
the occurrence of a civil war in the future,
on the 4th of March, 1801, with horror, and
resolved, as lie resolved, to avert it as far as
depended upon him by everything short of
abandoning duty to the Government.
There was another reason to fear. Gentle-
men. now that the war is over, may compla-
cently tell us that the result, from the first.,
was certain. There was a time when some of
those who tell-us that story did not so think.
I remember not only iu my own case, but in
the case of several members now in the hear-
S ing of my voice, that we trembled for the result
I of the conflict. 1 remember—and I suppose
1 no man felt it more sensibly than the honor-
1 able chairman of the Committee on Foreign
! Relations—with what solicitude we listened to
: the news wafted across the Atlantic by every
! vessel that arrived, whether England or France,
I either or both, would interfere in the contest;
| not becau.-e of any unmanly fear, not because
| the men of the North were notwillhig to meet
'• the combined force of England, branee, and
I the confederate States, but because of an ap-
pieheiision that in such a conflict the Union
might be dissolved and the Government de-
stroyed. And now we know that, there were
good grounds for entertaining the apprehen-
i sion of interference upon the part of the two
I Governments that I have mentioned. France
