THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Question. Those officers were asked to come
to headquarters. That was all you stated to
the President of movements of troops?
Answer. I will not say that that was all.
Question. Is it all that you remember you
did?
Answer. I will not be sure whether I stated
to him the fact of the lighting up of the War
Department that night, for that was the first
•of the intrencliment there, or whether I alluded
to the fact that there was a company, or part
of a company, reported to me as being soon
in the 
Question. Excuse me ; I am only asking
what you stated, not what you think you did
not state.
Answer. I say I do not know that I stated
that.
Question. And I am asking for what you
stated ?
Answer. I say I do not know that I stated
to the President that the War Department was
lighted up that night.
Question. I do not ask you for what you do
not know you stated, but what you know you
did state?
Mr. EVARTS. Tour question was, whether
that was all he stated, and he says he cannot
say whether it was all or not.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am asking if it
was all he stated, and I am asking not for what
he did not state, but for what he did.
Air. EVARTS. He says he cannot say but
that he did.
The Witness. I stated to him in relation
to General Emory and what I heard in regard
to him. Whether I alluded to the other facts
in my mind I cannot say now.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Very well; that
is exactly what I want; but I did not want to
■ et at what tile facts were. The 22d was to be
Kept as a holiday?
Answer. It is a half holiday, I believe. The
War Department closed that otfice ; but I sup-
pose that is in violation of law. The law is
hat the Departments shall be kept open, each
if them every day of the year, save Sundays
,uid the Fourth of July and the 25th of Decem-
ber. The War Department has sometimes 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Excuse me; I did
not ask you for your legal opinion.
The Witness. I am not giving a legal opin-
ion. I am stating facts.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. You say it is in vio-
lation of law. I suppose that is a legal opinion ?
The Witness. You can read the law and
see what it is.
Question. I am only asking you whether, in
fact, it is kept as a holiday ?
Answer. We did not keep it as a holiday,
as we keep the Fourth of J uly. The clerks were
at the Department and were required to clear
their desks before they left.
Question. How was it in the War Depart-
ment?
Answer. I understood—if you will allow me
to state that—-that the War Department was
closed on that day. I have understood it was
closed on other days; but the Navy Department
had not been closed in that way.
Question. I do not want any comparison
between the Navy and War Departments. I
only ask the fact if it was closed on that day.
Did you inquire whether the officers were
called together to notify them that the next
day was to be a holiday or not?
Answer. I made no inquiries on the subject
of others, but communicated to the President
what I had learned.
Edgar T. Welles sworn and examined.
By Mr. Evarts :
Question. You are the son of Mr. Secretary
Welles?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Are you employed in the Navy
Department ?
Answer. Yes, sir; I am chief clerk of the
Department.
Question, (presenting a paper to the wit-
ness. ) Please look at this paper and say if
that is a blank form of Navy agent's commis-
sions as used in the Department ?
Answer. It is the blank form that was used.
Question. Before the civil tenure bill ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Mr. EVARTS. We propose to offer it in
evidence.
[The document was handed to Mr. Manager
Butler.]
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We have no ob-
jection to that. Do you want it read ?
Mr. EVARTS. No.
The document thus put in evidence is as
follows:
President of the United States of America:
To all who shall see these presents, greeting :
Know ye, that reposing special trust and confi-
dence in the patriotism, fidelity, and abilities of
1" do, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate of the United States, appoint him
Navy agent for the .
Ho is therefore carefully and diligently to dis-
charge the duties of Navy agent, by doing and per-
forming all manner of tilings Ulerounto appertaining;
and he is to observe and follow the orders and direc-
tions which he may from time to time receive from
the President of tho United States and Secrotary of
the Navy.
This commission to continue in forco during the
term of four years from the .
Given under my hand at Washington, this — day
of , in tne year of our Lord one thousand
[l. s.] eight hundred and , and in tho year
of the independence of the United States.
By the President:
Secretary of the Navy.
Registered.
By Mr. Evarts :
Question. Do you remember, on Friday, the
21st of February, that your attention was drawn
to some movement, or supposed movement, con-
nected with military organization here?
Answer. I do.
Question.- At what hour of the day was that ?
Ansicer. I should suppose it was about five
o'clock.
Question. What was it, and how was it
brought to your attention ?
Answer. I was attending a small reception,
and the lady of the house informed me 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Excuse me. You
need not state what the lady of the house said.
Mr. EVARTS. It does not prove tho truth
of the lady's statement, but only what it was.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I beg your par-
don ; but as nothing but the truth is to be in
evidence we do not want tho lady's statement.
Mr. EVARTS. It came to his notice and
he acted upon it. That is the truth to bo
proved.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. In answer to that,
the truth is that this is not the proper way to
prove the truth of a case of impeachment, by
putting in what the lady said to this man. No
matter how lie got the information ; let him
give the information he gave to his father.
Air. EVARTS. Very well. [To the witness.]
What information did you get, whether it was
from a lady or not, I do not care?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No, sir; the ques-
tion should be, what information did lie give
to his father ?
Air. EVARTS. I want to prove that he
gave the same that he got; that lie did not
make it up. I certainly am permitted to prove
what occurred. It will all be over in three
minutes. [To the witness.] Did yon gain any
information concerning it?
Air. Manager BUTLER. On the whole, I
think it had better come in ; I will not object.
Air. EVARTS. It is utterly immaterial.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I think it is.
The Witness. General Emory had sent his
orderlies there that afternoon requesting cer-
tain officers named to me to report to head-
quarters immediately, and that after that Gen-
eral Emory's son, Dr. Tom. Emory, had come
there with the request that any officers of two
branches of the service—I do not recall what
two branches; cavalry and infantry or cavalry
and artillery—should report at headquarters
immediately.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, we cannot
hear the witness. We did not hear the answer
to the last question.
Mr. EVARTS. Does the Senator desire it
to be repeated?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
Mr. EVARTS, (to the witness.) Be so-good
as to repeat it.
Answer. That General Emory had sent cer-
tain orderlies requesting officers, who were
named, to report at headquarters without de-
lay, and had also sent his son, requesting that
any officers of two branches of theserviee, cav-
alry and infantry, or cavalry and artillery,
should report at headquarters immediately.
Question. After this, did you communicate
this to your father?
Answer. I did, sir.
Question. At what time ?
Answer. I should suppose it was about seven
o'clock.
Question. The same evening?
Answer. The same evening, between seven
and eight o'clock.
Question. Were you sent on any message to
the President concerning this ?
Answer. I was.
Question. By your father ?
Answer. I was sent by him over to the Pres-
ident's.
Question. Did you go ?
Answer. I did.
Question. At what hour in the evening?
Answer. Between eight and nine o'clock ;
shortly after I went home.
Question. Was it on an occasion of any en-
gagement of the President ?
Answer. The President was engaged at din-
ner.
Question. Was it a diplomatic dinner?
Answer, It was a State dinner. I do not
remember precisely tho character of it.
Question. Did you see him ?
Answer. I did not see him on that account.
Question. And you reported to your father ?
Answer. I reported to him that l did not see
him; that there was nobody at tho President's
Mansion to communicate with.
Question. Was anything further done that
night that you know of on the subject?
Answer. Nothing further that I know of.
No cross-examination.
Air. EVARTS. Air. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, we have in attendance, to give their evi-
dence, the Secretary of State, the Secretary
of the Treasury, the Secretary of the Interior,
and the Postmaster General, and we offer them
as witnesses to the same points that we have
inquired of from Air. AVelles, and that have
been covered by the rulings of the court. If
objection is made to their examination, of
coursc it must be considered as covered by the
rulings already made.
Air. WILLIAA1S. I did not fully under-
stand the last witness, and I should like to
have him recalled for a moment.
Edgar T. Welles recalled.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If allowable, I should
like to inquire of the witness whether what he
communicated to his father was told to him by
this lady, or whether it was communicated to
him by the officers?
A nswer. It was told to me by this lady.
Air. EVARTS. We tender the witnesses I
have named for examination upon the points
that Air. Secretary Welles has been interro-
gated concerning, and that the rulings of the
Senate have covered. If the objection is made,
it must be considered as covered by that ruling.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We object. We
have not objected that Mr. Welles was not a
credible witness, but only that the testimony
to be given was not proper.
Air. EVARTS. I understand that.
Alexander W. Raxdall sworn and exam-
ined.
By Mr. EvaRts :
Question. Mr. Randall, you are Postmaster
General?
Answer. I am, sir.
Question. From what time have you held
that office?
