2294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14i,
incurringin ordinary cases; but it seemed to the
committee that this was a matter of very grave
importance, and that if we print anything we
ought to. print this.
- Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of
theehaifman whether the Government Printing
.Office is printing in pamphlet form now what
the reporter of the Globe takes down—all the
proceedings.
Mr.:ANTHONY. Certainly, this is copied
from the Globe.
Mr. IIENDRICKS. Is that done under any
order made by the Senate on that subject?
. Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, it is done under an
order made by the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then there is no dif-
ference whether it be printed in the Globe or
at the Government Printing Office, as far as
expense is concerned.
Mr. ANTHONY. The form of the page
tliatisusedin the Globe would be inconvenient,
ill adapted to a book, and the type is too fine
to be conveniently read. The Senator, by
comparing the type of this book with the type
of the Globe, will see the difference.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand^ Senate
have ordered live thousand copies of this edition
already.
Mr. ANTHONY. That has been already
ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. And the question now is
whether we shall order live thousand more.
Mr. ANTHONY. Exactly ; and there are
three hundred pages now kept standing in type
in anticipation of this order. The printer wants
to distribute that type if we do not pass this
order, and hence it ought to lie disposed of.
Mr. POMEROY. As we have alreadypro-
vided for printing five thousand, this resolu-
tion will only involve the additional cost neces-
sary to print live thousand more from the same
type.
-Mr. ANTHONY. Merely the cost of the
paper and press-work, and 1 suppose the paper
and press-work will cost less at the Govern-
ment Printing Office than at any other estab-
lishment; so that, perhaps, it will cost, alter
all, not much to print it in this form, which is
much more desirable, at the Government Print-
ing Office, than it would be to make a contract
with the Globe to print it from their type. 01'
course they would be entitled to a profit on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Five thousand copies
have been already ordered. Now, what is the
use of incurring the expenditure of at least
$5,000 more? It is a very small item, to be
sure; but what is the use of incurring that
expense to supply persons with free books
when they can buy them, if they please, at the
Congressional Globe office?
Mr. ANTHONY. That is for the Senate to
judge; they have had the whole story.
Mr. DRAKE. As I offered this resolution
I will say a word about it. I do not think that
Congress will have during this session any doc-
ument to send forth to the country which the
people of the country will be more desirous to
see than the report of this trfal. It will be, to
be sure, in the Congressional Globe ; but very
few persons in any State will see the Congres-
sional Globe. By printing five thousand ad-
ditional copies of the book in the form in which
it is laid upon our tables here every day there
will be just that number more sent among the
people of the country to let them see what their
Senators and Representatives have heen doing
upon this occasion ; and as it will cost to put
them forth only the additional expense of paper
and press-work and binding, I submit that we
cannot, in my judgment, make any better ex-
penditure of money in printing than to provide
for these additional copies to go abroad among
the people, and let them see what we have
been doing in reference to this great transaction.
Mr. SHERMAN. I dislike to detain the
Senate in regard to a matter of this kind; but
we know that the proceedings of this trial are
published now in hundreds of thousands of
sheets daily in full, and they are read by the
people.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not in full.
Mr. SHERMAN. Substantially in full. I
have seen in the western papers and in the
New York papers very full and complete re-
ports, just as much as the people are willing
to read, just as much as they are willing to
demand. The proceedings are also published
complete in-the Congressional Globe, and be-
come a part of the records of the country in
the most permanent form, where they will be
enduring, where the people in future ages may
resort to see all that has been done during the
trial. Now, it is proposed, having ordered five
thousand copies of this work, to publish five
thousand more for free distribution among our
constituents. It is true the expense of it may
not be large ; probably $10,000 would cover it.
If the trial should fill two or three volumes, as
I presume it will, it will cost probably $>10,000.
That may not be a very large sum, but still it
is so much wasted, given away.
Mr. DRAKE. It will not cost half that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know what it
will cost. Can the Senator from Rhode Island
give us an idea of how much it will probably
(cost ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I can generally give an
idea of the cost of a document, but not of this,
because I cannot tell what it will amount to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose it will not be
less than two or three volumes.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is impossible to have
any idea of the cost, because we do not know
how long the (rial will last.
Mr. CONNESS. Under the addition offered
to the. rules to-day, 1 should think there would
be an additional volume.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it would bo safe
to estimate it at from five to ten thousand dol-
lars. That, however, is a very general esti-
mate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Although this is a small
matter, 1 appeal to the Senate whether it is
worth while to go info the free distribution of
this hook? Indeed, I hope that the whole sys-
tetn of distributing books among our constitu-
ents, at the expense of the great mass of the
people for the benefit of a verv few, will be
discontinued. I will not myself vote for it.
For the publication in the records of the coun-
try of these great proceedings in permanent and
enduring form for the benefit not only of the
present, but of future generations, I am per-
fectly willing to incur the necessary expense ;
but there is no department of this Government
in which the abuses are more gross and scan-
dalous than they are in printing for the Gov-
ernment of the United States. The printing
in various forms for Congress, for the Con-
gressional Globe, and for the Departments,
now costs millions of dollnrsforeach Congress,
and the amount is accumulating more rapidly
than a snow-ball in winter time. It seems to
me that, although this item is a small one'in
itself, we had better stop now. If we distrib-
ute five thousand copies gratuitously among
our constituents I think it is enough.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Printing what
has become of the five thousand copics already
ordered? \Vc only receive one copy each.
Mr. ANTHONY. They are to be bound.
Any Senator can take his copies as they go
along, and have what he takes deducted from
the final number given to him. But, Mr.
President, I desire to say one word in reply to
the remarks of the Senator from Ohio, and I
wish the Senate to listen to me, for I have
repeated what I am about to say a great many
times here, and I never could make myself
either understood or believed. The story that
is in all the newspapers, and that the Senator
from Ohio now, under a misapprehension,
repeats, is entirely incorrect. The expenses
of public printing, so far from being increased,
have been greatly reduced since I have been
familiar with them. I speak now of the print-
ing of Congress. Of course our internal rev-
enue system, as the Seuator from Ohio knows
very well, must make a large amount of piint-
ing, and that printing is all done here. It is
done here, where it costs more than it would
in some other places, because it is desirable
that all the blanks and all the forms and all
the returns should be printed from the same
identical plates. It gives great security, great
uniformity, and great accountability, and this
is worth the additional expense. But the cost
of printing for the two Houses of Congress is
less to-day in dollars and cents in greenbacks
than it was before the war in gold. The print-
ing of the Departments we have no control
over, but I have no reason to think it, is at all
extravagant. People have taken the cost of
printing before the establishment of the Gov-
ernment Printing Office, and compared the
cost of the printing for the two Houses prior
to that time with theentire cost of the printing
for the two Houses of Congress and all the
Departments now, and, of course, the latter
sum overtops the former.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, this
resolution, so far as my State is concerned,
will give toe less than four copies for each con-
gressional district. Now, sir, wc are U> take
into account the fact that this publication will
be largely in demand by members of the House
of Representatives ; and as a matter of course
the Senators will be called upon by their col-
leagues in the other branch for a very large
part of the distribution.
Again, sir, taking the question simply upon
the ground that it is to be a distribution by the
Senators themselves, as I said before, it would
amount in the case of my State to less than
four copies for each congressional district.
Now, this is a very important and very inter-
esting publication, and I would be in favor of
curtailing the amount of publication upon other
documents for which there is no large, no earn-
est demand among the people, and bestowing
our attention to the publication of a larger
number of this publication in preference to
those others. As has already been stated, the
amount of the additional cost incurred in this
case is comparatively small; and if the Senate
intend to distribute books at all, they ought
to distribute this publication in preference to
others. But, sir, it occurs to me that the dis-
tribution of the extra numbers proposed by
the present resolution should be upon the .same
principle on which wc distribute tickets. You
have already provided for a distribution to
Senators per capHa, an equal number to cach;
and it seems to me that in providing for the
publication of an additional number they
should be distributed among the Senators in
proportion to the population of their States, so
that there will be a proportion, as far as the
distribution by Senators is concerned, accord-
ing to the number of congressional districts.
I propose, therefore, to amend the resolution,
so as to make this distribution conform to that
rule or principle.
. Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I be-
lieve this resolution would give to each Senator
ninety additional copies; that would be equal
in the State of Indiana to about eight or ten
volumes to a congressional district. Now. it
is simply absurd to say that that is furnishing
general intelligence to the people. It would
enable my colleague and myself to send over
the State to an occasional person this volume
to be put away for the dust to rest upon, per-
haps, the balance of the party's life. My judg-
ment is that the resolution offered by some
Senator the other day, to allow the reporter
of the Associated Press a seat upon the floor,
winch would cost the people not a cent is
worth more to the cause of general intelligence
than this resolution, which will cost the Gov-
ernment perhaps ten or twenty thousand dol-
lars. I hat is my conviction. If we want
copies to supply the libraries the five thousand
already furnished enable us to do that If
want to send a copy to the county libraries we
shall have to have more; and for the general
libraries of the State and for the colleges this
wdl furnish enough ; but if you intend us t?,
furnish it to the people as a bodv, so as to be
a source of general intelligence, five thousaml
copies will be of very little consequence ,¥d
accomplish nothing, and L shall not vote for tk
