4342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2%
strued to be ten calendar days (Sundays ex-
cepted) next after the day of the presentation
of any such bill to him ; and the adjournment
of Congress which shall prevent the return of
any such bill by the President to that House iu
which it originated, shall be held_ and con-
strued to be the final adjournment of a session,
and not an adjournment of either or both
Houses of Congress, acting by themselves or
with the consent of each other, as provided for
in the Constitution, to a particular day.
It further provides that if at any time within
the aforesaid ten days the President shall
desire to return a bill to the House in which
it originated or to send a message to such
House that he has signed the same, when such
House is not sitting, it shall be lawful for him
to return such bill or send such messuage to the
office of the Secretary of the Senate, or Clerk
of the House of Representatives, as the case
may be, and the Secretary or Clerk is to
indorse thereon the day on which such return
shall be made or such message received, and
make entry of the fact of such return, or the
receipt of such message, in his Journal of the
proceedings ; and such return or sending of
such messaga is to be deemed and taken to he
a return of such bill to the House in which it
originated, or a sending of such message to
such House, to all intents and purposes.
The second section provides that every b'll
which having passed both Houses of Congress
and having been presented to the President as
provided in the Constitution, shall not have
been returned by the President with his objec-
tions thereto to that House 111 which it origin-
ated within the time herein defined and de-
clared, shall be a law ; and it is declared to be
the duty of the President in such case imme-
diately to deliver such bill, so having become
a law, to the Secretary of State, who is to
receive and proceed with the same in the
same manner as may be provided by law for
bills signed by the President, and to certify
thereon, and in the promulgation thereof, that
such bill has become a law lor the cause afore-
said.
It is provided in the third section that the
time mentioned in this act shall be computed
by excluding the day on which a bill may be
presented to the President, and including the
tenth day (Sundays excepted) thereafter.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to submit an
inquiry to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Boutwell.] This bill provides that bills
disapproved by the President are to be returned
when the two Houses are not in session to the
Clerk of the House or the Secretaiy of the
Senate. In the case of a vetoed bill retured
in that way how would we act upon the bill in
pursuance of the constitutional provision ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. The bill when returned
to the Clerk of the House or the Secretary of
the Senate would be considered as returned
to the House or the Senate.
Mr. KERR. I desire to inquire whether this
bill originates here or in the Senate?
The SPEAKER. It is a Senate bill.
Mr. KERR. Then I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Bou'f.vellJ yield to allow
that motion to be made?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield for that
purpose. Of course the reference of the bill
to the Committee on the Judiciary would defeat
it for this session.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman whether there is any necessity
for passing the bill at this session, i do not
see any reason why it may not wait until next
session. It contains provisions which oughtto
be considered.
Mr. BOUTWELL. It depends of course
upon our action at the present session whether
the session shall be closed by an adjournment
till the commencement of the session in De-
cember, or whether we are to take a recess as
we did last year. If we take a recess the same
difficulty which has arisen heretofore may arise
again. I do not see how this bill can work any
injury to anybody.
Mr. MILLER. What is to be gained by its
Mr. BOUTWELL. According to the con-
struction put upon his constitutional authority
if this Congress took a recess for three days and
the ten days expired in those three days, he
would hold the bill and it would become inop-
erative.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope this will be re-
ferred to the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
Mr. MARSHALL. This involves perhaps
a change of the Constitution. It is at least a
most important measure, and ought to be con-
sidered by n committee of tlio House. The
reading of the bill has not been heard by one
third of the members. It is therefore utterly
impossible they can understand it. It should
be printed and referred to the Committee on
the J udiciary.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that.it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary and ordered
to bo printed, believing there is time enough
in which to act on it.
The motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL LII''E INSURANCE COMPANY.
The next business upon the Speaker's tabic
was Senate bill No. 280 to incorporate the Na-
tional Life Insurance Company of the United
States of America.
Mr. WELKER. This bill has been consid-
ered and favorably acted on by the Committee
for the District of Columbia. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. WOOD. There is a misunderstanding
or misrepresentation in this case. It has never
been reported from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. It is a Senate bill.
Mr. WELKER. This identical bill was
introduced and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia. It was referred to
a sub-committee. That committee examined
it thoroughly, and the gentleman from Mary-
laud [Mr. McCuijlough] was directed to report
it. The gentleman from New York was, per-
haps, absent. The gentleman from Maryland
never had the opportunity, and it was intro-
duced into the Senate, and passed unani-
mously.
Mrj WOOD. I submit the gentleman is in
error in stating that the principles now con-
tained in this bill ever were decided upon by
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
I was present when this whole subject was dis-
cussed, and the committee failed to agree on
these very principles.
Mr. WELKER. One of the objections
raised iti the committee is obviated by the
amendment of the Senate, which requires these
branch offices to exercise their duties under
the laws of the States.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. _ I think the bill was
introduced at the same time one was pending
in the Senate. There were objections to the
bill at the time in reference to these branch
offices. My recollection is that I was directed
to report it with a provision that t.he branch
offices should be under the laws of the States.
Mr. WELKER. That is the Senate amend-
ment. I demand the previous question.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the bill belaid
upon the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
31, noes 91.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I hope the bill will be
referred.
Mr. WELKER. I would if it were not so
near the close of the session.
Mr. KERR. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WOOD. I will give &5,000,000 for the
grant this bill makes.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 50, Hot voting
74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Arnetl, Dclos Rv
Ashley. Axtell, Baldwin, Banks, Beatty, Binshamv
Blair, Boies. Boyden, Buck land, Buckley, Benjamin
F Butler, Roderick It. Butler, Churchill, Reade>
W. Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dockery,
Donnelly, Drigns, Eckley, Egsjlestmi, Ela, Ferriss,
Ferry. Fields, French, Garfield, Goss, Gravely, Gris-
wold, liaises*. Hamilton, Haughey, Heaton, llisby,
Hill Hinds, Hulburd, Hunter, Jenckes, Alexander
H. Jones, Kelley, Kellog-g, Kelaey. Keteham, Koontz,
Laflin.Lash, Ma!lory,Maynard,MuCarthy,MeClurg,
McCullouprh, MoKee, Mercur. Miller, Moore, Moor-
head, Multins. Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Peters, Fierce,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Rauni, Scuec'ek, sco-
fictd.Slianks, Spaldine, Starkweather,Aaron K Ste-
vens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Trowbridge, Van
Aernam. Burt Van Horn, Yidal, Henry 1). \v ash-
burn. Wolkor. Whittemore, William Williams, and
Woodbridge—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Baker, Barnes,
Beck, Boatwcll, Brooks. Gary, Sidney Clarke, Cobb;
Dawes, Eliot, Farnsworth, (jetz, Glossbrennep. GoN
laday, Haight, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hub-
bard. Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Knott,
William Lawrence, Loan, Marshall, Niblack, jSich-
olson, Paine, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Boss, Saw-
yer, Sitgrcaves, Stewart, Taber, Taylor, Thomas,
Lawrcnce S. Trimble, Upson, Van Auken, Elihu B-.
Washburne, William B. Washburn. James F. Wil-
son. Stephen F. Wilson, Windora, and Wood—50.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Bailey, Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton,
Blackburn, Blaine, Bowen. Boyer,Bromwell, Broonr-
all, liurr, Cake, Callis, Chanter, Cornell. Delano>
Deweese, Dixon, Dodge, Eldridge, Finney, Fox, Gro-
ver, Harding, Hawkins, liolman. Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Inger-
soll, Julian, liitehen, George V. Lawrence,Lincoln,
Lofran. Lougliridge, Lynch, Mann, Marvin, McCor-
mick, Mnrrell, Morrissey,Mungen, Neweoinb. New-
sham, Norrls, Nunn, Phelps, Price,Pruyn, Randall,
Robertson, Robinson, Roots, Selye, Shellabarger,
Smith, Stone, Syphcr, Taffe. John Trimble, Twieh-
oll, Robert T. Van Horn. Van Trump, Van Wyck, '
Ward, CadwaladcrC. Washburn, Thomas Williams,
Jolm T. Wilson, and Woodward—?L
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to'.
NORTUERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The next business upon the
Speaker's table is Senate joint resolution No.
1^7, to- extend the time for the Northern
Pacific railroad, a duplicate of which has
already become a law.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to lay the joint reso-
lution on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
LAND TITLES IN NEBRASKA.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 481, to conlinn the titles
to certain lands in the State of Nebraska j
which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that in all cases in which
the Commissioner of the General Land Ollice
or the Secretary of the Interior has finally
decided in favor of preemption settlers or
locaters of Indian or half-breed scrip, and
issued patents to them for lands within the
corporate limits of the city of Omaha, in the
State of Nebraska,, the right and title of the
patentee or patentees shall not be defeated or
impaired because such land was within the
said corporate limits, but if good in every
other respect the title shall bo good and valid,
notwithstanding such lands may have been
within the said corporate limits, and notwith-
standing the entry thereof by any preemptor
or localer of Indian or half-breed scrip was
forbidden by the tenth section of the act of
September i, 1841, because so within said
limit.
Mr. TAFFE. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following proviso :
Provided, That the following tracts of land to wit:
north hall of the northeast quarter oi section
mtecn, the west hall of the southeast quarter of sec-
tion ten, the east halt of the southeast quarter and
the northwest quarter of the southeast tiuarter of
scction mne, township fifteen, north of range thir-
teen 01 the sixtieth principal ujuiidian, are hereby
excepted trom the operation of this act.
This bill is entirely local in its application.
The object ot it is to quiet titles. Some ques*
tiou seems to have arisen as to whether the
lands outside of the three hundred and twenty
acres permitted to be preempted by the city
