1270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
was anxious to interfere. Our escape from
the danger was, as I believe, more owing to
the tender nature, the humane character, and
the intelligent wisdom of the Queen of Eng-
land than to any portion of her Government
Dreading the shedding of blood by children of
the same descent, proud of the descendants
of the men of England, whose deeds gave to
lingland renown years and years ago, she re-
solved, by using the whole extent of the power
within her reach, that she would do nothing,
and would permit her Government to do noth-
ing, that might lead to a continuance of the
conflict and the further effusion of blood.
1S0 man can tell what might not have been
the result. I believed—but I know that I was
subjected then to the charge of being over-
sanguine—that in the end all would be right
again ; but when the end would come, and what
would be the destruction of life and the loss of
property in the meantime, I was unable even
to anticipate. One thing we all knew: that
come whenever it might we should be found
involved in a crushing debt demanding all the
resources of our country and invoking, in
order to the salvation of our honor, all our
undeveloped means of wealth.
It was in view of such a period as that that
in advance the President of the United States
told the South, his dissatisfied countrymen,
"We will wage no war upon you unless you
first wage war upon us. What you have done
is not war; what you may do will become war
or not, just as you may choose to go further
than you have done, liaise your arm to de-
stroy the Government which I have an oath
registered in heaven to support and defend,
and then, and not before then, will you receive
anything like war upon the part of the Govern-
ment." But that is not all. The language
of that inaugural was differently interpreted.
By some members of the Senate it was said to
announce a war policy; by others (who were,
as I think, clearly right) a policy of peace.
Not despairing of the Republic, as he never
did from the time he came into the public ser-
\ ice up to the period of his death, Mr. Doug-
las, then a Senator from Illinois, offered the
following resolution in the Senate on the 15th
of March, 1861:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of War berequested
to inform the Senate whatforts, arsenals, navy-yards,
and other public works within the limits oftheStatos
of South Carolina, G-eorgia, Florida, Alabama, Mis-
sissippi, Louisiana, and Texas are now within the
actual possession and occupation of the United States,
and by what number of men each is garrisoned and
held, and whether reinforcements arc necessary to
retain the same; and if so, whether the Government
has the power and means, under existing laws, to
supply such reinforcements within such time as the
exigencies and necessities of the ease may demand;
and whether the defense and protection of the Uni-
ted States and their interests make it necessary and
wise to retain military possession of sneh forts, places,
and other property except at Key West and Tortu-
gas, and to recapture and reoeoupy such others as the
United States have been deprived of by seizure or
surrender, for any other purpose, and with a view to
any other end, than the subjugation and occupation
of those States which have assumed theright to secede
from the Union, and within whose limits such forts
and other public property are situated," &c.
Listen to that, Senators, coming from the
pen of a man whose loyalty to the Govern-
ment was never disputed—a Democrat to be
sure, if that be a crime; but as a Democrat,
as did thousands and hundreds of thousands
of others, the moment it became certain that
a war against the Union was to be carried on
for the purpose of destroying the Government
by the southern States, he at once rallied him-
self under the flag of that Government; and
yet, in March, 1861, he proposes an inquiry of
the Secretary of War, one portion of which
was to inform the Senatewhether, under the
circumstances, it "was advisable for the Gov-
ernment to retain the forts. Was that treason?
He made a speech upon the occasion in sup-
port of his resolution, from which I will read
a sentence or two:
" The public mind now is greatly disturbed by ap-
prehensions of civil war. The inaugural address ot
the President is understood by many in both sections
of the Union syndicating a war policy. If we allow
these apprehensions to ripen into a conviction that
the Administration does meditate a war policy to
reduce to subjection the seceded States by military
force, I apprehend that we shall find a terrific issue
precipitated upon us in a shorter time than many of
us imagine, ldo not believe such to bo the policy
of the President. I do not so understand his inau-
gural."
What, else occurred? The honorable mem-
berfrom Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] was the
Secretary of War. Nobody doubted then, or
has doubted since, his loyalty. What did he
do, or rather what did he omit to do ? Whether
he acted upon his own judgment or under the
advice and control of his chief 1 know not;
but, if either, the purpose for which I use the
fact is the same. What did the Secretary of
the Navy do? One of your navy-yards was in
the command of Captain Buchanan, supposed
at the time, and, 1 imagine, correctly supposed,
to be one of the best officers in the Navj'. He
sent or delivered in person his resignation to
the Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary
received it. I thought at the time he ought to
have been arrested. Nobody dreamed that the
Secretary was disloyal.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a single moment?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe he alluded to
me, but I did not understand what ho said. I
should be very glad to hear what the reference
was.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not said anything
yet about the honorable member, except to
mention his name. I propose to say a word
or two, and if I am incorrect in my facts he
will set me right. What did the honorable
member do as Secretary of War? I think
that I am not mistaken in saying that General
Robert E. Lee, who afterward became gen-
eral-in-chief of the confederates, delivered his
resignation to him by his own hand ; and so
did several other officers of the Army. Why
did he not arrest them? What must he not
have known was the purpose which governed
them? Lee in the Army stood as high and
even higher than Buchanan in the Navy. Each
was permitted to resign, and each, a few days
afterward, was found in the confederate ser-
vice.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator now
allow mo to interrupt liini for a moment?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator has not
exactly placed the resignation of General
Johnston in its proper light. The facts are
about these: General Johnston was, as the
Senator from Maryland says, a most valuable
officer. Officers of the Army were resigning
or running away daily, almost hourly. The
largest portion of the men who were consid-
ered the most valuable had left the service.
The Secretary of War at that day was told
that this gentleman was going to leave the ser-
vice because he believed that ho was suspected
by the Administration of not being faithful.
He was sent for by the Secretary of War, who
said to him that ho had entire confidence in
his ability and integrity, and begged that he
would not leave the service with any wrong
impression. He immediately said to me that
he regretted that he bad decided to leave; that
this rebellion was wrong; that everybody en-
gaged in it was acting improperly and unfaith-
fully to the Government, and that he never
intended to take part against the Government.
But he said lie was controlled by influences
which he could not counteract; that lie was
compelled to resign. I believed at the time that
the influences referred to were those of his
wife's family; but I have been told since that
that was not so. At all events I should have
arrested him, if I had not sent for him into my
room, and in some measure got him to com-
mit himself to me. I have always regretted
that I did send for him, and that I did not
wait until he had committed the overt act, and
then arrested him.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is as I supposed, Mr.
President; the honorable member gave no ■
orders to arrest him. I
Mr. CAMERON. No. |
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, suppose my honor- ;
able friend was an applicant for admission i
npon this floor, and he was to fall under the
suspicion of the Senator from Michigan and
the charge against him was that he had failed
to arrest a man whom he could have arrested
before he went into the confederate service, and
who became after he went into it the tower of
its strength, and he had made the explanation
that he makes now. The honorable member
from Michigan would say, " it is all an artifice
got up for the purpose." My friend is not to
suppose that I entertain any such suspicion. I
know better. I have no doubt that he was
governed by the motives which be has just
stated to us; but, in my judgment, he made a
great mistake. I was here at the time, sensibly
alive to the dangers. I had no conversation
with the honorable member on that subject.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him once more?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. I think it was a mistake;
but I corrected the mistake afterward by ar-
resting the Legislature of Maryland to keep
them from taking that State out.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know you did ; but that
was not much of a correction, for the Legisla-
ture of Maryland could not have done any
harm, but General Lee did an immense deal.
But, sir, General Lee was only one of many.
The archives of the office of Secretary of War
arc filled with the resignations ; and in no single
instance that I know of, was there an arrest.
I mention it not for the purpose of charging
any want of loyalty to the Government on the
part of the honorable member from Pennsyl-
vania, for I know 
I am afraid there has
Mr. CAMERON,
been a mistake here.
Mr. JOHNSON.
Mr. CAMERON.
Not at all.
I thought the Senator
mentioned the name of Johnston, General
Joseph E. Johnston, who was quartermaster
general of our Army. I referred to him.
Mr. JOHNSON. No; Lee.
Mr. CAMERON. The circumstances about
Lee are very different. If the Senator wants
that story I will tell it, but I do not think it
will add much to his case.
Mr.JOHNSON. lie was not arrested. That
was all I wanted to bring out.
Mr. CAMERON. I will tell you why he was
not arrested. General Lee called on a gentle-
man who had my entire confidence, and inti-
mated that he would like to have the command
of the Army. He assured that gentleman, who
was a man m the confidence of the Adminis-
tration, of his entire loj'alty, and his devotion
to the interests of the Administration and of the
country. I consulted with General Scott, and
General Scott approved of placing him at the
head of the Arm}'. The place was offered to
him unofficially, with my approbation, and
with the approbation of General Scott. It
was accepted by him verbally, with the prom-
ise that he would go into Virginia and settle
his business and then come back to take com-
mand. He never gave us an opportunity to
arrest him ; lie deserted under false pretenses.
I should have arrested him in a moment if I
had had a chance at him, and I have always
regretted that I never did get that chance. I
thought the Senator referred before to the ease
of Joseph E. Johnston, who was the quarter-
master general, and it was of him I spoke first.
Jn regard to General Lee's case, 1 think he
behaved worse than any of the men who acted
so treacaerously to the Government.
Mr. JOHNSON. Did I understand thehon-
orable member to say that General Lee made
the statement which he now mentions to him,
°\r n le l!0tt!}rough a third party?
Mr. CAMERON. Through a gentleman who
had my confidence and in whom I relied e"-
tirely.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is another matter.
Hie statement was not made to the honorable
member.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no doubt of its
truth.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I am equally sure
ot; but I doubt very much its truth. It is not
