1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
authorities under the act of 1841, and within
the corporate limits, are preemptible. The
people of that city have held this land some
twelve years under the accepted construction
of the law, but for fear there might be a ques-
tion this bill is proposed, and my amendment
excepts certain lands where there is any con-
troversy from the operation of the law.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I would
like to know whether there is any litigation or
any adverse claimant against any of this land.
JSlr. TAFFE. There are none so far as I
know. But I have excepted from the'opera-
tion of this bill the tracts named in the amend-
ment, so that if there should be any contro-
versy my amendment will cover them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It seems
to me, from the gentleman's statement, that
the bill is right.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. How much
laud is affected by this bill? "We ought to
know how much in order to vote intelligently.
Mr. 'XAFFE. I cannot tell precisely how
much.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. About how
much?
Mr. TAFFE. I really cannot tell with any
degree of accuracy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
the lands have been paid for?
Mr. XAFFE. They were bought and paid
for according to the usual course under the
preemption law. Some question has arisen as
to whether the land was preemptible or not.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope
the gentleman will let it go to the Committee
on the Public Lands. It is a most strange and
dangerous thing.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
68, noes 41.
Mr. BROOKS. I would like to inquire
whether these lots thus distributed in Omaha
are not worth as much as they are in Pittsburg
or Cincinnati ?
The main question was ordered.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Taffe, it was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be read a third
time—ayes 72, noes 38; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. BROOKS. As this is an important
measure, changing the land titles in a large
and rising city, I feel it my duty to call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 23, not voting
80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Araell,
Delos It. Ashley. Axtu'l, Baldwin, Hanks, Beatty,
Binsrham, Blair, Boles. Boutwell, Boyden, Broomall,
Buckland, Benjamin 1". Butler, Itoderiek R. Butler,
Callis, Churchill. Itoader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb. Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cultom, Dawes, Del-
ano, Deweese. Dockcry, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley,
Egyleston. Eliot, Farnsworth, Feru^s, i;erry, i'lelds,
Garfield, Gos^, llalsey.Hamilton, Haughey, Heaton,
Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Hunter, lnpjei'boll, Judd, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Kc'eliam, Koontz, Latlin, Lash, William
Lawrence, Loan, Loushridge, ilallory, Mavnard,
McCarthy, MeCIurs, McJvee, -\.lereur, Miller, Moore,
Moornead, Muilins, Myers, iNunn. O'Neill, Orth,
Pamo, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley,
Poiueroy, llandall, Raum, K.oberison, Sawyer,
Schenek, Scolield, Shanks, Smith, Starkweather,
Aaron 1'. Stovons, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, Trowbridge,
Ijpson.van Aernarn, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, i
iilmu B. Washburne, Henry D, Washburn, William !
B. Waslibuin, Wclker, Wkitteinoro, William Wil- J
liams, James Wilson, and Wmdom—113. I
HAi'S—Messrs. Archer, Beck, Brooks, Oary, Eld- :
ridge, tfetz, lilossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Haight, :
Hoichkise, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, 1
MeCulloush, Niciioloon, Ross, Sitgreavos, Stone, I
Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, and Wood—23. I
JN'UT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, James M. Ashley, I
Bailey, Baker, Barnes, Barnum, Beanian. Benjamin, I
Benton, Blackburn, Blame, Bowen, Boyer, Brom- ■
well, Buckley, Burr, Cake, Chanler, Cornell, Dixon, (
Dodge, Li a, Lirnioy, Fox, French, Gravely, Gris- :
wold, llardms, Hawkins, Hinds, Holman, Asahel W. ]
Hubbard, HicnardD. Hubbard, Humphrey, Jcnckes,
Johnson, Alexander II. Jones, Julian, Kitchen,
GeorgeV.Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Lynch, Maun,
Marvin, McCormiek, Morroll, Morrissey, Mungen,
Meivcomb, JNewshani, Niblaek, Is'oiris, Perham, Pe-
ters, Phelps, Price, Pruyn, Bobinson, Koots, tielye,
Shellabar<;ei', Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart,
Sypher, Taber, John Trimble, Twichell, Van Au-
ken.Bobert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Vidal, "Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Thomas Williams. John
T. Wilson, Stephen J?. Wilson, "Woodbridge, and
Woodward—80.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. TAFFE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
additional land district minnesota.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 252) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of Minnesota :
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. DONNELLY. I would ask that this
bill be put upon its passage, and I will state to
the House that it creates a new land district in
a portion of my congressional district that is
increasing with very great rapidity in popula-
tion. The settlers are mainly settlers under
the homestead law, and are generally poor
men. As it is now they have to travel from
fifty to one hundred miles to the nearest land
office at St. Cloud, and the expense of that
travel and taking their witnesses with them is
a very heavy tax upon that population. This
bill will remedy that state of things. It will
cost the Government, nothing, because the
salaries of the land officers will be paid by the
fees received from settlers. 1 hope there will
be no objection to the passage of the bill.
The bill was then read. The first section
authorizes the President, of the United States
to establish an additional land district in the
State of Minnesota embracing all that part of
the present northwestern land district which
lies north of township No. 124, northwest of
range No. 35, west of the fifth principal merid-
ian, and to fix from time to time the bound-
aries thereof, which district shall be named
after the place at which the office shall first be
established. The President is to have power
to fix from time to time the location of the
office for such district. The second section
authorizes the President to appoint, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
register and receiver for the said land district,
who shall be required to reside at the site of
the laud office, and also shall be subject to the
same laws and receive the same compensation
as other land officers in the State of Minnesota.
Mr. MAYNARD. This bill creates a new
office, and I think it should come from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands of this House. I
hope the gentleman will not insist on its being
pressed at this time.
Mr. DONNELLY. I would say that the
Committee on the Public Landshave adjourned
sine die for this session. If, therefore, the bill
is referred to that committee it will inevitably
go over until next s.ession. In the mean time
the state of facts will continue to which I have
referred. I have no interest in the matter.
In fact if I have any interest it would be against
the passage of the bill, for the patronage cre-
ated would not be friendly to myself. I feel,
however, that my interests should be subordi-
nated to the interests of my constituents, and
that it is far better I should suffer than that the
poor men who live in that region should longer
endure the heavy outlays to which they have
been subjected.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Min-
nesota [ Mr. Donnelly] has advocated the local
interests of his constituents very handsomely,
and has been very faithful to them. I trust now
that for the considerations he has suggested
this bill will go over to the next session. 1
move that it be referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands. Ij
Mr. DONNELLY. The policy of the home- ji
stead law is based upon the theory of giving n
the poor man a homestead for ten dollars, jj
Yet as the law is now, in my State he has to ij
pay forty or fifty or even seventy-five dollars Ij
for a komestead, in traveling expenses for ij
himself and witnesses to and from the place jl
where the land office is situated. I am only jj
pleading for the interest of the poor man.
Mr. MULL INS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DONNELLY. Certainly.
Mr. MULLINS. Did not these poor peo-
ple know they were going so faraway from the
land office when they went there?
Mr. DONNELLY. I now call the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The previous question,
if sustained, will operate first upon the motion
to refer, and will be exhausted upon the third
reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to refer the bill to the Committee ou the
Publ i c Lands; and upon a division there were—
ayes 58, noes 50.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. DONNELLY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Donnelly
and Mr. Maynard were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 47, noes 62.
So the motion to refer was not agreed to.
The bill was then read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. DONNELLY. I call the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed; there being
upon a division—ayes seventy-eight, noes not
counted.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave or absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Wood bridge, on account of sickness in
his family.
temporary loan certificates.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent that Senate bill No. 543, to
provide for the further issue of temporary loan
certificates for the purpose of redeeming and
retiring the remainder of the outstanding com-
pound-interest notes, be taken from the Speak-
er's table, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
No objection was made.
The bill was accordingly taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
commerce on the lakes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. A Senate
bill, in relation to the commerce on the north-
ern and northwestern lakes, has been referred to
the Committee of Commerce. I ask unanimous
consent that the Committee of Commerce be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it take its place on the Speaker's table,
where it may be reached this session.
Mr. SPALDING and Mr. ARNELL ob-
jected.
southern pacific railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 402, to extend the time for
the construction of the Southern Pacific rail-
road, in the State of California; which was
taken up, and read a first and second time.
The question was upon the third reading of
the bill.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company, of the
State of California, shall, instead of the times
now fixed by law for the construction of the
first section of its road and telegraph line, have
until the 1st day of July, 1870, for the con-
struction of the first thirty miles, and they shall
be required to construct at least twenty miles
every year thereafter, and the whole line of
their road within the time now provided by
law. . .
Mr. SCOPIELD. When does their time for
constructing the first thirty miles expire under
the present law?
