1868.
THE COISTGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
m m
resolution. I did not understand the facts to
be as the Senator from Ilhode Island has stated.
My examination of this question at the last
session satisfied me that there had been a great
increase in the cost of congressional printing.
I tried fairly to satisfy myself at the last ses-
sion, and I thought there was a very great in-
crease. It may not be so now; I do not know.
Mr. ANTHONY. Perhaps, if the Senator
has made an estimate, he can give us the
figures. I should like to see them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It was at the last ses-
sion I examined.
Mr. ANTHONY. I refer to the last ses-
sion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I eannotgivcthefigures
I do not recoHeet figures for a year, and I should
not want to have a mind that would ; but my
recollection is, that the increase had been nearly
double.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, sir, the Senator is
mistaken.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I may be mistaken;
but I investigated with a desire to ascertain the
facts. The argument here always is that each
document which it is proposed to print in large
numbers is the most important document that
has come before the Senate. That argument
is applied in every case. The number already
provided for will enable us to supply the larger
and more important libraries, colleges, and
public institutions; beyond that I think the
supply is not of general value to the people.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buckalew] sent
an amendment to the Chair which has not yet
been read. It will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Buckalew, which was to add to the resolution
the following words:
And the distribution of the same to Senators shall
be accoiding to the population of the States respect-
ively.
Mr. DAYIS. Mr. President, I am against
the amendment, and I am in favor of the ori-
ginal proposition. I would be willing myself
to increase the additional number to ten thou-
sand. I believe with the Senator from Indiana,
that the amount, of congressional printing is
greatly too large. I have no doubt in my own
opinion that with a proper respect to the public
intelligence and service the aggregate amount
of congressional printing might be reduced at
least fivefold. Ther£ is a great multiplication
of large and expensive documents in the print-
ing, which are road by very few men; and I
think that if the Committee on Public Printing
of the Senate will turn their attention to econ-
omy and a restriction of printing in relation to
useless documents from the Departments, re-
ports of Secretaries, and restrict the number
of those documents that are published, it would
be a just and proper source of economy. But
in relation to this trial there is probably no
publication of the day that would be of more
interest generally tffthe American people; not
only all the State libraries, but all the county
libraries, in my judgment, ought to have a full
copy of the proceedings of this trial, and I
think that the number ought to be multiplied
to ten thousand instead of five thousand, in
addition to the five thousand already ordered,
that a proper and reasonable supply of this
book may be marde throughout the States.
Mr. BAY ARD. Mr. President, I regret to
hear the amendment proposed by the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania. It seems to
me it is the first step taken to break down the
equality of the States in this Union. It is a
small step, I admit, but it looks that way.
Printing is to be ordered by the Senate of the
United States in which we stand here repre-
senting States without regard to their popula-
tion. Now, as regards the question of distri-
bution at any time of any document of this
kind or any other kind, I should be very glad
myself to part with a portion of my copies to
any Senator from a iarger State who desired
to distribute it more than I supposed they were
desired by my own constituents; but that is
very different from introducing a principle that
in a body composed of Senators representing
States they are by their order to make a dif-
ference as regards the rights of Senators rep-
resenting States in reference to the distribu-
tion of documents or any other act whatever.
Mr. CRAOIN. Mr. President, I am also
opposed to the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, for the same reason
given by the Senator from Delaware; but I
rose mainly to say that, in my judgment, the
chairman of the Committee on Printing is en-
tirely right in his statement in relation to the
reduction of the actual expense of the printing
for Congress. Some ten years ago, when I
was a member of the other House, I was a
member of the Committee on Printing, and
had an opportunity then to know about the
expense of congressional printing. About that
time Congress was printing large numbers of
documents, such as the reports on the Pacific
railroad, making some thirteen large volumes,
elaborately illustrated, and printed at great
expense. About the same time they printed
the report of Commodore Perry of the Japan
expedition, which all Senators will recollect,
at a cost of more than a million dollars. No
such publications now are being made or
printed at the expense of the Government.
Large numbers of those publications were or-
dered and printed at that time. At the pres-
ent time we have no such documents, but
only the ordinary documents, and the same
numbers of them that were then printed. I
concur fully in the statement that the actual
cost of printing for the two Houses of Con-
gress is to-day much less than it was ten years
ago. I have not examined the figures specially
at present; but, judging from what I knew then
about the matter, 1 have not the least doubt
that the Senator from Rhode Island is entirely
right.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I think
my friend from Pennsylvania is the queerest
sort of a State-rights man that I ever knew.
I have no apprehension, however, that a propo-
sition of this kind can pass this body. I agree
with the Senator from Delaware, that although
a very small step it is the first step toward de-
stroying the equality of the States in this body.
Perhaps the framers of the Constitution made
a mistake in having the States represented here
as equal States, rather than having them rep-
resented according to their population; but
that is the theory we go upon, and I never will
agree to anything which shall recognize any
other theory in this body.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask the
Senator a question.
Mr. ANTHONY. In one moment I shall
be through, and then I will answer the Senator's
question.
I wish to say on another point, in regard to
what fell from the Senator from Ohio, that
although we have reduced the expenses of pub-
lic printing very materially, 1 agree fully with
what he says that the publication of documents
for distribution is an abuse that ought to be
not only diminished, but entirely abolished. I
think that documents should be printed as they
are in England, and I believe in France, at the
public expense, in sueli quantities as the public
demand is estimated for, and then sold at about
two thirds the cost of publication, which will
prevent them from being bought for waste paper
and enable every man who really desires to have
information with regard to the transactions of
the Government to get them at a reasonable
price.
Now, sir, I will hear the question which the
Senator from New York wishes to propose to
me.
Mr. CONKLING. I was going to ask the
Senator from Rhode Island, sensitive as he is
about State rights and constitutional rights, how
he could have permitted such an infraction in
this direction as took place when the tickets
for admission to the galleries were distributed,
as they are, in reference to the number of
Representatives from the States?
Mr. ANTHONY. Because I could not pre-
vent it. I thought it was a very small matter
to mafee^ a fuss about, but I thought that was
a very improper provision, and I think the
Senate made a great mistake in doing it.
Mr, CONKLING. I call the attention of
the Senator to it, because, seeing that we are
verging upon another very dangerous prece-
dent, I was afraid we should be drawn on fur-
ther. [Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe the Senator
from New York is responsible for that pre-
cedent. I think he introduced the resolution.
The original resolution was introduced by me
providing that the tickets should be distributed
per capita. If it be desirable to distribute
tickets, documents, or anything else other than
per capita the distribution should be made
through the House. I think it is very proper
that the people of Now York should have a
larger number of tickets and a larger number
of documents than the people of Delaware
or Rhode Island; but I think that distri-
bution should be made through the House
of Representatives, where they are represented
upon the popular basis, and not here, where
they are represented upon the basis of States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is so there.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, it is so there.
Mr. CONKLING. I think that was a more
flagrant case than this.
Sir. ANTHONY. I think it was just such
a case as this is. This is a small step ; that
was smaller still; but I think we ought to
guard ourselves against any step in that direc-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not ap-
prehend that the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Pennsylvania is about to pass,
but I call his attention to the logic of the prin-
ciple announced in this amendment. If that
is right why does he not propose to have ten
times the amount appropriated for newspapers
and for stationery that Senators representing
the smaller States receive? If it is right, why
does he not occupy ten times the space, ten
times the time, here that other Senators oc-
cupy, coming from smaller States? This is a
question of the large fish swallowing the small
ones, but I have read of some very voracious
fish of extremely small dimensions who yet
were able to swallow fish of a much larger size.
When the Senator from Pennsylvania has suc-
ceeded in swallowing the Senalor from Dela-
ware, who sits nearer to him than I do, and is
much larger than either of us, and digested
him, I suppose he will reach out after me. I
shall have the gratification, at least, of being
swallowed last, and with less strain upon the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
But, sir, if the logic enunciated here is to be
carried out, why not carry it out in the other
House of Congress also, when documents are
distributed there ? There are members of the
House of Representatives who represent thiee
and four times as much population as some
other members. If we are to look into this
matter whyjiot see by what majorities Senators
have been sent here?
With regard to the former expenses of print-
ing, when we were in the habit of publishing
Pacific railroad reports, I believe it is true that
the expenses of printing were very much larger
than they are now; but wo have got rid of
those large and magnificently illustrated vol-
umes, and now are confined to much smaller
ones, and I hope soon may be to a much
smaller number. In my judgment we ought
to follow the course indicated by the Senator
from Rhode Island, and distribute nothing
gratuitously, but publish all our documents at
the lowest possible expense and allow them to
be sold by the Government at cost. I shall
vote against the amendment and against the
original proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, nothing is
more true historically than that the Constitu-
tion of the United States could not have been
adopted, and no Union could havebeen formed
without the admission of the equality of the
States in this Chamber. I mean, nothing is
more true than that at that time those things
could uot havebeen accomplished except upon
