1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in keeping with the character of General Lee.
[Laughter.] Gentlemen may laugh, but I say
to the honorable member from California, who
indulges m merriment, that General Lee is as
honoiablc a man as any man to be found in the
State of California. He lias offended; that I
acnmt.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose the honorable
oenator will permit me to reply to him, as he
has just now replied to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania 
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly I will.
Mr. CONNESS. I reply that I have no
doubfcthat is the Senator's opinion, but it is
not mine.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I understand. The
honorable member need not have interrupted
me for that, for he said so in advance.
Mr. CONNESS. lask the Senator's pardon ;
i had heard just such an answer from him.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am perfectly willing
that my opinion and his shall go before the
country fo be judged of by the great tribunal
of the people.
Now, Mr. President, we have been told that
Mr. Thomas is obnoxious to objection upon
the ground that he concurred with Mr. Bu-
chanan in saying that there would be no war
waged against a State. That is nothing new.
Nobody ever supposed that there could be, by
Congress or by any department of the Gov-
ernment, war waged against a State; and the
error, the capital and the fatal error of the
President of that day, was in confounding the
authority to declare war against a State with
the duty of enforcing—as against the citizens
ot the State—obedience to the Constitution
and laws of the land. Sir, when gentlemen
charge Mr. Thomas with doing what I have no
knu «ledge at all that he did do—concur with the
President in the opinion that war could not be
ca: ried on against a State-—they should remem-
ber what the Supreme Court said, while the
war was going on, in the eases known as the
prize cases, upon that point:
By the Constitution, Conjrre^s alone ha? the power
to cci a r<." a national or forei;i a wur. It cannot doc;! are
war a^umst n Slate or any number of States by vir-
tue of any elausc m the Constitution.''
i hat is what President Buchanan said j and
even supposing that my colleague concurred 111
that doctrine, he has aright to refer for an
authority in support of it to the unanimous de-
cision, as far as that point is concerned, of the
Supreme Court of the United States that under
the Constitution of the United States neither
Congress' or any department of the Govern-
ment has any authority to declare war against
a State.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the honorable Sen- j
ator permit me to interrupt him for a moment ? j
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly. j
Mr. CONNESS. In speaking 1 spoke of j
the doctrine of the Government not having the |
right to declare war against a State, only be- j
cause that language had been so used gene- J
rally. For my own part I regarded italways, j
and do now, as one of the meanest fictions and |
pretenses ever gotten up, when Mr. Buchanan \
presented it. in the fir&fc instance as a fiction, j
not a reality. ;
Mr. JOHNSON. In that "meanest of pre- |
tense/' the Supreme Court seems to have i
participated. j
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator does not j
understand me. J say that in my opiuion it !
was a pretense, as- stated by Mr. Buchanan, j
Everybody admits the proposition as stated |
by the Supreme Court, but that condition of ;
things did not exist. j
Mr. JOHNSON. Then-the proposition is j[
true that no war can be carried on against a j
State, and that is what Mr. Buchanan said, j
The motive for saying it, whether it was re- i
sorted to for the purpose ot avoiding his con* |
stitutional obligation to enforce, as against the j
citizens of the States, obedience to the Consti- j
tution and huvsof the United States, is another j
question. 1 refer to it now merely to satisfy j
the hononibli' member and the Senate that, j
under the Constitution of the United States, a '
1271
State cannot be in a state of war with the
United States.
Mr. President, I implore Senators maturely
to consider the principlewhich they will estab-
lish if they reject my colleague from his seat.
His present loyalty nobody calls in question,
lie is said, however, at one time to have
entertained opinions inconsistent with a true
loyalty. Suppose he did; is he to be excluded
on the ground thafc ho entertained opinions not
in consonance with those entertained by the ma-
jority of the Senate ? Where are you to stop if
difference of political opinion is to be sufficient
ground of exclusion ? May not difference of
moral character also be sufficient ground? When
you leave the standard of the law you are at sea,
and no man can tell whore you will stop.
Mr. President, in the judgment of a large
portion of the people of the United States,
supposed by many to be a large majority of
the people of the United States, the legislation
which has been already adopted by a majority
of this body and of the other branch of Con-
gress, and that which it is proposed to adopt,
violates the Constitution in several of its most
important provisions, it subjects ten of tho
States of the Union to what in the opinion of
many is esteemed to be a mere military des-
potism. I charge 110 such thing as intended
on the part of Senators ; but that is the charge,
and that is the impression which is evidently
fastened upon the minds of a large number of
the people.
Now, suppose that the predominance of
party power shall be changed, and that the
men who entertain the opinion I have just
stated shall constitute a majority of the mem-
bers of this body, if any member of the pres-
ent majority who has voted for these laws and
who proposes to vote for the measures upon
the table shall be reelected and demands admis-
sion under this precedent, if you shall estab-
lish it, he maybe excluded; and I greatly fear
that it wiit lead to dangers unheard of. I re-
peat, I implore honorable gentlemen, instead
of adopting a harsh measure of this kind, to
avoid any and every thing which looks to the
continuance of the present disorganized condi-
tion ot the country, its almost total demorali-
zation, and as far as possible to let by-gonesbe
by-gones, and show by their conduct, wherever
they can do it without a violation of obvious
duty, that they desired to again take by the
hand those who differed with them during the
late civil war.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution offered by
the Senator from Maryland, on which question
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HOWE. Before the vote is taken I
desire to say that on this question I am paired
with the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. ed-
kunds.] If I voted I should vote for the res-
olution 5 and if the Senator from Vermont
voted he would vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 21, nays 2S ; as follows:
YEAS—Mctssr?. Anthony, J3nyn.r<l, Bucknlow, Cole,
T)avis. .Dixon, Doolittle, Kc&scnden. Kreiirshuy-
fcen, Grimes1, Hendricks, Johnson, Norton, Patter-
son of Ko.s>, .Sautabury, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Y-jn Winkle. Wiliey, and Williams—21,
^ js;ays—Messrs. Cameron, C.ittell, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Conner, Corbctt, Crapnn, Drake, Ferry, Fow-
ler, Harlan, Henderson, Howard, Morgan, Morrill
of Maino. Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson
of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, liam.sey, Sherman,
JSpraguo, Stewart, Sumner, Tliaver, Wade, Wilson,
and Yato-—28.
ATteEXT—Messrs. Edmunds, Guthrie,Ilowe, and
Nye—L
Mr. DRAKE. I otTor now the resolution
which I previously laid 011 the desk, and which
I ask to have read.
The Secretary read the following resolution :
iletolved, That Philip Thomas, having volunta-
rily given aid, countenance, and encouragement to
persons engaged in armed hostility to the United
states. is not entitled to take the oath of office as a
Senator ot the United States from the State of Mary-
land, or to hold a Feat in tins body a« s>uch Senator ;
and that the President vro t'.wijore of the Senate in-
form the (.Tovernor of the State of Maryland of tho
action of the Senate in the piemises.
Mr. DllAKE. On that resolution I call for
"the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 20 5 as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Conk-
Img, Conness,Corbett,Drake, Ferry, Fowler,Harlan,
Henderson, Howard, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pouieroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Spraguo,
btewart, Sumner, Thayer, Wade, Wilson, and Yates
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buekalew, Cole,
Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen,
Hendricks, Johnson, Norton. Patterson of Tennes-
see, Ross, Saulshury, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Willey, and Williams—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragin, Edmunds, Grimes, Guth-
rie, Howe, and Nye—6.
So the resolution was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. YATES. Not for the purpose of its
being considered now, but that it may be left
as the unfinished business to come up to-mor-
row, I will move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bill (S. No. 11) for
the admission of the State of Colorado into
the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn ; and 1 give notice that 1 shall to-mor-
row move to take up the funding bill. We
can hardly settle the question of precedents
now; and therefore I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to j and the Senate
adjourned,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 19, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. G. B. boynton.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the unfinished business pending at the ad-
journment last evening, under the operation
of the previous question on the amendments
reported by the Committee of the Whole to the
legislative and executive appropriation bill, on
which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] is entitled to the floor one hour.
Mr. \VASHBURNE, of Illinois. Iwillyield
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
la-tv department.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 7G5) to establish a
law department; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The Commit-
tee on the Judiciary have had under consider-
ation a resolution sent to them in these words:
congress op the united states,
In the House of Representatives,
December 12, 1867.
On motion of Mr. William Lawbexce,
lievolvcd. That tho Committee on the Judiciary he
instructed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing by iaw that solicitors in the Departments of the
Government and other law officers shall all consti-
tute a part of tho Attorney General's department.
Attest: EDWARD McPHERSON. Clerk.
In pursuance of that resolution a bill has
been prepared, which I am directed to report
to the House. It proposes to establish, a law
department of the Government.
it is a fact perhaps not generally known that
while there is a War Department, a Navy, In-
terior, Treasury, Post Office, and State Depart-
ment, there is no law department. The Attor-
ney General is a mere "officer,'' and, unlike
the other Cabinet officers, is not the " head"
of a department. Every one of the Depart-
ments has one or more law officers responsible
to no common head, each giving different con-
structions frequently to the same laws, thus
creating a constant conflict between the De-
partments. The law officers of the different
Departments are some or all of them engaged
in construing the same laws,, thus requiring the
same work of different officers at the same
time. These offices have been created from
time to lime as the public necessity seemed to
require. They are presented in the following
table, showing the names of the officers, their
salaries, and the annual expense of the law
officers of the Government at Washington;
