THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
c.
Post Office Department,
Appointment Office, January 3,1668.
Sir: Inclosed please find blank oath and bond
to be executed by yourself and sureties as special
agent of this Department to take charge of the post
office at Augusta, Richmond county, Georgia. So
soon a3 the same shall have been executed andplaced
in the mail addressed to this Department, you will
then exhibit the inclosed commission to Foster Blod-
gett, or to the person m charge of the post office at
Augusta aforesaid, take possession of the public prop-
erty thereat, and enter on the full discharge of all
the duries thereof, as required by the postal laws and
regulations.
You will continue to conduct the office in thesame
manner as though you were postmaster until the
President and Senate shall have taken further action
inthe premises.
Your salary will be at the rate of 81,600 a year, with
three dollars per diem for subsistence.
Very respectfully, your obedient servnnt,
ST. JOHN B. L. SKINNER.
Just Assistant Postmaster General.
George W. Summers, e q., Augusta, Georgia.
Post Office Department,
Washington*, April 17,1S(58.
This is to certify that the foregoing, marked C, is a
true copy of a letter on record in this Department.
Ill witness whereof I have hereunto set mv hand
and causod the seal of the Post Office Depnrfc-
[l. s.] merit to be affixed at the General Post Offico
in the city of Washington, Districtof Colum-
bia, the day and yenr first ab.-vc written.
ALEX. W. RANDALL,
Postmaster General.
D.
Post Office Department,
Appointment Office, January 3,1SG8.
Sir: A copy of the bill of indictment found against
you in the United States district court for the south-
ern district of Georgia, for pcrjuiy, lias been placed
on file in this Department,and inconsequence thereof
the Postmaster General has mado an order suspend-
ing you from the office of postmaster at Augusta,
Georgia, and designated George W. Summers as spe-
cial agent of this Department, to take charge of the
aforesaid post office and all the public property
thereat.
You are, therefore, required to deliver to said
George W. Summers the mail key and all the public
property in your possession, upon the exhibition of
his commission anil demand lor tho mail key and
property aforesaid; take irom hitn duplicate receipts
for the bamc; retain one and forward the other to this
Deportment.
Veri lesueetfully, yours. Arc.,
ST. JOHN Ii. L. SKINNER,
First Assistant Postmaster General.
Foster Blodgett, esq., Augusta, Georgia.
Post Officf Department,
Washington, Apt UIV, iBGS.
This is to certify that the foregoing, marked D, is a
true copy of a letter on record in this Dcpaitment.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and caused the.seal of the Post Office Depart-
ment to lie affixed n,t tho General Post Offico,
[l. s.] in the city of Washington, Distiict ot Colum-
bia, the day and (lie year first above men-
tioned. AL1JN. W. RANDALL,
Postmaster General.
Cross-examined by Mr. Manager BrTr.un :
Queslion. Is the post office in Augusta,
Georgia, one that is within the appointment of
the President under the law ?
Answer. It is.
Question. Was Mr. Blodgett appointed by
the President?
Answer. He was.
. Question. When ?
Answer. ] cannot tell you that.
Question. Some time ago ?
Answer. Yes, sir; some time ago ; and con-
firmed by the Senate.
Question. Under what law did you, as Post-
master General, suspend him?
Answer. Under the law of necessity.
Question. Any other?
Answer. Under the law authorizing me to
put special agents in charge of offices where I
was satisfied that injustice was being done by
the postmaster, and under the practice of the
Department.
Quesiiun. I am asking you now as to the
law. We will come to the practice by and by.
Cannot you tell us whereabouts that law will
be found?
Answer. No, sir; not without referring to
my notes.
Question. Well, sir, refer to your notes.
Of course I do not mean that unwritten law—
the law of necessity?
Answer. No. ft was a question whether I
would close up the office, or appoint, a special
agent. [Holding a letter in his hand.] 1 have
there, in a letter I wrote 
Question. I do not care about your letters.
I am asking you to refer me to the law under
which you did it, if you can?
Answer. I can make no further reference
than I did to that law, except my authority to
appoint special agents.
Question. What statute did you do this
under?
Answer. Appoint the special agent?
Question. What statute did you do this act
under? What statute do you justify yourself
by?
Answer. I do not justify myself under any
particular statute.
Question. What general statute?
Answer. No general stalute.
Question. Then under 110 statute whatever,
either particular or general, do you justify
yourself. Now, sir, do you mean to say that
this took place on the 3d of January?
Answer. The lore part of January.
Question. The paper is dated the 3d.
Answer. The fore part of January.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the date of the
paper, Mr. Manager?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. They are all dated
the 3d of January, 18U8. [To the witness.]
Now, sir, have you ever communicated this
ease to the President?
Answer. I did.
Question. When?
Answer. 1 do not recollect; some time after
it was done.
Question. About how long?
Answer. Perhaps a week.
Question. More?
Answer. I do not remember about that; a
few days afterward.
Queslion. Did you take any advice of tho
President, or consent, or order before you
made this removal ?
Answer. I did not.
Question. Was the verbal complaint the
same, or different from the written complaint
against Foster Blodgett ?
Answer. It was the same. It was the state-
ment that he had been indicted by the district
attorney.
Question. The statement that lie had been
indicted?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And was there any other com-
plaint ?
Answer. And a copy of the indictment.
Question. Was there any other complaint
than that?
Answer. I do not remember now whether
there was any other or not.
Question. Who made the complaint to you?
Answer. The district attorney of that dis-
trict stated to mc the fact that an indictment
had been found against him.
Question. Did he state it to you in person?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Queslion. Did you ask him to forward you a
copy?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did he do so?
Answer. He did, or somebody did.
Question. Somcbodydid. Doyouknowwho?
Answer. I cannot tell, unless he did.
Question. Did you prepare these papers
here ?
Answer. I ordered them to be prepared.
Question. You ordered all the papers to be
prepared ?
Answer. I did.
Question. Why is not a copy of the indict-
ment here, then ?
Answer. It was not inquired for, and I did
not think of it.
Queslion. If it was not inquired for, who
made the inquiry for the papers ?
Atisver. One of the attorneys asked me
about the case.
Question. One of tho counsel asked you
about the case, the papers I am talking about
Answer. He asked me what was the condi-
tion of the case, what the testimony of Mr.
Blodgett meant, and I told him, and told him
I could furnish all the orders that were made
in the case; and I did so. - -
Question. Then you volunteered to furbish
him the orders?
Answer. I did?
Question. Why did you fc&fcfttrnish us a copy
of the indictment?
Answer. I cannot tell about that. I did not
think anything about it. I would -have -fur-
nished it to you if you had asked me for it.
You did not ask me for any copies.
Question. Now, sir, had yon any other coal'
plaint against Foster Blodgett except the fact
that he was indicted ?
Answer. I do not remember any now.
Question. Have you any inclination of your
mind ; anything in your mind, in any wajr, of
anything else brought against him?
Answer. I cannot tell you now. I do not
remember anything else. There may be some-
thing in the papers.
Queslion. Have you any remembrance of
acting upon any other, which yon have forgot-
ten ?
Answer. I do not remember anything now.
The papers are quite voluminous, and there
may be something else in thein. I do not re-
member now.
Question. Did you act upon any other than
this?
Answer. Not that I remember.
Question. Now, sir, was not that an indict-
ment brought by the grand jury of that county
against him for taking the test-oath ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Was it for anything else except
that he was supposed to have sworn falsely
when he swore the test-oath?
Answer. Not that I remember.
Question. It was taking the test-oath as an
officer of the United States that he had not
been in the rebellion?
Ansicer. Yes.
Question. And you removed hira for that?
Answer. No, sir; I did not remove him.
Question. You suspended him for that?
Answer. Yes.
Question. Did you give him any notice of
the suspension?
Ansxcer. I did.
Queslion. That you were going to do it?
Answer. No, sir; not that I was going to do
it. I sent him the notice you see there, or
directed it to be sent.
Question. You sent a notice suspending
him?
Answer. I directed notice to be sent to him
that he was suspended, a copy of which is in
the papers.
Question. That was the order of suspension?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. You did not give him any means
of defending himself, or showing what had
happened to him, or how it came on ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. But you suspended him at Once?
Answer. I did.
Question. Is there any complaint on yoar
books that he had not properly administered
this office?
Answer. I do not remember any.
Question. Certainly none upon which you
acted ?
Answer. Not that I remember.
Question. And a competent officer, acting
properly, because somebody found an indict-
ment against him for taking the test-oath,
swearing he was a Union man, you suspended,
without any hearing or trial at all?
Ansicer. I do not swear to any sucli state-
ment as that. Part of it is incorrect. If you
will ask me to state what there is about this
case, I shall be glad to do it.
Question. I will ask this question, and you
will answer it 
The Witness. Ask your questions and I
will answer them.
Question. I will put this question : Did you
