4344
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
Mr. HIGBY. According to my construc-
tion of the law it expires in July, 1869.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then there is plenty of
time to consider this bill at the next session.
Mr. HIGBY. There is a difference inthe
construction of the law ; I have only given
what is my construction of it. This is to ob-
viate any difficulty that may arise because of
that difference of construction. We do not
ask any extension of time for the completion
of the road, or any increase of the grant;
only an extension of the time for the comple-
tion of the first thirty miles. I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TEKlUTOltY 01' WYOMING.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 3o7, to provide a territo-
rial government for the Territory of Wyoming ;
which was taken from the table, and read a
first and second time.
The question was upon the tlyrd reading of
the bill.
Mr. WASHBUUNE, of Illinois. I move
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Territories; and upon that motion 1 call the
previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the bill will be put
upon its passage now.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to ask a parliament-
ary question. Should the previous question be
seconded and the motion to refer be voted down,
will not the question then be upon tho passage
of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburnk] has moved to refer
the bill to the Committee on Territories, and
demanded the previous question. If the pre-
vious question should be sustained, and the
motion to refer voted down, the previous ques-
tion will not exhaust itself till the third reading
of the bill.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the House will vote
down the motion to refer, and pass tho bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the previous
question will not be sustained.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw the call for the previous question, and
yield the floor to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Ashley,] the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Territories.
Mr. ASHLEY', of Ohio. There are two or
three amendments which I desire to offer to
this bill.
The SPEAKER. A motion to amend can-
not be made while a motion to refer is pend-
ing.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I desire to say
that the Committee on Territories have in-
structed me to move the reference of this bill
to that committee for action next winter. With
that statement 1 ask the previous question.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Will the gentleman yield
to mo for a moment ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I desire to state that at
the commencement of tho present session,
some eight months ago, this bill was referred
to the Committee on Territories of this House.
I, with other gentlemen, wgntbefore that com-
mittee : but we have nev%r been able to get
any action upon the bill. We wore compelled
to go to the Senate and get the bill introduced
there. It was unanimously reported there by
the Committee on Territories. It was discussed
almost a whole day in the Senate, many of the
Senators having recently visited that section
of the country and seen this proposed Terri-
tory ; and the bill was passed without a dis-
senting vote. It is now on the Speaker's
table, and I hope it may be put on its passage.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] to yield to allow an
amendment to be reported.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I cannot yield
now. If the bill should not be referred I have
two or three amendments I desire to offer.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
should be sustained there will be no oppor-
tunity for amendments, though the motion to
refer should be voted down.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
drew the call for the previous question; but on
the express condition that tho gentleman from
Ohio should renew it.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Before calling the
previous question 1 will answer any question
which may be asked.
Mr. SOHENCK. I ask my colleague why,
in the name of common sense, this Territory is
to be called Wyoming. What is the associa-
tion or connection of that name with this par-
ticular district of country?
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. If there is
to be any debate, I would like to ask why should
this Territory be organized, imposing upon the
Government a vast increase of expense?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will say to my
colleague [Mr. Sciienck] that I selected that
name because it designated better than any
other name which I could find the character
of the Territory, Wyoming, meaning in the In-
dian language " large plains." 1 thought it
better and more appropriate than Cheyenne,
Shoshonee, or the name of any Indian tribe,
mountain, or river within the limits of the Ter-
ritory.
Mr. Speaker, when the Territory of Mon-
tana was organized, as chairman of the com-
mittee I blocked out the present' Territory,
gave it the name of Wyoming, and attached
it to tho Territory of Dakota. At that time I
had never been through the Territory, and my
judgment was that there was territorial area
enoughin that country to form another Territory
sufficiently large to contain population enough
for a State. In 18G5 I traveled over the con-
tinent, and was in all the Territories except
Arizona and New Mexico. From a personal
examination I then came to tho conclusion
that we had more territorial organizations now
than necessary, and that in this proposed Ter-
ritory, which appears upon the map as large as
all New England, there was not fertility enough
in the soil to subsist a population sufficient lor
a single congressional district. Not one acre
can be cultivated without irrigation, and not
one acre in a thousand can be irrigated, because
there is no water with which to irrigate even
that proportion of its area.
Now, sir, we have too many territorial organ-
izations to-day. These Territories are the nu-
cleus of State organizations. After they are
organized and have formed constitutions and
been admitted as States they will remain as
States for all time to come, even though their
population decreased to a few thousand in-
habitants. The State organization would be
maintained for its political power and for the
honors and emoluments of the position of Sen-
ators and members.
The State of Oregon was admitted to rep-
resentation before I came into Congress, ten
years ago. To-day it has notthe population of
my congressional district.
The State of Nevada has not half the popu-
lation of my congressional district. If her
mines should fail, which I hope may never be
the case, the State would go into the sands as
her rivers do. It will never have but one
member. Its population will not increase fast
enough to keep pace with the increased ratio
which each apportionment of Representatives
will require if tho number of members should
remain as now, at 2.33.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was a member of the
Thirty-Fifth Congress, which admitted Oregon
as a State. It was objected that she had not
population equivalent to what was tho ratio for
a member at that time. The ratio of representa-
tion at that time was ninety thousand and odd.
Tt was then stated by the then Delegate, who
subsequently became Senator antt a candidate
for the Vice Presidency, that he most solemnly
believed the population of Oregon was quite
equal to the ratio.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I wish to correct the
gentleman on that point. I also was a mem-
ber when Oregon was admitted, and served in
the same Congress with General Lane. I wish
to do him justice. He said there were forty-
five thousand people there and a fraction over.
Oregon was admitted by a strict party vote.
I think the gentleman from Massachusetts will
bear me out.
Mr. DAWES. I was seeking the floor to
make a statement of my recollection of the
subject. My recollection is that General Lane
stated that the population of Oregon was ninety
thousand. I opposed the admission of Oregon,
Mr. Speaker, as you know, and stated at the
time the population was not fifty thousand.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. After I get through
I will be ready to answer any question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. At the time of the
admission of Oregon I was a member of this
House, and I remember making a speech
against it on the ground of paucity of popula-
tion. It was then declared that it had ninety
thousand population, and that was proved to
the satisfaction of the House.
A Member. That is to the Democrats.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The Legislature
of the Territory of Idaho has sent memorials
here for the organization of a territory out of
the northern part of that Territory and a part
of Montana and Washington. Citizens of
New Mexico have memoralized Congress to
give them a new Territory to be carved out of
tho southern part of that Territory, to be called
Montezuma. There is not a Territory upon
the continent in which you cannot find some
of the population ready to detach themselves
and organize a new Territory if Congress will
but give them a territorial government and
the offices and emoluments connected with it.
The secret of the extraordinary lobbying and
the offensive importunities to which members
have been subjected during this winter has not
been because tho people were anxious for the
organization of this new Territory. It has all
been in the interest of paper-city proprietors
and political "bummers, who desired the
offices. But it is claimed that there is a large
population in this part of Dakota without civil
government. I have offered to transfer two
of the judges from Dakota to that part of the
Territory, but that would not suit the wants
of the office applicants. The population of this
Territory is vastly overestimated. From the
vote of 1800 for the sitting Delegate, who ran
against the regular Republican candidate, I
should not think it was very large. He re-
ceived 593 votes and his competitor 264 votes.
It is proposed now to divide this Territory
with a voting population of a few hundred
men and make two Territories out of it, which
will cost the Government at least $100,000 a
year each. _ You will thus lay the foundation
for two political communities with four Sena-
tors and but one Representative each, States
which can never by any possibility have more
than one member.
Sir, what will be the effect of this policy if
we are to go on in this way; if a small popu-
lation in any part of a Territory and a few
speculators engaged in building paper cities
ask for a territorial government and it is granted
them? We have already eight organized Terri-
tories. We now have six States with but one
member each. At the next census we are to
have Rhode Island with but one. The admis-
sion of two or three Territories as States—
and they are now knocking at the door—will
give nine States with only nine Representa-
tives, one each, while at the same time they
will have eighteen Senators; and the number
of small States will increase instead of dimin-
ish if this policy of organizing new Territories
is to continue. _ When an election of Presi-
dent of the United States devolves on the
House of Representatives one voterin Nevada
with its present population represents sixty
times the power of a voter in New York. I
