1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3321
james heatherly.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 677.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. E. No. 677) granting a
pension to the minor children of James Heath-
erly. The bill directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place on the jDension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the names of the minor children of
James Heatherly, late of company E, eleventh
West Virginia volunteers, commencing Decem-
ber 19, I860.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with amendments. The amendm ents were,
in line six to insert the names of "Joseph,
Sarah, Loami, Francis, and James Heatherly
in line seven to strike out the word " minor"
before the word "children," and after the
word "children" to insert the words "under
the
pay
sixteen years of age}" in line nine, after
word "volunteers" to insert "and to
them a pension at the rate of eight dollars per
month ;" in lines ten and eleven to strike out
the words "December 19, 1866," and insert
"January 24, 1865, and to continue until they
severally attain the age of sixteen years;" so
that the bill will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and ho is
hereby, authorized and directed to placeon the pen-
sion-roll, subject to tho provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the names of Joseph, Sarah,
Loami, Francis, and James Heatherly, the children
under sixteen years of age of James Heatherly, late
of company E, eleventh West Virginia volunteers,
and to pay them a pension at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, commencing Janaary 24, 1865, and
to continue until they severally attain the age of
sixteen years.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to
be read a third time. It was read the third
time, and passed. Its title was amended so
as to read, " A bill granting a pension to the
children of Thomas Heatherly."
john ii. finlay.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 770.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con'
sider the bill (H. R. No. 770) granting a pen-
sion to John H. B'inlay. It directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to placc on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of John H. Pin-
lay, late a member of company G, second Illi-
nois cavalry, commencing October 6, 1864.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with two amendments. The first amendment
was in line seven, to strike out the word " com-
mencing" and to insert the words "and to pay
him a pension at the rate of eight dollars per
month from."
The amendment was agreed to*
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of the bill the words "until June 6, 1866, and
thereafter at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to
be read a third time. It was read the third
time, and passed.
mary graham.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 667.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 667) grauting a
pension to Mary Graham. The Secretary of
• the Interior is directed by the bill to place on
the pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Mary Graham, mother of John Graham, alias
Patrick Ryan, latte of company A, eighteenth
United States infantry, commencing September
10,1866.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
cornelius l. rice.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move to take
up for consideration House bill No. 675.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R. No. 675) granting a
pension to the widow and minor children of
Cornelius L. Rice.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with amendments. ^The amendments were, in
line six to insert the name of " Elizabeth
Rice," and also to strike out the words "minor
children" and insert the words " William T.
S. Rice, the child under sixteen years ,of age;"
and in line nine, aftertheword "volunteers,"
to insert the words " and to pay her a pension
of ten dollars per month;" so that the bill
will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the names of Elizabeth Rice,
the widow, and William T. S. Rice, the child under
sixteen years of age, of Cornelius L. Rice, lato a
member of company B, ninety-first regiment Penn-
sylvania volunteers, and to pay her a pension of ten
dollars per month, commencing December 4,1866.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill
to be read a third time. It was read the
third time, and passed. The title of the bill
was amended so as to read, "A bill granting
a pension to the widow and minor child of
Cornelius L. Rice.
captain william m'kean.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 828.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 828) tor the relief
of Captain William McKean. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
William McKean, late captain company I,
ninety-second regiment New York volunteers,
on the pension-roll, and to pay to him the
same pension allowed by the general pension
laws to persons having lost the sight of both
eyes in the military service of the United
States, to be paid under the restrictions and
limitations imposed by the pension laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
david ii0vfe.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 769.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 769) granting a
pension to David Howe. The Secretary of
the Interior is directed by the bill to place on
the pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
David Howe, late a special agent in the provost
marshal's office for the fourth Massachusetts
district, commencing April SI, 1865.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with an amendment, to insert m line seven,
after the word " district," the words " and to
pay him a pension at the rate of fifteen dollars
per month."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The committee with-
draw the amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
john d. lay.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No- 771.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. E. No. 771) granting a
pension to John D. Lay. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
John D. Lay, a citizen of Daviess county,
Missouri, commencing on the 1st of January,
1862.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with an amendment, to insert after the word
"Missouri," in line six, the words "and to
pay him a pension at the rate of fifteen dollars
per month."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill
to be read a third time. It was read the third
time, and passed.
robert m'crory.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 772.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 772) granting a
pension to Robert McCrory. The bill makes
it the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Robert McCrory, late third assist-
ant engineer on the steamer John Raine,
commencing May 19, 1863.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment, to insert in line seven
the words "and to pay him a pension at the
rate of fifteen dollars per month."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I withdraw that
amendment; and I will state, in explanation
of the withdrawal of so many of these amend-
ments, that I do it in consequence of a confer-
ence with the committee of the other House.
Wherever there is anything on the face of the
bill which indicates the rate of pension I shall
withdraw the amendments of the Committee
on Pensions. Therefore, I withdraw this
amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions ;
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 538) to extend the bound-
aries of the collection district of Philadelphia
so as to include the whole consolidated city of
Philadelphia;
A bill (H. R. No. 861) relating to tho Su-
preme Court of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 176) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to provide for carrying the mails
from the United States to foreign ports, and
for other purposes," approved March 25, 1864 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 764) for the relief of cer-
tain exporters of rum;
A bill (H. R. No. 598) to continue the Bu-
reau for the relief of Freedmen and Refugees,
and for other purposes ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 198) to rees-
tablish the boundaries of the collection dis-
tricts of Michigan and Michilitnackinac, and to
change the names of the collection districts of
Michilimackinac and Port Huron; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 216) to author-
ize the Secretary of War to place at the dis-
posal of the Lincoln Monument Association
damaged and captured ordnance.
william ii sl'doxald.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed io the consideration of House bill
No. 773. , , „ t
The motion was agreed to: and the benate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 77S) granting a
