1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4345"
say nothing now of the inequality of political
power which this policy is sure to perpetuate.
It is violative of the democratic idea and the
representative principle.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Did not the gen-
tleman himself report the bills for these new
States?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir. If the
gentleman wants to know why I reported the
bills for Nebraska, Colorado, and Nevada, I can
state it; but it is not necessary for this dis-
cussion. I say, then, that the part of prudence
and of wisdom is to postpone the consideration
of this bill, as the Committee on the Territo-
ries, who have charge of it, understand it better
than any Senators who last year went to
Cheyenne, which is just within the eastern
limits of this Territory. They have not exam-
ined this matter as carefully as I have; being
a member of the committee for ten years, and
having twice passed through this proposed Ter-
ritory from east to west, I understand whatlam
talking about, and I say to this House that no
greater folly could be perpetrated than to erect
this Territory at this time. If done it will be
in the interest of office applicants and the
owners of cities on paper, and not in the inter-
est of the people of the Territory, and it will be
against the interests of the nation.
Mr. MAYNAIiD. Allow me to ask the gen-
tleman at what time he ascertained his error
and changed his territorial policy?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Well, I do not
care to go into that discussion just now. I
demand the previous question.
Mr. MAYNAED. I suggest that as the
gentleman was in error then, perhaps he may
be now.
Mr. SPALDING". I would like to have the
gentleman answer me one or two questions.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. After the previous
question is seconded.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have
no time after the previous question is seconded.
Mr. SPALDING-. How many square miles
are there in the Territory ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Sir, it is almost as
boundless as the desert of Sahara, and for the
most part as worthless.
Mr. SPALDING. How far is Cheyenne
from the seat of government of Dakota?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. About seven hun-
dred miles.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
61, noes 49 ; and the main question ordered.
Mr. CULLOM. If the motion to refer does
not prevail the question will then be on the
passage of the bill, will it not?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And if it
does prevail then the question will not be on
its passage ? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It will not.
The question being put on referring the bill
to the Committee on the Territories, there
were—ayes 51, noes 71.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I demand the yeas
and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes twenty-three ; not one fifth of the mem-
bers present.
Mr. ASHLEY. I demand tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Ashley, of Ohio, and Bing-
bam.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 26, noes 105 ; the affirmative not
being one fifth of the whole vote.
So the yeas and nays were refused, and the
the motion to refer the bill to the Committee
on the Territories was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 32, noes
95.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previews question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 50, not
voting 60 ; as follows:
?EAS—Messrs. Adams,Allison, Ames, Archer, Ar-
nell, Delos It. Ashley, Ax tell, Banks. Beck, Benton,
Bingham, Blair, Bowcn, Boyclon, Boyer, Brooks,
Buckland,Buckley, Roderick K. Butler, Callis, Gary,
Ohiu-chiil, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Covode,
Cu.lom.D&weesc, Dixon, Dockery, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley, Eggleston, Ela, Eldridge, Ferry, Garfield,
Getz, Glossbrenner, Goliaday, Goss. Gi-over, Hamil-
ton, HaugUey, Heaton, Uigby, Hill, Hinds, Hoteh-
kiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Ingersoll. Jenckes, John-
son, Alexander 11. Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kellogg,
Iverr.Koontz, Lash, Loan, Logan, Lougbridge, Ivlal-
lory, Mann, Marshall, Maynard, McCullough, Mc-
Keo, Moorhead, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn,
U'Reill, Paine, Peters, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Poland,
Polsley, Pomeroy, Randall. Kaum, Ross, Scofield,
Shanks, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Aaron P. Stevens, Stokes, Stone, Taffe, Twichell,
Upson, Van Auken, Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
James P. Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson. Wood, and
Woodbridge—106.
NAYS—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Baker, Beatty,
Boles, Boutwell, Brooraall, Header W. Clarke, Cook,
Dawes, Eliot. Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fields, French,
Griswold, Haight, Halsey, Hawkins, Hopkins, Hul-
burd, Hunter, Thomas L. Jones,, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Laflin, William Lawrence, McCarthy, Mercur. mil-
ler, Moore, Mullins, Orth,Perham, Phelps, Robert-
son, Sawyer. Sehenck, Stewart, Taber, Thomas, Law-
rence S. Tunable, Trowbridge. Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, William Williams, and Win-
dom—50.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Bailey, Bald-
win, Barnes, Barnuin, Bearnan, Benjamin, Black-
burn, Blaine, Bromwell. Burr, Benjamin P. Butler,
Cake, Chanler, Cornell, Delano, Dodge, Pinnoy, Fox,
Gravely. Harding, Holman, Hooper. Asahel W. Hub-
bard, .Richard 1). Hubbard, Humphrey, Julian,
Kitchen, Knott,George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Lynch,
Marvin, McClurg. McCorniick, Morrell, Morrissey,
Mungen. Newcomb.Newsham.Norris, Plants, Price,
Pruyn, Robinson, Roots, Selye, Sheliabarger, Thad-
deus Stevens, Sypher, Taylor, John Trimble, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Vidal, Ca&walader
C. Washburn, Whittemoro, Thomas Williams, John
T. Wilson, and Woodward—60.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. TABER stated that Mr. Van Tp.cmp
was confined to his room by sickness.
The result having been announced as above,
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate in-
sisted on its amendments disagreed to by the
House to the bill (H. 11. No. 1096) making an
appropriation of money to carry into effect the
treaty with Russia of March 80, 1867, agreed
to the conference asked on the disagreeing
votes thereon, and had ordered that Mr. Sto-
ker, Mr. Morgan, and Mr. Doolittle be the
conferees on the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate insisted on its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House to the bill (H.
R. No. 1205) to further amend the postal laws,
agreed to the conference asked on the dis-
agreeing votes thereon, and had ordered that
Mr. Ramsey, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. McCreery
be the conferees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution (S. R. No.
170) in relation to the library of the Depart-
ment of Agriculture, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a vast amount
of business yet on the Speaker's table, and I
propose that wo have a meeting at half past
seven o' clock this evening. [Cries of "Agreed,"
and "No, no."]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will say,
if the gentleman from Ohio will permit me,
that I am willing that we shall go to business
on the Speaker's table to-morrow at one
o'clock. [Cries of "Agreed!"]
Mr. SCHENCK. We cannot get through
business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, yes;
we can. The Senate have adopted no resolu-
tion to adjourn. We may be kept here ten
days.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio that he move to adjourn till tea
o'clock to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. That would require unani-
mous consent. [Cries of "Object."]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consent that we may go to busi-
ness on the Speaker's table to-morrow after
the election case is disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall be perfectly satis-
fied with whatever the House may determine,
but I prefer that my motion should be put for
a recess until half past seven o'clock this
evening.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend by
striking out "half past seven o'clock this
evening," and inserting "half past ten o'clock
to-morrow morning."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, no;
the committee have to meet in the morning.
Mr. GARFIELD. We can do more work
in the morning than we can do in the evening.
The question was taken on Mr. Garfield's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Scbenck's
motion; and it being put, the motion was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now ask
unanimous consent that the House shall pro-
ceed to the business on the Speaker's table
to-morrow after the Missouri and Utah con-
tested-election cases shall have been dis-
posed of.
Several Members. Only the Missouri case.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well,
then, until after the Missouri contested-elec-
tion case is disposed of.
Mr. DAWES. I object, unless the Utah
case can be disposed of. It will be very brief.
I do not propose to occupy two minutes' time
myself. The contestant, I understand, desires
to occupy an hour. It is due to the commit-
tee that the case should be disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Pile] will be entitled to the floor for
one hour on his own case.
Mr. PILE. I will state for the information
of the House that I shall not detain them more
than fifteen minutes.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. Then that will be all
right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that there is no objection to the order that the
House shall proceed to the business on the
Speaker's table after the Missouri and Utah
contested-election cases are disposed of to-
morrow.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday July 23, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. U. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS. and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message of the President of the
United States, transmitting to the Senate in
compliance with its resolution of the 9th in-
stant, a report from the Secretary of State,
communicating a copy of a paper received by
him purporting to be a resolution of the sen-
ate and house of representatives of the State
of Alabama, ratifying the proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
known as article fourteen; which was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
lands in nebraska.
The PRESIDENT .pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
