1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1273
This does not include expenses of counsel
employed by the various Departments in the
Court of Claims and for services otherwise
at Washington, which would probably reach
$10,000, and which, with the additional twenty
per cent, to civil employes, authorized by
the joint resolution of Congress of February
28, 1807, amounting to about eight thousand
eight hundred and fifty dollars, makes the
total annual cost $110,648 39.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his last
annual report, referring to the accounting
officers of his Department, says:
"The Secretary respectfully recommends the reor-
ganization of the accounting offices of the Treasury
Department, so as to place this branch of the public
service under one responsible head, according to what
seems to have been designed in the original organi-
zation of the ^Department, and followed until the
increase of business led to the creation of the office
of Second Comptroller, and subsequently to that of
Commissioner of Customs. There are now three
officers controUing the settlement of accounts, each
independent of the others, and, as aconsequence, the
rules and decisions are not uniform where the same
or like questions arise. In the judgment of the Sec-
retary the concentration of the accounting offices
under one head would secure greater efficiency, as
well as greater uniformity of practice, than can bo
expected under a divided supervision. It is believed,
also, that it would be advantageous to relieve the
Commissioner of Customs of the duty of settling ac-
counts, and to confine his labors to the supervision
of the revenue from customs, now sufficiently largo
to demand his whole time. It is therefore recom-
mended that the office of Chief Comptroller be cre-
ated, having general supervision of the accounting
officers and appellate ju .sdsction from their decis-
ions, to which should be transferred the duty of
examining and countersigning warrants on the Treas-
ury and of collecting: debts due the Government, now
constituting a part of the duties of the First Comp-
troller; and that the adjustment of accounts pertain-
ing to the customs be lestored to the latter office."
The reasons here presented apply with greater
force to the law officers of the Government.
The law officer of the internal revenue depart-
ment is required to decide questions affecting
the business interests of the whole country
w ithout the sanction or approval of the Attorney
General. To remedy the defects of the present
system this bill proposes to establish a "law
department," of which the Attorney General
shall be the "head/1 It provide* for bureaus in
the law department of "international law,"
"revenue law," "military and naval law,"
"postal law," "patentlaw," "landlaw," and of
the "Court of Claims;" withaprincipaloflicer,
to be called asolicitor, for each of said bureaus.
Assistant solicitors are provided in the bureau
of revenue law and of the Court of Claims.
It provides for the transfer to these bureaus
of the solicitors and assistant solicitors and
other law officers now in the different Depart-
ments, ancl leaves them in office until April 1,
1809, when new officers may be appointed by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
It proposes to abolish the office of Judge Ad-
vocate General and of Solicitor and Naval
J udge Advocate General. It proposes to abol-
ish the office of Solicitor of Internal Re\ ejiue,
devolving his duties on the solicitors of the
bureau of revenue law. It requires the ap-
proval of the Attorney General to all opinions,
and thereby secures uniformity in the construc-
tion and administration of all laws. It requires
an annual report from the law department of
its operations, including the statistics of crime,
national and State. It requires the officers
established by the bill to perform all legal
duties of the Departments and of the Govern-
ment at Washington, and puts an end to the
favoritism and expense heretofore existing of
employing extra counsel in eases.^ _ In some
cases the Attorney General or Solicitor Gen-
eral may manage cases in the circuit courts,
and thus save the expense of employing assist-
ant counsel there. rl he whole expense of the
law department is estimated at about one fourth
less than the expenses now incurred. I move
that the bill be printed, and recommitted to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by"which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOEEENDEIt, OF CRIMINALS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported back a bill (H. lb. No. 719) for the
surrender of persons convicted of certain
crimes.
The bill was read. It enacts that no person
who may have been duly convicted and ad-
judged guilty of murder, piracy, assassination,
arson, robbery, or forgery, and whose convic-
tion has not been reversed, shall be allowed to
enter or remain in the United States.
Section two authorizes,the President of the
United States, upon the production of satisfac-
tory proof that the person so convicted of either
of the said crimes as aforesaid has entered,
or is about to enter, the United States, to re-
turn, or to cause to be returned, such convict
to the country from which he came or in which
he may have been so convicted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am directed by
the Committee on .the Judiciary to report two
amendments to this bill which I think will
remove any objection that miglit be brought
against it. The first amendment is to insert
after the word " duly,J' in the first section, the
words " arrested, tried." The second amend-
ment is to insert in the second section, after
the word "so," the words "arrested, tried,
and."
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to ask if there
is anything in the bill which changes the usual
practice of insisting upon conviction before
surrender ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It provides that
the party shall have been arrested, tried, and
convicted.
Mr. CHA NLER. I did not liear the words._
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The purpose of
the bill is simply this, to prevent persons in
foreign countries who have committed the
crimes of murder, robbery, arson, or one or
two other of the higher grades of crimes men-
tioned in the bill, from seeking an asylum in
the United States.
I will state that the particular case which
gives rise to this bill is one which demands
immediate action, but I do not Icel authorized
to state the circumstances of the ease, because
such a statement might defeat the object. In
that particular instance it is of pressing im-
portance that it should be passed, and it inter-
feres with no person except a person who
has been arrested, tried, and duly convicted
of one of these liigh crimes and has escaped
from the jurisdiction which convicted him and
is seeking an asylum in the United States.
Mr. CHANLER. I would ask the gentleman
the further question, if this bill touches those
cases which have arisen in our intercourse
with foreign nations relating to desertion
under the military laws of foreign countries?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Oh, no ; it has no
reference to cases of that kind.
Mr. CHANLER. Does it directly and prac-
tically protect our citizens from foreign laws
in that respect? That is a question of some
importance.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It has no reference
to cases of that kind nor to the protection of
citizens of the United States in any foreign
country. It merely operates to protect the
United States against the presence of persons
duly convicted of these high crimes, and who
seek an asylum within the United States.
That is all.
Mr. CHANLER. My object is simply to
prevent any construction of this law by impli-
cation which would bring our citizens under
anv charge of the kind 1 have mentioned.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. There can be
none whatever.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I was
not present at the meeting of the Judiciary
Committee when this bill was considered.^ 1
have no objection to it except in one particu-
lar. It strikes me that its phraseology needs
correction. If 1 heard it correctly, it provides
for the surrender, not only of persons who
have entered the. country, but of such as are
"about to enter" it. Now, we cannot do
that; we cannot return parties who are about
to come into the country.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not think the
gentleman's point is well taken against the
bill, because it merely authorizes the Presi-
dent to act, and the President can only act
within the jurisdiction of the United States.
But the gentleman will at once see that a per-
son may be on board an American ship and
before lie sets foot upon American soil—ex-
cept that which is practically American soil,
the deck of an American ship—he may be
surrendered by the President under the opera-
tion of this bill. I ask the previous question
on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. ROBINSON. I would ask the gentle-
man from Iowa if this bill would include per-
sons convicted of treason ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That crime is not
mentioned in the bill.
Mr. ROBINSON. If that is so I have no
objection to the bill. But there might be such
a thing as shutting out an Emmet or a Kossuth.
Mr. JUDD. 1 desire to ask the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee if this bill would
not, by its terms, exclude from this country a
party who may have been convicted of these
crimes and afterward pardoned by his own
Government?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Why, not at all.
Mr. JUDD. I so understand the language;
perhaps I am mistaken.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman is
entirely mistaken. The President cannot sur-
render, under the terms of this bill, the subject
of any other country seeking an asylum in the
United States unless the conviction is still
operating.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to ask an additional
question. Suppose a party has served for the
term for which he was convicted, and he comes
to this country twenty years afterward ; is this
bill intended to exclude such a person ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. _ Certainly not;
and it could not by any possibility be so con-
strued.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Upon that ques-
tion I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PEUSOXAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to make a statement
in regard to my vote upon the bill passed yes-
terday appropriating $50,000 for the relief of
American citizens abroad. My vote is recorded
in the negative. I voted in the affirmative,
and then changed my vote under a misappre-
hension. I am in favor ol the bill.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CHANLER. I call for the regular
°rThe SPEAKER. The regular order is the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill, which has been reported irom the
Committee of the Whole with sundry amend-
ments. The-previous question has been ordered,
and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
house] is entitled to the floor for one hour.^
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois-. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Appropriations
to ask consent of the House to withdraw the
