1274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
additional section which I moved yesterday as
an amendment, and upon which the point of
order was raised.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a
right to withdraw the amendment, no action
having been taken upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe
it vas the understanding that I should take my
hour as we went over the amendments; I hope
not to take the fifth part of it. I would, there-
fore, ask the Clerk to read the amendments
for action at this time, and if I think it neces-
sary to make any statements I will do so as
they are read.
The SPEAKER. All time taken up by
acting upon these amendments will come out
of the gentleman's hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well.
The first amendment was to the clause
making appropriations for the compensation
and mileage of Senators, by striking out
" $430,000" and inserting " $320,000."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment was to add to the
same clause the following:
In addition to any unexpended balance of appro-
priation lor that purpose in the Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The third amendment was to strike out the
following:
For compensation of the officers, clerics, messen-
gers, and others receiving an annual salary inthe
service of the Senate, namely: Secretary of the Sen-
ate, $3,600; officer oharged with disbursements in
the Senate, $480; chief clerk, $2,500; principal clerk
and principal executive clerk in the office of the
Secretary of the Senate, at $2,160 eacli; eight clerks
m office of theSecretaryof the Senate, at $1,850 cach;
keeper of the stationery, 51.752; two messengers, at
$1,030 each; one p;ige, at, $500; Scrgeant-at-Arms
and Doorkeeper, $2,000; assistant doorkeeper, ;
postmaster to the Senate, &1,'(50; assistant postmas-
ter and mail carrier, $1,410; two mail boys, at $1,000
each; superinteudentof the document-loom, SI,500;
two assistants in document-room, at $1,200 each; su-
perintendent of the folding-room, 61,500; three mes-
sengers, acting as assistant doorkeopers, at $1,500
each; seventeen messengers, at $1,200 each ; clerk or
secretary to the President oi the Senate, $1,752; clcrk
to the Committee on finance, $1,850; clerk to tho
Committee on Claims. 81,850; clerk of plinting rec-
ords, §1,850; clerk to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, $1,850; superintendent in charge of tho fur-
naces, $1,200; assistant in charge of furnaces, S8b4;
three laborers, (one in charge of private passages,)
at$864 each; Chaplain to the Senate, $750; one spe-
cial policeman, $864; making $84,745.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
For compensation of the officers, clerks, messen-
gers, and others receiving an annual salary in the
service of the Senate, namely: Secretary of the Sen-
ate, $4,320; officer charged with disbursements ot the
Senate, $576; chiefcleilc, $3,000; principal clerk and
principal executive eioik in the oinee ot the Secre-
tary of the Senate, at $2,592 each; eight clerks m
office of the Secretary of tho Senate, at $2,2J> cach;
keeper of the stationery, $2,102 40; two messengers,
at $1,296 each ; one page, at 8720; Sergeant-at-Arms
and Doorkeeper, $2,400; assistant doorkeeper, 42,040;
postmaster to the Senate, $2,100; assistant postmas-
ter and mail carrier, $1,728; two mail boys,
each; superintendent of the document-room. 41,800;
two assistants in document-room, at il,440 each; su-
perintendent of the folding-room, $1,800; thi ee mes-
sengers, acting as assistant doorkeepers at W.800
each; seventeen messengers, at 81,440 each; clerk or
secretary to the President of the Senate 4.2,102i 40;
olerk to the Committee on Finance, ij.2,220; clerk to
the Committee on Claims, $2,220; clerk to the Com-
mittee on Printing Records, $2 220; superintendent
in charge of the furnaces, $1,440; assistant in charge
ot furnaecs, $864; laboier in charge of private pas-
sages, $864; two laborers, at $864 each; Chaplam to
the Senata, $900; one special policeman, &8b4, mak-
iug §98,704 80.
},Ir. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Thatamend-
ment involves the twenty per cent, question.
Now. in order to have the question fairly settled ,
I appeal to gentlemen who are interested in this
amendment to agree to modily it. As 1 have
already stated more than once, twenty per
cent, has been added to all salaries of loss than
$1,000. This amendment proposes to add the
twenty per cent, twice. I suppose it was 1,nt
the intention of the gentleman who offered the
amendment in Committee of the Whole [Mr.
Woodbridoe] to double the twenty per cent,
on the laborers, for instance.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I did not so intend.
I do not want to add twenty per cent, to those
who have already had twenty per cent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
would suggest the adding the following proviso
to the amendment:
Provided, None of the twenty percent, hereby ap-
propriated shall bo applied to the salary of any per-
son whose pay is not $1,000.
Mr. LOGAN. I would suggest to my col-
league to say "where it has been otherwise
allowed."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I pre-
sume we all want to accomplish the same
thing, not to double the twenty per cent, to
any of these parties. I would suggest to those
who favor this amendment to prepare some
provision to secure that object while the yeas
and nays are being taken upon the original
amendment. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
I do not propose to take up any time in dis-
cussing this question any further. It was dis-
cussed very fully in committee. I believed
then, as I believe now, that we cannot, as con-
sistent and just legislators, vote for the pay-
ment of this twenty per cent. It will take some
forty-six thousand dollars to pay the twenty
per cent, upon the salaries of the officers of the
House and the Senate ; and if this amount be
appropriated I say to gentlemen that we must
vote the twenty per cent, to all tlio employes
of the Government, not only here but every-
where else.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Will the gentleman
yield to me a moment for an explanation?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. The bill as reported
by the Committee on Appropriations provided
for the payment of the employes of the House
and tho Senate, designating the sums which
they should rcceivc. Mow, I understand from
the gentleman that in all cases where the sal-
ary was below §1,000 the committee added the
twenty per cent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Yes, sir;
the bill was reported in that way.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. My amendment does
not aflect that proposition one way or the
other, because by the amendment the entire
paragraph providing for these salai ics is stricken
out of the bill and the corresponding para-
graph from the act of last year is inserted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If that be
so there is no necessity for tho modification
which I have suggested. I understood that the
gentleman's amendment was to add twenty per
cent, to the amount specified in the bill. I ask
that the amendment be again read.
The Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, oflllinois. 1 see that
the statement of the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. WoodmudgeJ is correct. There is no
necessity for the modification which I have
suggested. I demand the yeas and nays on
the amendment of the gentleman from Ver-
mont.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish it
understood by the House that a vole ay on this
question is to add twenty per cent, to the sal-
aries provided for by the bill. For instance, the
salary of the Secretary of the Senate as named
in the bill is $4,GOO. The amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont, if carried, will make
the salary $4,320.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman fioin
Illinois [Mr. WASnBUim:] allow me one word
by way of explanation ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Vermont, if adopted, will give the
Secretary of the Senate just what the law now
gives him.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. The same
argument would apply with regard to many
other tilings which were stricken out.
Mr. LOGAN. That does not make any
difference. I want it understood that the
amendment of the gentleman from Vermont
siraplv carries out the existing law.
Mr.' EARNS WORTH. Will my colleague
[Mr. Washburne, of Illinois] yield to me a
moment'?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I only desire to say
that, as the House in Committee of the Whole
voted down the amendment offered by myself
to increase the pay of night watchmen from
$700 to $900, (these men now get only $700,)
I shall, in order to be consistent with that, vote
against this amendment; for when the House
refuses to give $900 a year to men who serve
from twelve to fifteen hours a day the whole
year round, I certainly will not vote to pay
these large salaries to the employes of the
House and Senate who serve only during the
sessions of Congress. I desire to increase, in
the first place, the pay of the men receiving
small salaries, who have families as well as
others. When the House will be consistent
and increase their pay I will go for increasing
the pay of those receiving larger^alaries. As
much has been said here with regard to sol-
diers, I will say that it is among the night
watchmen in the Department that you will
find the soldiers, not among the employes about
the Capitol.
Mr. I-IIGBY. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
only one hour to explain all these amendments,
and I call for the vote.
The question was taken on agreeing to the
fourth amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of tho Whole, and it was decided in the
affirmative, there being—yeas 89, nays 45, not
voting 55 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer, Arnell
Dclos It. Ashlev, Banks, Barnutn. Bingham, Blair,
Boyer, l}urr, Cary, Clianler, Reader W. Clarke, Co-
burn, Dodge, Driggs, Hckley, Eldridgc, Eliot, Ferriss,
Ferry, Gclx, Glorsbrenner, Golladay, Gravely, Gris-
wold, Hopkins, Ilotclikiss, Asahel \V. Hubbard. In-
gersoil, Jenckcs, Jones, Judd, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott,
Lutlm, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Mal-
lory, McCarthy, McOullough, Meicur, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Morgan, Morreil, Mungen. Myers, New-
comb, Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Paine, Peters,
Phelps, Poland, Polsley, Robertson, Robinson,
Schenck, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkwea-
ther, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Taber, Taffe, Thomas,
John Trimble, Lawrence S. 'Xrimble, Twichell, Van
Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, John T. Wil-
son, Stephen P. Wilson, Windom, Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Baker, Beaman,
Beatty, Boutweil, Bromweli, Broomall, Buckland,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Farnsworth,
Fields, Haight, Halsey, Harding, Higby, Holman,
Chester D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Julian,
William Lawrence, Loan, Loughridgc, Mullins, Orth
Perhani, Pike, Plants, Price, Sawyer, Seoiield.
Shanks, Taylor, Trowbridge, Cpson, Ward, Cad-
walader O. Washburn, Etihu B. Washburne, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, and James F. Wil-
son—45
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Axtell,
Bailey, Baldwin, Barnes, Beck, Benjamin, Benton,
Blaine, Brooks, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Cornell,
Covode, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Eggleston, Ela,
Finney, Fox, Garfield, Grover, Hawkins, Hill,
Hooper, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulbuid, Johnson,
Kclley, ICelsey, Kitchen, Koontz, Lynch, Marshall,
Marvin, Maynard, McCiurg, McCormiek, Morrissey,
Niblack, Pile, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall, Raum,
Ross, Selye, Sheliabarger, Aaron P. Stevens, Thad-
deus Stevens, Van Aeinam, Robert T. Van Horn,
and Henry D. Washburn—55.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment;
Page 4, lines seventy-four and seventy-five, strike
out the following:
For packing boxes for Senators, gS,500.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that will not be concurred in. We have voted
the same item for ourselves. It will only be
a matter of conference between the two Houses.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Page 4, lino cigli;y-nne, strike out the following:
lor miscellaneous items 4-25,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that will be rejected. It is necessary the Sen-
ate should have this for miscellaneous items.
We have voted it for ourselves.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Strike out from line eighty-six to line one hundred
and, twenty-three inclusive. M-: follows:
For compensation of the officers, clerks, messen-
gers. and others receiving an annual salary in the
service of the House of Representatives, namely:
