2298
WM COT#BESSIOMA&; GL0B1.
April 15,
The House accordingly resolved,-itself into
the Committee of the Whole, in obedience to
the order, and proceeded to, the bar of the
Senate.
At twelve o'clpck and twenty minutes p. m.
the Committee of the iWhole returned to the
Hall, and the Speaker having resumed the chair.
Mr. ^yASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee &£ the Whole
have, according to order., attended the managers
to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court of
impeachment for the trial of Andrew Johnson 5
progress has been made in the trial, and the
Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment, has
adjourned until twelve o'clock to-morrow.
chamber of commerce op geneva.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House thefollowing letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury:
treasury department,
April 14,1s(3s.
. sir: I take the liberty of inclosing to you, with
the request that you will submit it to the House, a
copy of an " address of members of tho Chamber of
Commereoof Geneva and a numberof citizens to the
Congress of tho United. States of America and the
chambers of commerce of their sister Republic."
1 am advised that some of the gentlemen who
signed tho address arc mcmbei'3 of the Government
of the Canton of Geneva, and of the Federal Con-
gress of Switzerland, and that all are persons of the
highest respectability.
Tho Government and tho people of Switzerland
sympathizedssinoercly with the Governmentandloyal
people of thoTJnited States in their recent struggle' for
the preservation of the Union and of constitutional
liberty, and they are therefore, perhaps, justifiable
in expressing to Congress through one ot their most
important chambers of eommercethe interest which
they feel in tho advancement and maintenance of
our financial credit.
i have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,
11, mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treasury,
Hon. sciruyfjer colfax,
Speaker of the Home of Jleprencniatioca.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, the letter
and accompanying address were referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to bo printed.
sepahate customs district, maine.
TheSPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting a report of
a special agent of the Department, relative to
tho necessity of a separate customs district in
Maine, and recommending the same; which,
on motion of Mr. Peters, were referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
steamship atlantic.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Navy, transmitting, in compliance
with the resolution of the House, the corre-
spondence between that Department and the
district attorney of New York, relative to the
steamship Atlantic; which, on motion of Mr.
Wasiiburke, of Illinois, were referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent (o
introduce a joint resolution for the relief of a
soldier.
The SPEAKER. No business can be now
transacted unless proper notification was given
before the House went to the Senate.
And then, on motion of Mr. COVODE, (at
twelve o'clock and twenty-liv.e minutes p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
Tlie following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition of cit-
izens of Washington and District of Colum-
bia, praying for the passage of House bill No.
224, for the incorporation of the Washington
and Cincinnati National Railroad Company.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio: Additional
vouchers in support of the claimants for losses
sustained by the capture of the United States
war steamer Undine.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Thomas S.
Hathaway, Pardon Tillinghast, and 57 others,
merchants of New Bedford, Massachusetts,
praying that the effective action of the Coast
Survey may be continued.
Also, the petition of T. W. Sherman and
others, praying that the service rations may
not be withdrawn from retired officers.
By Mr. PAINE : A memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of Milwaukee, for an appro-
priation for the Buffalo harbor.
Also, the petition of It. C. Hathaway, of
Wisconsin, for a survey and sale of certain
lands in that State.
By Mr. TROWBRIDGE: A memorial of
the trustees of the Massachusetts Society for
the Promotion of Agriculture, asking Congress
to engage the services of Professor John Gam-
gee, head of the Albert Veterinary College,
London, to investigate the diseases of the live
stock of this country with a view to their pre-
ventionand cure, and thus saving to the country
the thousands of dollars now annually lost in
consequence of the ignorance 011 the subject.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 1-5, 18f>8.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
impeachment op the president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore called the
Senate to order, and at once vacated the chair,
that it might be occupied by the Chief Justice.
The Senate sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the chair
at four o'clock p. m.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 4G2.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that is done, I
suggest to the Senator from Maine whether we
should not pass the order which was asked for
on the impeachment trial?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
has one prepared I will give way; but I hope
this bill will be allowed to come up first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the order
wili be presented in a moment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let the bill first
come up and then it can be laid aside for the
moment.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 the motion of the Senator from
Maine.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the matter
before the Senate bo informally passed over
for the moment that I may offer the order
whicli I send to tlie Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
may be received by unanimous consent without
displacing the bill before the Senate.
There being no objection, the following order,
submitted by Mr. Johnson, was considered and
agreed to:
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to furnish to tho counsel for the President a
statementof the beginning andend of each executivo
and legislative session from 1789 to 1868.
senate contingent expenses.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whey,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 4.0!
making appropriations for the expenses of the
trial of the impeachment of Andrew Johnson
and other contingent expenses of the Senate
for the year ending June 30, 1888.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line nine, before the
word "expenses," to strike out the words
"miscellaneous items, including the;" and in
line eleven to strike out "fifty" and insert
" tenso as to make the clause read:
For expenses of the trial of the impeachment of
Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
$10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
eleven:
ffor miscellaneous items, $50,000.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is rather liberal
legislation on " miscellaneous" propositions.
I think we ought to know something about it. .
We vote miscellaneously sometimes, but not
such large sums if it can be avoided. I think
the chairman of the committee onght to state
to. the Senate something about what it relates
to, why it is, and how this deficiency has oc-
curred.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Out of this " mis-
cellaneous" item are paid a great variety
expenses, such as ordinary labor about the
Capitol not specifically provided for, which is
oftentimes considerable. Then there are funeral
expenses, which are sometimes large. _ Then,
growing out of an irregularity of practice, this
fund is sometimes drawn upon where other ap-
propriations have been short. Upon the best
examination we could give it the Committee
ou Appropriations became thoroughly satisfied
that there is a deficiency growing out of these
reasons to this extent, which the Senate ought
to provide for. That is the general statement.
This business belongs more immediately, how-
over, to the Committee on Con tingent Expenses.
Mr. DIXON. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator whether any.part of this appropriation for
miscellaneous items refers to the expenses of
this trial?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; that is
specifically provided for.
Mr. DIXON. That is covered by the spe-
cific appropriation of $10,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Ten thousand
dollars are, as far as the committee have any
information, deemed sufficient for any expenses
of this trial.
Mr. DIXON. The " miscellaneous " appro-
priation does not refer to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No. That item
relates to what is found necessary to carry us
forward to the end of the current year.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 should not have asked
the question which I propounded to the chair-
man if the Secretary of the Senate had fur-
nished us any statement of the origin of this
deficiency or the causes of it which would
have enlightened us upon the subject. Now,
sir, upon the general statement made by the
chairman I am not prepared to vote this sum
of $50,000 for miscellaneous items, to be under
the eontrol of the Secretary of the Senate. 1
think it is without parallel that, without a re-
port from the Secretary of the Senate showing
what these expenses are and how it is that the
Senate ought to appropriate $-50,000, we should
vote upon a general averment of miscellaneous
expenditures so much money. There is not
much use in talking about economy, retrench-
ment, and reform if we legislate in this general
way without that information which will enable
us to judge whether this money has been prop-
erly used by a public officer, and whether we
ought to vote it as a deficiency. I understand
this is a " deficiency."
Now, what has there been in the history of
the Senate so peculiar and extraordinary that
this deficiency should have occurred ? I be-
lieve the chairman mentions funeral expenses
I/am not prepared to say whether those ex-
ictises have necessarily heen larger recently
han heretofore. They are expenses that no
Senator will question ; they are not to be ques-
tioned; but they will hardly account for a fifth
part of this $o0,000 for miscellaneous expend-
lturcs. The answer given by the chairman is
to my mind not satisfactory.
Mr.^ CRAGIN. I rise to make alittle state-
ment in relation to this matter. The Senator
from Indiana says that he is unwilling that'this
large amount should be under the control of
the Secretary of the Senate. I can inform him
that it is not under the control of the Secretarv
m any shape or manner whatever. There are
some m atters of interest in this bill in regard to
which, if Senators will give me their attention
we may come to an understanding. Beinc on
the Committee to Audit and Control the Con
tangent Expenses of the Senate, and chairman
of the committee, my attention has been 6spe
ciallv called and directed to the subjects-matter
of this toll, and especially to these items of
