4346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 481) to
confirm the title to certain lands in the State
of Nebraska. The amendment was to add to
the bill the following proviso :
Provided, That thefollowing tracts of land, to wit:
the north half of the northwest quarter of section
fifteen, the west half of the southwest quarter of sec-
tion ten, the eu^thaif of the southwest quarter and
the northwest quarter of the southeast quarter of
section nine, township fifteen north of range thirteen
east of the sixth principal meridian, are hereby ex-
cepted froui tho operation of this act.
Mr. THAYEli. I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a petition of officers
of the Army, asking increased compensation ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of
Martha A. Soramerville, praying to be allowed
a pension ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, praying that pensions be granted
to the surviving soldiers and sailors of the war
of 1812, and to the widows of such as have
died ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
East Tennessee, praying legislation in favor of
those interested 111 the exportation of distilled
spirits ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
reports 01? committees.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on the
Library, to whom was referred the petition of
Emilie Rossmassler, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was recommitted the motion
submitted by Mr. Davis on the 1st instant, to
print the report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating information relative to the purchase
and sale of vessels by the War Department
during the war of the rebellion, reported in
favor of the motion ; and it was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (II. R. No. 1118) to confirm to J. M.
Hutchings and J. C. Lamon, their preemption
claims in the Yosemite valley, in the State of
California, have instructed mo to make an
adverse report, and to move the indefinite
postponement of the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Let it be voted on imme-
diately.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If there be no objection
I ask to have the bill considered at this time,
though perhaps some persons may desire to
read the report bcfoie action is taken upon it.
Mr. COLE. I think there is no necessity
for action now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well; I will call it
up before the session adjourns. I move that
the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYfJEN, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of W. A. Griffin, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 643) for the
relief of W. A. Griffin. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
coast defense.
Mr. HOWARD, from the joint Committee
on Ordnance, reported a joint resolution (S.
R. No. 171) in relation to coast defense; which
was read twice.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that the joint reso-
lution be acted on now.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the General of the Army
and the Admiral of the Navy to inquire into
tho utility and practicability of the Ryan-
Hitchcock mode of marine lortification, and
to report to Congress at the next session.
Mr. CONNBSS. There is only one objec-
tion that I see to the form of the resolution,
that the Admiral is absent and likely to remain
absent for some time. If the Senator would
amend it so as to say " or, in the absence of
the Admiral, the vice admiral," it would be
practicable.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
REWARD roil JEFFERSON DA VIS'S CAPTORS.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1277)
to provide for the distribution of the reward
offered by the President of the United States
for the capture of Jefferson Davis, have di-
rected me to report the bill back with amend-
ments, and recommend its passage. It_ inter-
ests a good many who were soldiers in the
Army, and I believe there will be no sort of
objection in the Senate to its passage. As it
has to go back to tho House of Representa-
tives for concurrence in our amendments, I
should be glad if the Senate would consider it
at the present time.
By unanimous consent, tho bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I suppose by unanimous con-
sent the reading of the long list of names
which the bill contains may be dispensed with.
["Certainly."]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the names may be dispensed with if
there be no objection. The Chair hears no
objection. The amendments reported by the
Committee on Claims will bo read.
The first amendment was to strike out in
lines six, seven, and eight, of section one, the
words "To James H. Wilson, of the State of
Illinois, late major general of volunteers,
$3,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten to
strikeout "three" and insert "four," so as
to allow $4,000 to B. D. Pritchard, late lieu-
tenant colonel of the fourth Michigan cavalry.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amen9ment was in line twelve to
strike out "three" and insert "four," so as to
allow $4,000 to H. Harnden, late lieutenant
colonel of the first Wisconsin cavalry.
The ameudment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fourteen to
strike out "three" and insert "four," so as to
allow $4,000 to Joseph A. O. Yeoman, late
captain of the first Ohio cavalry.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to make only
one remark. Jt cost lis more to catch that
great criminal than we took for bail after we
got him.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the time, and passed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask to be
excused from further service upon the Com-
mittee on Claims, being already on three com-
mittees. The request was granted.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to say that I would not
have consented to part with the Senator from
Vermont from the Committee on Claims if I
could have helped myself, but I found I could
not, and so I did not make any opposition.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. WILSON. I move thatleaveof absence
be granted to Mr. Robertson, of South Caro-
lina, for the remainder of the present session.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
639) providing for a more efficient provisional
government for Mississippi; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 640) to provide for the payment of sub-
sistence furnished for the Navajo Indians;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
041) in addition to the several acts providing
for suppressing insurrections against the gov-
ernments of States ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Lusx's CASS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the Senate the facts relative to
tho trial of Albert M. D. C. Lusx by a military com-
mission at New Orleans, for the murder of a colored
boy, together with a copy ol the record in the case.
DUPLICATE BONDS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following resolution for consideration :
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury, upon satislactory
proof of the destruction of any of the bonds of the
United States in the hands ot bona fide holders, to
issue to such holders a new bond or bonds of like
kind and denomination.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses to the bill (H. li. No.
1073) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1869.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; and they were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore of the Senate :
A bill (II. R. No. 451; providing for the sale
of the arsenal grounds at St. Louis and Lib-
erty, Missouri, and for other purposes ; and
A bill (H. II. No. 1376) for the relief of the
loyal Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians.
pension bills.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am instructed by
the Committee on Pensions to ask the Senate
to set aside two or three hours for the considera-
tion of bills from that committee. I hope tho
Senate will grant me part of this evening, or
to-morrow evening if this evening is engaged
Otherwise, for the purpose of considering pen-
sion bills. It is somewhat important for that
committee to get its business out of the way.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object to the consider-
ation of that matter at this time. I desire to
call up House bill No. 1206.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I presume
the motion is in order.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. We have more than a
hundred pension bills to dispose of. and I can-
not scramble for the floor to get up each one.
The PliESIDENTpro tempore. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia moves that at five
o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess till
half past seven for the purpose of considering
pension bills at the evening session.
The motion was agreed to.
AMERICAN STEAMSHIP LINE TO ECROPE.
_Mr. POMEROY. I move to take up the
bill (H. R. No. 939) to provide for an Amer-
ican line of mail and emigrant passenger steam-
ships between New York and one or more
European ports.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall not pro-
