1-868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
miscellaneous expenses. Every Senator will
at once see that this is a very general term. It
includes a multitude of items. Among them,
as stated by the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, are items of funeral expenses.
Perhaps there has been no call during this ses-
sion for any expenditure on this account; but
Senators will remember that Senator lliddle
died in April last, and, although there was no
funeral here, there were expenses attending his
burial. Then the expenses of investigating
committees are paid out of it. There was the
investigation by the Judiciary Committee in the
case of Mr. Tliomas, Senator-elect from Mary-
laud. All the expenses of witnesses, and the
other expenses of investigating committees
come out of this item. Then there are the
expenses for carpenters' work and repairs to
tins end of the building, painting, &c., which
generally take place in the vacation. The
carpenters' work, I may say, is considerable
every month. There are boxes and various
things ; the mending of furniture, &c. Then
some of the messengers and clerks in the
Secretary's office are paid out of this fund.
Then we have various miscellaneous items,
such as we have all seen mentioned in the
newspapers, such as soap, brushes, towels, &c.
They are all paid for out of this fund. The
towels and soap are used in the committee-
rooms and in the cloak-rooms. Then there are
brooms, tubs, pails, and an infinite variety of
articles used around the Senate Chamber, that
are bought and paid for out of this appropria-
tion. There are also some things furnished
in the committee-rooms, as books, which come
out of this item. Frequently, asatpresent, this
appropriation is needed to pay for furniture and
repairs ; for instance, the fitting up of the Com-
mittee-room on Appropriations was an extra
expense during this fiscal year; or at least it
must be paid for out of this item. Then there
are the carpets for the reception-room, the ear-
pets in this Hall, in the marble-room, and in
several of the committee-rooms, which have
been put down during the year, to be paid for
out of this fund. The item for furniture and
repairs appropriated at, the last session of Con-
gress was not sufficient, and these bills must
be paid out of this item.
During the last fiscal year, ending June 30,
1867, there was appropriated, in the first place,
$30,000 for this item, and then a deficiency
afterward of $30,000 more, making $00,000.
There has been appropriated already for this
fiscal year $30,000 for this item ; and when we
take into consideration that we had a session
in J-uly and another in November, and that
this is now the long session, I think Senators
will readily see why we need $20,000 more for
this fiscal year than was used during the last
fiscal year. I know from an examination of
the books and of the items of expense that
have been paid and are to be paid that this
amount is necessary to carry us through this
present fiscal year up to the 30th of June next.
Mr. DIXON. It appears from the statement
of the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Contingent Expenses that this is really an
addition to the appropriation for contingent
expenses. It is an increase of so much,
$50,000, to the fund for contingent expenses
of this body, as I understand.
Mr. CRAGIN. One item of the contingent
expenses.
Mr. DIXON. Everything the Senator has
stated which is to come out of this appropria-
tion has always been paid for from the contin-
gent fund of the Senate. I also had the lionor
of being chairman of that committee for several
years, and I know we never, under any cir-
cumstances, had an appropriation in the whole
of $50,000 a year. There were some cases in
which it was necessary to make an appropria-
tion for deficiencies in the contingent expenses
of the Senate, but never amounting, according
to my recollection, to one fifth of this appro-
priation. Now, I do not say that this is not
necessary. I do not say that the Senate ought
not to adopt the amendment; but I wish to
call the attention of the Senate to the fact that
the contingent expenses of the Senate are being
increased by the addition of the amount of
$50,000. It may be all right, but we ought to
adopt it with our eyes open.
Mr. CRAGIN. I stated that a year ago a
deficiency of $30,000 was voted for this very
item. Last winter, just after the short ses-
sion, $30,000 was appropriated as a deficiency,
$30,000 having been originally appropriated,
making $60,000 for the last fiscal year, in which
was included the short session of Congress.
Now we ask for ยง50,000 deficiency, whereas
there was $30,000 last year, in order that we
may pay the expenses for this long session and
the two intermediate sessions in July and No-
vember. The expenses were greatly increased,
as Senators must see, from the fact of the ad-
ditional session of this Congress during the last
summer.
Mr. DIXON. I think the honorable Sen-
ator is mistaken in regard to the increase of
expense. The regular appropriations for con-
tingent expenses were made, and a deficiency
was occasioned by the expense of furnishing
the new rooms. Large expense was incurred
in furnishing the committee-rooms, and there
was also a large item for ornamental painting
of the committee-rooms which I objected to at
the time, not thinking it ought to be charged
to the contingent fund ; but it was. As I have
stated, I do not say that this is not proper;
but one thing I do say, it is not proper that it
should be adopted in this form; it ought to be
stated to be an addition to the contingent ex-
penses of the Senate ; so much for a deficiency
for contingent expenses. Heretofore that has
always been the case. It has never been
brought in under the form of miscellaneous
expenses in this way. It does not appear
what it is for. But for the statement of the
honorable chairman it would scarcely have
been known that this was an addition to the
contingent fund of the Senate. I shall offer
no amendment, but it is for the honorable
chairman of the committee to make such a
suggestion as he may think proper by way of
amendment. I :tate merely for the informa-
tion of the Senate that this is really an addi-
tion to tho contingent expenses, and it seems
to me it ought to be so stated in the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to ask a question of
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire.
It is this: whether the expenses of many
sessions of a Congress are not more than the
expenses of a few sessions?
Mr. CRAGIN. Of course they are.
Mr. DAYIS. 1 ask the honorable Senator
if he cannot manage to have fewer sessions of
Congress, so that we can reduce the miscel-
laneous expenses?
Mr. CRAGIN. I have no objection.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The amount of this
appropriation in the bill originally as sent to
the Committee on Appropriations was $40,000.
They have divided it into two items now. It
originally stood "for the expenses of the trial
of the President and other miscellaneous ex-
penses, 550,000." They report to us now an
appropriation of $10,000 lor the trial and
$50,000 for other miscellaneous' objects. _ I
have not heard the reason given for this in-
crease, and until better advised I am not pre-
pared to agree to it. I wish to move to make
the amount what it was before and I propose
to reduce this item to $40,000, unless some
reason be given for changing it. I move to
amend the amendment of the committee by
striking off "fifty" and inserting " forty."
Mr. IIENDlllCKS. The explanation made
by the chairman of the Committee on Contin-
gent Expenses will hardly do for a full under-
standing of this subject. The expenses of the
funeral of our deceased friend from Delaware
could not have been very large, not nearly as
large as the expenses attending most funerals.
Mr. CRAGIN. More than one fiftieth part
of this appropriation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I said that in my opinion
the funeral expenses could not amount to one
fifth of this $50,000, which would be $10,000 ;
and now, inasmuch as the Senator has been
able to refer to but one case, I do not suppose
those expenses exceeded $500.
Mr. CRAGIN. More than that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ At any rate we have
no evidence on the subject. The Secretary of
the Senate has furnished us with no report,
and I ask tho Senator whether that officer has
made a detailed statement of these items to the
committee?
Mr. CRAGIN. I will state that there is a
large number of unpaid bills. The Secretary
of the Senate has not paid the bills, and they
now remain unpaid, there being no money to
pay them. The fitting up of the Senate Cham-
ber last fall was an occurrence that does not
happen more than once in three or four years.
Then there was the fitting up of the room of
the Committee on Appropriations. The Naval
Committee room was completed, and so was
the Military Committee room, the Library, the
reception-room, the marble-room, and the cor-
ridors. All these expenses were incurred last
fall. Bills to a small extent have been paid,
but quite large amounts remain unpaid. That
is one item, and, perhaps, the principal item in
this account of miscellaneous items.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was going to speak
of that. The Senator spoke of painting and
carpenter work. I suppose that is in this
building. I have not seen where it is going
on, and I do not know anything about it; but I
will call the Senator's attention to the twenty-
third line of the bill, where there is an appro-
priation of $5,000 for "deficiency in the
appropriation for furniture and repairs," cov-
ering this very subject he spoke of.
Mr. DIXON. Is there not also an appro-
priation for stationery?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No ; that is stricken
out, apparently. Then the deficiency in regard
to furniture and repairs being provided for, we
have an appropriation of $50,000 for miscel-
laneous items, and the only suggestion of any-
thing to come out of this fund is the expense
attending the burial of one Senator.
Mr. CRAGIN. Will the Senator allow mo
to make a suggestion?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. CRAGIN. Some two or three weeks
ago a resolution passed the Senate to pay the
representatives of the late Noah Smith, prin-
cipal legislative clerk of the Senate, $300 for
funeral expenses and three months' pay, to
come out of the contingent fund of the Seuate.
There is a bill that will amount to about one
thousand dollars that must come out of this
item, if we make the appropriation; for if we
do not make it it cannot be paid. If the Sen-
ator, at any time within a week, will take the
trouble to walk with me for three or four hours
about this Capitol and about the different rooms
down below and up above, I will show him
better than 1 can tell him now where this
money goes. It is in small items frequently.
The Senator from Kentucky asked me if many
sessions of Congress are not more expensive
than few. During the July session the miscel-
laneous expenses were considerable. Among
other things, large quantities of ice were used
in hydrating and cooling the Chamber, bo-
sides a little iced lemonade ; and I may say to
the Senate, as all know, that there was noth-
ing stronger. If gentlemen will go about this
end of the Capitol they will find much prop-
erty of various kinds belonging to the United
States that is paid for out of this item. For
instance, painting to the amount of $2,000
was done during the vacation last fall; below
here mainly, but partly in this Chamber, touch-
ing up the gilding where it had been rubbed
oil' by chairs leaning back, and so on. Most
of the matters under this item are not under
the direction of the Secretary of the Senate,
for he has nothing whatever to do with them.
Mr. DIXON. Under whom do they come? '
Mr. CRAGIN. Most of the expenditures
under this item are under the direction of the
Seigeam-at-Arms of the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well, Mr. President,
I will go on with what I was about to say.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
