2800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
Indiana will allow me, I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire a question. I wish
to know whether the expenses before the com-
mittees for reporting, for witnesses, &cM do
not come out of this fund?
Mr. CRAGIN. Certainly, they do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We had one of the re-
porters of the Senate before the Judiciary Com-
mittee at one time taking testimony in a case
involving a right to a seat, I think Mr. Thomas's
case ; and I certified to the bill, but the reporter
told me he had not been able to get his pay.
Mr. CRAGIN. There was no money to
pay it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. How much was it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That bill was not much
—less than one hundred dollars, I think. The
Senator from Indiana remembers that case
where we had one of the reporters taking tes-
timony and a number of witnesses before us,
some from Maryland and some from New York.
I do not remember what the precise amount
was; but I recollect that when the bills were
brought to me I certified them as chairman of
the committee, and I learned afterward that
there was no fund out of which the reporter
could be paid. I suppose it is included in
some of these appropriations.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from New
Hampshire suggested that I should take a walk
some pleasant day to different parts of the
Capitol. I know I should enjoy it very much,
and I am sure he could explain matters with
entire satisfaction, inasmuch as the rules have
abolished liquor from the institution. [Laugh-
ter.] I could take a very pleasant walk and
examine the rooms; but inasmuch as I am not
a good judge of carpenters' work and paint-
ing, I would rather the Secretary of the Senate
had informed us exactly how much money he
had and what exactly he had done with it, and
why it is that $50,000 more is necessary. That
would be more satisfactory, and I should know
a great deal better just what money was spent,
what it was spent upon, if we had an exact
statement, ana we could then know why this
deficiency is to be provided for and where it is
to go.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I should
be very glad to have an opportunity of saying
a few. words about these expenses. The coun-
try is full of the impression that there is a'de-
falcation somewhere in the accounts of the Sen-
ate ; and there is a question of veracity, I am
told, between the Secretary of the Senate and
his confidential clerk, amounting to some forty
or fifty thousand dollars. I think this is a ques-
tion about which we ought to have some time to
reflect. For myself particularly I should like
to know exactly how all the money of this Seh-
ate is expended. I think the most important
situation belonging to the Senate is the chair-
manship of the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate. I
have great confidence in my friend from New
Hampshire, [Mr. caagiy.] I have no doubt
he will do what is right in the matter; but,
having been a man of business, and having
dealt in figures during a long life, I should lik 
to know what money has been expended, and
how it has been expended.
I should like to see every dollar and every
cent put down with a receipt or a voucher for
everything that has been done. 1 have heard
that there are some difficulties, some differ-
ences of opinion between the Sergeant-at-Arms
and the Secretary of the Senate. I do not want
to get into the difficulty between them, but I
want to know how each of those officers has
performed his duty ; and especially do I want
to know why a confidential clerk and relative
of the Secretary of the Senate has been dis-
missed, he complaining that injustice has been
done him, as I understand, and that the money
was properly expended by him ; but yet there
is a balance against the funds. I want to know
where the wrong is. I have no charge to make
against anybody. The general impression of
my mind always is that everybody is honest,
but-here we are the mere agents of others. I
-think that a great difficulty in this Government
is the contingent expenses of Congress; and
we here in the Senate, above all others, should
see to it that our accounts are properly squared.
There is no system in the world so correct as
that of book-keeping by double entry, and by
it an intelligent man can see at once whether a
rogue or an honest man has been expending
money. I should like to see this account bal-
anced for the last eight or ten years. I will
give way to my friend from New Hampshire.
Mr. CRAGIN. The honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania has suggested one or two in-
quiries, from which, unless some reply is made,
an impression might go out liore that would be
injurious. Now, I wish to say, in the outset,
that the Secretary of the Senate has no power
to contract debts for the Senate, so far as I
have been able to ascertain from any law. The
Secretary of the Senate gives bonds as the dis-
bursing agent of the Senate, and pays out the
money on presentation of bills properly certi-
fied by the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses, or under laws making
appropriations. For instance, there are cer-
tain bills that are paid without coming before
the Committee on Contingent Expenses at all.
The law provides for paying the salaries of our
officers, clerks, and others about the Senate,
and of course their monthly bills are made
out and paid without a reference to the com-
mittee ; but the Secretary of the Senate, as I
said before, so far as I know, has no power to
run the Senate in debt or to defraud it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CRAGIN. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask him whether
there is not something wrong in regard to the
funds of the Senate to the extent of about
forty thousand dollars, and whether the old
gentleman who was the pay clerk of the Sen-
ate, Mr. Wagner, was not dismissed last fall,
and whether the Senator has made any inquiry
into that business ?
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I will state
the facts of the case. It was ascertained some
time during the last fall that the money sup-
posed to be in the hands of the Secretary of
the Senate, or subject to his order, was some-
where deficient.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I wish to ask the
Senator a question right there.
Several Senators. Let him finish his state-
ment.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. Wagner was called upon
to account for that deficiency, and in the ex-
amination—he never said it to me, but I have
full faith to believe it—he acknowledged to
Colonel Forney and others that he—I do not
know that I ought to state it.
Mr. WILSON and others. Say it now.
Mr. CRAGIN. That he had taken money
from the safe or drawn it from the Treasury
to the amount of $40,000, and appropriated it
and used it as his own.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him for a moment at that point?
Several Senators. No, no; let him go on
and finish the statement.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will finish my statement
first. Mr. Wagner acknowledged this defalca-
tion on his part, and at once turned over all the
property he held, as I understand, to Colonel
Forney to secure him. Colonel Forney raised
the money to the amount that Mr. Wagner
stated he had taken from him, and went up to
the Treasury Department and there deposited
it, so that the Government should not be the
loser of one dollar on his account. These are
the facts, as I understand them, in relation to
that matter.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senator from
New Hampshire whether he saw that money ;
whether he had any evidence of the deposit
by Colonel Forney of $40,000 to make up that
deficiency?
Mr. CRAGIN. I have seen a certificate
from the Comptroller, Mr. Taylor, I think,
certifying to that fact. As to the exactamount
I do not remember.
Mr. CAM ERON. Now, I desire to state that
this Mr. Wagner is a relation of Mr. Forney,
the Secretary of the Senate. lie held the very
responsible situation of cashier of the York
bank, one of the best conducted banks in Penn-
sylvania, and was there for more than thirty
years, living a life of frugality, and saving out
of his salary a small sum. He was invited to
come here, and with his knowledge of accounts
and his high character, to take charge of the
accounts of the Secretary of the Senate. He
came here, as I understand, living frugally,
spending no money, having no bad habits, and
buying nothing but a house, for which I think
he paid some six or seven thousand dollars. He
has a family who do their own labor, keeping no
servants, as the German people of Pennsyl-
vania are in the habit of living. He was do-
voting his whole time to this place. He leaves
here suddenly with a deficiency in his accounts,
as it is stated, of $40,000. Since he has left,
I am told, he says it is not true; that there is
no deficiency chargeable to him. Now, as a
citizen of my State, a good old man, as every-
body in Pennsylvania who knows him—and
there are many who do know him—says he is,
I am not willing that he shall be disgraced,
and that his children and grandchildren shall
be disgraced without a proper examination.
I want no appropriation made here until the
Senate see the whole of these accounts. Let
us see how these accounts have been kept in
the last six years ; who has spent the money ;
who has drawn money improperly; and who
has used money which he had no right to use.
It may be that this gentleman is not guilty.
It is possible, and barely possible, _ that he
cannot be guilty of an offense so heinous as
this would be of using money intrusted to his
charge.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, will my
friend allow me to explain this "bill, and see
whether we cannot obviate the difficulty and
make this appropriation and attend afterward
to the question which impresses itself upon his
mind ?
Mr. CAMERON. I will listen to the Sen-
ator.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In the first place,
I want to say that whatever has transpired in
the way supposed by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania has no possible connection with this
bill, not the slightest in the world. There have
been irregularities in the keeping of the ac-
counts ; I have seen them myself; but I am
not aware that the interests of the Senate of
the United States are at all involved in it. It
is a matter between the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and his confidential clerk ; and if the Sen-
ate feel an interest to investigate that matter
they can instruct the Committee on Contingent
Expenses to do so.
This bill came from the Committee on Con-
tingent Expenses, with its passage recom-
mended by that committee. It was then re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Finding it my duty to examine it, I took the
bill and went to the cashier to examine the
heads appropriated for here to ascertain the
general fact whether a deficiency to these sev-
eral amounts existed. That was my first in-
quiry. Now, I will take them up in detail and
explain them, and see whether the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron-] -will not agree
that this is not the time to examine that sub-
ject, or, in other words, that this bill need not
be postponed until that subject is examined.
The first item in this bill is an appropriation
for the expenses of the impeachment trial.
None of us, I take it, think we can afford to
postpone that. Witnesses have been called
from a distance. Not a dollar has been paid
to any witness. Some of them have gone away
leaving their pay behind. It is hardly credit-
able, I think, to the Senate of the United
States that that state of things should exist.
Mr. CRAGIN. If the Senator from Maine
will allow me I will correct him in that par-
ticular. At the time this bill was introduced
there was no money to pay witnesses, but the
question arose whether these witnesses should
be allowed to go away without their pay, those
