1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ers, that must be confirmed. Many of them
will be rejected, and will have to go back to the
President so that others may be appointed in
their places. I think we ought to dispose of
thnip mfitfpvq
Mr. CONNESS. I call the Senator to order.
Discussion is not in order.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The motion to go into execu-
tive session is not debatable under the rules.
Mr. CORBETT. We ought to have an
executive session for an hour or so.
Mr. CONNESS. On that motion I ask for
the }reas and nays 5 and I ask the Senate not
to adopt it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 25 ; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Davis, tferry, Hendricks,
McCreery, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rosp, Sprague, Sum-
ner. Tipton, Vickers, and Welch—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Conkling, Conness, Cragin, Drake,
Eessendcn, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Harris, Howard,
Howe, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson of Tennes-
see. lliee, Stewart. Thayer, Van Winkle, Wade, Wil-
ley, Williams, and Yates—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Cattell, Dixon,
Poohttle, Edmunds, Fowler, Grimes, Henderson,
Kellogg, Norton, Osborn, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Pool, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman,
Trumbull, Whyte, and Wilson—21.
So the motion was not agreed to.
JUG UTS OF CITIZENS ABROAD.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday is the bill (H. R.
No. 768) concerning the rights of American
citizens in foreign States. The pending ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buckalew.]
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the reading of
the two amendments and of the third section
of the bill as it stands. As I understand it at
this time the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. "Williams] was adopted in lieu
of the third section, and now the question is on
substituting the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania for that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section,
as amended, will be read, and also the amend-
ment proposed.
The Chief Clerk. The first amendment
proposed is to strike out the third section of
the bill, as amended, which is as follows:
And be it further enacted. That whenever it shall be
made known to the President that any citizen of the
United States has been unjustly deprived of his lib-
erty by or under the authority of any foreign Gov-
ernment, it shall be the duty of the President forth-
with to demand of that Government the reasons lor
such imprisonment, and if it appears to be wrongful
and in violation of the  ights of American citizen-
ship, the President shall forthwith demand therelease
of such citizen; and if the release so demanded is
unreasonably delayed or refused,itshall be the duty
of the President to use such means, not amounting
to acts of war, as he may think necessary and proper
to obtain or effectuate such release; and all the facts
and proceedings relative thereto shall, as soon as
practicable, be communicated by the President to
Congress.
It is also proposed to add to the second sec-
tion of the bill 
Mr. BUCKALEW. My amendment is to
strike out the whole of that, and then to add
what the Clerk will read to the second section.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose that amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania is not
in order until after the vote is taken 011 strik-
ing out the third section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The words
can, however, be read for information. The
first question is on striking out the third sec-
tion, and then it will be in order to amend the
second section in the manner proposed by the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I desire to have
that amendment read for information.
The Chief Clerk. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania proposes to insert at the end of the
second section:
And it shall be the duty of the President to exert
;ill hi.- jnuveis under the Constitution andlaws ot the
United States, lor the protection and relief ol' citizens
of the United States abroad, and to report promutly
to Congress, from, time to time, all cases where jus-
tice or relief shall be refused to such citizens by the
Government of any foreign country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, to strikeout the third section of
the bill.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. BUCKALEW. At the request of cer-
tain gentlemen who desire to vote for this
amendment of mine, I will change the form of
my motion. I move to strike out all of the
third section as it now stands after the word
'1 that,'' and insert in lieu of the words stricken
out:
It shall be the duty of the President to exert all his
powers under the Constitution and laws for the pro-
tection and relief of citizens of the United States
abroad, and to report promptly to Congress from
time to time all cases where justice or relief shall be
refused to such citizens by the Government of any
foreign country.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand the motion
to be to strike out the third section entirely
and substitute the words which have just been
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatis the
question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 21; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cattell, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Davis, Doolittle, Drake, Ferry, Fessen-
den, Frelinghuysen, Harris, Hendricks, McCreery,
McDonald. Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy,
Robertson, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers,
Welch, and Willey—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron,Chandler, Cole, Conness,
Cragin, Harlan, Howard, liowc, Morgan, Nye. Pat-
tersonof Tennessee, Itamsey^Rice, Sherman, Spraguo,
Stewart, Thayer. Tipton,G^Villiams, Wilson, and
Yates—21.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Abbott, Bayard. Dixon, Ed-
munds, Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Kellogg, Nor-
ton, Osborn, Pool, Itoss, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Wade,
and Whyto—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that section as
amended be now read, that we may see how it
stands.
The Chief Clerk read the section, as amend-
ed, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That itshall be the
duty of the President to exert all his powers under
the Constitution and laws for the protection and re-
lief of citizens of the United States abroad, and to
report promptly to Congress, from tune to time, all
cases where justice or relief shall be refused to such
eitizens by the Government of any foreign country.
Mr. HOWARD. Is that all there is of it?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir ; there is all there
is of it. The Senate has voted to strike out
what little vitality there was in the bill. Mr.
President, I wish to say a few words in regard
to this bill. I have no further interest in what
shall be done with it. The insertion of the
clause proposed, I regard and say and declare
to be an insult to every naturalized citizen in
the United States ; it is cruel to those who are
in prison ; and in my opinion it will be met as
it ought to be met—by the opposition of men
who feel deeply and have a right to feel deeply
upon this question.
Mr, HOWARD. Mr. President I am not
satisfied with the clause as it stands now; and
1 move this amendment be added to it:
And whenever any citizen shall bo or shall have
been unlawfully arrested or unlawfully detained by
any foreign Government, it shall be the duty of tbe
President on receiving information thereof to de-
mand the release and liberation of such citizen; and
in case of the refusal or unreasonable delay of such
foreign Government to release such citizen, it shall
be the duty of the President of the United states to
communicate the facts ot the case to Congress at the
earliest practicable moment, with such reeommen-
ations as he may think lit; and he may in the meand-
time withdraw the representative of the United
States irom such foreign Government, and shall re-
fuse to hold further diplomatic correspondence with
any such representative of foreign Governmcntuntil
justice shall bo done in the matter by such foreign
Government.
I am not perfectly satisfied to leave this
matter in such an indefinite form as this sec-
tion now stands. Cases may occur where it
would be becoming the dignity of the Govern-
ment of out country to make a peremptory
demand upon a foreign Govtrnment by which
the liberty of our citizens abroad, whether
native or naturalized, may be restrained. Such
things are of frequent occurrence in the inter-
course of nations, and I would authorize the
President in such a case, where he finds- it
necessary, to make a demand for the liberation
of an American citizen, and where such de-
mand is refused to discontinue diplomatic inter-
course with that Government until the latter
should do justice in the premises; and if the
United States find it necessary to make a
demand of that description, it is certainly
becoming us, as a Government and -as a peo-
ple, to make that demand good in some form.
I would not, on such an occasion, go to war
immediately. I would take the preliminary
steps, however, to show such offending Gov-
ernment that we are in earnest and that our
demand is not to pass unheeded.
Our Government will never, I fancy, make
any unreasonable or rash or precipitate de-
mand of this kind; but should an occasion
arise when the dignity of the nation requires
it, I am in favor of making the demand good,
and teaching the offending foreign Govern-
ment that it must act according to the laws of
nations, and respect our wishes. I care not
what the Government may be, whether it be
that of Great Britain or France or North Ger-
many or any other Government under heaven.
The rights of American citizens abroad should
be respected ; and it is the highest office of
every Governmentto seetoit thatits citizensor
subjects receive due protection against oppres-
sion on the part of other nations. I hope,
therefore, that this amendment of mine will be
adopted.
Mr. STEWART. I hope so, too. The
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
as adopted, amounts simply to this: that the
President may negotiate and he may report to
Congress. He has power to do that now. It
does not declare any specific remedy. The
President in his last annual message suggested
to Congress to extend to him some power.
We claim that he is controlled by legislation,
lie has asked for some power to act in the
premises, he not conceiving himself as having
under the laws as they are any ability to do
anything. This section now certainly does not
confer on him any specific authority to take
any action. I wish to call attention of the
Senate to that point.
It is often said that it is a cause of war for
us to arrest a British subject. Sir, we should
be at war all the while if we had spirit enough
to resist such acts on the part of Great Britain.
They have our citizens incarcerated. If it
would be a cause of war on their part for us
to arrest their subjects is not their arrest and
detention of our citizens a sufficient provoca-
tion for us to empower the President to sus-
pend diplomatic relations ? He can simply
investigate, correspond, and report to Con-
gress ; that is all there is of it. I hope the
Senate will adopt the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Michigan and not abandon the whole
thing. It seems to me it is a shame to abandon
our citizens abroad.
Mr. SPHAGUE. Mr. President, I desire
to occupy the attention of the Senate for a few
minutes upon this measure, to state the rea-
sons for the vote I shall give, because that vote
is contrary to the one which I was disposed to
give when the bill was first suggested to the
Senate.
The Senator from Massachusetts, who opened
this debate, [Mr. Scmxeu,] quotes the law of
nations and cites his great learning as to those
laws for argument against the bill as it came
from the House of Representatives. Every-
body knows the bill is nothing without the
House provision. The Senator abandons the
j doctrine of retaliation, and counsels as much
: of the country, in the very face of the fact that
; during the civil war we placed in close con-
1 finementrebel officers to restrain reenslavemetit
: and ill treatment of our colored soldiers in the
hands of the rebels. • Did the Senator protest
! then? 1 did not hear it. He also abandons
! the doctrine of reprisals in face ot the fact that
this is a people whoso policy in peace is to dis-
band armies and layup navies. We thus are in
i no condition to aggress on the rights ot others,
I and by abandoning reprisals we &re defense-
