1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2801
who were not going to return, and I suggested
to the Secretary that he should in some way
procure the money to pay thorn as the bills
were presented, and I think he has done so in
some cases.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am sorry that
the Sergeant-at-Arms or the Secretary of the
Senate or anybody else should feel at liberty
to go on the streets and borrow money in the
name of the Senate of the United States. I do
not believe we ought to be put in the attitude
of doing any such thing. If there is a trial
here on foot, the Senate, 1 insist upon it, should
provide the expenses. What these expenses
will be cannot be known, but the committee,
on the best information we had, calling before
us the officers connected with it, concluded
that $10,000 would perhaps cover the expenses
of this trial.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not desire the
Senator to represent me, if it can be done by
inference from his remarks, as opposing the
appropriation of $10,000 for the expenses of
the trial. My opinion is we shall have to ap-
propriate much more than that. Whatever the
expenses of the trial are must be paid, and paid
cheerfully.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I had not the
slightest reference to the honorable Senator; I
had not him in my mind; I did not understand
him to rise for that inquiry. Now, let us take
the next appropriation:
For miscellaneous items, $50,000.
I tried to see, in a general way, how that
arose. There is a deficiency—there is no mis-
take about that—on the books. I have seen
it and seen the items.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow me
to put a question to him in regard to that ?
How does that deficiency occur? Is it in un-
.paid bills, or by the officers paying more than
was appropriated?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There are about
twenty thousand dollars of unpaid bills; but
they paid more 
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to ask 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me finish my ques-
tion. Have the officers paid more than the
amounts they have to their credit and which are
appropriated ?
Mr. CONKLING. They have transferred
• funds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If Senators will
allow me to explain in a general way, there will
be less necessity for asking particular ques-
tions ; but I will hear the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. I was going to say this :
I am perfectly willing that the expenses of this
trial should be paid; but I am not willing at
this moment to appropriate $50,000 or any
other number of thousands to the settlement
of the accounts of the Secretary, for this
reason: the Secretary is an officer of the Sen-
ate who gives security for a certain sum of
money which goes into his hands, and I am
not willing to appropriate any more money to
put into his disbursement until we see what he
did with that which he had.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This bill has
not the slightest possible reference to anything
he may have done, and it can in no possibility
affect anything he has done. If anybody is
curious to know what the Secretary of the Sen-
ate does with the money it is not his fault that
they are not informed. There is a book which
gives you the items. [Holding up one of the
annual reports of the Secretary on the dis-
bursements of the contingent fund.] My hon-
orable friend from Indiana complains that the
Senate is misinformed—does not know what
becomes of the money. There is a book pub-
lished last year, sent to you. here at the com-
mencement of the last Congress, and there is
one which only awaits publication now, in which
every item of expenditure is set down.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
if this book that is in his hand gives the items
contained in this appropriation of $50,000 ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; not in this
book; bat I say the Senator is complaining that
we get no accounts from the Secretary of the
Senate, while the Secretary of the Senate pub-
lishes, as it is his duty to publish, at the begin-
ning of every Congress, the items of expendi-
ture of the contingent funds of the Senate, and
here they are. How creditable it would be to
the Senate to have them read is another question.
Mr. HOWE. That is the report for the
year before?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I say it is for
the year before. I am only speaking of the
general fact that if Senators are not informed
on this subject it is not the fault of the Secre-
tary of the Senate. I want to say another
thing: that if anybody is at fault for the neces-
sity of this deficiency bill it is not the officers
of the Senate; it is the Senate itself.
Mr. CAMERON. It is time to correct it,
then.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is time, I
admit, to correct it; but it is hardly worth
while for us to stand up here and make reflec-
tions in all directions. I do not allude to the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cameron,] for I can understand that case; but
I am more particularly addressing myself to
my honorable friend from Indiana, [Mr. Hend-
ricks,] who says that he does not know why
this deficiency occurs. He might know if he
would read this book which is published here;
and if he would take notice of what transpires
in the Senate he might know why it is. Why,
sir, at the last session, in July, we had some
seventeen additional messengers provided un-
der a resolution of the Senate directing the
Sergeant-at-Arms to put on an additional force
to keep order; and what did we do? The last
hour of that session we passed.a resolution
retaining all these messengers and all the pages
and all the clerks during the recess of the Sen-
ate ; and they were all on pay; and of course
we all voted for it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Oh, no.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There was no
division, I think, on that subject.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I voted against it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Pennsylvania voted against it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I voted against it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It went through.
That is all I have said about it; and it became
the privilege of these people to receive their
pay ; and now we are called upon to make an
appropriation for a deficiency.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That is not covered by
this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, it is cov-
ered by this very bill, and the action of the
Senate rendered it necessary; and yet Sena-
tors get up here and complain and are utterly
amazed that we should have this appropriation
bill, when it grows out of our own action.
Now, sir, let me go back for a moment to this
appropriation of $50,000. There are about
twenty thousand dollars of bills audited by the
Committee on Contingent Expenses unpaid. I
have not examined that matter. I take that from
the statement of the chairman of the Committee
on Contingent Expenses, and also from the Sec-
retary. They are unpaid. They are for furni-
ture in part, for labor in part, and for a great
variety of items, just such expenses as would
naturally be incurred in such an establishment
aB this. Now, I say I went far enough with
the cashier to satisfy myself that this deficiency
actually does exist, and it exists in the way I
have suggested ; and the question is, whether
the Senate will meet the deficiency and pay it,
or whether we shall have these parties, these
men who have been employed by our officers,
calling upon us time after time for their bills,
and be told "there is no money in the Treas-
ury for the payment of these expenses.'' That
is the precise question.
Now let me come to the next item:
For deficiency in the appropriation for till) pay-
ment of the Capitol police.
Mr. HENDRICKS. How much is that?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Seventeen thou-
sand dollars. That arises, in great part, from
tliy fact that Wti have added in contemplation
of this trial, for some time back, twenty addi-
tional policemen. That is -one of the items.
The next is:
For deficiency in the appropriation for the payment
of additional messengers, 815,000.
I have already spoken of that. Then the
next item is:
For deficiency in the appropriation for defraying
the expenses of hydration of the Senate Chamber.
My honorable friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Buckalew] can enlighten us upon that subject
if it were necessary, but that is one of the ordi-
dary expenses which have grown out of the
attempt to hydrate the Senate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That is a small item.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is a small
item, but it is one of the items.
Mr. HENDRICKS. How much is it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Three thousand
dollars. Last year, I think, there was a de-
ficiency of six or seven thousand dollars, and
now we have another item1 of deficiency. I
am only enumerating it, not to criticise it, but
simply to account for the fact. Then another
item in the bill is:
For deficiency in the appropriation for furniture
and repairs, $5,000.
That grows out of the fact that since the last
session you have fitted up, by order of the Sen-
ate, three or four committee-rooms.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from New
Hampshire told us that that was connected with
the miscellaneous appropriation of $50,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the way he
understands it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is not so,
as I understand it. The deficiency in miscel-
laneous items comes from having used that
sum for furniture heretofore. Then here is
another iterif:
For deficiency in tho appropriation for clerks of
committoes, pages, horses, and carryalls, 815,000.
All these clerks were put on tho pay list
during the entire recess of the Senate by a
vote of the Senate; and hence comes this
appropriation.
If there is any committee of this Senate who
think they can get any more information on
this subject than we have been able to obtain
I should be glad to have this bill referred to
that committee and have them ascertain the
facts in a more satisfactory form to the Senate
than we have been able to do. This commit-
tee have faithfully attended to this business.
We called the cashier before us, and we are
satisfied that these deficiencies actually do
exist, and ought to be met; and they exist in
the ways that I have suggested, chiefly from
the action of the Senate itself, chiefly by al-
lowing additional service here, and to a con-
siderable extent growing out of the fact that
we have been obliged in the last two or three
months to provide for additional force about
the Capitol.
I have not been able to see, I will say to my
honorable friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cameron,] that this bill has the slightest con-
nection in the world with what he suggests. I
do not controvert at all the propriety of his
suggestion that perhaps some committee of the
Senate ought to be charged with an examina-
tion of that particular subject; but I think my
honorable friend will agree that it does not
belong to the Committee on Appropriations
to do it. The Committee on Appropriations
having ascertained that these deficiencies do
actually exist, that they have arisen, first, in the
ordinary 'affairs of the Senate, and secondly,
out of the extraordinary exigencies to which
I have adverted, I submit, Senators, that you
have as much of information on this subject as
it is practicable to get, unless you are disposed
to send it to a particular committee for particu-
lar investigation.
Mr. CRAGIN. There is one thing that I
desire to say right here. The Senator from
Maine says that these deficiencies actually ex-
ist. He means, of course, that these appropri-
ations are to run on until the last of the fiscal
year, the 1st of July nexU
