1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
william m. wooten.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 521.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill {S.
No. 521) granting a pension to the children of
William M. Wooten, deceased, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides for placing on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and lim-
itations of the pension laws, the names of
Alfred C. Wooten, Susan M. T. Wooten, Jesse
Wooten, and Rosalia M. Wooten, children
under sixteen years of age of William M.
Wooten, deceased, late a private in the Daviess
county company of horse guards, Kentucky
militia, who, or their legally appointed guard-
ian or guardians, arc to receive a pension at
the rate of fourteen dollars per month, to com-
mence on the 11th day of August, 1864, and
to continue until they severally attain the age
of sixteen years.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
sally oiuffin.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 413) granting a pension to Mrs. Sally Grif-
fin. which has been reported adversely.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move the indefinite
postponement of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
HANNAH COOK.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to take up
next Senate bill No. 545.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 515) granting a pension to Hannah Cook
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and limit-
ations of the pension laws, the name of Han-
nah Cook, widow of Lyman N. Cook, deceased,
and to pay her a pension at the rate of $22 50
per month, to commence from the 2d day of
April, 1808.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
jank m'murray.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that we pro-
ceed to the consideration of SenatebillNo. 546.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 546) for the relief of Jane McMurray was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides for
the payment to Jane McMurray, of Carlisle,
Pennsylvania, widow of Bzekiel McMurray, a
soldier of the war of 1812, a pension at the
rate of eight dollars per month, in lieu of the
sum of four dollars per month now received
by her, to commence from the 14th day of
July, 1862.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JOHN SHEETS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 547.
The motion was agreed to ; and the'bill (S.
No. 547) granting a pension to John Sheets
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to place on
the pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
John Sheets, late a private in company P,
twelfth regiment West Virginia volunteers, and
to pay him a pension at the rate of fifteen dol-
lars per month, to commence on the 14th day
of March, 1863.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
parks j. stackhouse.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move now to take
up Senate bill No. 548.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 548) granting a pension to Amanda Stack-
house, and the children of Parks J. Stackhouse,
deceased, was read the second time and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. By its
provisions the Secretary of the Interior is
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Amanda Stackhouse, widow
of Parks J. Stackhouse, late a p'rivate in com-
pany G, second regiment Pennsylvania re-
serves volunteers, and to pay het a pension at
the rate of fifteen dollars per month for herself
during widowhood, and two dollars per month
for each child of Parks J. Stackhouse under
the age of sixteen years, to commence on the
29th day of March, 1868, and to continue until
they severally attain the age of sixteen years.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
catharine eckhardt.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 549, which is the last pension bill I shall
trouble the Senate with to-day.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 549) granting an increase of pension to
Catharine Eckhardt was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Interior
to pay to Catharine Eckhardt, widow of Henry
L. Eckhardt, late a private in company C, fifth
regiment Missouri volunteers, in addition to
the pension heretofore granted her, the further
sum of two dollars per month, for and on ac-
count of the carc, custody, and maintenance
by her of Anna M. Eckhardt, a child under
sixteen years of age of Henry L. Eckhardt by
a former wife, from the 3d day of February,
1868, while she has such care, custody, and
maintenance, until the child shall attain the
age of sixteen years.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
pacific railroad reports.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 450) rela-
tive to filing reports of railroad companies.
The amendment was to add to the bill the
following section:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in addition
to the eight subjects referred to in section twenty of
the act of July, 1862. to be reported upon.thereshall
also be furnished annually to the Secretary of the
Interior ail reports of engineers, superintendents, or
other officers who make annually reports to any of
said railroad companies.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the amend-
ment be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
representation of arkansas veto.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the bill (H. R. No. 1039) to admit
the State of Arkansas to representation in Con-
gress, which had been received from the House
of Representatives with the veto message of
the President thereon.
The Secretary read the veto message, as fol-
lows :
To the House of Representatives :
I return without my signature a bill entitled
"An act to admit the State of Arkansas to
representation in Congress.''
The approval of this bill would be an admis-
sion on the part of the Executive that the act
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States, passed March 2, 1867, and the act sup-
plementary thereto, were proper and constitu-
tional. My opinion, however, in reference to
these measures has undergone no change, but,
on the contrary, has been strengthened by the
results which have attended their execution.
Even were this not the case, I could not
consent to a bill which is based upon the
assumption either that by an act of rebellion
of a portion of its people the State of Arkansas
seceded from the Union, or that Congress may,
at its pleasure, expel or exclude a State from
the Union, or interrupt its relations with the
Government by arbitrarily depriving it of rep-
resentation in the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives. If Arkansas is a State not in the
Union, this _ bill does not admit it as a State
into the Union. If, on the other hand, Ark-
ansas is a State in the Union, no legislation
is necessary to declare it entitled "to repre-
sentation in Congress as one of the States of
the Union." The Constitution already declares
that "each State shall have at least one Rep-
resentative " that the Senate shall be com-
posed of two Senators from each State," and
"that no State without its consent shall be
deprived of its suffrage in the Senate."
That instrument also makes each House "the
judges of the elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions of its own members," and therefore all
that is now necessary to restore Arkansas in
all its constitutional relations to the Govern-
ment is the decision by each House upon the
eligibility of those who, presenting their cre-
dentials, claim seats in the lespective Houses
of Congress. This is the plain and simple plan
of the Constitution ; and believing that had it
been pursued when Congress assembled in the
month of December, 1865, the restoration of
the States would long since have been com-
pleted. I once again recommend that it be
adopted by each House in preference to legis-
lation which I respectfully submit is not only
of at least doubtful constitutionality, and there-
fore unwise and dangerous as a precedent, but
is unnecessary, not so effective in its operation
as the mode prescribed by the Constitution,
involves the additional delay, and from its terms
may be taken rather as applicable to a Terri-
tory about to be admitted as one of the United
States than to a State which has occupied a
place in the Union for upward of a quarter of
a century.
The bill declares the State of Arkansas
entitled and admitted to representation in Con-
gress as one of the States of the Union upon
the following fundamental condition :
That theconstitution of Arkansas shall never tie so
amended or changed as to deprive any citizen or
cla&s of citizens of the United States of the right to
vote who are entitled to vote by the constitution
herein recognized, except as a punishment for such
crimes as are now felonies at common law, whereof
they shall bo duly convicted under laws equally ap-
plicable to all the inhabitants of said State: Pro-
vided. That any alteration of said constitution, pros-
pective in its effect, may bo made in regard to the
time and place of residence of voters."
I have been unable to findin the Constitution
of the United States any warrant for the exer-
cise of the authority thus claimed by Congress.
In assuming the power to impose a " funda-
mental condition" upon a State which has
been duly admitted into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States in all respects
whatever, Congress asserts a right to enter a
State as it may a Territory, and to regulate the
highest prerogative of a free people—the elect-
ive franchise. This question is reserved by
the Constitution to the States themselves, and
to concede to Congress the power to reguiate
this subject would be to reverse the funda-
mental principle of the Republic, and to place
in the hands of the Federal Government (which
is the creature of the States) the sovereignty
which justly belongs to the States or the peo-
ple, to the true source of all political power by
whom our Federal system was created, and to
whose will all is subordinate.
The bill fails to provide in what manner the
State of Arkansas is to signify its acceptance
of the "fundamental condition" which Con-
gress endeavors to make unalterable and irrev-
ocable. Nor does it prescribe the penalty to
be imposed should the people of the State
amend or change the particular portions oi
the constitution which it isoneof the purposes
of the bill to perpetuate, but_ leaves them m
uncertainty and doubt as to the consequences
of such action, when the circumstances un&er
