1278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
reduce itself as rapidly as any gentleman upon
this floor would desire. The casualties of the
last year—and under the word casualties I
include resignations, deaths, dismissals, and
all the causes which take a man out of the
Army would have taken ten regiments out of
tho Army; and if you take the average dura-
tion of officers' lives it would have amounted
to ten regiments. In the old Army before the
war, where we have a good estimate of army
longevity, it was found that the average dura-
tion of a commission was not more than ten
years, so that m the course of two or three
years, under the operation of this proviso, the
Army would be reduced as far probably as any
gentleman would desire to see it reduced, and
it leaves it wholly within the control of Con-
gress to say when reappointments in the Army
shall begin. But until Congress shall say so,
this proviso means to direct that the appoint-
ment of officers shall be suspended, because
it is nothing less than a cruelty, a delusion, to
keep appointing officers in an army of sixty
regiments wlien^ every gentleman knows that
within a very brief period that army will have
to be reduced and every man you now muster
in will have to be mustered out.
Mr. PILE. I make the same point of order
on this proviso which I made on the proviso
in the bill, and I wish to say that the question
of the reduction of the Army is before the
Committee on Military Affairs.
_ Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman has no
right to debate the point of order. He can
only state it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. BLAINE. The amendment is entirely
in order. It merely limits the appropriation,
as has been done a thousand times.
Mr. PAINE. I oppose the amendment,
and I do it for the purpose of obtaining some
information from the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaise.]
The amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Maine embraces substantially these
words:
" That no new commission shall be issued in any
regiment except to those who are by law entitled to
appointment as second lieutenants by graduation at
the United States Military Academy."
Now I will read to the committee the only
provision of law that I know of in relation to
commissioning graduates from the Military
Academy. It is this :
When any cadet shall rcceive a regular degree from
the academical stall, after going through all the
classes, lie shall be considered as among the candi-
dates for commission in any corps, according to the
duties he maybe adjudged competent to perform;
and in case there shall not at the time be a vacancy
in such corps he may be attached to it at the discre-
tion of the President of tho United States, by brevet
of the lowest grade, as a supernumerary officer, with
the usual pay and emoluments of such grade, until a
vacancy shall happen.
Now, if that is the only provision of law upon
that subject—and I know of no other—then
there is no provision of law which authorizes a
graduate of West Point to receive a commis-
sion because he is such graduate. And the
provision of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaine] actually cuts off from commission
every graduate from West Point. If there is
any other provision of law upon the subject
than that to which I have referred I would be
glad to have the gentleman refer me to it.
Mr. BLAINE. I think it is quite idle to
argue that tlie law and usages of this Govern-
ment have been, and are, and will be until the
Military Academy is abolished, that all Military
Academy graduates, as well as all Naval Acad-
emy graduates, are entitled to be commissioned
in tho service of the United States. If they
are not, then we had better abolish the Mili-
tary Academy. If the men educated in the
Military Academy are not educated there for
service in the Army, then the whole design of
the Academy is frustrated and of no account.
We migh t. just as well abolish the Military Acad-
emy at once.
Mr. PAINE. It is all very well to say that
the usage has been so and so. The amendment
moved by the gentleman provides that commis-
sions shall be given only to graduates of the
Military Academy who are by law entitled to
commissions. If the gentleman can show me
any law other than that to which I have re-
ferred which will entitle them to commissions,
then all very well.
Mr. BLAINE. Let me state one fact. When
a cadet enters the Military Academy he has to
come under an obligation to eight years in the
Army—four years as cadet and four years as a
commissioned officer.
Mr. PAINE. That does not provide that he
shall have a commission.
Mr. BLAINE. I am inclined to think that
very few gentlemen are aware how small a pro-
poilion of officers of the Army of tli£ United
States to-day is made up of graduates of West
Point. I made ail examination of the Army
Kegister this morning, and I find in the ten
regiments of cavalry in the Army there are
three hundred and twenty-eight officers from
civil life and sixty officers from the Military
Academy. In the five regiments of artillery
there are one hundred and sixty-two officers
from civil life and one hundred and forty-one
from the Military Academy. In the infantry
regiments, forty-five in number, there are
one thousand three hundred and thirty-six
civil appointments and only one hundred and
eighty-six from the Military Academy among
the officers. And in the entire sixty regiments
composing the Army of the United States
there are one thousand eight hundred and
twenty-six officers appointed from civil life
and only three hundred and eighty-seven officers
appointed from the graduates of the Military
Academy. There are regiments in the service
of the United States to-day in which there is
not, as a commissioned officer, a single grad-
uate from West Point. In the thirty-ninth,
fortieth, and forty-fifth regiments there is not
one West Point graduate; in the thirty-second
and forty-second regiments there is only one
in each regiment; and in the twenty-third,
twenty-seventh, and thirty-sixth regiments
there arc only two in each regiment.
Mr. WOOD. IIow is it in regard to the
major generals in the Army?
Mr. BLAINE. The major generals are all
graduates of West Point, as are all the brig-
adier generals except two.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I desire to
ask the gentleman whether this proposition is
intended to cut off from the chance of promo-
tion all the sergeants now authorized by law.
^Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman asks me
whether this is intended to prevent sergeants
from being promoted. I answer, only until the
Army is reduced to the peace basis. I waut
gentlemen to understand this point: that within
the next one or two years we must reduce the
Army, either by absolute dismissals or by sus-
pending appointments; and it is for Congress
to say which method shall be pursued.
Mr. CHANLEIi. Will the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Bl.uSe] define what he means by
a peace establishment, so that we may know
definitely on what basis he proposes to proceed?
Mr. BLAINE. Well, I am quite sure that
I to-day should be altogether unable to answer
that question. The gentleman, if he should be
a member of the Forty-First Congress, will be
much better able to assist in determining that
question than any member of the present Con-
gress can do to-day. But this proviso will, at
all events, be a step toward placing the Army
on a peace foundation. Gentlemen who wish
a movement made in that direction will, of
course, support the proviso ; those who do not
so desire will vote against it.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman has not
answered my question. He will remember that
he declared he would demonstrate this reduc-
tion -to the satisfaction of every member on .
this floor. When he makes an assertion so
broad as that he should be able to,give a defi-
nite answer to such a question as I have put.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, inasmuch as
it has been decided that this amendment is in
order, as a matter of course I have no right to .
discuss that question. I move to amend the i
amendment by striking out the last word, so
that I may have an opportunity to state the
reasons for my opposition to the amendment.
This amendment,, like the provision in place
of which it is offered, appears to me as em-
bracing new legislation ; and I object to it, in
the first place, because it is in conflict with
former legislation which was just and right.
A previous Congress, respecting the rights of
men who were as much entitled to these ap-
pointments as any others, provided by its legis-
lation that two thirds of the appointments in
the Army of the United States should be made
from civilians who, on proper examination,
should prove themselves qualified.
Mr. BLAINE. Three fourths of the appoint-
ments have been so made.
Mr. LOGAN. Then it is because the offi-
cers so appointed li3.ve passed an examination
according to the laws of the land, and they are
entitled to the appointments. But, sir, the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine is
nothing but an ingenious mode of undercut-
ting the officers of the Army appointed from
civil life, by providing, as was provided in
former years, that no man except a graduate
of West Point shall have a commission in the
Army of the United States. This amendment
is, as I have already remarked, calculated to
strike at the officers nowin the Army. It pro-
vides that no new apppintments as officers of
the Army shall be made except from—whom ?
From graduates'of West Point, though the law
upon our statute-book to-day provides that two
thirds of the officers of the Army shall be made
up of civilians who pass a certain examination.
This amendment repeals that law.
Mr. BLAINE. I beg the gentleman's par-
don ; put he does not state the case correctly.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to state it for me?
Mr. BLAINE. There is nosuch law on the
statute-book. The law merely provided that
two thirds of the appointments under the Army
bill of 1866 should be made in the manner the
gentleman has stated. And that provision has
been complied with.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well, sir; I understand
that perfectly. And if we have any Army to-
day except under that act I should like the
gentleman to point it out. It was under that
act that the Army was reorganized : and the
gentleman attempts here, by an amendment,
to deplete that Army so far as civilians are
concerned and supply their places by the ap-
pointment of men who, under the law, have
no more right in the Army than those whom
they will displace. The fact is as I stated.
Under the existing law civilians are entitled
to appointments after passing an examination.
This amendment would prevent any appoint-
ment hereafter being made in the Army except
from the graduates of the Military Academy
at West Point. Under the bill reorganizing
the Army all kinds of civilians have to go
before a commission to be examined before
receiving their appointments.
That is one reason why I am opposed to the
amendment. So long as the Army stands as
it does under this bill, until reduction shall be
made as gentltyrien desire it, 1 want the same
provision in regard to all officers, whether
from the ranks of civilians or from the ranks
of the Army.
But, sir, I insist this is new legislation. It
is a piece of outrageous legislation against the
rights of men protected under the bill passed
two years ago reoigauizing the Army of the
United States. My fiiend from Maine, [Mr.
Blaine,] not being a graduate of West Point
himself, has fallen into the error, together with
many other persons, that every thing belongs to
the graduates of West Point and that nothing
dare be claimed for civilians in this land. He
has fallen into that error and seems to be will-
ing to kiss their shoes and untie their shoe
latchets for them. Sir, I insist the legislation
of this country should be fair and jast. We
have civilians in this land who have been given
commissions in the Army. Now, sir, four
years of experience in the Army is worth ten
