1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mrs. ann corcoran.
Mr. VA-N AERNAM. I submit a report
from a committee of conference.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment to the
biji (S. No. 184) granting: a pension to Mrs. Ann Cor-
coran, having mot, after lull and fiec conference
have agreed 10 recommend, and do recommend to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their disagreement,to
the amendment of the House, and agree to the same.
II. VAN AERNAM.
G. F. MILLER,
Manaqers on the part of the House.
P. G. VAN WINKLE,
LYMAN TRUMBULL.
Mo ringers on the part of the Senate.
The report was adopted.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the leport was adopted j and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
thomas crossley;
The 8PEAKEU stated that the House re-
sumed in the mornijng hour, which had just
commenced, the consideration of Senate bill No.
420, for the relief of Thomas Crossley, reported
yesterday from the Committee on Patents by
Mr. Myers.
The bill was read. It provides that Thomas
Crossley have leave to make application to the
Commissioner of Patents lor the extension of
the letters-patent issued to him for improve-
ments in machines for printing woolen and
other goods for the term of fourteen years
from April 5, 1851, the letters-patent bearing
date June 20 in that year, in the same manner
as if the petition for such extension had been
hied at least ninety days before the expiration
of the patent, and that the Commissioner be
authorized to consider and determine this
application in the same manner as if it had
been filed ninety days before the expiration of
the patent.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the
purpose of making an explanation. It is sim-
ply to enable the petitionerto make a-correction
as to a date. Jl gives him no rights. It makes
no grunt. 11 does not control the action of the
Patent Office .or any person employed there.
It permits him to file his petition now as if he
had hied it at the time allowed by law. There
was an accidental mistake.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. HOLM!AN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and fourfd truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker^signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 861) relating to the
Supreme Court of the. United States 5
An act (II. 11. No. 538) to extend the bound-
aries of the collection district of Philadelphia |
so as to include the whole consolidated city of
Philadelphia;
An act (H. R. No. 598) to continue the
Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen and Refu-
gees, and for other purposes j
An act (LI. It. No. 704) for the relief of cer- j
tain exporters of rum ; and
An act (II. R. No. 170) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide^ for carrying the
mails from the United States to foreign ports,
and for other purposes/' approved March 25,
IP,64.
andrew s. cork.
On motion of Mr. IIUBBARD, of West j|
Virginia, the bill (S. No. 522) to authorize the n
Commissioner of the Bevenue to settle the d
accounts of Andrew S. Core was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means;
abelard guthrie.
^ Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on Re-
visal and Unfinished Business, submitted the
following report:
The Committee on Revisal and Unfinished Busi-
ness, to whomwas referred the memorial of Abelard
Guthrie, praying to be allowed mileage and per diem
as Delegate from the Territory of Nebraska to the
Thirty-Second Congress, have had the same under
consideration, and lespeetfully report:
That the memorialist, on the 17th day of Decem-
ber, 1852, presented a memorial to the House of Rep-
resentatives, asking to be admitted as a delegate
from the Territory of Nebraska. The matter was
reterred by the House to their Committee of Elec-
tions. On the 3d of March, 1853, the Committee of
Elections 1 eported to the House that thememorialist
was not entitled to admission as a Delegate, and
asked to be discharged from thefurtherconsideration
ot the ease; and the House uuauimously so ordered.
Ifc does notap'pear that the memoiialist made any
application to Congress for compensation until rhe
23d of February, 185i, when hi3 memorial tor that
purpose was piesented, and was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and the matter has been
kept before the House in some form from that time
to the present. The committee have not studied its
history closely enough to be able to give tbe piecise
dates or order of its transfer from one committee to
another, but it appears to have been before the Com-
mittees on the Judicial3%of Elections, on Appropri-
ations, on Claims; and more than once before some
of them.
The Committee of Elections, in 18*36, and again in
1802, reported in favor of paj nig the memorialist five
dollars per day, from the time of piesenting his
memorial to the eloseof that Congress, and his mile-
age, not exceeding S2.OU0.
All the other committees who have had the matter
before them have reported adversely to thepayment
of any sum to the memori;iIi.*>t, or have been dis-
charged trom its consideration without reporting
thereon.
This committee, having at last been intrusted with
the investigation ot this, claim, consider that justice
to the memorialist, as well as to the House, requiies
that it should be linally disposed of, and they have
therefore endeavored, as far as possible, at this late
day, to ascertain the facts upon which its merits
re^t.
Such election as was held was in rhe month of Octo-
ber, 1852. There was at that time no organized gov-
ernment in the Territory of Nebraska. What was
called the territory of Nebraska embraced all the
present States of Nebraska and Kansas, and a con-
siderable amount of territory beside. What extent
of settlement or number of people there were in that
extensive region we have not had opportunity to
investigate. Some part, and perhaps all the people
thiei e, desired to have a ten i tonal government estab-
lished, and it was deemed advisable by some of them
that some one should be sent to represent their wishes
and intents befoie Congiess.
The mcmorah^t stated betore us that meetings were
held in tour places, and that about one hundred votes
were cast in all. It should be stated, however, that
when the Committee ol Elections reported upon the
memorialist's right to a seat, they stated that there
wasvotingatbuttwo places. Whatnotice was given
of these meetings that-were held, or how extensive
this notice was, or -whether any other part of the
people of that region had any oppoi tunity to hold
meetings and vote, did not appear. If any evidence
was ever before Congress as to these meetings, or
anything in ihe character of credentials to thememo-
rialist, none can now be iound. Ihere were 110 elec-
tion otficeis to call or hold elections, and such meet-
ings as were held were meie voluntaiy and informal
meetings of a few persons who had become resident
m that new region.
It is not claimed now by the memorialist that ho
was legally entitled to a scat as a delegate, or that
be is hy any law entitled to compeusauon as such,
lie claims compensation upon the ground that he
performed valuable public seiv.ee in piomotmg the
establishment of a teintoria) government for Ne-
braska. He also urges thai claims of a character
similar to hishavc been recognized and paid by order
of Congress.
An act establishing a territorial government for
Nebraska passed the House m February, lb5l>, but
tailed to pass the Senate.
The committee have no special evidenee on the
subject, but they do not doubt the memorialist used
his best, efiorts and influence to promote^ the estab-
lishment of a territorial Government. The history
of that region since that time is .of a public charac-
ter, and need not be repeated. But weeannotregard
the seivice ot the memoiiahst a* of such a public
character, or as being for the benefit of the Govein-
ment in any such sense as to entitle him to be paid
therefor Out of the public Treasury.
Tile precedents upon which the memorialist relief
are the eases of IIu^li N.Smith, uf New Mexico, and
A. W. Babbitt, of Utah, who claimed and asked to
be admitted to seats as Delegates from those Terri-
tories respectively before any turritoiial organiza-
tions therein. They were denied seats, but were
allowed their mileage and per diem.
It appears, however, that those gentlemen were
chosen by conventions of delegates chosen from, all
paits of those Territories, so that in some sense they
might be said to be representatives of the entire peo-
ple of such unorganized districts. But in the ease
of thememorialist, he cannot be considered as the
representative of any more than a few individuals,
and the request upon which he eamc here h> 110
better than if no meeting had been held, and he had
como by the private and personal request of each of
them.
But the committee are of opinion that the prece-
dents themselves are mischievous 111 principle and
ought not to be followed, even if the memorialist
brought his case within them. He came here as the
agent and representative of private wishes and in-
terests; and though those wishes and interests were
to be forwaidcd by procuring a law of the most pub-
he character, still his-character and responsibility
ar? not changed thereby. If Congress recognize the
validity of that class ot service, and the liability of
the Government to pay theiefor, there will Oe no
limit to calls upon the public funds. In this or any
similar case, two or half a dozen agents might bo
sent to operate upon Congress, and if their scrvwcs
were equally beneficial, they would all be equally
entitled to be paidfortheir services out of the public
Treasury.
The committee therefore ask to be discharged fi era
the further consideration of said memorial, and
recommend that the same be laid on the table.
Mr. POLAND. I am not able to state any
further facts than are contained in the report.
The committee was accordingly discharged
from the further consideration of the memorial,
and the same was laid on the table.
ventilation of tu& hall.
Mr. COVODE, by unanimous consent, made
a report from the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds in relation to ventilation of
the Hall of the House of Representatives)
which was ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted to the committee.
Subsequently Mr. COVODE entered a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the report
was recommitted.
payment of witnesses.
Mr. COVODE also, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
He-solved, That there be paid as mileage and per
diem to George II. Haupt and Lewis W. Leeds, wit-
nesses before the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, $121 each.
le0nidas smith.
Mr KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1280) for the relief of
Lieutenant Leonidas Smith, late of the twenty-
second regiment Indiana volunteer infantry;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
jacob biggs.
Mr. KERR also, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1281) for the relief
of Jacob Biggs*, which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. UPSON moved to reeonsider the votes
by which the bills were referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national bank in new york.
Mr. POMEROY. I report back from the
Committee on Banking and Currency a bill
(H. li. No. 1035) authorizing the Manufac-
turers1 National Bank of New York to change
its location, with a recommendation that it do
pass. Without reading the bill I will state
that it simply authorizes this bank to change
its location from New York city to Brooklyn.
It was formerly located in Brooklyn, but at
the time it formed itself into a national bank
it changed its location to New York eit y. It
now desires to go back to Brooklyn.
The bi'll was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
! Mr. rO.MEROY moved to reconsider the
1 vote by which the bill was passed: and also
i moved ihat the motion to reconsider be laid
011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
change oj names of national banks.
Mr. POMBROY, from the same'committee,
reported a bill (H. It. No. 1282) authorising
certain banks named therein to change their
names : which was read a first. and second
time.
