1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1279
years of experience within the walls of West
Point. I insist those civilians who have thus
served in the Army shall have the same rights
and privileges under and by virtue of our legis-
lation as these West Point men who have been
protected, fostered, and sustained by every
law Congress has ever passed in regard to this
subject.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, I do not
think 1 am afflicted with such extraordinary
devotion as to kiss the shoes of the graduates
of West Point, which the gentleman from Illi-
nois intimates, nor am I afflicted with any ex-
traordinary jealousy of West Point, which the
gentleman himself seems to entertain, judging
by his style of speech.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir. I say to the gen-
tleman I have no jealousy of any human being
on earth.
Mr. BLAINE. I am quite free of both sen-
timents. I have no extraordinary devotion to
West Point, and I thank God I have no ex-
traordinary jealousy of West Point. I appre-
ciate what West Point has done, and I appre-
ciate what volunteers have done; and, sir, I
would be the last man to do injustice to either.
I want to impress upon the attention of this
House one fact. If we are to reduce this
Army from sixty regiments we must do it in
one of two ways. We have to muster men out
whether they be civilians or graduates of West
Point, or we have to stop appointing men to
these offices. If you appoint men to ihe Army
you wili appoint them only to be mustered out
in the course of a year or two ; and I maintain
the gentleman from Illinois could do no greater
injustice, could commit no greater cruelty,
than to delude an officer who gets a commis-
sion that it is to be a life affair, because I say
the people of this country, and I say it boldly,
..will not continue an army of sixty regiments.
They will not continue au army of sixty regi-
ments as much as the gentleman thinks they
will.
Mr. LOGAN. Let me ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. BLAINE. Very well, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. Why not provide there shall
be no appointments until the Army is reduced?
Why provide they shall be conferred upon a
certain class and not upon another?
Mr. BLAINE. I answer that by saying we
have appropriated $300,000 for the education
of young men picked from civil life, perhaps
one or two on the nomination of the gentle-
man from Illinois. We have appropriated
$000,000 for the education of certain young
civilians for the Army, and it the gentleman
provides that they shall not be appointed into
the Army then that sum of money has been
thrown away. But when we appropriated that
$300,000 We did it intelligently, that it was to
educate, as we have been educating, young
officers to enter upon military duty. The
gentleman from Illinois would have us throw
that appropriation away, that these men shall
not be retained in the Army, and this money
shall be literally lost to the Treasury of the
United States. I am opposed to it.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it does seem to me that
we go very far astray from the line of common
sense sometimes when we talk about West
Point. Of whom is the _West Point Academy
made up? Of young civilians from sixteen to
twenty years of age, nominated by gentlemen
on this floor. In what respect is their civil
life when they are appointed different from
that of anybody else? When you talk about
two classes, West Pointers and civilians, you
are talking about a distinction which is en-
tirely shadowy—which does not exist. These
young men are just as much civilians as any
other men in the Army. The only difference
between them and others is, they enter the
Armv between the ages of sixteen and twenty,
others enter it between the ages of twenty one
and thirty. Now, if you vote this down jou
have failed to provide any way whatever lor
the reduction of the Army? and it brings you
within the course of a year or two right up to
the point where you have got to muster out
eight hundred or a thousand men from a posi-
tion they have chosen for life.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether the Secretary of War is making
any appointments in the Army whatever under
this law.
Mr. BLAINE. The Secretary of War is
not making any appointments in the Army; he
has no more right to make any than I have.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, then, the President.
Mr. BLAINE. The President may not be
making any just now. What I want to do is
to prevent him from making any hereafter. I
yield to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not rise to discuss
this question of the merits of West Point offi-
cers as compared with volunteer officers, but
I do wish to submit a remark or two in rela-
tion to this legislation which is now attempted,
and the manner in which it is attempted. This
committee, inthefirst place, proposes that there
shall be attached to the appropriation bill a
clause which conflicts with and virtuality, if
not directly, repeals the law of the laud. That
is pronounced to be out of order. What then?
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
modifies his proposition by inserting a proviso
that the money shall be appropriated upon
condition that a certain law of the land, as it
now stands on the statute-book, shall not be
regarded. Do I understand that this is de-
cided to be in order?
Mr. BLAINE. It has been.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, with due deference,
then, to all, I cannot understand the difference
between twecdle dum and t.weedle dee. The
money is to be appropriated on condition that
certain things shall be done which are not ac-
cording to law.
The CHAUIMAN. TheChairdidnotunder-
stand that it was conceded that the amendment
that was stricken out was out of order.
Mr. BLAINE. I did not so concede. I
merely intimated that I was willing to have it
stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. There was no ruling.
Mr. SCHENCK. I thought there was a ques-
tion raised by the gentleman from Missouri that
this was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair ruled on the
last amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Iunderstand, then, that the
amendment pending, offered by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] who waived the
other, is decided to be in order. I hold that
the amendment now pending amounts to the
same as the other. It is only put in a very
ingenious way. It is equivalent to saying "that
the money which is hereby appropriated shall
not be expended unless certain provisions of
the law which now prevail shall be altered."
What is that but a virtual repeal of the law?
<;You shall have the money if the law is set
aside; you shall not have it if it is not set aside.''
That, the gentleman says, is not a repeal. I say
it amounts to something so near it that I am
unable to distinguish the difference.
Let it go, however; suppose it to be in order;
, suppose it to be what it really is, only an at-
| tempt at legislating upon this subject of a
I reduction of the A,rmy. Then, I say, it only
I illustrates another of the disadvantages arising
I from this attempt at general legislation in an
j appropriation bill. I think the House ought
j to set its face against all this. It has been ati
abuse through many years, increasing contin-
ually, until, as I had hoped, the present House
was going to maintain the position that no such
thing should be foisted into an appropriation
bill, affecting the general law of the laud, in
order to bring about a reform so much desired.
But here is an attempt at legislation. Now.
what is it in the form in which it is at present
presented ? Let me say a few words which I
j ihink will satisfy the gentleman from Maine
himself that he" proposes an impracticable
i mode of reducing the Aimy, and therefore had
better reserve the whole subject for general
j legislation outside of the appropriation bill.
^ His proposition is this: that hereafter no per-
i son shall be commissioned in the Army except
graduates of West Point, who are to be made
second lieutenants; but that is not -to interfere
with the regular promotion of officers.
Mr. BLAINE. Until otherwise directed by
law.
Mr. SCHENCK. Just what I said. Ton
repeal the present law, and until you pass a
new law this is to stand as the rule. Well,
what is the rule proposed? Why, that there
shall be none commissioned except second lieu-
tenants, and they only from West Pointbut
it shall not interfere with regular promotions.
Now, how many are graduated from West
Point each year? Only about sixty. What
has the gentleman told us about the annual
casualties in the Army? He says that more
than three hundred officers, by death, resigna-
tion, or otherwise, go out annually. What then
happens?
Mr. BLAINE. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. I did not say annually. I stated that
last year it was so, and that the tables of Army
longevity preceding the war show that the
average length of service is ten years, which
would make it one tenth of the Army. That
is an essential difference.
Mr. SCHBNCK. Very well; last year is
not to be taken as the rule.
Mr. BLAINE. No.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then we will go back to
what the Army was before the war, and it was
found that in a time of profound peace immedi-
ately preceding the war one tenth of the officers
were consumed, as it were, in the service each
year. Now we have, the gentleman tells us,
nineteen hundred and fifty-two officers. Let
us suppose, having no war, that they go back
to the old ratio which existed before the war,
then at that rate one hundred and ninety-five
will go out every year, which is about one
tenth of the gentleman's own figures. Then
one hundred and ninety-five will be used up
every year, and sixty will be the annual supply.
What will be the consequence? Why, in a
very little time all your second lieutenants will
become first lieutenants to supply vacancies, the
first lieutenants will become captains, the cap-
tains majors, and so on, until within a year or
two after your law has gone into operation you
will have no second lieutenants at all, for as
fast as they arc commissioned from Vv est Point
they will be entitled to promotion, perhaps on
that day or the next, and may get two or three
commissions in quick succession and run right
up to be a captain or major; and thus this
great snake of an Army will wither away at the
tail, as it were, and that process will continue
until it is all head ; we shall have an Army
of privates with nothing but field officers to
command it. Now, is there any answer to
that ?
Mr. BLAINE. Yes, a complete answer.
The moment that process begins the consoli-
dation of regiments takes place, as was pro-
vided in the original proviso which I withdrew,
and the reason why 1 withdrew it was that it is
not, in the opinion of those best advised in
Army matters, competent^ this time to say
just the proportion of the three arms of the
service they want.
The whole bugbear which the gentleman
from Ohio has so ingeniously presented here
is dispelled in a moment by the suggestion
I that as the officers grow thin in a regiment
| you put two regiments together, and that is
' exactlv what we want to attain.
' Mr."LOGAN. Where is your law for that ?
i Mr. BLAINE. We can provide for that
i when the time comes. We want to bring
| about that exact state of affairs when they will
j be compelled to make fewer regiments by there
i being fewer officers.
Mr SCHENCK. I thank the gentleman
for that explanation. What does it, prove?
Why, that he proposes some legislation now
which very soon will require some other legis-
! lation. . .
| Mr. BLAINE. Yes, and Congress is m
session two thirds of the time and is quite
competent to attend to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. He thus illustrates just
