1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is in order.
Mr. CONNESS. Upon that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ne-
braska, to postpone the bill before the Senate
for twenty minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
.mrs. emma wilson.
Mr. MORTON. I move now to take up for
consideration Senate bill No. 174.
The motion was agreed to: and the bill (S.
No. 174) for the relief of Mrs. Emma Wilson,
of the State of Indiana, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Mrs. Emma Wilson, of Indiana, the salary
which would have become due to her deceased
husband, James Wilson, as minister to Vene-
zuela, had he survived in that office till the
close of the year ending with the date of his
appointment.
Mr. MORTON. This bill was reported
adversely by the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] upon the ground that the pre-
cedents did not authorize it; but I am informed
that the precedents do authorize the payment
of a quarter's salary; and as this lady is in
very destitute circumstances I move to amend
the bill by providing the salary for a quarter
instead of for a year.
Mr. SUMNER. I should have no objection
to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the bill by striking out all after the word
"Indiana," in line four, and inserting "one
quarter's salary of her deceased husband,
James Wilson, as minster to Venezuela."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
mrs. general hackleman.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 627.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 027) granting an increase of pension to
Sarah Hacldeman, widow of Brigadier General
Pleasant A. Ilackleman, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It is a direction to the Secretary of
the Interior to place on the pension-roll the
name of Sarah Ilackleman, widow of the late
Brigadier General Pleasant A. Hackleman, at
the rate of fifty dollars per month, from the 3d
of October, 1862, on which day General Hackle-
man fell mortally wounded at the battle of
Corinth, to continue during widowhood. The
pension heretofore allowed her under general
law is to be discontinued, but the sum hereto-
fore received by her is to be deducted from
the pension hereby granted.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say that this
is another of those special acts increasing pen-
sions. We have a general law which gives to
the widows of officers of the rank of lieutenant
colonel and above a pension of thirty dollars a
month. We passed, I think withoutreflection,
some time ago, five or six bills increasing these
pensions in special cases to fifty dollars a
mouth, and this is one of that class. As I said
the other day, I am opposed to all this special
legislation. If these pensions ought to be
increased let us have a general bill. If it is
to be done for any one let us increase them
all. I am not in favor of taking out particular
isolated cases to double the pensions.
Mr. MORTON. I could not hear what the
Senator from Pennsylvania said ; but I will
state that the other day the Senate passed three
bills of the same character increasing the pen-
sions in the same way of the widows of three
brigadier generals who fell on the field of battle.
General Hackleman was killed while leading
his brigade at the battle of Corinth, and left a
large family quite poor. There canuot be a
more deserving and worthy case than this.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to say a very few
words, and I shall not consume much time.
Heretofore the rule established for the regula-
tion of pensions provided that the pension
should begin at the date of its allowance.
Afterward by law it was changed so as to begin
at the date of the filing of the application. Now,
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that they are reversing both the old
rale and the recent law, and are establishing
the precedent of going back to a former date.
The amount of pensions now paid is consider-
ably over thirty millions a year. It is equal to
the interest on a capital of several hundred
millions. It seems to me that we ought not to
permit these precedents to multiply, for we
may have to go back in every individual case.
Suppose an appeal were made to the Senate in
favor of the widow of a private, it would be
perhaps quite as strong as that in favor of the
widow of a general or of a colonel. It seems
to me that the Senate ought to be a little care-
ful in the establishment of precedents of this
kind that will take from the Treasury millions
of money more than was contemplated when
the laws were originally passed. I have nothing
to say in opposition to this particular case. I
have no doubt that it is equally meritorious with
any of those that have been passed by the
Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I would say that the bills
which were passed the other day were in the
same form with this, and the Senator, I think,
made the same objection to those bills that he
now makes to this ; but notwithstanding that
they passed the Senate in the form in which
this is I hope there will be no discrimination
made between them, but that this bill will be
passed as it is.
Mr. THAYER. I will simply say that I
believe there are not four more cases of this
character in the whole country.
Mr. CAMERON. There are at least seven
or eight hundred ; perhaps a thousand.
Mr. MORTON. Brigadier generals killed ?
Mr. CAMERON. Not brigadier generals,
but officers from the rank of lieutenant colonel
up. We had four hundred generals, I believe.
I am perfectly willing that there should be a
higher pension in all these cases; I am not say-
ing anything against that, but I oppose this
system of special legislation by which a Sena-
tor or Representative, powerful and popular in
the House of which he is a member, is enabled
to urge a particular case from his own State,
and the Senate vote for it without reflecting on
it further than that this Senator has presented
it. This principle will add millions of money
to your pension list if you go on and carry it
out. For the generals alone who have died
either on the battle field or soon afterward it
would be §1,200,000.
The first excuse was that the officer had died
on the field of battle, and the Pension Com-
mittee refused to act on bills granting an in-
creased pension in those cases, but referred
them to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and they made it a special case because the
individuals actually died while the conflict was
going on. This goes a little further ; this is a
case where the officer died afterward, as I
understand. He was a worthy and proper
officer, undoubtedly, but he died after the bat-
tle was over. If you go on in this way you
will bring in every case. Let us put it off until
next year, and if our soldiers and the widows
and orphans of our officers and soldiers have
not pension enough let us increase itmake
the sum as large as you please, and I will vote
for it; but do not let us pick out these indi-
vidual eases, and pass special bills now at the
close of the session.
Mr. MORTON. I would say to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that General Hackleman
was shot dead on his horse at the head of his
brigade at the battle of Corinth. As to the
number of these cases> the Senator from Penn-
sylvania is entirely mistaken. I am informed
by one member of the Committee on Military
Affairs that there are not exceeding three or
four cases of this kind.
Mr. FESSENDBN. How many privates
were shot dead in the field?
Mr. MORTON. I understand that Congress
has made distinctions in regard to pensions.
Mr. CONKL1NG. There were thirty gen-
erals killed in battle, I understand; so the chair-
man of the. Committee on Pensions tells me.
Mr. MORTON. I think those cases have
all been provided for with the exception of
three our four. I hope there will be no dis-
tinction made between this case and those
which received the sanction of this body only
two days ago.
Mr. CAMERON. This is the seventh case.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If there were thirty
cases the amount would be $18,000 a year.
This bill proposes to give to the widow of Gen-
eral Hackleman just what has been given to
the widows of other generals by the vote of the
Senate within a few days. We ask simply for
her what has been given to others. General
Hackleman left but a small estate, although a
lawyer of distinction. He left his business and
went to the war, and left to his family but a
home. His widow has been dependent on her
personal efforts for her support and the sup-
port of a family of daughters. I think he left"
no boy to aid in the support of the family. It
is a case that appeals not only to the sense of
justice but of kindness. He was a distin-
guished officer in whom the State of Indiana
takes much pride; and I should be deeply
mortified if this increased pension was allowed
in other cases and denied in this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have a
law that fixes the time when these pensions
shall commence. We should either adhere to
the law or change it. This variation from the
law will give the Pension Committee an infinite
amount of business. I have no doubt of the
worthiness of the applicant in this case ; but I
have a case for which I presented a bill at this
session—the case of a lady who lost her hus-
band, shot dead in the battle near the city of
Mexico, and whose son also was killed in the
recent rebellion. If this bill passes will it not
furnish a precedent for a case of that kind—a
widow and a mother having lost her husband
and son, the only means of her support, both
in battles of our country ? The law makes a dis-
tinction in the amount ofpay according to grade,
whether to a private, a colonel, or a brigadier.
Is not that a sufficient distinction ? It seems
to me that we cannot withstand the petitions
in behalf of the widows of captains and lieu-
tenants and privates if we break down this rule.
I hope, if we have a rule, we shall adhere to it.
Mr. HOWE. I understand this bill was not
reported by the Pension Committee, but by
the Military Committee.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the Senator
that the committee reported four or five bills
of the same kind at the same time, this being
one. There were three or four of them passed
the other day, and I got up to present this bill,
but a motion to adjourn intervened, and the
bill was cut off.
Mr. HOWE. I rise to inquire whether the
other bills alluded to by the Senator from.
Indiana came from the same committee ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; from the same
committee, and were reported at the same time.
Mr. CAMERON. Idesireto moveanamend-
mentof this sort—the Clerk can putitin form—
that the same proportionate amount of pen-
sions be paid to the widows of all the officers
and soldiers who were killed in battle during
the rebellion. Now, let us make the list com-
plete.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Senator
will reduce his amendment to writing.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. There seems to be a
little misapprehension about the pension law
as it now stands. All pensions take effect, it
the application is made in time, from the deatii
of the party or from the time his disability was
incurred, or from the muster-out. The objec-
