4352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
tion made to this bill by the Senator from Iowa,
as I understand it, is this: this bill proposes,
notto granta pension, because I suppose there
are no pensions hut those allowed by law until
the bill is passed, at least, but proposes, in
addition to the regular pension which this lady
already has of thirty dollars a month, to grant
her twenty dollars a month more. As I un-
derstand, the motion of the Senator from Iowa
is to prevent that increase from going back and
to make it commence from the passage of the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania proposes to amend the bill
by adding as an additional section the following:
t And be it further enacted, That the same propor-
tionate ineroase of pension bo paid to the widows of
all officers and soldieis who wore killed in battle
during the late rebellion, such pensions to com-
mence from the date of the death of said officers and
soldiers.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to know
what became of the order of the Senate post-
poning the regular order twenty minutes. Does
the Chair keep any account of the time ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let us finish this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for information of
the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is not informed precisely. He thinks the twenty
minutes are up.
Mr. CONNESS. If this bill could be dis-
posed of in a few minutes I would not. object.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the Senator
from California that we can dispose ol' it in a
minute or two.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It cannot be disposed
of with that amendment extending pensions
to all.
Mr. MORTON. Thatamendmcntisintended
for the simple purpose of killing the bill. I
hope that it will be voted down, and that we
shall then take a vote on the bill. It will be
hard to explain the reason why the Senate
should vote differently on this bill than they
did on the other four the day before yesterday.
Mr. CAMERON. Itis hardly fair to say that
this is offered for the purpose of killing the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the twenty minutes
have expired all this debate is out of order, and
I object to further debate. There is no use
in spending further time upon it.
The PRESIDING OFF1CER. The twenty
minutes having expired it becomes the duty
of the Chair to announce that the other bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope the time will
be extended thirty minutes more.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is uo reason
why the other cases should be provided for and
this one not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There may be a good
many cases.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senate have given
this increase to others, and we want the same
to General Hackleman's widow. It is a sim-
ple act of justice and right. I ask that the
time be extended for thirty minutes.
Mr. CONNESS. Upon that I shall call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Try it by a division in
the first place.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well; I withdraw the
call.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say, then, ten min-
utes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on extending the time for ten minutes.
The question being put, the motion was
declared to be agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for a division. The
Chair cannot dccide questions. It belongs to
the Senate to dccide.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will again put the question.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes IT, noes 15.
Several Sexatoes. No quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Just a quo-
rum.
Mr. CONKIjING- Is that a quorum ?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; there is not a
quorum.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suppose the Chair
makes just a quorum.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
We have got to have them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would rather with-
draw the motion than have so much strife
over it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The regular
order is before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. Is there a quorum?
Mr. CONKL1NG. It was given up.
Mr. WILSON. It cannot be given up. We
have got to ascertain the fact.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote
lacked one of a quorum ; but the Senator from
Pennsylvania atterward rose, assuring the
Chair that there was a quorum in the body.
Mr. FERRY. Is the regular order before
the Senate?
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the yeas and nays are
not called I do not withdraw my motion. I
thought the yeas and nays were called for. I
believe the motion was carried.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
was carried without a quorum, and afterward
the Senator from Pennsylvania rose, which
made a quorum. Which side he voted upon
the Chair did not learn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. He says he voted ay.
Mr. KESS15NDEN. He could not vote ay
after the vote had been declared. If the thing
is to be bi ought up again I objcct to that
irregular mode of proceeding. We are spend-
ing our whole time here over pension bills and
the like when we have very important busi-
ness which must be transacted.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator has consumed
more time in objecting than would have been
required to pass the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would have passed
if there had not been objection, and if there
had been no objection from others I should
have made none. I think we ought to go on
with the business that must be disposed of
and not proceed with such bills as these.
mkssagk from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiihrson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 541)
making appropriations for tho service of the
Columbia Institution for the Instruction of the
Deaf and Dumb, and establishing additional
regulations for the government of tho institu-
tion, with amendments, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
ENUOLLKD BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 2-32) to create an additional
land district in the State of Minnesota ;
A bill (S. No. 28(1) to incorporate the Na-
tional Life Insurance Company of the United
Slates of America ;
A bill (S. No. 357) to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Wyoming;
A bill (S. No. 481) to confirm the title to
certain lands in the State of Nebraska ; and
A bill (S. No. 492) to extend the time for the
construction of the Southern Pacific railroad
in the State of California.
rights op citizens abroad.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The regular
order is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, being the bill (H. R. No. 7G8) con-
cerningthe rights of American citizens abroad,
tho pending question being on tho amendment
offered by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. I have modified my amend-
ment, striking out some useless words in it.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported as modified.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
modified, which was to insert at the end of the
third section the following words:
And whenever any citizfcn of the United States
shall bo, or shall have been, unlawfully arrested ok
unlawfully detained by any foreign Government, it
shall bo the duty of the President, on receiving in-
formation thereof, to demand the release and libera-
tion of such citizcn, and in ease of the refusal or
unreasonable delay of such foreign Government to
release such citizen it shall be the duty of the Presi-
dent to withdraw the diplomatic representative of
the United States from such foreign Government, and
to refuse to hold any further diplomatic correspond-
ence with any representative of such foreign Gov-
ernment untilustice shall be done m the matter by
such foreign Government.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I should like to hear the
whole of that section read as it will stand if
amended. It is very brief.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
will be reported as it will stand if amended.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted. That it shall be the duty
of tho President to exert all his powers under the
Constitution and laws for the protection and relief
of citizens of tho United States abroad, and to report
promptly to Congress from time to time all eases
where justice or relief shall be refused to such citi-
zens by the Government of any foreign country. And
whenever any citizen of the United States snail be, or
shall have been, unlawfully arrested or unlawfully
detained by any foreign Government, it shall be the
duty of the President, on receiving information
thereof, to demand the release and liberation of such
citizen; and in case of the refusal or unreasonable
delay of such foreign Government to release sueh
citizen, it shall be the duty of the President to with-
draw tho diplomatic representative of the United
States from sueh foreign Government, and to refuse
to hold further diplomatic correspondence with any
representative of such foreign Government until
justice shall be done in the matter by sueh foreign
Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to make
an inquiry? Is that a substitution for the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is an
addition to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If so, it is inconsistent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is pointing out to
the State Department and the President exactly
what they shall do in a case that has not yet
happened; judging beforehand and telling them
what they shall do, when at the time it may be
very unwise to do it. I am opposed to such
legislation as t'hat.
Mr. HOWARD. I think the Senator from
Maine misapprehends the drift and effect of
my amendment. It does not require the Pres-
ident in such a case as that to withdraw the
American representative from the foreign Gov-
ernment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the language?
Mr. HOWARD. He may do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He can do that with-
out this.
Mr. HOWARD. But he must refuse to hold
any further intercourse with the representative
of that Government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is, we may leave
our representative there, but he shall refuse to
receive theirs here.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I had intended
to make some remarks on this bill suggested
by the debate which has occurred upon it; and
probably what I intended to say is not as appli-
cable to the present posture of the bill as it
would have been before. But I rose for the
purpose of expressing my approval of the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan. I
think tho action of the Government in all such,
cases should be deliberate, should be cautious ;
but at the same time the opinion and the posi-
tion of our Government should be clearly under-
stood. I approve of the amendment of the
Senator from Michigan, because it does not
contain that filibustering element, that upon
a mere primary case there shall be a declara-
tion of war. I believe that the Government
should assert its position on this subject, and
certainly it could not do it more effectually or
more to the point than by saying tbat with any
Government,^ which arrests or imprisons an
American citizen, the Government of the
United States will suspend all diplomatic cor-
respondence.
Mr. Presidc-nt, I should not have risen to
speak on this question at all except to say
that as little as this question may be regarded
by some and pronounced a mere filibustering
or a mere electioneering proposition, there, is
substance in it; there is right in it; there is
