1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
during the late rebellion, or the illegality of an elec-
tion, are matters which pertain to a contest in the
ordinary way, and should notprevent a person hold-
ing a regular certificate from taking his seat."
After that report was made, the House
directed the Committee of Klections to inquire
duringthe coming vacation of Congress whether
certain-named gentlemen claiming seats in this
House as Representatives from the State of
Kentucky had been guilty of such acts of per-
sonal disloyalty as disqualify them from hold-
ing seats on this floor as Representatives from
Kentucky.
After that investigation in Kentucky, the
Committee of Elections made a report Decem-
ber 3, 1867; which reported their conclusions
as follows, referring to the first-named report:
"The committee adhere to the views expressed in
that report, that no man who has been engaged in
an attempt to overthrow the Government and sub-
vert the Constitution by loice of arms, or who has
voluntarily given aid, countenance, counsel, or en-
couragement to persons so engaged, ought to be
admitted to a seat in this House to make laws for
the nation he has traitorously sought todestrov, and
it is apparent that there must bepowerin this House
to prevent this, the House being the judge of the
qualifications ot its members, of which fidelity to the
Constitution is one, and that this end can only be
certainly accomplished by the investigation of any
specific and apparently well-grounded chargeof per-
sonal disloyalty made against a person claiming a
seat as a member of this House, before such person is
permitted to take the seat."
In the same report the committee said:
"Whenever it is shown by proof that the claimant
has, by act or speech, given aid or countenance to
the rebellion he should not be permitted to take the
oath, and such acts or speech need not be such us to
constitute treason technically, but mast have been
so overt and public, andmusthave been doneorsaid
under such circumstances, as fairly to show that they
were actually designed to, and in their nature tended
to, forward the cause of the rebellion."
Ill this report the principle is announced
that any one who has given aid or comfort to
the rebellion shall not be permitted to take the
oath.
Now, sir, the Committee of Elections believe
that the evidence shows Mr. Young, one of the
claimants to this seat, from the State of Ken-
tucky, comes fairly within the rule laid down
by the committee in this report to which I have
referred. The evidence shows both by speech
and act he has given aid and countenance to
the rebellion, and that such speeches and
acts in their nature tended to give countenance
to the rebellion, and must have been so de-
signed. And the proof on this point I will first
call to the attention of the House; and from
that proof the House will become satisfied, as
the committee has already become satisfied,
that John D. Young is not entitled to a seat
as Representative from Kentucky, unless, in-
deed, the House is prepared to reverse the
decision of the House in sustaining the pre-
vious reports of the committee.
This proof I will proceed to lay before the
House. Now, first as to the charges of per-
sonal disloyalty against John D. Young. The
committee say in their report if the claimant
to the seat has by act or speech given aid and
countenance to the rebellion he is not entitled
to a seat in this House. The proof is that
John D. Young did repeatedly give aid and
countenance to the rebellion by speech and act.
His position was a prominent one. He was
the leader of public opinion. His opinion
guided that of the community where he resided
in reference to public affairs. His opinion was
in favor of the rebellion, and its expression was
designed manifestly to give aid and counten-
ance to the rebellion. He was county judge
before and during the rebellion. It was im-
possible, then, that such a man, occupying such
a position, declaring himself openly for the
rebellion, against the Union and national Gov-
ernment. and in favor of the pretended con-
federacy', could be considered in any other
light than as giving aid and countenance to
the rebellion.
First, I will refer to the proof of what were
his declarations. Mr. Sharp testifies:
"In an interview with him [Young] he took the
ground that the war was not a rebellion, but a revo-
lution. I recollectdistinctly asking him if he thought
the South had just oause for the revolution. He said
40tit COW. 2D -NO. 201).
he thought it had. I laid his case before General
Boyle, and was ordered by him to send Mr. Young to
camp' Chase."
On page 59, Mis. Doc. 47, G, W. Parsons
testifies :
"In the year 1861, one day Mr. Young stayed for
dinner," &c. MI was there." "Alter dinner Mr.
Grill, Mr. Young, and myself got into conversation on
the subject of the war. It was after Mr. Lincoln had
called for seventy-five thousand men, and that was
the subject of the discussion. Mr. Young took posi-
tion against the action of the Presiden t.and remarked,
among other things, that Mr. Lincoln ought to be
impeached and hung as high as Harnan. I asked
him what ought to be done with Jeiferson Davis, and
he said 'nothing; that Mr. Davis had violated no
constitutional obligation.'"
On page 58, Mis. Doc. 47, Spotswood Dead-
man (colored) testifies:
lie [Young] always talked in favor of the rebel-
lion."
On page 57, same book of testimony, John
Miller testifies:
"All took him to be a rebel. He was a rebel. I
heard Josh Ewing talking to him one day andsaying
that he could take his [Ewing's] sons into the rebel
army, but could not go himself. That was on the
street in Owingsville."
And this is confirmed on page 65, same book,
by W. H. T. Moss, who testifies:
"Mr. Joshua Ewing and Mr. Young and a crowd
were chatting in the streetonemorning, and I heard
Mr. Young remark to Mr. Ewing,41 expect to have
a company in South Carolina to fight the Yankees,
and I expcct to take your boys with me.' Ewing
replied,' Perhaps you will. If you do not like this
country you had better leave.'"
On page 72, same book, James Hall testifies;
"He [Young] was in favor of the South gaining its
independence. 1 heard him speak ot it frequently
on the stieet in Owingsville."
These declaiations ate repeated by a man
holding the office of county judge of that
county. They were accompanied by acts to
which I desire, very briefly and as succinctly
as I can, to call the attention of the House.
It is in proof that at different times, Mr.
Young gave food to bands of rebels who were
organized in the commencement of the war in
the vicinity of his residence. On page 58, said
Mis. Doc. 47, Spotswood Deadiuan (colored)
testifies:
" When the rebels were pawing through Owings-
ville, where I was then living, and where Mr. Young
lived, he took a very activepart in feeding them and
conveying provisions to them/' " When rebels were
passing through he would take them to his house and
feed them." "At this time nobody was lorced to
feed them unless he chose. Xt was voluntary."
"Sometimes he would go out and meet them, and he
would welcome them to town.''
points out X union soldier.
But Union soldiers were not favorites with
those who were in favor of "the South gain-
ing its independence.5'
Another fact to which I wish to call attention
is the charge which is made against Mr. Young,
and which the committee believe is sustained
by the proof, that at one time when a squad
of rebel cavalry came into the town of Owings-
ville, where Young resided, they were met by
Young, who, after a very pleasant interview,
in which there seemed to be an entire con-
currence of opinion between the rebels and
Young, the latter said to the commanding
officer that in such a house was- a Yankee
soldier, and suggested that they should go for
him. Thereupon the party of men went to the
house and captured the Union soldier who
was there found. I ask the attention of the
House to the evidence upon that point.
Greenup Nickell, on pages 16 and 17 Mis-
cellaneous Document No. 13. above named,
testifies as follows:
"By Samuel McKee:
" Question. State where you reside, your age, and
what position you occupied during, in lSt5i, the late :
rebellion. {
" Answer. I reside in Centre county; I am forty
years old; X was a captain, comoany fiity-fourth I
Kentucky mounted infantry. Federal Army; went i
into the Army in 1864, m the fall season. j
"Question. Please state if you have any knowledge !
of any disloyal act or acts committed during the i
rebellion by Judge John D. Young, now claiming a :
seat in the Fortieth Congress from the much Ken- ;
tucky district—anything in aid or encouragement J
of the rebellion, or those who were in arms against
the Government of the United States. !
"Answer. In the spring of IS(33, I was on mywiy
from Mount Sterling. Kentucky, home. After pass-
ing Owingsville. between owingsville and State i
Bridge, I was met by a squad of confederate soldiers,
as they called themselves, in number from liftmen
to twenty, as near as X remember; they told me they
were going into Owingsville and did not allow any-
body to go out until they got ready, and that X must
go back with them, which X did. After they rode
into the town there was a pretty general rushing of
the town people, who came up or out to see them.
Among others who came, there was a certain gentle-
man who came down toward where I was, and up
to the men who had me in charge, and close by
where i was standing; he was pointing his finger in
the direction ot a certain house, and named the
house, but I don't now romember the name of said
house, and told the men that in that house there was
a Yankee soldier,' and to go for him. which the
rebel soldiers did. A part of the lot'wont to the
house, and some who remained near me turned
toward the gentleman, whom I did not know, and
spoke to him and said 'How are you, Judge Young?*
This same man whom they called Judge Young, and
a part of the rebel soldiers, turned away from me
and engaged in conversation, m rather a lower tone
of voice than at first; X did not hear what was then
said, but in a very short time a part of the same men
went off and in a few minutes retured with some
horses, upon one of which they mounted the prisoner
they had taken, and soon alter moved off. Before
they returned with the horses, the man whom they
called Judge Young went oft, and I did not then
again see him any more.
"Question. Have you seen him since? And if so,
state the circumstances.
"Answer. 1 don't know whether I have ever seen
him since or not, but at Febi uary court, just previous
to the May election last, I wasui court, m the court-
house at Moorehead, and while the court was going
on X heard some one speak out, * How are you, Judge
Young?' I was at once reminded of the same ex-
pression X had heard at Owingsville, and turned to
see who it was. Tom Hayes, who had been a captain
in the rebel army, was standing near, and X took him
to be the man. from the^voice, who then addressed the
man he called Judge Young. X was not acquainted
myself with Judge Young, but when I saw him there
in the court-house at Moorehead, Itook him to be the
same X had seen at Owingsville, and believe that he
was the same man. These arc the only two times X
have seen Judge Young, if this was him.
" Question. Please describe the man whom you saw,
and wnom they called Judge Young,
" Answer. As near as X recollect, he seemed to bo
about a common man in height and size. He was a
good-looking man, as I thought; had very dark hair,
dark whiskers, and a very keen blaoit eye; thought
about as keen an eye as X had ever seen.
"Question. Were you a soldier or citizen when cap-
tured near Owingsville in lt>'33?
"Answer. X was a citizen, dressed in citizen's
clothes, uudhad nothing to do with the Army at that
time.
"Question* Did the rebel soldiers capturetbeYan-
kee soldier lioin the house to which Young pointed?
"Answer. They captured the soldier, brought him
out, and took him olf with them; released ine, and
told me X could go where X pleased.
" Cioss examined:
"Question. Please state who was in command of the
rebel squad that captuied you near Owingsville,
Kentucky, in the .ipiing et'13*33; and state what time
ot > ear it was.
"Answer. I did not know any of the squad of rebels
that captured me in 1863. X was captured in the
spring, X tnink, the last ot February, or the first of
March.
" Question. Please state whether you were ac-
quainted with any of the citizens ot OwingsviUe wheu
you were taken there; and if so, who were they ?
"Annrer. When I was taken back to Owingsville,
I did not recognize anybody that X knew-that lived
there. X recognized Jo. Wells, who resided in the
neighborhood ; he was with me when X was arrested
and went with me to Owingsville.
'* Question. Did you hear J. 1>. Young use any dis-
loyal language, and if so, what was it?
" Anstrei'. A man whom the soldiers called Judge
Young came to them and pointed to a house, and
told said soldiers that there was a F'ederal soldier
there, and to go tor him, which they did; this is all
the language X heard the man called Judge Young
use. The soldiers that arrested me professed to be-
long to Colonel Clarke's command.
" Question. State the height, age, weight, <fcc., of
the man that was called Judge Young by said squad
of soldiers."
The evidence, in my opinion, fully identifies
this Judge Young named by the parties as the
person who pointed out where this Federal sol-
dier could be found aud captured.
One witness, J. W. Moore, an ex-member of
the rebel Congress, was introduced by Mr.
Young, and testified before the committee, and
the attempt was made to prove by him that
Captain Greenup Nickel! was not entitled to
belief on oath.
This ex-rebel congressman testifies that he
had been in Kentucky but one day since, in
18U1; that he knew two men by name ot
Greenup Nickell, of Morgan county, one sixtyj
and the other perhaps thirty years of ageJ ?
and that 'v the younger was of a bad character.^
The testimony shows the witness, Captain
Nickell, to be Greenup Nickel!, of Carter
county, and forty years of age ; so that there
