3880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June-20,
is nothing conflicting in the testimony of this
ex-rebel congressman and this Federal captain.
The contestee, Mr. Young, is fully identified
in the testimony as the same person alluded to
by the witness Greenup Nickell. That witness
(p. 17, Mis. Doe. No. 13) testifies:
" Question. Have you seen him since, and if so, state
the circumstances?
" Answer. X don't know whether I have ever scon !
him or not; but at February court, just previous to j
the May election last, I was in court in the court- |
house at Moorehead, and while tho court was going \
on I heard someoaespeali out, 'IIow aro you, Judge j
Young?' I was at oncereminded of thesame oxpres- i
sion I had heard at Owingsville, and turned to see j
who it was. Tom Hayes, who had been a captain j
in the rebel army, was standing near, and I took him i
tobetheman. from the voice, who then addressed the
man ho called Judge Young. I was not acquainted j
myself with Judge Young, hut when I saw him there
in tho court-house at Moorehead, I took him to bo
the same I had seen at Owingsville. and believe that
he was the same man. These aro tho only two times
I have seen Judge Young, if this was him."
On page 40, same book of testimony, another
witness testifies:
"There has not lived any other man raHcd Judge
Young in this county, except John P. Young, the
party to this contest," &c.
On page 45, same book, another witness tes-
tifies :
"John D. Young is the only man by the name of
Young in this county who has been ajudgc. He was
judge of tho Bath county court."
The testimony of Dr. John II. Williams, on
page 31, His. Doe. No. 13, proves that Mr.
Young gave aid and comfort" to the enemies
of the Government by associating with rebel
■soldiers. He testifies :
"I have been acquainted with John D. Young
some ten or fifteen years, and do state that during
the rebellion I saw John I). Young on Beaver creek
and at Thomas Greenwald's, who confessed to be a
captain in the rebel army; and I saw Mr. Young pass
in toward Blaekwater, where I was informed that
there was a rebel camp on Blaekwater; and I was
told bytherehel soldiers that John D.Young was
engaged in recruiting soldiers for the rebel army;
and I never heard any person dispute his being a
sympathizer with the rebels until he became a can-
didate for Congress. And X further state that I saw
him in company with rebel soldiers that claimed to
belong to Peter Everett, and were with him in his
last raid in Kentucky, and, so far as I could judge,
John D. Young seemed to bo agreeably situated
when with those soldiers; and I was informed by
tho rebel soldiers that John D. Young was an officer
in their army ; this I was told by Jacob Edwards and
two of the Sexton boys, who were in the rebel army;
and X saw Mr. Young passing some two or three
times, and X think oftener."
There is one other point in this evidence to
which I ask the attention of the House, and I
will pass from it.
In 1861 there was a gathering of rebels at
Prestonburg, Kentucky. They gathered there
at a rendezvous for the purpose of organizing
a regiment for the rebel service. While they
were there gathered John D. Young was at
that place. It is alleged by him, and there is
proof tending to show it, that he went there
for the purpose of dissuading a brother in-law,
I believe, from joining the rebel regiment.
But it is in proof that when he went there,
understanding fully the design of that gather-
ing. and that a rebel regiment was to be formed,
he took with him a minie rifle. It is in proof
that arms were very scarce among the rebels
at that point. It is further in proof that when
Young left Prestonburg he said to one of the
sons of Joshua Ewing, who was a Union man,
whose son Young had threatened to have with
him in South Carolina to fight the Yankees,
who was then there for the purpose of joining
that rebel organization, and who did join it,
"There is a good gun ; take care of it; " that
Ewing took the gun, carried it with him into the
rebel army, and when he left the rebel service
gave it to his cousin, who continued in the army.
He never was asked for the gun by Young;
he never was called to account for it at all.
The gun passed from Young to Ewing, a rebel
soldier, manifestly with the intentof supplying
what was then the greatest need of the rebel
soldiers gathered there, arms to fight against
the Government.
Mr. BECK. I know thegentleman does not
desire to misstate the testimony.
Mr. COOK. Certainly not.
Mr. BECK. I know you do not. Y ou will
find by the testimony that it is not shown that
Judge Young carried that gun there at al 1; and
it is expressly proved by young Ewing himself
that he was not in the rebel army, did not go
into the rebel army then, and did not join it
for more than a year afterward.
Mr. KERR. In the September following.
Mr. BECK. Yes, sir; in the September
following. I know the gentlemau does not
wish to misrepresent anything.
Mr. COOK. I will read the testimony
exactly.
Mr."BECK. You will find that he was not
in the rebel army, and did not join it for some
time after.
Mr. COOK. I read the proof precisely as it
is reported by the committee.
"Henry H. Ewing sworn and examined.
"To Mr. McKf.e;
"I live in Owingsville, Kentucky. I am acquainted
with Mr. Young. X do uot know anything about his
disloyalty. I believe ho was asouthernsympathizer.
He was at Prestonburg when there were a parcel of
men there collected to be organized into tho confed-
erate service. They were not organized at the time.
X have no knowledge of Mr. Young having been a
candidate for nil office in that organization. I do not
know that ho had a gun there. Ho showed me a gun
standing in the porch of the House where he was
staying, and asked me to tako caro of it. He said,
'There is a ffood gun; take caro of it.' He nover
spoke to me about going into the rebel army.
"To Mr. Kinkead:
" X am a sou of Mr. Joshua Ewing. I and my two
brothers were in tho confederate army. Mr. Young
had nothing to do with inducing mo to join tho con-
tederate army. X understood at the time that Mr.
Young was at Prestonburg that his object was to
get his brother-in-law to go home.
"To Mr. Scoi'iKM):
" I took care of t lie gun for three or four weeks, and
then, when I was coming home, I gave it to a cousm
of mine in the army, and I think he sold it. I after-
ward went back to the army, and stayed till the sur-
render. 'Xhegun was a minie rifle. X do not know why
Mr. Young biought it there, lie never inquired of
Hie What became of it. X never told him.
"To Mr. Kerb:
"I do not know whether Mr. Young knew I was
going into the rebel army.
"To Mr. McKer:
"Guns were scarce there at the time. There weie
no guns there of any consequence.
"To Mr. Cook:
" It was understood for what purpose the men were
there in camp; that they were proparing to go into
the southern army."
MESSA.OH 1'ltOJI TI1K PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President,
by Mr. Moobe, his Private Secretary, informing
the House that the President had returned,
with objections thereto, the bill (H. R. No.
1059) to admit the State of Arkansas to repre-
sentation in Congress.
Mr. COOK resumed the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Before the gentle-
man proceeds I ask him to yield to let the veto
message from the President on tho Arkansas
biil be presented.
Mr. COOK. I yield for that purpose.
ADMISSION OF ARK \NSAS TO REPRESENTATION.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before the
House the following message from the Presi-
dent of the United States returning to this
House, in which it originated, a bill with his
objections.
The Clerk read the message, as follows ;
To the House of Representatives:
I return without my signature a bill entitled
"An act to admit the State of Arkansas to rep-
resentation in Congress."
The approval of this bill would be an admis-
sion on the part of the Executive that the act
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States, passed March 2, 1867, and the act sup-
plementary thereto, were proper and constitu-
tional. My opinion, however, in reference to
these measures has undergone no change, but,
on the contrary, has been strengthened by the
results which have attended their execution.
Even were this not the case, I could not
consent to a bill which is based upon the
assumption either that by an act of rebellion
of a portion of its people the State of Arkansas
seceded from the Union, or that Congress may,
at its pleasure, expel or exclude a State from
the Union, or interrupt its relations with the
Government by arbitrarily depriving it of rep-
resentation in the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives. If Arkansas is a State not in the
Union, this bill does not admit it as a State
into the Union. If, ou the other hand, Arkansas
is a State in the Union, no legislation is neces-
sary to declare it entitled "to representation
in Congress as one of the States of the Union.
The Constitution already declares that ''each
State shall have at least one Representative ;
" that the Senate shall be composed of twoSen-
ators from each State;" and " that no State
without its consent shall be deprived of its suf-
frage in the Senate."
That instrument also makes each House
"the judges of tho elections, returns, and
qualifications of its own members," and there-
fore all that is now necessary to restore Arkan-
sas in all its constitutional relations to the
Government is the decision by each House
upon the eligibility of those who, presenting
their credentials, claim seats in the respective
Houses of Congress. This is the plain and
simple plan of the Constitution ; and believing
that had it been pursued when Congress assem-
bled in the month of December, I860, the
restoration of the States would long since have
been completed, I once again recominendthat
it be adopted by each House in preference to
legislation which I respectfully submit is not
only of at least doubtful constitutionality, and
therefore unwise and dangerous as a precedent,
but is unnecessary, not so effective in its opera-
tion as the mode prescribed by the Constitution,
involves the additional delay, aud from its
terms may be taken rather as applicable to a
Territory about to be admitted as one of the
United States than to a State which has occu-
pied a place in the Union for upward of a
quarter of a century.
The bill declares the State of Arkansas enti-
tled and admitted to representation in Congress
as one of the States of the Union upon the
following fundamental condition :
" That tlieconstitution of Arkansas shall never be so
amended or changed as to deprive any citizen orclass
ot citizens of the United States of the right to vote
who are entitled to vote by the constitution heiern
recognized, except as a punishment for such crimes
as arc now felonies at common law, whereof they
shall be dulv convicted under laws equally applica-
ble to all the inhabitants of said State; Provided,
That any alteration of said constitution, prospective
in its effect, may be made in regard to the time and
place of residence of voters."
I have been unable to find in the Constitution
of the United States any warrant for the exer-
cise of the authority thus claimed by Congress.
In assuming the power to impose a "funda-
mental condition" upon a State which has
been duly admitted into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States, in all respects
whatever, Congress asserts a right to enter a
State as it may a Territory, and to regulate the
highest prerogative of a free people—the elect-
ive franchise. This question is reserved by
the Constitution to the States themselves, and
to concede to Congress the power to regulate
this subject would be to reverse the funda-
mental principle of the Republic, and to place
in the hands ofthe Federal Government (which
is the creature of the States) the sovereignty
which justly belongs to the States or the peo-
ple, to the true source of all political power by
whom our Federal system was created, and to
whose will all is subordinate.
The bill fails to provide in what manner the
State of Arkansas is to signify its acceptance
of the " fundamental condition " which Con-
gress endeavors to make unalterable and irrev-
ocable. Nor does it prescribe the penalty to
be imposed should the people of the State
amend or change the particular portions of the
constitution which it is one of the purposes of
the bill to perpetuate, but leaves them in un-
certainty and doubt as to the consequences of
such action, when the circumstanccs under
which this constitution lias been brought to the
attention of Congress are considered. It is not
unreasonable to suppose that efforts will be
made to modify its provisions, and especially
those in respect to which this measure prohib-
its any alteration. It is seriously questioned
| whether the constitution has been ratified by a
I majority of the persons who, under the act of
1 March 2, 1807, and tbe acts supplementary
