1282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
much for this purpose this year, when $104,000
was appropriated last yearfor a similar ^purpose.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schesck] by decreasing the amount one
dollar.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order, as
there is already an amendment to an amend-
ment pending.
Mr. SCflENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. I desire, since the remarks
made by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blaine,] merely to say one word. His re-
marks were made upon another amendment,
but what I have to say will come in here just
as well. He said that I seemed to have a jeal-
ousy of and was always fighting the Military
Academy at West Point. Now, in answer to
that, I have this to say : I have been educated
and taught to fight tricks wherever I find them,
and when I see a trick palmed off on this
House, as was done in the bill which passed
here a year or so ago, and then when I see
another trick attempted here this morning, I
justify myself in any remarks I may see fit to
make, without asking any gentleman to be a
censor on what I may say.
This House passed a bill a year or more ago
in reference to the Army providing that bre-
vets might be given. Brevets were given by
the Secretary of War to volunteers and regu-
lars, side by side; some captains were made
major generals by brevet. As soon as the
Army bill passed what was the construction
placed on that law? It was that an officer in the
regular Army who received a brevet retained
his brevet rank and took position in accordance
therewith. But how was it with the volunteer?
The construction was that his brevet fell with
his volunteer commission, and that he stood as
before, outranked by these other officers with
their brevets.
Mr. SOHBNCK. Who gave that construc-
tion to the law?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not say who gave it;
but that was the construction given to the law,
and that is the construction to-day, and when
I .saw this proposition introduced here this
morning to cut the throats of all civilians that
might apply for commissions while this law
existed, I then, and only then, made the re-
marks I did in reference to West Point.
I have no prejudice against West Point. I
acknowledge, as much as anybody else does,
what West Pointers have done. But I protest
that neither West Point, nor Bast Point, nor
North Point, nor South Point, nor Maine
Point, nor any other point shall introduce a
trick of legislation in Congress. Nor, if I
happen to oppose it, do I admit that I shall
be liable to censure for that opposition. I say
that this is a trick of legislation which no man
expected, or had a right to expect, in this
appropriation bill.
And I say to the gentleman that when he
talks about consulting this man or that man I
have had independence enough, thank God,
since I have reached manhood, to have my
own views and iny own opinions, and to act
upon them without slipping into the office of
any one and asking him whether this or that
thing is right. And I say further that I am as
good a friend of General Grant as he is; and
I am as good a friend of Army officers as any
one. And I want gentlemen to stop their in-
sinuations that I am fighting the officers or
soldiers of our Army. But if certain gentle-
men in this country are going to control all the
legislation of Congress, then in God's name
let us refer all our legislation to them, and let
4hem tell us what they want to have (lone.
We have a Committee on Military Attairs, a
Committee on Appropriations, and various
other committees. But if we must pass legis-
lation of this kind, poked into this House from
day to day from some officer or bureau of the
Government, without any explanation or rea-
son given for it, just let us understand it. But
I say that'if you will look into it closely, and
get to the bottom of it, you will find that it is
for the benefit of a certain class in this country
to the exclusion of others.
We have had men in every Congress who
have been disposed to pet this institution, who
have almost gone on their knees to it, and who,
whenever any legislation in regard to the Army
has been proposed, have been ready to ask
those connected with or coming from the in-
stitution, " what shall we do in the name of
West Point?"
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Logan] speaks of
"tricks" in legislation. He is perfectly at
liberty to select his own expressions to char-
acterize the measures coming from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. Here is a direct,
explicit, double-leaded, plainly-printed pro-
viso, on which the sense of this House was
asked after deliberate debate. The gentleman
from Illinois starts off in a great deal of temper
about something which he says I attributed to
him.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the word "temper."
Mr. BLAINE. I say '• a great deal of tem-.
per." I never alluded to the gentleman as
having a jealousy toward West Point. Not at
all. I simply said that I thanked God that
while I had no-prejudice against West Point I
had no jealousy toward it. I have the charge
of this bill as the organ of the Committee on
Appropriations ; and the gentleman cannot,
no matter how much he may try or how much
temper he may exhibit, get mo into a quarrel
with him. The gentleman may, as a matter
of taste, apply to the Committee on Appropri-
ations just what phrases he pleases. They
apply to the whole committee as much as they
do to me personally; and I am quite sure that
I can take his indignation whenever he may
-choose to put it upon my innocent head.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. I hope that in the report
"laughter" will be inserted after the speech
of the gentleman from Maine. [Laughter.]
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. I renew the amendment.
I wish to say, after the exposition of the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] that this
proviso, as voted upon by the House, was writ-
ten at twelve o'clock to-day in the office of the
General of the Army of the United States, and
has been thence reported to the House, " ver-
batim, ct literatim, et punctuatim," that I, as
one member of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, do not propose to be made responsible
for it; I never saw it; it never was commu-
nicated to me or to the committee. Therefore
I do not take any portion of the praise or
abuse, the sneers or good nature which may
be bestowed upon the Committee on Appro-
priations in regard to this proviso. I was out
of the House when it was adopted; and I want,
as one member of the committee, wholly to
wash my hands of it.
I desire further to say that we have fallen on
evil times indeed when the Army of the Uni-
ted States is to be raised up or cut down at the
request or under the dictation of any officer
of the United States. The legislation for the
Army of the United States has been intrusted
to the Representatives of the people of the
United States; and the last man that ought to
influence the Representatives of the people as
to how large or how small our Army should
be kept, or how large or how small an appro-
priation should be madeforit, is theGeneral of
the Army of the United States. We should keep
distinct the civil and the military power ; and I
trust I may say thus much without any imputa-
tion of bad taste orbadfeeling toward any man.
Because, sir, we may have hereafter another
General of the Army of the United States;
and in good times with good men precedents
are set of which bad men in bad times always
take advantage ; and when we have a General
in whom everybody seems to have confidence
except those who have not, [laughter;] when
we have at the head of the Army a General in
whom everybody has confidence, and we defer
our opinions to his as to how much we shall
appropriate to the Army, how large an Army
we shall keep up, who shall be officers and
who shall not, we set a precedent which here-
after, in the change of a very few years, when
a strong and bad man is at the head of the
Army, may be fatal to the liberties of the coun-
try. The dictation to Congress by executive
officers, civil or military, is an evil which our
fathers were careful to guard against, by allow-
ing nobody—I repeat, allowing nobody—to
communicate his opinions to the House to give
it advice or instruction except the President
of the United States alone.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say, in reply to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler,] that I for one hope it-will
never be considered derogatory to the charac-
ter of the first officer of the Army of the.Uni-
tcd States to submit to Congress, as his right,
a recommendation for the reduction of our
military force.
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman will allow
me to ask him where in the Constitution of the
United States he finds the right of the General
of the Army of the United States to recom-
mend anything to this House?
Mr. BLAINE. I am not speaking about the
Constitution. If the General of the Army
were to ask for a larger military force, I can
very well imagine the House might at least be
sensitive; but when the General at the head
of the Army asks for a reduction of the mil-
itary force, I certainly can see no cause lor
sensibility and no cause whatever for alarm.
Mr. PILE rose.
Mr. BLAINE. I cannot yield. I move that,
the committee rise, to close debate on this para-
graph.
The motion was. agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the Chair, Mr. Wash-
buen, of Wisconsin, reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the special order
under consideration, being House bill No.
658, making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending June 30, 1869,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
pardon of counterfeiters.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting a report
of the Attorney General, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House of the "26th of November,
1867, requesting "a list of all pardons that
have been by him granted since the 14th day
of April, 18G5, to any person orpersotis charged
with, or convicted of, making or passing coun-
terfeit money, or having counterfeit money, or
tools or instruments for making the same in
his or their possession, or charged with or con-
victed of the crime of forging or criminally
altering papers, accounts, or other documents,
or of tile crime of perjury ; and that such list
be accompanied by a particular statement in
each case of the reasons or grounds of the par-
don, with a disclosure of the names of the per-
sons, if any, who recommended or advised the
same;" which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
russian america.
The_ SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a message from the
President, transmitting, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House of the 19th December last,
calling for correspondence and information in
relation to Russian America, reports of the
Secretary of State and the Secretary of the
Treasury; which were, on motion of Mr.
Basics, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
survey 03? pbnoisscot river.
The SPEAKER, byunanimousconsent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting, in com-
pliance with law, a report from the chief of
