1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2307
tiorij to make a decision which might take from
them a right possessed by them under the rules.
Au exu ruination of the J ournal, however, shows
that the recollection of the Chair was correct.
The Clerk will read from the Journal the action
of the House upon this subject on the 20th of
March.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Bout well, from the managers in the matter
of the impeachment of the President, (the rules hav-
ing been suspended for that purpose,) reported the
following resolution, which was read, considered,
and agreed to, namely:
" Rexolvcd,.That on the days when the Senate shall
sit for the trial of the President upon the articles of
impeachment exhibited by the House of Represent-
atives the House, in Committee of the Whole, will
attend with the managers tit the bar of the Senate at
the hour named tor the commencement of the pro-
ceedings. "
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that, the
Senate having fixed eleven o'clock a. m. as the
hoar at which the trial shall daily commence^
the hour of meeting of the House is, under
the resolution just read, (which was adopted
under a suspension of the rules,) changed to
eleven o'clock a. m. so long as the Senate may
meet at that hour for the continuation of the
trial, unless the order of the House should be
rescinded, which can only be done when a
quorum is present.
Mr. GAlihTELD. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at three o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. MYERS : Thepetition of Elizabeth
Morton, mother of Corporal William H. Mor-
ton, late of company B, twenty-fifth New York
volunteers, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Rose O'Connor, guard-
ian of minor children of Edward Corrigan, de-
ceased, for arrears of pension.
Also, a memorial of the Drug Exchange of
Philadelphia, for a reduction of the tax on
distilled spirits to fifty cents per gallon.
Also, the petition of the principal producers
and manufacturers of American sumac, ask-
ing a change from the present ad valorem duty
on foreign sumac to a specific duty of one cent
per pound.
By Mr. POLSLEY: The petition of Dr.
Baldwin, of Monroe county, West Virginia,
for removal of political disabilities.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 20, 18G8.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gbay, D. D.
IMPEACHMENT OF TIIE PRESIDENT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore called the
Senate to order and at once vacated the chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Justice.
The Senate sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment having adjourned,
The President,^™ tempore resumed the chair
at one o'clock and ten minutes p. m.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and, on motion of Mr. GRIMES, the
Senate adjourned till Wednesday at eleven
o'clock.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 20, 1868.
The House met at eleven o'clocka. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The reading of the Journal of Saturday's
proceedings was, by unanimous consent, dis-
pensed with.
leave of absence.
Mr. Cornell, Mr. Babnum, Mr. Thomas,
Mr. Churchill, and Mr. Stevens, of New
Hampshire, were granted indefinite leave of
absence.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. HARDING, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, That the
Secretary ot the Treasury is hereby instructed to
communicate to this House the names of all persons
who have applied for appointments in his Depart-
ment, the office applied for, and the name of any
member of Congress recommending the same in any
wa.y, and in what cases (if any) the appointment has
been directed by the order of thePresident.orbyhis
Secretary, since the 20th day of February, 1868.
ORDElt OF BUSINESS.
Mr.WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I give notice that when the House returns from
the Senate this afternoon I shall move to take
up and pass Senate bill No. 4G2, making appro-
priations for the expenses of the trial of the
impeachment of Andrew Johnson, President
of the United States, and other contingent
expenses of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair also desires to
give notice, as the session of the Senate may
not be lengthy to-day, that business may be
expected on the return of the House. There
will be a report from the Committee on Print-
ing in regard to the number of copies to be
ordered to be printed of the impeachment pro-
ceedings, as the Congressional Printer desires
to know, while the type is standing, what the
wish of the House may be.
SABINE.
Mr. STARKWEATHER.^ I ask unanimous
consent to submit the following preamble and
resolution:
Whereas the Secretary of the Navy, on the appli-
cation of certain persms not olticially connected
with the administration of the Navy Department,
recently caused the Sabine, a vessel belonging to the
United States Navy, to be detained lor several days
in the harbor of New London, alter said vessel had
been ordered out of commission and away from saul
harbor of New London, at an expense of muio than
twenty thousand dollars and to the prejudice of the
public service; Therefore,
lie it revolved. That the Secretary of the Navy b"
directed to communicate to this House the number of
days said vesselwas detained, and the reason of said
detention: the number of men connected with said
vessel, and the daily and aggregate expense of said
vessel and men while thus detained; also to com-
municate the entire correspondence that passed be-
tween the Navy Department and lion. Frederick L.
Allen, lion. James Dixon, the Democratic commit-
tee of New London, and any other person or persons
in regard to this subject, together with a copy of the
" descriptive list" ot said vessel now in the possession
ot the Navy Department, a copy of all ot the orders
of said Department on this subject, and also a. copy
of all letters and telegrams sent and received in re-
lation to the same; also a copy of any letter or letters
or telegrams relating to this subject exhibited by any
person or persons asking for the detention of said
vessel for partisan or political purposes, or for other
reasons; also to communicate to this House what
representations, verbal or otherwise, were made on
this subject.
Mr. NIBLACK. I object.
Mr. WAS1IBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman from Connecticut will move to
suspend the rules on the return of the House.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will.
impeachment op the president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of eleven o'clock
having arrived, the House will now resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole, according
to order, to proceed to the bar of the Senate,
following the managers and preceded by the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole, who
will be attended by the Clerk and acting Door-
keeper.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, in obedience to the order,
and proceeded to the bar of the Senate.
At one o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m. the j
Committee of the Whole returned to the Hall, j
and the Speaker having resumed the chair, |
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the ]
following report: The Committee of the Whole I
have, accordingto order, attended the managers j
to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court of ;
impeachment for the trial of Andrew Johnson; i
progress has been made in the trial, and the [
Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment, has j
adjourned until next Wednesday at eleven j
o'clock a. m. I
The SPEAKER. In consequence of the
adjournment of the Senate, sitting for the trial
ot the President of the United States until
W ednesday next, the House will meet to-mor-
row at twelve o clock m., for the transaction
of its ordinary business. While the House was
in the Senate the morning hour expired; but if
there be no objection, this being Monday, the
States and Territories will be called for bills
and resolutions for reference only, and not to
be brought back by a motion to reconsider.
There was no objection.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to know if the
order of the House does not operate upon its
action to-day, and whether any notice of busi-
ness was given?
The SPEAKER. It was given by the Chair
and also by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburne. ]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Iwas not inatthotime.
The SPEAKER. Notice was given that
business would be transacted, and the nature
of some of the business was stated.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I know that, many gen-
tlemen are absent with the expectation that
nothing would be done.
The SPEAKER. Notice was given by the
Chair that business would be done, and the
Chair stated that the Committee on Printing
desire to report on the proposition to print a
certain number of copies of all the impeach-
ment proceedings, including the speeches on
both sides and the evidence.
The SPEAKER then proceeded with the call
of the States and Territories.
CLAIMS OF BRITISH CITIZENS.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of provid-
ing by law that no claims of British citizens for the
proceeds of captured and abandoned property shall
be allowed by the Court, of Claims or any executive
depa rtment of the Government of the United States
until the claims of citizens of the United States lor
spoliations committed by rebel cruisers fitted out by
British citizens or in British ports shall be adjusted
and provision made for their payment; and that said
committee hiive leave to lepoit by bill or otherwise.
SAFETY OF RAILROAD PASSENGERS.
Mr. MOOUHEAD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Whereas the late loss of life and injury to persons
by recent railroad accidents and the destruction of
the cars by fireeall loudly for a remedy: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be re-
quested to inquire into the power and authority of
Congress to make regulations in relation thereto, and
if such power exists, then the propriety of having a
Government inspection of the rails and other ma-
terials used in the construction of railroads, and of
substituting iron for wood in the the construction of
all ears used for carrying passengers and mails.
NAVIGATION OF THE TENNESSEE RIVER.
Mr. MAYNARD presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Tennessee,
in relation to the navigation of the Tennessee
river; which were referred to the Committee on.
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
FLEET OFFICERS OF THE NAVY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1018) to amend certain acts
relating to the appointment of fleet officers of
the Navy: which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
IIEXItY IvOLB.
Mr. PAINE introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 252) providing for the admission
of Henry Kolb to the Soldiers' Home ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
1SENITTER liOBINSOX.
TMr. ANDERSON^ introduced a bill (II. R,
No. 1019j for the relief of Benitter Robinson;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
SALE OF INDIAN LANDS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
