1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3831
thereto, were entitled to registration and to
vote upon that issue. Section ten of the sched-
ule provides that—
"No person disqualified from voting or registering
under this constitution shall vote for candidates for
any office, nor shall be permitted to vote lor the rat-
ification or rejection of the constitution at the polls
herein authorized."
Assumed to be in force before its adoption,
in disregard of the law of Congress, the con-
stitution undertakes to impose ufion the elector
other and further conditions. The fifth sec-
tion of the eighth article provides that "all
persons, before registering or voting," must
take and subscribe an oath which, among
others, contains the following clause;
" That I accept the civil and political equality of
all men, and agree not to attempt to deprive any
person or persons, on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition, of any political or civil right, privi-
lege, or immunity enjoyed by any other class of men."
It is well known that a very large portion of
the electors in all the States, if not a large
majority of all of them, do not believe in or
accept the political equality of Indians, Mon-
golians, or negroes with the race to which they
belong. If the voters of many of the States of
the North and West were required to take such
an oath as a test of their qualification, there
is reason to believe that a majority of them
would remain from the polls rather than coin-
ply with its degrading conditions.
How far and to what extent this test-oath
prevented the registration of those who were
qualified under the laws of Congress, it is not
possible to know; but that such was its effect,
at least sufficient to overcome them all and give
a doubtful majority in favor of this constitution,
there can be 110 reasonable doubt.
Should the people of Arkansas, therefore,
desiring to regulate the elective franchise so as
to make it conform to the constitutions ofa
large proportion of the States of the North and
West, modify the provisions referred to in the
"fundamental condition," what is to be the
consequence? Is it intended that a denial ot
representation shall follow ? And if so, may
we not dread, at some future day, a recurrence
of the troubles wliieh have so long agitated the
country ? Would it not be the part of wisdom
to take for our guide the Federal Constitution,
rather than resort to measures which, looking
only to the present, may in a few years renew,
in an aggravated form, the strife and bitterness
caused by legislation which has pioved to be
ill-timed and unfortunate?
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, June, '20, 1808.
The SPEAKER. The question under the
Constitution is, Will the House, on reconsid-
eration, agree to the passage of this bill?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
the previous question on that.
Mr. ROBINSON. Is not the privileged
question which has been up, the contested-
election case, the matter now in order, and
can we not insist on going on with that question?
The SPEAKER. As the Constitution is
higher in authority with the House than the
rules, this question is higher in authority than
the question which the House has been con-
sidering—the contested-election ease.
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not remember that
part of the Constitution, sir.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will
read the Constitution and the rules of the
House together he will find that the Chair is
C°Mi'C STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It would
be very well for the gentleman to begin and
read it through.
The SPEAKER. The rule can be found on
page 188 of the Digest.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object
to its being read. Let the gentleman read it
1UThe SPEAKER. This is a privileged ques-
tion under the Constitution, which is higher
in authority than the rules of the House.
The previous question was seconded and the
main Question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Constitution requires
that this question shall be taken by yeas and ;
nays. 1
The question was then taken ; and there
were—yeas 111, nays 81, not voting 48; as
follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Dcloslt.
Ashley, Bailey, Banks, Beaman. Beatty, Benjamin,
Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutweil, Buckland,
Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarice, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cullom,
Delano, Donnelly, Dnggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela,
Ehot, Earnsworth, i'orns?, Ferry, Fields, Garfield,
Griswold, Harding, Hawititis, Higby, Hill, Hooper,
Chester 1). .Hubbard, llulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Judd, Jul ian, Keisey, Ivetcham, George V. Lawrcnce,
Lincoln, Loan, Logan. Loughridge, Lynch, Malloiy,
Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, JVleClurg, Mercur,
Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins, Neweomb,
O'Neill, Paine, Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants, P<*land,
Polsley, Pomeroy, Pi ice, liobei tson, Sawyer, Schcnck,
Soofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Aaron E. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stewart, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, John Trimble, Trow-
bridge, TwicheH, Upson, Van Aornam, \ an Vvyck,
Ward, Oadwalader (J. Wasliburu, Henry I). Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, William Wil-
liams, James Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wiudom,
Woodbridge, and the Speaker—111.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Arehcr. Axtcll, Beck,
Boyer, Brooks, Gary, iSldndge, Fox, tfet/., Glossbren-
lier, Uoiladay, Grover, Haight, llolman, Hotchkiss,
Johnson, Jones, Kerr. Knott,McConnick, Morriasey,
Mungen, Niblaek, Pruyn, Robinson, Sitgreaves,
Taber, Lawrence B. Trimble, Van Trump, audWood-
TfOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Barnes, Barimm, Bromwell,Broom-
all, Burr, Cbanlei, Dawes, Dixon, Dodse. iinney.
Gravely, Halsey, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, llunter, Kelley,
Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, William Lawrence, Mar-
shall, McCulloufth. Miller, Myers. Nicholson, Jjuun,
Orth, Perham, Phelps. Randall, Raum, Ross, belye,
Stone, Thomas, Va.n Auken, Burt, \an Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, Thomas Wil-
liams, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood—48.
During the call of the roll the following
announcements were made :
Mr. GETZ. 1 desire to state that my col-
league, Mr. Randall, is paired with my col-
leagues, Mr. Myers and Mr. Stephen F. Wil-
son.
Mr. KOONTZ. I desire to state that I am
paired with Mr. McCullough, of Maryland, on
this question. If I voted I would vote in the
affirmative.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My colleague, Mr. Van
Hons of Missouri, is detained from the House
by sickness. If he were present he would
vote in the affirmative.
Mr. WARD. My colleague, Mr. Van Horn
of New York, is detained from the House, ior
what reason I cannot tell. If he were present
I have no doubt he would vote ay.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Illinois, Mr. Burr, is paired with my colleague
Mr. Hopkins. I think Mr. Burr would vote
against this bill; and I think very likely my
colleague, Mr. Hopkins, would vote the other
way.
Mr. RAUM. My colleague, Mr. Marshall,
is absent by leave of the House._ Before leav-
ing I paired with him on this bill. He would
be against the bill and I for it.
Mr. ROBINSON. My colleague,Mr. Barnes,
is absent on leave. He would vote against
this bill if he were here.
Mr. BOYER. My colleague, Mr. Van
Aukex. is absent on leave. If he were present
he would vote against this bill.
After the conclusion of the call of the roll,
The SPEAKER said: On the question,
" Will the House on reconsideration agree to
the passage of an act to admit the State of
Arkansas to representation in Congress? " the
yeas are 111, and the nays 81. Two thirds
having voted in the affirmative, the bill has
again passed the House,and will be transmitted,
with the message of the President, to the ben-
ate for their reconsideration.
Mr. ROBINSON. Is it in order now to
move a reconsideration ot the vote just passed .
The SPEAKER. It is not, according to the
Digest.
Mr. ROBrNSON. As I was put down by
the Constitution, I do not want to be now put
down by the Digest.
The SPEAKER. The rule, to be found on
page 188 of the Digest, is as follows :
i "A vote on the passage of a, vetoed bill cannot bo
I reconsidered."
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] is
now entitled to the floor.
Mr. ROBINSON. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment to make an explanation ?
_ Mr. COOK. I cannot yield for any explana-
tion.
COVINGTON AND OHIO ItATLIiOAD.
Mr. POLSLEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment to introduce a bill for
reference ?
Mr. COOK. Certainly.
Mr. POLSLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 1282) relating to
the Covington and Ohio railroad, and its estab-
lishment as a post route and military roijd of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
Mr. POLSLEY. I ask that the bill,with the
accompanying memorial, be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
election contest m'kise vs. young.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the contested-election case of McKee vs.
Young, ninth congressional district of Ken-
tucky ; on which Mr. Cook was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. COOK. I was in error in saying that
the evidence shows that Mr. Young himself
took this gun to the rebel rendezvous ; but the
evidence is that the gun was there ; that there
Young assumed to control it; that he pointed
it out to Ewing; told him it was a good gun,
and that he must take care of it; that Ewing
took the gun with him into the rebel army, and
was never asked for it afterward ; and the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] was in
error in saying that there was no proof that
Ewing was in the rebel army. He stated him-
self :
"land my two brothers were in the confederate
army. I took care ot the gun for three or four
weeks, and then, when 1 was coming home, I gave it
to a cousin of mine in the army, and X think ho sold
it. I afterward wont back to the army and stayed till
the surrender."
Now, sir, the proof is that at this encamp-
ment where men were being enlisted for the
rebel army there was a minie rifle over which
Mr. Young exercised control. Mr. Ewing
took charge of the gun; he took it and kept
it. Under all these circumstances it is per-
fectly apparent that this gun was furnished by
Mr. Young for the rebellion to supply a need
in the rebel camp for offensive weapons.
I pass now t,o refer to the pointing out to a
squad of rebel cavalry where a Union soldier
might be captured. The only question that
can be raised is as to the identity of the man
who pointed out the house where a Union sol-
dier was to the rebel squad. The witness tes-
tifies that when they came into the town of
Owingsville, the place of Judge Young's resi-
dence, this man met them there. The witness
says that he pointed out the house where the
Union soldier was, and he told the rebel sol-
diers to go for him. Some time afterward he
was seen by the witness in court and recog-
nized by him. The question of identity is the
most material one on this point, and it being
in the power of Judge Young when the com-
mittee was in Kentucky to present himself
before this witness and ask whether he was the
man or not, and not having done so, it seems
to me that the proof is conclusive that it was
Judge Young who pointed out this house where
this Union soldier was captured.
I pass now from this point and this resolu-
tion. If the rule adopted by the House is not
to be reversed, that any man who by act or
j speech gave aid and comfort to the rebellion,
! and under such circumstances as to show it
I was designed to give aid and encouragement
I to the rebellion, shall not be entitled to take a
! seat upon this floor, it that rule is not to be
: done away with and the decision, then I ^
i it certain that this first resolution reported by
i the committee must be adopted. _
i J now come to the other resolutions. 1 p
| aware there may be honest difference of opm-
I ion as to the conclusions to which the commit-
