1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4355
amendment, but I mean to say that the strong
point in its favor which lies at the threshold in
my estimation is the imperfection, the misfor-
tune, as 1 conceive, of the measure in lieu of
which he offers it. The Senatehasadopted a pro-
vision which I have before me, and w Inch, among
other things, provides that in all cases what-
soever, be their history or circumstance what
they may, of the detention of a citizen by a for-
eign Power despite a demand of the American
Executive, it shall be his duty, all discretion
being dispensed with, to suspend all diplomatic
relations with the Power thus refusing. There
are various criticisms to be made upon this. One
general criticism which may be made is by sup-
posing for a moment sucli an act as that to stand
upon a British statute-book, putting away that
feeling of distrust and disquiet, which in spite
of us enters the minds of all, growing out of the
want of confidence felt in the present Execu-
tive of this country, and looking atthismeasure
as a permanent one, to stand under future
Administrations, I ask Senators to consider
how it would be regarded if it were the act of
the British Parliament, if the ministry of Eng-
land were not only clothed with power, but
specifically directed in all cases, under all cir-
cumstances, however variant they might be,
to suspend diplomatic relations at once with
any and every foreign Power between whom
and Great Britain a certain question might
arise.
Mr. President, not to dwell upon it, I think
I may say that, viewed in the light of states-
manship and public policy, such a statute
would be received with the derision of all
Europe; and why? Because it is the absorp-
tion of purely administrative discretion, be-
cause it is an attempt to compass an impos-
sibility, to make provision beforehand for
questions which have not arisen, upon facts
which cannot be foreseen, and to have that
provision uniform, alike in all cases. I will
not detain the Senate with any disquisition upon
what I conceive to be the fallacy generally of
such a proposition, but I wish to ask attention
in the interest of this measure to one single
objection.
The proposition is that upon a citizen or cit-
izens being detained in a foreign country, and
a demand for their release and a refusal to
comply with that demand having occurred, the
President shall at once suspend diplomatic
relations. I call the attention of the Senator
from Michigan to the fact that the amendment
is not, as lie supposed, one giving discretion
to the President to do that, but containing this
language:
"It_shall be the duty of tlie President to withdraw
the diplomatic representative of the United States
from such foreign Government, and lo refuse to hold
further diplomatic correspondence with any repre-
sentative of such Government until/' <fce.
Now, Mr. President, look at this one moment
in the interest of any citizen who may be thus
detained. Is there any moment when the in-
terest of a citizen, native or adopted, detained
in a foreign country, requires so much as that
interest requires at the time of his detention, a
representative of his Government to whom he
can appeal ? I submit it is the occasion of all
others, looking to the interests of a citizen
detained abroad, when you do wanta diplomatic
representative there to negotiate for him, on
liis behalf, and for his release, and yet here is
a proposition that instantly, withoutgiving the
President a discretion by which he can wait
a day or two until dispatches might pass by
cable and ascertain whether leaving the diplo-
matic representative there might not be the ,,
very instrumentality by which release could be
obtained, without leaving even that measure
of discretion to him, we provide that, hit or
miss, wise or otherwise, he shall at once sunder
all diplomatic relations by withdrawing our
minister and compelling the minister of that
Government here to demand his passports so
that both countries shall be mute and isolated
from each other.
Mr. HOWARD._ The Senator from New
York will observe, if he looks into the amend-
ment carefully, that this cessation of diplo-
matic intercourse cannot take place, according
to the provisions of the amendment, until after
the foreign Government has either actually
refused to comply with our demand, or until
after it shall have unreasonably delayed a com-
pliance ; so that the language does not tie the
President up so closely and unconditionally as
the Senator seems to suppose. There would
be, as a matter of course, abundant time for
further negotiation unless the foreign Govern-
ment makes a positive refusal to comply, and
then I submit to the Senate in such a case as
that, after a demand from the United States
has been formally made and formally refused,
whether it is becoming our Government for
the future to hold diplomatic intercourse with
the recusant Government?
Mr. CONKLING. I differ entirely with the
Senator, and 1 base my argument upon the
precise point which he thinks vindicates this
proposition. Now, let me beg the attention
of Senators, for one moment to this point, for
it is a very simple one: "and in case of the
refusal." I stop just there; I want nothing
further objectionable in the amendment upon
which to base my proposition. Upon the re-
fusal to surrender, it shall be the duty of the
President to withdraw the diplomatic repre-
sentative. Consider, Mr. President, the oper-
ation of that provision. A citizen has been
detained in Dublin, and a statement comes
here by cable of the facts. The President
makes a demand that he shall be released.
Upon'the case, as then understood, he is met
by a flat refusal. The British Government say,
" No,we decline and refuse to release this man;
we hold him as a culprit charged under our laws,
and we mean to try him." What is to follow
that? What, in the ordinary course of human
transactions and of wisdom, would follow?
One would think the first step on the part of
the friends of the person detained and his Gov-
ernment would be to institute an inquiry to see
whether some other person might not be the
one charged ; whether, from a similarity of
names or description, some mistake had not
occurred; or whether, although a prima facie
ease might exist, it might not turn out upon
investigation that this refusal might be with-
drawn, and that the two Governments might
meet in assent. But in lieu of that, by this
provision, it would be the unbending duty of
the Executive instantly to require our repre-
sentative to demand his passports and return
home, and, at the same time, to dismiss the
representative of the British Government here.
I pass over the extraordinary character of
this legislation ; 1 pass over the criticism to
which, for general reasons, it might be subject;
and I ask, as a practical proposition looking
solely to the interests of citizens abroad in im-
prisonment, whether it is wise first of all to de-
prive them of the instrumentality of all others
which, in all human probability, they need ? It
seems to me that in place of a provision with-
drawing diplomaticrepresentatives, apro vision
which would enable the President to increase
them, to send rather a special embassador, or an
embassy ofsomo kind to negotiate for the release
of American citizens would be a far more
friendly and a far more effectual line of legis-
lation.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that this pro-
vision, if it could be carried into a law, would
have no effect so certain as an effect injurious
to the rights of those whom we really wish to
protect; and, therefore, such a proposition as
was offered by the honorable Senator from
Connecticut, or the proposition as it stood upon
the motion of the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, in my eye is far more beneficial; not
because it is weaker, notbecause it is expressed
with bated breath, not because it is toned down
into a heartless one of zeal and vigor, but
because, if I put myself in the supposed posi-
tion of one detained in a foreign country, I
would infinitely rather rely upon a discreet
exercise of all the powers which may be con-
ferred upon the Executive than to depend upon
the fortune of one single expedient. 'Without
this and with the bill as it stood, what should
we have in general on this subject ? We should
have an act not only declaring to the nations
of the world our determination to maintain in
all instances and in all countries the rights and
immunities of American citizens, home born
and foreign born alike, but a legislative injunc-
tion laying upon the Executive the command
of Congress that all the powers; every prerog-
ative that he can wield under the Constitution
and laws of the country, should be exerted in
the case of the humblest citizen who might be
detained anywhere upon any pretext.
If you assume that we are to have a dishon-
est, an imbecile, a rash, a guilty.Executive, I
aamit that the practical argument is very strong
against trusting this or any other matter to his
discretion ; and if we were legislating merely
during the brief term of the present Execu-
tive, I have no hesitation in saying that any
measure committing to him a discretion which
might be withheld, and. which was liable to
abuse, might not be, in my judgment, alto-
gether indefensible and unwise. If the present
Executive was to administer a law like this
jjermanently, or if a successor following in his
footsteps and resembling him in public charac-
ter were to administer it, I admit, without an
argument, that that fact would exert a con-
trolling influence with me as to the measure
of discretion that I should confide and as to
the power that I would commit to him. But
we are making a statute to stand permanently,
to be administered presently by an Executive
in whom a majority of the members of this
body have confidence, and to be administered
in the far future, we have a right to believe, by
those who will have regard to the spirit, the
genius, and the duties which are elements in
this case. Looking to that, I confess I would
infinitely rather trust to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Connecticut, liable as it
may be to the criticism made by the Senator
from Indiana, that acts amounting to causes
of war might be done under it, and criticised
on the other hand, as it has been, as lacking
vigor, as being empty of power, than to com-
mit myself and the rights of American citi-
zens to a fixed rule of this sort, which I con-
ceive would work injuriously in a majority of
instances, and which, as an act to be done at
once without preliminaries except those pro-
vided here, I believe would be unwise in all
cases.
With or without the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, except for this pro-
vision offered by the Senator from Michigan,
the President of the United States has the
power to suspend diplomatic relations, and that
power as it stands now is tempered only by a
discretion. The change here is to make it ab-
solute, to prejudge for ourselves upon all cases
likely to arise in the future that when a certain
stage arrives in the negotiations relationship
shall be sundered. Can there be, 1 submit to
the honorable Senator who offered this provis-
ion, one argument for that except want of con-
fidence in the executive government? If he
believes a sound discretion would be exercised,
then in theory of law that discretion would con-
cur with the judgment which we should form
upon the given case stated; but the amendment
presupposes that we cannot trust now or in the
future any discretion as a concomitant of this
power. We must leave the executive authority
to suspend diplomatic relations, and take from
it all capacity to judge whether the power shall
be exercised or not, and at what time that ex-
ercise shall take place.
Now. sir, I trust as a friend of this measure,
and as one willing to vote for the strongest
provision which can be defended upon prin-
ciples of sound policy, the provision most
likely to work out the vindication everywhere
of American citizens, be they home born or
adopted, that the amendment of the Senator
from Connecticut will be adopted. A great
mistake will be made if it is assumed on either
side that those who are not able to go tor every
