1284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
Mr. DOBGE. I raise the point of order
that the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] is independent- legisla-
tion, and therefore out of order in this appro-
priation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point or order.
Mr. BLAINE. I can only say to the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Dough] that by his
point of order he is keeping neatly two mil-
lion dollars out of the Treasury.
Mr. DODGE. I also raise the point of
order that the proviso in the pending para-
graph is independent legislation, and not in
order in this appropriation bill. That pro-
viso is as follows:
Provided, That all sums that have aecrticd to the
credit of the medical and hospital department from
the sale of medical and hospital stores, or from any
other source, are hereby covered into the Treasury.
Mr. BLAINE. I raise the point of order
on the gentleman that he is too late, having
waited until I had offered an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,J and rules that the proviso
is in order.
. Mr. BLAINE. Yery well.
. Mr. SCHENCK. May I be allowed to in-
quire whether the effect of this proviso will
not be to change the law which now covers
unexpended balances of appropriations into
the Treasury at the end of two years?
Mr. BLAINE. This is not an unexpended
balance.
, Mr. SCHENCK. It will be.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
For expenses of the signal service of the Army,
$5,000.
Mr. WOOD. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Blaine] what necessity
there is for this appropriation for the signal
service of the Army ?
Mr. BLAINE. I will say that the amount
asked for was $27,000, which the Committee on
Appropriations considered to be too large. But
merely to keep up the establishment; to keep
the signal ball in motion, so to speak, the com-
njittee thought the sum here appropriated none
too much.
Mr. WASHBURNE of Illinois. I ask to
have read a letter from the chief signal officer,
which I send up to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office op the Chief Signal Officer,
Washington, D. (J., February 18,1868.
General: I beg to represent to you, with the view
of bringing the subject before the committee, the ne-
cessity for the appropriation forthe two clerks in this
office. These clerks have been in this office ever
since it was established, and their duties have been
most onerous. They now have the experience
which cannot be given now clerks in a year of prac-
tice, and they are thoroughly reliable.
One of these clerks is the accounting clerk, before
whom all accounts pass. These are tor the issues,
under your orders, of equipments and apparatus
to the whole Army, to each company post, and to
West Point. There will bo for the ensuing year over
nine hundred separate accounts; and the United
States may lose, if there is anincompetentclerk, more
in one day than the whole of his salary for a year.
The correspondence clerk bas had charge of the
records of the office since it was established, and
knows the history of almost every correspondence.
This correspondence is extensive: it relates often to
those who have served in the past war, and it needs
the memory of one who was then serving that it may
be rightly conducted. The actual daily correspond-
ence of the office wilt require the constant labor of
one man to record it and keep the books as they
ou"ht to be for the protection of the united fetates.
I judge, iiom the Globe, that this appropriation
($2800) was stricken out because there was no one in
the House informed as to its necessity, and I hone
the estimate may bepermittcd to rcma.n. Itcanno t be
lost without seriously embarrassing the duties ot this
office under your ordeis. T
1 am disposed to reduce every expenditure I can,
but this is not real economy.
I have the honor to be, General, very respectlully
your Obedient servant, ALBI?RT j. MyB?,
Mrevet Brigadier Gc-nral and Ukicf ticgnal Qjjicer of
th&Army.
General II. S. Grant, Commanding Army l/nitedStates,
Indorsement by General Grant.
The statement herein of Brevet Brigadier General
A. J. Myer is approved. ^ ,
' - • tT, S. GRANT, Qenemi,
Febrncuii IS, 1868.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The paragraph was read commencing as
follows .*
For general and incidental expenses of the quarter-
master's department, consisting of postage on letters
and packets received and sent by officers of the Army
on public service; expenses of courts-martial, mili-
tary commissions, and courts of inquiry, including
the additional compensation of judge advocates, re-
corders, members, and witnesses whUeonthatservice*
under the act of March 16,1862; extra pay to soldiers
employed under the direction of the quartermaster's
department in the erection of barracks, quarters,
storehouses, and hospitals, in the construction of
roads, and other eonstantlaborforpcriodsofnotless
than ten days, under the acts of March 2, 1819, and
August 4,1854, including those employed as clerks at
division and department headquarters, &c.
Mr. DODGE. I move to amend the para-
graph by striking out after the words u August
4, 1854/' the words "including those em-
ployed as clerks at division and department
headquarters." I see no necessity for the em-
ployment of civilians at division and depart-
ment headquarters while we have plenty of
soldiers competent to perform the duty. They
performed the duty for the whole Army during
the war, and they can do so now.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the following:
For the ordnance scrvice, required to defray the
current expenses at the arsenals of receiving stores
and issuing arms and other ordnance supplies; of
police and office duties; of^rcnts, tolls, fuel, and
lights; of stationery and ofaco furniture: of tools
and instruments foruso; of public animals, forage,
and vehicles; incidental expenses of the ordnance
service, including those attending practical trials
and te^ts of ordnnnec, small arms, and other ord-
nance supplies, $200,000.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move to amend by
adding to the paragraph just read the follow-
ing:
Provided, That no money appropriated by this act
shall be used to pay lor any new cannon or small
arms.
Several Members. That is all right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEIjYE. I move to amend the pend-
ing paragraph by ytiiking out "two" and in-
serting "one," so as to make the appropria-
tion s100,000. I find, by referring to the
estimated balances of appropriations for the
year ending June 30, 1808, that the balance
of appropriations for the War Department is
$82,000,000. Now, I wish to know what it is
proposed to do with that money. Does any
gentleman know anything about it? I do not
believe that the people will sustain this House
in appropriating at this time $33,000,000 for
the Army when the report of the Secretary of
War shows that the War Department has a
balance of $82,000,000 on hand.
Mr. Chairman, in days gone by it was said
by a very distinguished gentleman that the
further you remove power from the people the
better. Sir, that principle might do in those
days, but it will not do at this time. Why
would it do then? Simply because the Gov-
ernment did not depend directly upon the peo-
ple for money. Its revenue ivas derived prin-
cipally from customs and duties; there was no
direct taxation. Now, we are obliged to call
upon the people to pay these appropriations,
and they will not respond unless we show a
fair hand. I would like to have some member
of the committee inform mo, or rather inform
the people—for I caro nothing about it on my
own account—what the War Department is to
do with these $82,000,000.
Mr. BLAINE. A very large portion will, no
donbt, go to the payment of bounties under
existing laws.
Mr. SELYE. Do we appropriate for that in
this bill?
Mr. BLAINE. No, sir; and in regard to
the particular amendment which the gentleman
has offered I desire to say that any gentleman
who will examine the subject will find that the
appropriations for the ordnance service are cut
down to an exceedingly low figure. There is
certainly no room for reducing them a single
dollar. I hope, therefore, the amendment will
not be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk, resuming the reading of the bifl,
read the following:
For purchasing throe acrcs of land adjoining Fed-
eral Sctuare, at Springfield armory, S3,000.
Mr. VAN WYOK. I move to amend by
striking out the paragraph just read. I make
this motion for the purpose of obtaining an
explanation of the necessity of purchasing this
land adjoining Springfield armory. It may be
all right, but I would like to understand th®
necessity for the purchase at this time.
Mr. BLAINE. I will tell the gentleman.
Adjoining the armory grounds at Springfield,
Massachusetts, there is an exceedingly valua-
ble piece of land, about three acres in extent,
which the Government has long been desirous
of obtaining. It is now offered for what is at
this day a very low price for land in that city—-
$1,000 an acre for the three acres. What
renders the land particularly desirable to tlia
Government is the fact that there ia. upon it a
valuable supply of water. This ground is con-
sidered very essential to the completeness of
that armory. The Government is now direct-
ing its energies to the establishment of one
great armory in the East and another equally
great, or perhaps greater, in the West; and for
the latter very liberal appropriations are pro-
posed in the very next paragraph of the bill.
It is hoped that the appropriation embraced in
the pending paragraph, which is very reasona-
ble in amount, will be granted.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For arsenal and armory at Rock Island, Illinois,
$3X0,000: Provided, That 880,000 of said sum shall
be devoted to the development of the water power
to Garry out existing contracts.
Mr. BOUTWELL. How much has been
expended on this Rock Island armory and
arsenal?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. %t half
as much as for that at Springfield.
Mr. WELKER. I would ask the gentleman
having charge of this bill what water power it
is that the Government undertakes to develop at
liock Island? What is it that will cost $80,000?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The water
power is the whole Mississippi river so as to
earry on the works of this armory and arsenal.
It is done under a special contract with the
Government.
Mr. VAN WYCK. That is a big thing. I
move to strike out the last word of the para-
graph, so as to get a chance to be heard. Will
the gentleman from Maine tell me how much
has been appropriated for this Rock Island
armory and arsenal previously?
Mr. BLAINE. Six hundred and eighty-six
thousand dollars.
Mr. VAN WYCK. And now we propose to
appropriate $380,000 more, over a million
dollars in all. We have spent S750.000 there
already, and I think it is about time to stop. It
is not necessary, I take it, that we should ap-
propriate nearly half a million now to con-
tinue this Rock Island arsenal. It is not ne-
cessary to continue the construction of these
arsenals anywhere in the country at this time.
And, sir, those who manage the building of
the Rock Island arsenal are rather expensive.
Ten thousand dollars is not a modest sum to
ask for a clock to be put up at Rock Island.
It is time, sir, in the midst of these extrava-
gant expenditures, that the American Congress
should stop when $7o0,000 have been spent on
this Rock Island arsenal. How much more is
to be spent we know not.
Will it do any harm to suspend work there
for a year? I think not. Will it do any harm
to stop farther appropriations for one year for
any ot these arsenals throughout the country?
i think not. ^ Will it not be better to let the
people rest from taxation for a year? Will it
not be better to let the people see there is,
at least, some sincere effort on the pare of
Congress to resist any further pressure of tax-
ation upon them? _ The arsenals hi New York,
in Massachusetts, in Illinois, will not suffer in-
jury by waiting for a year. Neither will the
