1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1285'
interests of the country be put in jeopardy by
suspending this work. I think that the House
should stop making appropriations for works
that will not suffer injury by this suspension for
a year. I am opposed to the people's money
being taken from the Treasury and so lavishly
scattered broadcast all over the country as is
here proposed.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Chairman, I believe I have
never troubled the committee in relation to
any of these appropriations, but I think it is
due to the House, though this armory is not
in the district I represent, that some explana-
tion should be given of this appropriation.
And, sir, I desire now to reply to the inter-
rogatory of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Van Wyck] in relation to this water
power to which reference is made in the bill.
At the head of Rock Island there is a dam
across the slough, which formed, before the
Government commenced this- armory, a water
power by means of which the town of Moline,
a manufacturing town, containing now a popu-
lation of five thousand people, was created and
built up. When the plans were adopted for
the location of this armory at Rock Island,
water power was absolutely necessary, and
under a previous act of Congress the War
Department was authorized to arrange with
the proprietors of that water power for its con-
trol by the Government. Under that arrange-
ment the owners and proprietors of that water
power conveyed the title in fee-simple abso-
lutely to the Government of the United States,
retaining nothing for themselves but a contract
on the part of the Government to perfect that
water power and enable them to use one halfofit.
That title has been vested in the Government of
the United States, and this manufacturing vil-
lage, with a population of five thousand peo-
ple, with flour-mills, woolen-mills, paper-mills,
and like manufacturing establishments, is de-
pendent upon it for its existence. There is
one flow-mill which employs two hundred m en,
and there are large paper-mills there. Moline
is dependent upon the business carried on in
connection with this water power. In con-
sideration of the Government getting the con-
trol of this water power it bound itself to per-
fect it. That is the position of the matter
now.
Mr. HARDING. I desire to correct my
colleague. The former owners of the water
power have the right under this contract to
use one fourth of that power.
Mr. J UDD. Then 1 stand corrected to that
extent. I knew the general terms of this ar-
rangement, but I do not pretend to the accu-
racy of my friend, who represents that district.
And now, if it would not be too much trespass
on the time of the committee, I would like to
say a few words on the general question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I move to strike
out the last word. It may not be known to
all the members of this House that this island
of Rock Island is probably the best situation
for an arsenal in the United States. I believe
it is so adjudged and recommended by those
best acquainted with this subject. 1 know
something of this water power, as this island
was formerly in a district which I represented.
I have frequently visited the town of Moline,
and I can indorse every word my colleague
has said in regard to that town, a thrifty and
flourishing manufacturing village. _ They re-
tained under this contract, of which I also
know something, about one fourth of this
water power.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman a question. He states that he formerly
represented tlift district of I^ock Island. I
wish to know if Rock Island has been removed.
[Laughter.] . ,.
Mr FARNSWORTH. No, sir; but my dis-
trict has been removed._ I was about to say to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Van
Wyck.1 who or poses this appropriation, that the
citizens of Moline will be very glad indeed it the
Government would relinquish the water powei
to them. They do not ask ai:y appropriation;
they only ask that the Government shall carry
out a solemn contract which it has made with
them. If we will release all control and own-
ership of the water power to the people who
improved it before the Government asserted
its right to a portion of it they will not ask
for any appropriation to carry on the improve-
ment. The Government entered into a con-
tract by virtue of which the owners of that
power conveyed all their rights and interest to
this Government. The Government undertook
on its part to go on and perfect the water power
in a certain manner. It has not yet performed
that part of the contract. It has commenced
to do it, and the appropriation of $80,000 in
this paragraph is for the purpose of continuing
to perform the agreement on the part of the
Government.
I propose, before we leave this paragraph,
to offer an amendment, by way of a further
proviso, for the appointment of a commis-
sion to visit Rock Island and examine the
location of the building. In reference to that
point I am not quite certain but we are going
on a little blindly in the expenditure of this
money. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. JUDD. I renew it for the purpose of
saying a few words in reply to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Van Wyck.J _ A few
years ago this Government became involved
in a civil war, in which the gentleman himself
participated. Every man who had any con-
nection with that war knows that if there was
any one need this country had greater than
another it was the manufacture of arms. I
know, Mr. Chairman, that our soldiers were
furnished with muskets bought at fifty cents
apiece by the cord in Europe, which were not
fit to put in their hands, for the simple reason
that we had no sufficient means of manufac-
turing arms in our own country. And, sir,
there is not now in the Northwest any manu-
facture of arms adequate to the demands of
the Government. The Government has en-
tered upon a plan of establishing a manufac-
tory there that shall meet the wants of that
portion of the nation. It is no trifling matter
to do that, nor is it a waste of money.
The gentleman from Ohio has asked me
what the Government had to do with this water
power. I would reply simply that the whole
foundation of the power there, the whole suc-
cess of the machinery for the manufacture of
arms, is this water power at the head of Rock
Island; and while there may have been ex-
travagance in relation (o other matters, about
which I know nothing, I know this: that the
country will give a proper and adequate appro-
priation to establish on the Government's own
property such a manufaetoiy as will supply in
future the wants of the country whenever the
necessities of war shall demand that supply.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I oppose the amend-
ment for the purpose of saymg that much which
has been said by these gentlemen we do not
dispute, but we say that now we should pause
a little while .and stop some of the leaks from
the Treasury. The gentleman from Illinois
on the other side [Mr. Faensworth] says that
we are going it a little blind in this matter. I
think so, too. We have appropriated ยง700.000,
and now we are asked to appropriate $400,000
more, making over one million dollars, and the
gentleman says we are going it blind. I think
we can get through the year without this im-
mense expenditure upon the arsenal at Rook
Island. Let us build it in more prosperous
times. We went through a long war without an
arsenal at Rock Island. Let it be built when
we have more money in the Treasury than we
now have.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say a few words
in reply to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Van" Wyck.] Let me say that a failure
on our part to complete the works already
commenced for the development of the water
power at the arsenal at Rock Island would in-
volve a greater loss to the Government than
the amount of money we are asked to appro-
priate, and five times that amount. We have
various departments that are necessary there
in process of construction; the foundations
have been laid, and one large house has been
built. We have already expended a large
amount of money for arranging the island
ready to receive the buildings and commencing
them. A great proportion of the expenditure
has already been made, and this amount, in
my judgment, will complete the work.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The appropriation
asked for by the Department to complete the
work was $'700,000, and after you liaVe paid
this they will come here for other appropria-
tions to continue the work.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; I say to the gen-
tleman that in my judgment this appropriation
will be sufficient at least for some time, until
the Government shall require an extension,
if they ever do, of the buildings there. '
Then in reference to the water power; it is
as necessary for a saving to the Government
that we should develop that water power and
complete the contract as any thing can be. If
the gentleman will lookat the expense of man-
ufacturing all the machinery necessary for the
purpose of making arms, both large and small,
and manufacturing projectiles, and for all the
other work done at an arsenal, he will find
that the machinery and the coal for running
that machinery will cost more every year than
the amount which it is now proposed to appro-
priate for the purpose of preparing this water
power so that it can be used by the United
States Government.
Now, sir, I make this statement to the House
after having examined the matter myself and
made the calculation. I say that this appro-
priation is less than the cost of the machinery
and the coal that will be required to run it for
the operations of the Governmentfor one ypar,
and hence I say that this appropriation will be
a vast saving to the Government.
Mr. JUDD. T withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HARDING. Irenewit. Rock Island
is in the district that I have the honor to rep-
resent, but I desire to say to the committee
that my constituents, at least those o&them
who havf: an interest in the water power, will
very readily consent to relinquish all interest
in the proviso to this clause of the bill said be
restored to the possession of the water power
which they possessed before this contract was
in a manner forced out of them.
Sir, they made their contract with the Gov-
ernment of the United States through the
agency of the War Department. The War
Department, acting under an act of Congress,
sent a commission to that island to examine
into the value of this proposed purchase.
Those commissioners reported; their report
was sanctioned; and under authority of law
a contract was made and signed. It was not
concluded until a short time since, when orders
were issued to go to work under that contract.
But little money has as yet been expended.
I desire the attention of the committee to
one fact. The improvements that are being
made in the navigation of the river at this
point have thrown up a vast quantity of rock
which can be profitably used in the construc-
tion of the dam which is required to develop
this water power.
At the present time avast quantity of this
rock has accumulated there, and unless it is
used in the construction of those dams it will
be thrown away, and the Government will
have to pay four times as much for roelc quar-
ried elsewhere, and transported a great dis-
tance. I have prepared an amendment which
I hope the committee will accept, relinquish-
ing all claim to this water power.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to that. I will not give up any more rights ot
the Government.
Mr. SELYE. I am surprised to see gentle-
men whom I know to be economists and anx-
ious to save everything to the Government they
possibly can, trying to push this thing through.
Now, I want them to understand it, for I think
I can tell them something that they know noth-
ing about. I am a mechanic myself. I can
make water power [laughter] and steam power
