1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2309
out of all the items except the three first. I
propose on my own responsibility to submit to
the House the question whether it will adopt
the fourth item, which proposes to appropriate
§15.000 for the back pay of these messengers.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
On striking out the following items :
For deficiency in the appropriation for defraying
the expense of hydration of the Senate Chamber,
$3,000.
For deficiency in the appropriation for furniture
and repairs, §5,000. '
For deficiency in the appropriation for clerks to
committees, pages, hoises, and carryalls, $1.5,0(10.
The question was taken, and the items were
stricken out.
Mr. SPALDING. I now move to strikeout
the appropriation of $40,000 for miscellaneous
expenses. I ask my colleague on the Com-
mittee on Appropriations whether it will not
answer just as well to provide for this appro-
priation in the deficiency bill ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am ad-
vised that it will not; that it is absolutely
necessary this appropriation should be made
now to carry on the present operations of the
Senate.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman who reported this bill.
1 noticed in the debates of the Senate that
some controversy grew up in relation to this
$40,000 appropriation, in which it was said it
was to be applied to a deficiency which oc-
curred in the payment of money in the Senate.
Now I wish to ask whether this sum of 340,000
is to be applied to the payment of laborers, and
has no reference whatever to I he charge that
it is to supply a deficiency which I saw stated
in the debates of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What was
that ?
Mr. WELKER. In relation to the Secretary
of the Senate.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Not in the
least.
Mr. WELIvER. It was stated that there
was a difficulty between the Secretary of the
Senate and his financial clerk as to the sum
of *40,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That was
in regard to another matter, and did not come
up in this bill at all as a matter of legislation,
as I understand.
Mr. WELKEB. This, then, has nothing
whatever to do with it?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It has
not.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not think that we
ought to pass an item of §40,000 without know-
ing more about it than we do about this one.
We have already passed one deficiency bill for
the Senate to make up a deficit in its appro-
priations. This comes upon us, not as an or-
dinary deficiency bill, but as a special bill to
provide for the expenses of the impeachment
trial. I piopose to strike out this item and
give the committee further time to look into
this item of $40,000, and see what it is made
up of. That is all. It will only be for a week
or two. I insist on my motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 ask the gentleman from
Illinois whether the Committee on Appropria-
tions have already ascertained that $10,000 are
anything like an adequate sum to pay the ex-
penses of the impeachment trial? It seems to
me it will amount to a great deal more. Oris
this merely at once to strike the public mind
as all the expense of the trial? Is it not
designed to sugar-coat this pill of impeach-
ment?
The SPEAKER. That is not germane to
the pending question?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I put the question to the
gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
answer.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If these $10,000 be not
sufficient to meet the expense, it-seems to me
that the committee ought to meet this question
boldly and appropriate enough to pay the whole
expense, so the people may know all about it.
The SPEAKER. The debate must be con-
fined to the pending proposition, to strike out
$40,000.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not insist that my
question shall be answered at once; but I do
want an answer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
first in answer to my honorable colleague on the
committee that we might almost as well not pass
the bill atall as to strike out this item of $40,000.
It is for contingent expenses, and it is absolutely
necessary the Senate should have it. The gen-
tleman fiom Ohioknowslwould not urge any-
thing unless I thought it necessary and proper;
and I think if he had the consultation I had,
as I was instructed by the Committee on Ap-
propriations to examine into the items of this
appropriation, with the chairman of the Senate
Committee, he would bo entirely satisfied in
regard to this amount.
Mr. SPALDING. In reply to my excellent
colleague on the Committee on Appropriations,
I will say that I am most commonly governed
by his opinion in regard to these matters. It
is due to myself to say that this morning when
this bill was before the Committee on Appro-
priations for ten minutes, I agreed that the gen-
tleman should examine into this item as to
how it is made up; and lie agreed with me
that it should not come in here before the
House under the head of contingencies," but
that we should give it a substantial name and
let the people see what they were paying the
money for. Was not that the understanding?
Now, if my colleague on the committee is sat-
isfied in this respect and will tell me ho is, I
will withdraw my proposition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
wish my friend to withdraw anything on my
account. I have no particular interest in this
matter ; but I can tell my colleague on the
committee and the House in regard to this
matter as I understand it. I am as much in-
disposed as my colleague or anybody else is to
having these general miscellaneous items in
any of the appropriation bills. This is not for
contingent expenses; it is for " miscellaneous
items." We all agreed in the committee—I can
say that without any violation of the rule—that
this was a subject to be inquired into. I went
and made inquiry. I could, perhaps, have
gone through these vouchers and looked them
over myself; but I was assured by the chair-
man of the Finance Committee of the Sen-
ate that he had gone over these items very
thoroughly, being very reluctant indeed to per-
mit the appropriation to be made, but he was
forced to it from the state of financial matters
there, and hence the Senate passed upon this
question. They found that this amount was
necessary, and it is a courtesy which has
always been accorded by one House to the
other to permit each House to judge to some
extent of what its needs are for miscellaneous
items.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to make an in-
quiry. I wish to inquire if my friend is clear
that this is for " miscellaneous," and not for
"contingent" expenses? [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does my
friend think it makes any very great difference ?
Mr. DAWES. I only want to get at the
fact, for I think it will govern my vote. I do
not think I could be induced to vote for it if it
'j is for "contingent" expenses; but Hlo not
1 know what I might be induced to do il it is for
"miscellaneous" expenses. I therefore de-
sire to withhold my views until I know what
this is for.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I should
very much like to have an expression of my
friend's views on tins subject as on all others.
Mr. DAWES. I make the inquiry because
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spaldixg-] said
that he and his friend from Illinois—his excel-
lent friend—had agreed tiiat they would not
go for this appropriation if it was for "contin-
, gent" expenses; and now the gentleman from
J Illinois comes in and says that he still goes
i| with his excellent friend fiom Ohio, and that
It it is not for "contingent" expenses, but for
i! "miscellaneous" expenses. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope my
friend is satisfied. I will tell him what one of
the items is, and he can judge for himself. It
is for the funeral expenses of the Senator from
Vermont, the late Mr. Foot, and it is a very
large item, too, I am sorry to say.
Mr. DAWES. Well, that is miscellaneous-
Mr. SPALDING. I have accomplished my
purpose. I merely wished the House to under-
stand that the Committee on Appropriations
did not understand how this sum was made up.
That purpose is accomplished, and I now do
not desire to be captious but withdraw my
motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman from Illinois. We
think here upon this side of the House that
<10,000 cannot begin to pay the expenses of
impeachment, that is a mere bagatelle, that
the expenses must amount to many times that
sum. I do not suppose there is a gentleman
here who doubts that it will cost twenty times
that sum.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. So far as
I am concerned, if it is a success, I would be
willing to vote $100,000.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. So far as I am con-
cerned, I would not vote any sum of money to
carry it through.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
think the money could be used for any better
purpose, but I do not want it used for any
illegitimate purpose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish the gentleman
to answer my question. Does he mean to say
that this item of $10,000 is for the purpose of
obtaining success, and that, if he was sure he
could get success he would vote ten times
that sum? Docs he propose by this legisla-
tion to afreet the action of the Senate in that
way? Is that the candor of the gentleman
from Illinois?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Of course
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Ei.DRIDGe]
does not understand me to say any such thing.
He must have understood me to say this: that
the Senate that has charge of and is conduct-
ing this trial has said that it wants $10,000 for
the purposes of the trial. 1 do not know
whether it is sufficient or insufficient. The
Senate has asked for this amount, and 1 am in
favor of appropriating it. And if any other
amount shall become due 1 shall be in tavor of
making an appropriation lor the purpose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want to know if the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. V\ asuuuilnk]
means to stand by the remaik he made, that
if he could have the impeachment a success he
would vote $100,000?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I said that
if the impeachment should be a success it would
be worth not only $10,000, but ^>100,000. And
if it will be any satisfaction to the gentleman,
I will say to him that it would be worth $100,-
000,000. [Applause in the galleries, promptly
cheeked by the Speaker.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 do not suppose the
gentleman can be candid upon this subject. I
Jo not suppose that he or this House expects
that the sum of S10.000 will be all that will be
necessary for the expenses of the impeachment
trial. It is a mere bagatelle for the purpose of
favorably affecting the popular mind toward
impeachment while the trial is progressing
before the Senate.
The gentleman from Illinois admits that
when lie says that he would appropriate not
only $10,000 but $100,000 if impeachment
could be made a success. And he then adds,
with the approbation of his fellows and the
applause of their followers of the galleries,
that he would be willing to appropriate hun-
dreds of millions of dollars for that purpose.
Sir, that is not worthy of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Wahuisukmo :] it is unworthy of
this House to say here, when this trial is
pending before the Senate, one of the most
august trials the world has ever seen, that we
would appropriate this large sum of money for
