1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4357
ferent rule is applied to the foreigner; and this
bill is designed to correct that. Look at the
third section:
Whenever it shall be duly made known to the
President that any citizen of tbe United States has
been arrested and is detained by any foreign Gov-
ernment in contravention of the intent and pur-
poses this act—
What are the intents and purposes of this
act? To place the naturalized citizen upon
the same ground, when abroad, as the Ameri-
can-born citizen. If any distinction is made
between those classes of citizens abroad,
what then? That is the point; wh|t then?
What will you do? The committee of the
Senate say we advise that when any fact of
that sort comes to the knowledge of the Pres-
ident, he shall at some convenient season tell
Congress of it; and that is all there is in their
proposition. If Congress is away the Ameri-
can citizen will be under the injustice until
Congress gets together. No duty whatever is
imposed upon the President, except some time
in his own way, to tell the American Congress
what he knows about it. It contemplates
nothing on the part of the President of the
United States save only that he shall acquaint
Congress with the fact, and in the mean time
the rights which ycu say are saered by this bill
and which shall not be discriminated against
are infringed and violated, and the subject of
your authority and yonr power lies in a foreign
prison. Now, all the remark I make on that
subject is to submit that in view of the high
Rounding principles of the bill, the remedy of
the Committee on Foreign Relations is not at
all adequate. I submit that the chairman of
that committee does not propose any remedy
at all, and I submit that having declared against
making any discrimination between citizens
abroad, which implies that such discrimina-
tions are made, it becomes the Congress of
the United States to put into the hands of the
President the exercise of some authority which
shall be instant and immediate. I am not now
discussing what they ought to do, but I say the
remedy applied, whatever it is, should be
instant and immediate for relief. Therefore I
shall not give my assent to the report of the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
What is the next proposition? I do not
know that I shall get them in order, but the
next proposition to which I shall advert is that
introduced by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Buckalew.J He agrees to the premises
of this bill; he agrees to all that is said in vin-
dication of the rights of naturalized citizens
residing abroad; but what is his remedy? He
says that if it comes to the knowledge of the
President that the rights of naturalized citizens
have been discriminated against in the way
contemplated by this bill, the President shall
do what? He shall exert all his power to pro-
tect the rights of such citizen and report the
facts to Congress. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania does not define what the President has
power to do. If it is to be assumed that the
President already has all the power that the
case admits of, perhaps that remedy is ample;
but on that ground the whole bill is a simple
declaration of what ought to be done without
any remedyfor doing it; andif there is nothing
more than what is absolutely granted by the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania
I submit that this bill is nothing but a declara-
tion of American principles with regard to the
Ameiican citizen abroad, and with that you
ought to be content, and the first and second
sections are all that ought to be passed; no-
body will contend that the third section arms
the President with a particle of additional
power, and for that reason I should be content
witli the first and second sections rather than
make an empty sounding declaration, which
upon examination amounts to nothing and
gives no additional authority.
The next proposition which has fallen under
my notice is that of the Senator from Connec-
ticut, [Mr. Ferry.] Agreeing with the bill in
the principles 1 have mentioned, he provides
a remedy. What is it? If any of the rights
of the citizen abroad—I am now assuming that
it is the naturalized citizen resident abroad—
are infringed the President shall extend pro-
tection. What protection? In what way? By
any necessary means in accordance with the
principles of international law. Well, that
comeout exactly where it went in. That
ends just where it begins. That makes no
advance. Nobody will pretend it. That gives
no remedy. That invests the President with
no additional authority or power. It is not
even an emphatic instruction on the subject.
The bill, then, as it would stand amended by
the honorable Senator from Connecticut, is a
high sounding declaration of the American
doctrine of the right of expatriation and the
right of absolute protection to the naturalized
citizen, a declaration that the flag covers him,
that his rights are as sacred as if he were born
on this soil; but when you come to the ques-
tion of remedy, not a word; not a word in
advance; turn him over to the principles of
international law. That is all.
What I mean to say, Mr. President, is that
the bill stopping there proposes no remedy,
invests the President with no authority, is no
rule of conduct for him in such a case; and
for that reason it strikes me if you are to have
a remedy it is inadequate altogether.
The next proposition is that of the Senator
from Michigan, [Air. Howard.] That does
propose a remedy, but 1 think it is a remedy,
perhaps, a little too belligerent; I think it is
a remedy which might involve difficulty, and
for that reason, without stopping to comment
upon it, I would say that if it should come to
the knowledge of the President that the rights
of a naturalized citizen had been discriminated
against it would hardly be worth while to
authorize the President thereupon, in such a
case, without further consideration, to with-
draw all diplomatic relations whatever. It
might be construed into an act of war. For
that reason I would hardly think that judi-
cious.
And now, Mr President, one word briefly
upon the proposition ofthe honorable Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] and then I have
done. The Senator from Oregon, accepting
the propositions in the first and second sections
of the bill, provides a remedy, and what is it?
He says that whenever the President knows of
any case of injustice he shall act. Weil, sir,
what would be a case of injustice? Whenever
it comes to the knowledge of the President
that any foreign Government has denied to a
naturalized citizen the right of expatriation,
and whenever such citizen has fallen under the
ban of such Government, and his rights on
that ground are discriminated against, that
shall be regarded as an act of positive injustice
toward that American citizen. That is the
ground, and that is in exact harmony with the
bill. Those who accept the two propositions
in the first, and second sections of the bill cer-
tainly cannot deny that proposition. In such
a case of injustice what is to be done ? The
remedy is this: if it appears to the President
that such acts have been done in violation of
those lights thus set forth it shall be the duty
of the President immediately to demand the
reasons. Is there any objection to that? Can
any Senator say that that of itself would endan-
ger the peace of the nation? Can yon do less?
If you say that the rights of a naturalized citi-
zen shall not be discriminated against, and it
comes to the knowledge of the President that
an injustice has been done in that regard, will
you not say that it is his duty at once to in- i
quire into "the facts and to address himself to <
that Government thus committing that injus- !
tiee and demand the reasons? Nobody would j
object to that, of course. Suppose the reasons j
are given and the reasons are not satisfactory, ]
what then? Then this amendment provides j
that he shall use such means, not amounting
to acts of war, as are within his power, and
that is all there is of it. Whether the honor-
ble Senator from Oregon thinks this is ample
or not i do not know. What I am saying is
that he does provide for some specific remedy
to the end that at least by making it the duty
of the President to demand the reasons for the
discrimination between the naturalized and
the native citizen he will have a case, he will
be able to present to tbe Congress of the Uni-
ted States and the American people the case
which arises in the premises, and we shall
know the reasons for the discrimination; but
what then? If the remedy is obvious to the
President he may take it, provided that he
does not involve the nation in any war, that
he does not commit an act of war; and further,
the amendment provides that in any of these
cases and in all cases it shall be his duty to
report the result of his investigations to the
Congress of the United States.
I only intended to glance at the different prop-
ositions ; and at this late period I am not dis-
posed to delay the action of the Senate. I
merely say that I shall vote against the propo-
sition of the honorable Senator from Connec-
ticut, and I shall vote with a view of gettiug
in the Senate at the proposition of the honor-
able Senator from Oregon.
Mr. HARLAN. I am very anxious to get
the attention of the Senate to a bill pertaining
to the Disfrict of Columbia ; but as I do not
wish to interfere with a vote on this bill, I will
venture to express the hope that a vote may be
taken.
Mr. CONNESS. „ Let us have a vote.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Fekry.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 82; as follows:
# YEAS—-Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Conkline, Doo-
little, ferry, Fessenden, Krelinghuysen, Harris, Me-
Creery, Morrill ot Vermont, Pomeroy, Ross, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers,and Welch—17.
NAYS — Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole. ConnesN Corbett. Oragm, Drake, Harlan,How-
ard, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Nye, Patterson ot !New Hampshire, Patterson
of Tennessee, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, YV ade,
Willey, Williams, WTilson, audYates—32.
ABSENT—Messis. Abbott, Bayard, Davis. Dixon,
Edmunds, Fowler, Grimes, Henderson. Hendricks,
Morton, Norton, Osborn, Pool, Saulsbury, ana
IVhyte—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire a separate vote
on the amendment proposed in committee by
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the Senate with the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole. The Senator from Maine desires a
separate vote on the amendment mentioned
by him.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to substitute the
amendment that I proposed in Committee of
the Whole for the amendment made on the
motion of the Senator from Michigan, or for
the section as amended, and I wish to say a
very few words. I shall not take five minutes.
The section as it now stands is inconsistent
with itself, for the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Pennsylvania requires the
President to exercise all his powers under the
Constitution, and as amended by the Senator
from Michigan it only allows him to exercise
one specific power; so that while the section
apparently requires him to do everything, it is so
modified as to require him to do but one tiling.
Then I wish to suggest tiiat the suspension of
diplomatic relations would be no remedy as to
those nations with which we have no diplomatic
relations. There are many nations in the
world with whom we have no diplomatic rela-
tions. There are the barbarous Powers, for
iustancc. If an American citizen is seized by
a barbarous Power what lemedy would this
be ? The President ought to have the power
to do what the exigencies of the ease require
to rescue that citizen from imprisonment, ana
this amendment of mine enables tiie President
to exercise his power without involving the
country in war. , ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. It seems to be the de-
termination of the Senate to waste the little
time we have left—I believe there are but two
