2310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
the purpose of making impeachment a success;
or that we have any such interest or feeling in
regard to it as that, under the explanation of
thegentlemau from Illinois, [Mr. Washbuuxk,]
that we would even give that sum for the pur-
pose of makingit a success; or that if it were a
success we would be willing to pay thatamount.
Sir, I would not be willing to give one dol-
lar or one cent for that or any such purpose.
Let the trial go on under the strict, the simple
rules and principles of justice, unalfected and
uninfluenced by money or the interest this
House may feel on account of its action here-
tofore taken or its political bias. If this sum
of $10,000 is named merely for the purpose of
striking the public mind at this time as the
probable expense of the impeachment 1 say
that such action is unworthy of this House.
We ought to meet the question fully and fairly,
and let the country understand precisely what
we believe the expense of that trial may be ;
at all events, not endeavor lo deceive or cheat
the people in regard to it.
Mr. WASHBURN IS, of Illinois. I desire
to say but a word or two. As I said before,
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Klmudgk'J
does not at all misunderstand the proposition
which I submitted to the House. And he can-
not put his own misconstruction before the
country without explanation. He may under-
take to lecture the House, he may undertake
to lecture me, in regard to what is the duty of
the House or what mv duty may be, but I
will not permit him to misrepresent what I have
said here. Now, what 1 did sav in regard to
this proposition was this: that if impeachment
was a success it would be worth hundreds of
millions of dollars to this country, and 1 so
believe. It would be worth hundreds of mil-
lions of dollars in what it would save to the
country from the amount which is plundered
from the Treasury by the office-holders who
have been thrust into office by the gentleman
from Wisconsin and Ins party. It would be
worth hundreds of millions of dollars, it would
be worth uncounted millions, in the lives of the
loyal men of the South which would be saved
by thrusting this acting President forth from
the White House. That, sir, is what I said;
and the House and the country will not mis-
understand mo,"but will agiee with me, and will
agree with that verdict of guilty which I trust
the Senate will render on this subject. Now,
sir, I demand the previous question.
The previousquestion was seconded aud the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill, as amended, was ordered to
a third reading, read the third lime, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ot' Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removals, etc., in treasury department.
Mr. MULLINS. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Jie«ohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and ho is hereby, required to furnish to this House
information as to how many removals of clerks and
other employes of said Department have been made
since the 1st day of January, 1868, and ior what cause;
also, how many persons have been appointed to office
or employed in the Treasury Department since said
1st day of Januaiy, 18(58; and by whom the removals
and appointments were made, nnd the names of those
removed and of those appointed or employed; also,
the reasons ior the same.
Mr. VAN AUJvEN. I object.
SALES OF UNITED STATES BONDS, ETC.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
required to at once comply with the following reso-
ludoii, passed March 18,18(58:
'' Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed, without delay, to report to this House the
amount of commissions paid for sale or disposal of
United States bonds or securities since the 2d day of
March, 1862; to wbom paid, and if commissions are
still paid for similar services to the same parties; if
not, to whom commissions, if any, are paid; also,
what amount of gold has been sold by the Treasury
Department since the 2d day of March, 1861. and
what amount of commissions have been paid on
sales of gold, and to whom paid; whether said com-
missions on sales of gold wcie paid in coin or cur-
rency; that he htate separately the amount of com-
missions paid on the sales of Government securities
and bales of gold."
GUARDS AT WALi DEPARTMENT.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Jiaolved, That the General t>f the Army be di-
rected to inform the House why the ofiico of the
War Department is surrounded by armed men, and
whether, in his opinion, it is necessary that able-
bodied soldiers should be thus employed in time of
peace, and how many men are similarly employed in
the District of Columbia.
Mr. GARFIELD. "Will the gentleman in-
clude the same inquiry with regard to Secre-
tary Seward's office?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am willing to do so.
Mr. GARFIELD. Well, I object to the
resolution.
PUBLICATION OF SOLDIERS' CLAIMS.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
llcsohifd. That the Committee on Military Affairs
be, and they aic hereby, instructed to inquire into
tho expediency of providing by law for the publica-
tion by the several Departments of tho Government
of all soldiew'claims which have been allowed and
paid by such Department, such publication to be
made ia a newspaper published in the capital of
each State respectivcljr, and mado monthly or quar-
terly, of a)! such claims patd during the last preced-
ing month or quarter, to the end that claim agents
may not be able to retain soldiers' pay and bounty
tor an unnecessary time alter its collection; and
that the committee report by bill or otherwise.
WASHINGTON BUILDING BLOCK COMPANY.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (11. 11. No. 1020) to incor-
porate the Washington Building Block Com-
pany ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for tho District
of Columbia.
SALE OP PUBLIC VESSELS.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolutions:
lleaohcd, That the Secretary of the Navy bo di-
rected to furnish the information asked for in tho
following resolution adopted by this llouso on tho
12th day of December last, and which remains unan-
swered :
"That tho Secretaiy of the Navy be di-
rected to inform the Home, in connection with the
information this day called for in relation to the
number and price ot the public vessels sold since tho
war, wliothorany of tho vessels so sold were ca.ptured
from tho enemy during thowar and upon which prize
money was paid by tho United States, and if so, the
amount ol prizo money so paid, tho dato of payment,
and the price for which the vessels were sold."
Mr. HANKS. I do not yield to that reso■
lution if it takes up time.
The SPEAKER. Ts there objection?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 under-
stand this to be offered by my colleague.
Tho SPEAKER. It is not before the House
until the Chair ascertains whether it is objected
to or not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
object to it; but 1 wish to call attention to a
fact in connection with another matter. It
seems that the Secretary of the Navy declines
to answer any request made to him. I sub-
mitted a resolution calling upon him for in-
formation so long ago as the 12lh of January,
and perhaps before, and although I have often
called his attention to it, still ho has never yet
responded toil. Ilis course is unprecedented,
and I hope we shall take such measures as
will vindicate the dignity of this House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What resolution does
the gentleman refer to?
Mr. VAN AUKEN. The gentleman makes
me believe that I ought to object to this reso-
lution.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was in
reference to vessels bought and sold on com-
mission, and a variety of other information
was asked for.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has the resolution never
been answered?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It has
never been answered to this day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Were not those the ves-
sels sold by the present acting Secretary of
War?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know.
Mr. VAN AUKEN. I object to the resolu-
tion.
THOMAS CHITTENDEN.
Mr. PERU AM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
back Senate bill No. 340, for the relief of
Thomas Chittenden, and moved that it be
referred to the Committee- on Revolutionary
Pensions and of the War of 1812.
The motion was agreed to.
SYLVANUS BLODGETT.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, from
the same committee, also reported back Senate
bill No. 817, granting an increase of pension
to Sylvanus Blodgett, of Jericho, Chittenden
county, Vermont, and moved that it be referred
to (he Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
and of the War of 1812.
The motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. PERHAM, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the following petitions,
and the same were referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions and of the War of
1S12:.
Petition of Abner Duncan, of Virginia, pray-
in" for a special act, &c. ; and
Petition of John Mcllwee and five other cit-
izens, asking for a pension for military services
as a soldier in the war of 1812.
On motion of Mr. PERHAM, the same com-
mittee were discharged from the further con-
sideration of the following, and the same were
referred to the Committee on Military Afl'airs:
A bill (H. It. No. 932) for the relief of the
heirs of Sarah Smith; and
Petition of Ann Shelly, for a pension.
AMENDMENT OF BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask unanimous consent
to report, from the Committee on Revision of
Laws of tho United States, a short bill making
amendments to the bankrupt law.
The SPEAKER. For action at the present
time?
Mr. JENCKES. Yes, sir. It is very short.
Mr. BAN KS. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. SPALDING. Will it give rise to debate?
Mr. JliNCKES. It will not. I ask five
minutes for explanation.
Mr. BANKS. I yield five minutes, reserv-
ing my right to object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I give
notice to the gentleman from Massachusetts
that I shall probably want to debate this mat-
ter. I think I am opposed to the bill of the
gentleman from Rhode Island.
Mr. JENCKES. I think not, if the gentle-
man will hear it.
lhe SPEAKER. Will the gentleman re-
serve his objection until the bill is read ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well,
sir.
The Clerk commenced to read the bill.
Mr. BANKS. I must resume the floor. It
is perfectly apparent that that bill cannot be
considered without some discussion.
Mr. JENCKES. Then, if the gentleman
will allow me, I will ask that the bill may be
reported and printed in the Globe, in order
that it may be called up to-morrow on a mo-
tion to reconsider. I do not think it will give
rise to any discussion whatever.
The SPEAKER. It will require unani-
mous consent to have the bill reported aud
,so ™a'' can be called up to-morrow fav a
motion to reconsider.
Air. MAIisARD. I roust obiect
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that there is no objection to the bill bein"
prinTed ' re-COmlmtted> ordered to be
precedent^' That WiU COt give the
The SPEAKER. It will not
bl11 (IL R" No- 1021) i„ amendment
