1286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
tell
and almost any other kind- ot power. I
you that there is no part of the Missisi.r
river with fall enough to it to make a good water
power. It is 110 more fit for water power than
1 am, [laughter] than any small stream ; and
those gentlemen who talk about a water power
on the Mississippi river, know just as much
about water power as Nicodeuius knew about
the new birth. \ am opposed to the Govern-
ment building these factoriesfor the purpose of
makingguns, munitions of war, or anything else.
Mr. HARDING. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Van Wyck.
Mr. MULLINS. I propose to move an amend-
ment to the amendment, and I shall do so in
good faith, for this is one of the most knotty
questions that we have come up with. I move
to amend by providing for an additional ar-
senal at Ducktown, in Tennessee. [Laugh-
ter.] I move this amendment in order to get
over this knotty question. What is it we have
before us 1 "Illinois!" " Rock Island!" Just
look at that foe a moment. There is the first
thing, "111;" then "nois;" then "llock,"
and then an " Island" of rock. [Laughter.]
Now, who can understand what all that means;
what we are driving at? Now, I make this
amendment in good faith; and in order to
ameliorate the whole thing, I will move that
Ducktown, in Tennessee, be made a 
A Member. Port of entry. [Great laughter.]
Mr. MULLINS. No, not that; but that it
be made an arsenal, also.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a point of order, that the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mcllins] is
out of order.
Mr. MULLINS. Not quite so fast, if you
please. I can tell the gentleman that Tennes-
see can show more iron and more brass than
this Rock Island can. Now it is proposed to
make water power and steam power. Well,
sir, there is water enough and steam enough
up here; and if you will only insert my amend-
ment you will get over this knotty point of
Rock Island.
But, in regard to this paragraph of the bill
which it is proposed to strike out, it is a moral
impossibility for us to stop work there at the
present time. If you do, then, as every man
knows, the whole past expenditure of the Gov-
ernment will go to waste, will dwindle down,
and come to naught. Sir, when you have a
matter of this sort on its way to completion,
the better way is to push it ahead, put a roof
on it, and cover it in.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. MULLINS. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Van Wyck, to strike out the following para-
graph •
For arsenal and armory at Rock Island, Illinois,
$380,000: Provided, That $30,000 of said sum shall bo
devoted to the development of the water power, to
carry out existing contracts.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes twenty-seven, noes not
counted.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For Watervliet arsenal, West Troy, New York,
120,000.
Mr. PILE. I move to amend by adding
after the paragraph just read, "for arsenal at
St. Louis, Missouri, $20,000."
Mr. BLAINE. There is no objection to
that, I presume.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I am opposed to that
appropriation.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to say, m reference
to this amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Pile,] that the committee struck out
the appropriation for the St. Louis arsenal on
the ground that the arsenal, as we then under-
stood, was" to be abolished and the property
sold by the United States. That "project is,
however, postponed, perhaps indefinitely, if not
rendered altogether uncertain. It therefore
becomes necessary that the usual appropriation
for the support of that arsenal should be made.
I desire to say further in regard to all these
appropriations that, as gentlemen will observe
by casting their eyes over them, they have been
cut down to the lowest amounts which were
deemed at all sufficient for the preservation
and repair of the public property at the points
named; and if we strike out these appropria-
tions we might just as well throw the property
open for the cows and the hogs to run in and to
ruin.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I do not
know, Mr. Chairman, what is the probability
with regard to the sale of the arsenal at St.
Louis; but the bill providing for the sale of
that arsenal passed this House by a large ma-
jority, being advocated by the gentleman from
St. Louis, [Mr. Pile,] and that bill is now
pending in the Senate. Yet we are asked to
make this appropriation for the continuance
of that arsenal. If we are to sell it why need
we appropriate one dollar for it?
Mr. PILE. I move pro forma to amend
the amendment by striking out the last word.
In answer to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Washbcrn,] I desire to say that the effect
of my amendment is simply to carry out exist-
ing law. The arsenal at St. Louis has been
established by law and is in operation by virtue
of law. The machinery is at work there and
the hands are employed. It is true that a bill
introduced by myself, providing for the sale
of that arsenal, has been passed by this House ;
but the time for the sale was left to the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of War. Even should
that bill become a law, it is not certain that the
arsenal will be sold during the coming year.
The Secretary of War may not deem it con-
ducive to the interest of the Government to
make the sale during the coming year. He
may think the property will bring more during
the year following.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. PILE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Will the
arsenal sell any better if we expend $20,000
upon it?
Mr. PILE. If this appropriation be made
and the arsenal should be sold the appropria-
tion will not be expended. If the appropria-
tion be not made and the arsenal should not
be sold the Government will have the property
on its hands without any provision for the
expense of taking care of it. I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Imoveto
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Pile] by striking out " twenty"
and inserting "five," so as to make the appro-
priation $5,000, which will be more in propor-
tion than we apply to any other arsenal.
Mr. BLAINE. It now lacks twenty minutes
of five o'clock ; and I find it will be impossible
for the committee to get through the bill this
evening. I therefore move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the Chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union having had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the bill
(H. R. No. 658) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1869, and for other purposes, had come to
no resolution thereon.
accounts op sergeant-at-arms.
Mr. BROOMALL. I rise to make a privi-
leged report. The Committee on Accounts,
to whom were referred certain charges against
the Sergeant-at-Arms, have directed me to sub-
mit a report, accompanied with a resolution,
which I desire to have acted on at the present
time.
Mr. WOOD. I understand there is also a
minority report.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask the Clerk to read
the resolution appended to the report.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the subject.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask that the report be
printed and the resolution passed. The gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. McCulloogh,]
who is absent on account of sickness, does not
agree to the report. He told me perhaps he
would ask to submit a minority report.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let the report be read.
Mr. NIBLACK. We ought to have it read
if we are to act on it to-night.
Mr. .BROOMALL. I move the report be
printed in the Globe, so gentleman can see it,
and that it go over until to-morrow.
There was no objection, aud it was ordered
accordingly. [See Appendix.]
brevet g e n e r a l "s iie r m A n.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous .consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which _was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
bo requested to communicate to this House all cor-
respondence in relation to the conferring upon Lieu-
tenant General Sherman the brevet rack of general,
as well as all correspondence in relation to the estab-
lishment of a new military division of the Atlantic.
sale of government securities.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 765) to revoke the
authority of the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay percentage for the sale of Government
securities or bonds, and repealing all laws or
parts of laws authorizing the appointment of
an agent for the purpose of negotiating or sell-
ing Government securities or bonds; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. DRKMrS, (at
four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.,} the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of Reuben
Denny, of Pulaski county, Kentucky, for pay
for property taken and destroyed by the Mili-
tary forces of the United States.
By Mr. BEAMAN : The petition of John S.
Newberry and many others, citizens of Detroit,
Michigan, asking that the Navy may be reduced
from one hundred and thirty vesels now iu
commission to thirty or less ; demanding that
the great naval pageant now on exhibition in
Europe be ordeied home : the reduction of tho
Army to twenty thousand men ; the reduction
of the sum asked for civil service to $20,000,000 ;
that the Navy appropriations be reduced to
$12,000,000; and the war appropriations to
$35,000,000 or less.
Also, the petition of C. H. Beebe and others,
of the same place, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of Milton Frost and others,
of the same place, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of H. P. Baldwin & Co.
andothers, ofthesameplace, to thesarae effect.
Also, the petition ofL. P. Knight and others,
ot the same place, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of Homer W. Chandler and
others, of the same place, to the same effect.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: A concur-
rent resolution of the Legislature of the State
ot liansas, memorializing Congress for aid for
the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Galveston
railroad.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kansas, memorializing Con-
gress tor aid in bonds, &c., to assist in the con-
struction of the St. Joseph and Denver railroad.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kansas, requesting the Sen-
ators and Representatives iu Congress from the
State of Kansas to secure the passage of aa
