THE C0NGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. Madison, in discussing the power of the
President, used the following language:
""What will be the motives which the President
can foci ior the abuse of hi? power and tho restraints
that operate to prevent it ? In the first place he will
be impeachable by this House before the Senate for
such an act of maladministration; for I contend
that the wanton removal of meritorious officers
would subject him to impeachment and removal from
his own high trust."---Annate of Congress, 1804-5, vol.
1, p. 517.
The trial of Blount, 1788-89. Story, in
speaking of that case, says:
"Iuthe argument upon Blount's impeachment it
was pressed, with great earnestness that there is not
a syllable in tho Constitution which confines im-
peachment to official acts, and it is against the plain-
est dictates of common sense that such a restraint
should be imposed."—Story, sec. 802.
Trial of Judge Chase, February 2G, 1805.
Mr. Manager Nicholson says:
" If, therefore, tho President of the United States
should accept a bribe he certainly cannot be in-
dicted for it, and yet no man can doubt that he might
bo impeached. If one of the heads of Departments
should undertake to recommend to office for pay he
certainly might be impeached for it, and yet 1 would
ask under what law and in what court could he be
indicted."—Judge Chase's Trial, p. 561.
In the trial of Judge Chase Mr. Manager
Randolph says:
"It has been contended that an offense to be im-
peachable must be indictable. For what, then, 1
pray you, was it that this provision of impeachment
found its way into tho Constitution." * * *
* " If the Constitution did not contemplate a dis-
tinction between an impeachable and an indictable
offense whence this cumbrous and expensive pro-
cess, which has cost us so much labor and so much
anxiety to the nation? Whence this idle parade,
this wanton waste of time and treasure, when the
ready intervention of a court and jury alone was
wanting to rectify the evilAnnah of Congress,
1804-5, p. 612.
By permission of the Senators I will read
some extracts that I have made from the
speeches of some of the most learned men of
England on this same question, which was dis-
cussed in the trial of Queen Caroline, in the
year 1820.
Earl Grey, in speaking of the powers of
Parliament, said:
"lie must maintain this principle, supported on
thegioundof parliamentary law, and bottomed on
the constitution of the country, that on all occasions,
when a great State necessity or a matter of great
Stnte expediency exists, Parliament were vested with
extraordinary powers, and it became their duty to
exciuisc tho:se extraordinary powers in order to pro-
cure that remedy commensurate with such State
necessity or expediency, which no proceeding in a
court of law could effect/'— Trial Queen Caroline.
vol. 1, p. 8.
In the same case Brougham (since made a
lord) said :
"Impeachment was a remedy for cases not cogni-
zable by ihe ordinary jurisdiction."
44 Tho House of Commons might impeach for what-
ever was indictable, but they also might impeach in
cases where no indictment could be found. He sub-
mitted, therefore, that so me satisfactory reason ought
to be stated why impeachment was not resorted to in
this instance."— Vol. 1, p. 22.
Again, he says:
"The learned attorney general has held that no
impeachment could he unle?=somc law was violated;
but the opinion was contrary to the doctrine laid
down by the greatest writers on the law of impeach-
ment. Lord Coke did not so limit the power of Par-
liament. He regarded this power as most extensive,
and in describing it quoted this remarkable expres-
sion: 'That it was so lan?e and cupacious that he
could not place bounds to it either in npacc or time.'
In xliort, i his maxim has been laid down as irrefra-
gable, that whatever mischief is done, and no remedy
could otherwise be obtaincd.it is competent for Par-
liament to impeach.'' =" - - "VVhy
was impeachment competent in the ease of the mis-
demeanor of a public functionary? Expressly be-
cause no remedy was to be found by any other means;
because nn act had been committed which justice
required should be punished, but which could only
be reached by Parliament." * « * -
"It happened that the very first impeachment
which occurred in the historyof Parliament was one
which neither related to a public oftiecr 1101 to any
oftense known to the law. It was the case of Itichard
Lyons and others, who were complained ot for re-
moving the staple of wool to Paris, for lending money
to the king on usurious contracts. The statute against
u;ury had not then been passed, and there were va-
lious other charges against the parties which formed
no legal offense. The ease was one in which mer-
chants were, anions other things, charged with com-
pounding duties with the king lor a small percent-
age."
Also, the "case of Sir Giles Mompessen,
for the sale of patents." This was not an
indictable offense, and is the more remarkable
from being recorded in "Coke's Institutes."
Hence we find that in the very inception of
trials of impeachment no indictable offense
need have been committed.
Again, we find Mr. Brougham stating :
44 That the House would exercise the right of im-
peachment, not because the offense was liable to a
five pounds penalty, not because it was indictable,
but because some evil had been committed which
the ordinary courts of law could not reach. This he
conceived was the only constitutional principleupon
which impeachment rested." * * * * "The
case of Mr. Hastings illustrates his argument, for of
the articles of impeachment preferred against him
four out of five were for offenses of a nature of which
no court of law could take cognizance."— Vol.1, pp.
G2 an d 03.
I again call attention to the arguments and
opinions of learned men of our own country,
which most clearly sustain our view on the
point now under discussion.
On the trial of Judge Peck Mr. Manager
Buchanan says :
4,A gross abuse of granted power and an usurpa-
tion of power not granted are offenses equally worthy
of and liable to impeachment."—Page 428.
In the same case Mr. Manager WickliflVs
remarks are so applicable to the conduct of the
respondent that I may be pardoned for giving
them in this connection. He says:
44 Take tho case of tho President of the United
States. Suppose him bag© enough or foolish enough,
if you please, to refuse bis sanction to any and every
act which Congre^ may pass. This isa powerwhich,
according to the Constitution, he can exercise. Will
it be contended that he could be indicted for it
a misdemeanor in any court, State or Pedoral?
Yet, where is the man who would hesitate to remove
him fiom office by impeachment '{"—lack's Trial,
1831, p. 309.
In the same case Mr. Wirt, of counsel for
the respondent, said:
" The President, Vice President, and all civil offi-
cers shall be removed from offico on impeachment
for and on conviction of treason, bribery, or other
high crimes or misdemeanors.' (Constitution, art. 2,
sec. 4.) The Constitution itself defines treason, but
it does not define bribery, nor does it define those
other hish crimes and misdemeanors forwbich these
officers may be impeached and removed. Now, what
does the Constitution mean by the expression hiyh
crimes and misdemeanors ? It has a meaning; what
is it? and where are you to look for it? The phrase
is obviously borrowed from the common law. This
instrument thus, by its own teirn-, connects itself in
this instance with the common law, and authorizes
you to go to that law tor an explanation of its mean-
ing. In the veiy proceeding, therefore, in which you
are now engaged, the common law is in force for the
definition of the high crime or misdemeanor which
you are called on to punish."— I'eck's Trinl, pp. 49#
and 199.
Mr. Story, in discussing what are the func-
tions to be performed in impeachment'?, says:
"The offenses to which the power of impeachment
has been and is ordinarily applied as a remedy, are
of a political character,"  «■ + .• "what
are aptly termed political offense*, glowing out of
personal misconduct or gi oss neglect, or u<nrpntions,
or habitual disregard ot tho public interests, in the
dischaigeot duties ot political oihee. These are so
various in their character, andfo indefinable in their
actual involutions, that it is almost impossible to
provide systematically for them by po>itivc law.
They must bo examined upon very bioad and com-
prehensive principles of public policy anil duly.
They must be Judged of by the habits and rules and
principles of diplomacy, ot departmental operations
and arrangements; in short, by a great variety of
circumstances, as well those which aggravate as those
which extenuate or justify the offensive acts; which
do not properly belong to the judicial character in
the ordinary administration of justice, and are far
removed from the reach of municipal jurispru-
dence."—Story va (bnsUtutton, sec. 702.
Treason is defined in the Constitution itself ;
bribery is defined by common law; and Mr.
Story, in discussing the definition of impeach-
able crimes, says:
44The only practical question is, "What are deemed
high crimes and misdemeanois > JVow, neither the
Constitution nor any statute of the United Stateshas
in any manner defined any crimes except treason
and bribery to be huxh ciimes and misdemeanors,
and as such impeachable. In what manner, then,
are they to be ascertained? Is tho silenco of the
statute-book to be deemed conclusive in favor of Ihe
party until Congress have made a legislative decla-
ration and enumeration of tlie offenses which <diall
be deemed high erinics and misdemeanors? If so,
then, as has been truly remarked, the power of im-
peachment, except as to the two expiessed case?, is
a complete nullity; and the party is wholly dis-
punishable, however enormous maybe his corrup-
tion or criminality.—Story's Com., sec. 794.
In further reasoning upon the same subject,
he says:
44 There are many offenses, purely political, which
have been hold to be within, tho reaeli of parliament-
ary impeachments, not one of which is in the slight-
est manner alluded to in our statute-books. And,
indeed, political offenses are of so Various and com-
plex a character, so utterly incapabloof being defined
or classified, that the task of positive legislation
would be impracticable, if not almost absurd to at-
tempt it." * * * * 44 The only safcgindeViB sue#
cases, must bethecommonlaw, which istbeguai'diau
at once of private rights and public liberties; and
however much it may lallin with the political theories
of certain statesmen and jurists, to deny the existence
of a common law belonging to-and applicable to thfe
nation in ordinary cases, no one yet has been bold
enough to assert that the power of impeachment is
limited to offenses positively defined in the statute-
book of the Union as impeachable high crimes and
misdemeanors."—Section 798.
Also, same authority:
44 In examining the parliamentary history of im-
peachments it will bo found that many offenses not
easily definable by law, and many of a purely politi-
cal character, have been deemed high crimes and
misdemeanors, worthy of this extraordinary remedy.
Thus lord chancellors and judges and other magis-
trates have not only been impeached for bribery and
acting grossly contrary to the duties ot their office,
but for misleading their sovereign by unconstitutional
opinions, and ior attempts to subvert the fundamental
laws, and introduce aibitrary power. So, where a
,lord chancellor has been thought to have put the
great seal to an ignominious treaty; a lord admiral
to ha\o neglected the safeguard of the sea; an em-
bassador to have betrayed his trust; a privy coun-
selor to have propounded or supported pernicious and
dishonorable measures; or a confidential adviser of
his sovereign to have obtained exorbitant grants or
incompatible employments—these have been all
deemed impeachable offenses."—Story's Com., book 3,
chap. 10, sec. 798.
Mr. Story, after his examination of impeach-
ment trials in England and the few cases in this
country, came to the following conclusion in
regard to the rule applicable to trials of im-
peachment before the Senate of the United
Slates:
44 Congress have unhesitatingly adopted the conclu-
sion that noprevious statute is necessary to authorize
an impeachment for any oflicial misconduct, and the
rules of proceeding and tho rules of evidence, as well
as tho principles of decision, have been uniformly
promulgated by the known doctrines of tho common
law and parliamentary usage. In the few cases of
impeachment which have hitherto been tried no one
of thecbarges has rested upon any statutable misde-
meanor."~tbVori/'s Com., book 3, chap. 10, sec. 797.
Although we have shown that both English
and American authorities sustain us in the
position that an offense need not be punishable
or indictable by statute law to be an impeach-
able offense, yet we arc told that British pre-
cedent should not influence the case, because
they hold the ministers of the Crown account-
able for the honesty, legality, and utility of
measures proposed by them, and punishable
by impeachment for failure in any of these
particulars; yet that construction of the law of
impeachable offenses has obtained because Par-
liament in Great Britain is substantially omnip-
otent; they may pass ex post facto, retroact-
ive laws, bills of attainder, and even change
the constitution itself; therefore, that when
the Commons present any officer of the Gov-
ernment for any claimed offense, it is not to be
considered whether it is made so by any pre-
existing laws; because, if the Commons im-
peach and the Peers adjudge the party pre-
sented guilty, the joint action of the two Houses
would only be irr4 effect to declare the act
complained of to be noxious or injurious;
although not so enacted by any previous legis-
i lation, and that this would be within their clear
i right. But that our Constitution, by prohibit-
| ing the passage of any retroactive or ex post
> facto law or any bill of attainder, has limited
impeachment lor high crimes and misdemean-
ors to those acts only which have been declared
! to be such crimes and misdemeanors by pre-
! existing laws; and, therefore, in this country,
whatever might be the case in England, iin*
; peachment must be limited to such offenses
; only as are made so by statute or at common
| law. There is force and speciousness, to say
no more, in this view, and it deserves a careful
: and candid consideration.
I The weight of the argument is derived front
| the suggestion that the judgment following im-
I peachment is in truth a punishment of crime:
j that failing the argument fails. True it is, our
j Constitution forbids the passage of any retro-
| active or ex post facto law, or bill of attainder,
I as a punishment for crime; but it is equally
