1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
128?
act of Congress changing the southern boundary
line of the State of Kansas from the 37th parallel
of latitude to the parallel of 36 north latitude,
to correspond with the southern boundary of
Missouri.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kansas, memorializing Con-
gress to grant the invalid soldiers of the war of
1812 pensions from the date of injury or from
the date of discharge.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of
citizens of Lake county, Illinois, for a harbor
at Waukeegan, Illinois.
By Mr. HARDING: The petition of Henry
Evrett, for an honorable discharge.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia: The
petition of Lee Haymond and others, late offi-
cers in the Army of the United States, pro-
testing against the passage of the bill prohib-
iting the payment of the difference between
eleven and sixteen dollars per month in the pay
of officers' servants from May 1,1864, to March
8, 18(55.
By Mr. McCARTHY: The petition of sev-
eral citizens of Syracuse, New York, asking
for the abolishing of bonded warehouses.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of citizens of
Philadelphia and New Jersey, setting forth that
the harbor at Atlantic City and Absecom Inlet,
New Jersey, is endangered by encroachment
by the sea, and praying action on the subject.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of leading
saddlery and harness manufacturers of Phila-
delphia, for the repeal of internal revenue
taxes now levied on such products.
Also, the petition of manufacturers of wooden
materials in the third congressional district of
Pennsylvania, asking a repeal of all taxes upon
such articles for building purposes or otherwise.
Also, the petition of ten officers of North
Carolina and Tennessee regiments who are
excluded from the benefits of the act of March
4, 1865, asking "three months' extra pay" to
all officers mustered into the service in March
and April, 1865.
By Mr. ORTH: The petition of Theresa
Weise, for pension.
By Mr. TROWBRIDGE: The petition of
Neil Gray, A. B. Rawles, and 72 others, citizens
of Romeo, Michigan, praying for such revision
of the revenue laws as shall restore the balance
of trade to this country, and thus give work to
our now unemployed workmen.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of T. P.
Sheldon and 31 others, citizens of Kalama-
zoo county, Michigan, praying Congress for a
reduction of expenditures and taxation.
Also, the petition of E. O. Humphrey and
30 others, of the same place, for like purpose.
Also, the petition of John P. Clark and 11
others, of same place, for same purpose.
Also, the petition of John Mills and 73
others, for same purpose.
By Mr. WINDOM: Resolutions of citizens
of St. Cloud, Minnesota, asking aid to the
Northern Pacific railroad.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 20, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. S. Peck, D. D., of Boston,
Massachusetts.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 719) for the surrender
of persons convicted of certain crimes was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance wiih
a resolution of the Senate of the 3d instant,
information in relation to the existing laws
regulating the carriage of passengers in steam-
ships and other vessels; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
B e also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States, transmitting
a report from the Attorney General, prepared
in compliance with a resolution adopted by the
Senate on the 2d of December last requesting
"q. full list of the names of all persons par-
doned by the President since May 1,1865, who
have been convicted of counterfeiting United
States bonds, greenbacks, national bank cur-
rency, fractional currency, or the coin of the
United States, with the date of issuing it, and
by whom recommended;" which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of Amos
Clark, of Texas, praying to be relieved from
all civil disabilities imposed on him by acts of
Congress; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of New York, praying for the repeal of
the tax upon annual gains, profits, and income;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. MORGAN. I also present a petition
of citizens of New York, asking for a reduction
of taxes, and especially that the Navy may be
reduced from one hundred and three vessels
now in commission to thirty or less, and that
the Army be reduced to twenty thousand men,
and that the expenses of the civil service be
reduced to $20,000,000, that the Navy appro-
priations be reduced to $12,000,000, and the
war appropriations to $35,000,000 or less.
They also ask that the useless steam revenue
cutters at sea and on the lakes be laid up and
their wasteful expenses stopped. I move that
this petition be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
late officers of the Army, protesting against
the passage of the bill relative to commutation
for officers' servants' pay ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also presented four petitions of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying the repeal of the
law establishing bonded warehouses; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a resolution of the councils
of the city of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that the Government powder magazines
may be removed from the Alleghany arsenal
to some proper place outside the limits of the
city; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. STEWART presented the petition of
Alexander J. Atocha, praying the passage of
an act authorizing the Court of Claims to
reserve certain evidence in the examination of
his claim ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
ITe also presented fourteen petitions of
citizens of Nevada, praying the organization
of a land district to be composed of the county
of Esmeralda, in Nevada, and the counties of
Mono and Inyo, in the State of California, and
the establishment of a laud office at Aurora,
Nevada; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the memorial
of John Beeson, protesting against the pay-
ment of the Oregon Indian war bonds to spec-
ulators, and praying the appointment of com-
missioners to take the testimony of sufferers
by Indian depredations, with a view to the
payment of what is due to them; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. NORTON presented resolutions adopted
at a meeting of citizens of northern Minnesota,
held at St. Cloud February 12, 1868, in favor
of granting aid to the Northern Pacific rail-
road ; which were referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. HOWE presented petitions of Sydney
L. Fontaine, R. Lawson Fulton, and^ James
B. Simpson, citizens of Texas, praying the
removal of the disabilities imposed upon them
by acts of Congress; which were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLING presented ths memorial
of H. M. Tiller, of Colorado, remonstrating
against the admission of Colorado as a State
into the Union ; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Mr. BUCKALE W. I present the memorial
of Dr. Thomas Antisell, of the District of
Columbia, on the subject of the ventilation of
the Senate Chamber, and proposing certain
changes in the arrangements connected with
that subject.
First, That the glass portion of the roof should
be raised at least eight feet, and that an> air-
tight ceiling should be placed beneath the pres-
ent copper roof.
Second, That the illumination of the Cham-
ber by gas should be made by lanterns and re-
flectors, with chimneys to carry off the- heated
products of combustion.
Third, That the air-ducts under the floor of
the Chamber be remodeled in shape so that
they may deliver the heated air effectively at
various parts of the Chamber floor.
This memorial sets forth sundry proceedings
that have taken place under the direction of
the Sergeant-at-Arms in connection with this
subject. I desire to accompany this memorial
with a former report made by the same gentle-
man to the Committee on Ventilation. As
there is no committee charged with this par-
ticular subject at present, 1 move that these
papers be "referred to the Committee on the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
RBrORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred
the memorial of J. M. Miller, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the letter of
James Park, jr., asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am also instructed by
the same committee, to whom was referred the
petition of George S. Fisher, late United States
consul at Kanagawa,-Japan, praying relief for
losses sustained by fire on the 26th Novem-
ber, 1866, to report it back. The committee
have had the subject under consideration, and
they find no precedents that would warrant
them in recommending an appropriation to
relieve the losses sustained for this consul,
some twelve thousand dollars. They there-
fore ask to be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
Mines and Mining, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 156) to establish a national school
of mines, reported it without amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom w'as re-
ferred the bill (II. R. No. 599) making appro-
priations for the support of the Military
Academy for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1869, reported it with amendments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES. I have had placed in my
hand a bill which I have not had an opportu-
nity to read, and therefore I do not feel my-
self at all responsible for anything that is in
it. I present the bill now without notice, and
ask to have it referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. ,
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 374) to amend an
act entitled "An act for a grant of lands to
the State of Iowa in alternate sections to aia
in the construction of a railroad in said State,
approved May 12, 1864; and it was read twi.ee
by its title, and referred to the Committee an
Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
375) to provide for retiring Army officers for
wounds received in the volunteer service in the
