2312
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
eminent, or in case no other remedy is avail-
able so as to make the clause read:
Or if any citizen shall have been arrested and de-
tained, whose release upon demand shallhave been
unreasonably delayed or refused, the President shall
be, and hereby is, empowered to suspend in part or
wholly commercial relations with the said Govern-
ment,, or, in -cose too other remedy is available, to
order the arrest and to detain in custody any sub-
ject or citizen of such foreign Government who
may be found within the jurisdiction of the United
States-, &g.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to hav-
ing a vote 011 that amendment.
Now, Mr. Speaker, before calling the pre-
vious question, I will ask the adoption of an
amendment to the phraseology, which was
proposed some time ago by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kebr,] now absent. It
is to strike out at the end of the first section
the words "and therefore mill and Void."
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the verbal amendment stated by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts wilt be considered as
adopted.
There was no objection.
Mr. BANKS. ] now call the previous ques-
tion upon the bill and pending amendments.
Mr. CHANLEK. I call for the reading of
the bill and amendments.
The Clerk read the bill and pending amend-
ments.
Mr. BANKS. I now renew the call for the
previous question upon the bill and pending
amendments.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion, there were—ayes .W, noes '20: no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER, umlertherule, ordered tell-
ers ; and appointed Messrs. B in'ks and,) enckks.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 71, noes 2">.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Baxks] is now entitled to
the floor to close the debate.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I have only a
few words to say in addition to what ] have
already said on this subject., and I will not
trespass long upon the attention of the House.
In regard to the remark of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Baker,] who wished to
amend the preamble by striking out that part
which refers to the claim of European nations,
I have only to say that it is referred to as a
claim. Whether the claim be well foundedor
not it is certainly a claim made by those Gov-
ernments. and a claim which we deny. We
know perfectly well that it is not true.
Mr. BAKEK. Will tl io gentleman allow me
to read a few lines of the preamble V
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAKEB. The language of the pre-
amble is:
"Whereas the right of expatriation is a nntural and
inherent right of all people, indispensable to the
enjoyment of the rights of life, liberty, and I he pur-
suit of happiness, for the protection of which the
Government of the United states was established ;
and wberoas, in the recognition of this principle,
this Government has freely received emi^nuits from
all nations and invested them with the rights of citi-
zenship—
So far it is all right and all true,as I believe—
and whereas it is claimed that all such American
citizens with their descendants are subjects of for-
eign States, owing allegiance to the Governments
theieof.
The language "all such American citizens"
extends the statement back to the foundation
of the Government.
Mr. BANKS. The word "all'' has been
stricken out.
Mr. BAKER. When was that done?
Mr. BANKS. U lien the bill was reported.
i Mr. BAKEIl. Well, I was speaking of the
bill as I find it on the file.
Mr. BANKS. Now, Mr. Speaker, I have
a few words to say in regard to the amendment
of mv colleague, [Mr. Eliot,] which might as j
well be a motion to strike out the enacting |
clause of the bill. Before reading that, amend- !
ment, however, I have one suggestion to make ,
in regard to the general subject.
This bill presents a matter of legislation dif-
ferent in character from that which ordinarily
comes before us. It is legislation for the pur-
pose of affecting the action of other Govern-
ments. Ordinarily legislation is for the pur-
pose of affecting our own Government. Here
we propose to affect the action of foreign Gov-
ernments, of European Governments, and that
gives it a distinctive character as a legislative
act. It stands, therefore, upon different prin-
ciples, and involves different considerations.
If members of the House do not care by its
action to affect the course and conduct of other
Governments, I have nothing to say ; that it is
for them to judge. If gentlemen who repre-
sent constituents composed in great part of
naturalized citizens are indifferent to the action
and theclaimsof otherGovernments, and to the
rights and claims of our own Government, I have
nothing to say. If my colleague is willing that
citizens of the United States shall be arrested
in foreign countries for acts done and words
spoken here: if he is willing that a member of
this House, as one of its members—a native-
born citizen of Massachusetts was once so ar-
rested by a foreign Government for no crime
committed against that Government—then his
amendment is well adapted to effect bis object.
It presents a case past argument. If such
legislation answers the purpose of the House,
we have nothing to say. It is not an affair
of ours. The Committee on Foreign Affairs
leports this bill as the measure best calculated
in the judgment of its members to secure from
other Governments the recognition of the rights
we claim on behalf of naturalized as well as
native-born American citizens.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me ask gentlemen
how it is expected we can influence foreign
Governments upon this subject if we adopt.no
measures to affect that action? We can have
no law they are bound to consider. For seventy-
nine years the Aine; ican Government has con-
stantly and persistently proposed to foreign
Governments its consideration, but they have
politely, and in their view properly, declined
to meet our wishes on this subject. They say
tliey are quite willing to concede whatever
rights Americans may claim under their own
laws: but when we come to matters affecting
their affairs they claim the same right that we*
exercise; thai is to say, they treat, it as
question of domestic legislation, and decline
to consider the claims of our Government made
in behalf of its naturalized citizens. We have
practiced the expedients now leeorded by my
colleague for nearly three quarters of a cen-
tury. We have remonstrated, we have de-
el.ned that it must affect disadvuntageously
our friendly relations; wo have oven gone so
f:ii- as to make war, but all to no purpose.
We have found no method to compel thein
to give that attention to the subject which is
necessary for its final and just settlement.
What we now propose is a method of accom-
plishing that object. It compels foreign Gov-
ernments, at least, to consider and decide upon |
for themselves and for us ; and we entertain j
no doubt whatever, when such attention is \
given to this subject, that it will be settled
finally and with ju.-tice to all parties. We
cannot doubt this. But so long as we allow
this matter to postpone and evade its decision,
so long will it be delayed, and so long will our
citizens be exposed to injury and wrong.
Mi. SCO FIELD. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts if the remedy
be pioposcs is to authorize the President of
the United States to arrest travelers? It that
be so, then is it not the same as the remedy
practiced by King Theodoras, of Abyssinia,
with perfect success, so far as we have heard? j
Mr. BANKS. I understand, so far as the j
Abyssinian king, Theodoras, is concerned, that !
he has not arrested travelers for the settle-
ment of a case like this. What he does in re- j
gard to his Government he does in his own i
way. What we propose is for the action of the i
General Government in regard to our own af- ;
fairs. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania i
thinks this is of no more consequence to us
than the conduct of King Theodora^ in the
administration of the affairs of his kingdom,
we cannot, expect to convince him of the neces-
sity of the action we propose.
Air. SCOFIELD. I used it only by wry of
illustration. Do I understand the gentleman
to say that he proposes to accomplish this re-
sult in any other way except by authorizing
the President of the United States to arrest
travelers ?
Mr. BANKS. I propose to make a declara-
tion of the rights of our Government, and to
compel foreign Governments to consider them.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 'You propose to do it by
the arrest of travelers.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; T do not propose
to arrest any travelers. The word is not. used
in the bill. I do not propose that anybody
shall be arrested. I propose the United States
Government shall, in the exercise of powers
conferred upon it by Congress, be able to com-
pel foreign Governments to take action on this
subject, with a view to the settlement of this
question between us and them ; and, sir, it is
our belief that ifthepovverrecommended in this
bill be conferred upon the Government, there
will be no occasion for the arrest of anybody.
Twenty-five years ago Mr. Webster, in one-
of the ablest of his dispatches—a dispatch
which I believe is accounted by his friends as
doing the greatest honor to his great intellect—
presented in the clearest and strongest man-
ner the necessity of preserving the peace of
the Government by a final arrangement of this
question between the United States and Eng-
land. The English Government paid no regard
to it whatever. They never so far considered
it as to answer it. It was referred by Lord
Ashburton to his Government almost without
comment, and I think it never obtained any
consideration whatever from that Government.
The reason was that they claim this to be a
domestic question affecting their own local
Government with which we have nothing to
do. So long as we allow that claim, so long
they will exercise the power of which our peo-
ple complain.
Now, I ask the attention of the House to
^the status of this question as it affects England,
and I do not speak of England as an excep-
tion to the Governments of osher foreign coun-
tries. In England a change of ministry is
probable. T here are domestic difficulties of a
very serious nature, which threaten not only
the success of the present administration, but,
perhaps, the stability of the Government itself.
England has traditions upon this question which
she has maintained for six hundred years. No
administration and no minister 1ms ever sur-
rendered or proposed to surrender them. I
ask any member of this House if he expects
that the Government of the United States can
call upon the administration of the English Gov-
ernment. at this time to voluntaiilv abandon
English traditions and laws and recognize the
principles of the American Government upon
the subject of citizenship and allegiance unless
the American Government shall make such a
demand for action as to compel consideration
if not acquiescence in our demands. In the
absence ol_ such action on our pait any En--
. administration that should, without neets-
sity concede that which we regard as .i-ht
wou d be overturned in an hour beeansS it
would be construed by its opponents as an un-
necessary abandonment of everything that
England has claimed through all her adminis-
trations in regard to her right to control her
11 w r) til niniimo * . j r. .
ance,
over
own municipal legislation in the flr.-t ii^ts
and secondly m regard to her junction over
bubjects who ha\« leit her dominions without
her consent. Ub
If we expect any Government to act upon
this question m such a manner as to satisfy our
demands we are bound in honor aml iu£ *
to present, it in such manner as to satisfv all
classes of people and all parties that it cannot
be disregaided. I have said already that if k
is considered we shall have a satisfactory jud£
