254
SUPPLEMENT TO
true that it says that "judgment is cases of
impeachment shall not extend further than to
removal from office and disqualification to hold
and enjoy any office of honor, trust, or profit
tinder the United States; but the party con-
victed shall, nevertheless, be liable and subject
toindictment, trial, judgment, and punishment,
according to law." Thus it appears that the
judgment of impeachment is nota punishment
for crimes nor misdemeanors, but extends only
to removal from office or disqualification to
hold office, leaving the party (if a crime is com-
mitted) io be punished therefor by other provis-
ions of law, which shall neither be retroactive,
ex %)Osi facto, nor iu the nature of a bill of
attainder.
This provision would seem, therefore, to
make it clear that impeachment is not a pun-
ishment for crime. True, an officer may be
impeached for a crime, technically, either by
common or statute law, but he cannot be pun-
ished therefor as a part of the judgment of im-
peachment. He can only be removed from
office, aud his punishment, if any, is left to the
ordinary courts. We are led to consider, there-"
fore, whether, in the language of the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States, the term
" removal from office" is anywhere used as the
penalty for a crime. Of course that phrase
must have the same construction, whether found
in the Constitution, which is paramount law
only, or in the statutes enacted in conformity
with the Constitution, which are equally laws
of the United States.
Now, it is admitted by all sides that any
officer may be removed under our laws for auy
reason, no reason, or for political reasons sim-
ply, the contest between the Executive and
Congress being as to the person or body by
whom such rein oval shall be exercised—-whether
by the President alone or by the President and
Senate in concurrence, or whether such right
of removal may bo restrained by legislation.
This power of removal by somebody is recog-
nized in a variety of statutes, but nowhere as
the penalty for crime. The phrase "removal
from oflice" appears only oucc in the Consti-
tution. Must it not, therefore, have the same
meaning and construction there as it does in
the other laws of the United States'? Is not
this construction of the phrase " removal from
office" made certain by the uniform legislation
and practice oftho Government? And as the
phia.se "removal from office'' is only found iu
the Constitution as the consequence of convic-
tion upon iaipeachment, the judgment, of which
can extend 110 further than such removal or
disqualification for office, is it not equally cer-
tain that such judgment is not a punishment for
crime, aud, therefore) that an officer may be
removed by impeachment for political reasons,
as he may be for the same reasons by any De-
partment of the Government in which the right
of removal is vested ?
[s not this view of the constitutional pro-
vision strengthened by this consideration : that
by the theory of and practice under the Con-
stitution, every officer, other than the Pres-
ident and Viee President, maybe, and iu prac-
tice is, removable by the power that appointed
him at pleasure ; or, in other words, when the
service of the Government, in the judgment of
the appointing power, seems to make such
removal necessary and proper ? Is it not,
therefore, more consonant with the theory of
the Constitution to hold that the President may
be removed from office by presentment of the
House, who represent in his ease the people
who appointed him, if the reasons for the re-
moval shall be found sufficient by two thirds
ot the Senate, who, by the Constitution, are to
adjudicate thereupon ! Can we not illustrate
this by supposing a case of inability in the
President to perform the duties of his office
because of his insanity? Now, insanity is not
a crime, but every act of an insane man might,
and almost necessarily would, be a misde-
meanor iu office.
Is the phrase misdemeanor in office any
more than the Norman French translation of
the English word misbehavior? Judges are
to hold office during good behavior. Is not |
that equivalent to saying they hold office during
good demeanor, i. e., while they demean them-
selves well in office? Are not both phrases
the equivalent of the Latin one "dum se bene
gesserit?"
How is an insane President or an insane
judge to be removed under our Constitution?
Clearly not until his insanity is ascertained.
By whom is that to bo ascertained? The Con-
stitution makes no provision save by present-
ment by the House, and adjudication by the
Senate. And it is remarkable, as sustaining
this argument, that the first case of impeach-
ment of a judge under our Constitution, Judge
Pickering's, was of an insane man, as the de-
fense allege, and clearly made out by evidence.
Judge Pickering was removed, the defense of
insanity apparently not being considered by
the Senate. Is it not clear that the process
of impeachment, under the English constitu-
tion, being a mode of punishment of all crimes,
as well as a method by which an officer whose
official or personal conduct was hurtful to the
State might be removed, that our Constitution
limiting the form of impeachment to removal
only takes away from it its punitive element
which it vests in the ordinary courts of law
alone; thus leaving the process of impeach-
ment an inquisition of oflice for any act of the
officer or cause which the House of Represent-
atives might present as, and the Senate adju-
dicate to be, hurtful to the State or injurious to
the common weal.
Will any one say that if the President should
veto every bill that should pass the Congress—
and there not bo a two-thirds vote against his
veto—and thereby defeat all appropriations,
so as to completely block the wheels of Gov-
ernment, that he could not be impeached for
an improper use of said power, although he is
authorized by the Constitution to use such
power? Here would bo a case wherein the
exercise of lawful power was done in such a
way as to become so oppressive and obviously
wrong that there must be a remedy, and im-
peachment would be the only one.
DEFINITION OF CRIMKS AXD MISDHMK.YNORS.
Having thus shown that a party can be im-
peached for offenses not punishable by statute
law, it behooves us next to inquire what have
been the definitions of crimes and misdemean-
ors as used by writers of acknowledged author-
ity. It is by the light of these definitions that
wo arc to inquire and determine what culpa-
bility, if any, attaches to each and all of the
acts by the President of which we complain,
and how far he may palliate or justify the act
after having admitted its performance. These
which I shall read are but few among the many
authoritative definitions of crimes aud misde-
meanors.
What is a crime? Blackstone defines a
crime or misdemeanor as being—
" An act committed or omitted in violation of a
public laweitherforbidding or commanding it. This
general definition comprehends both crimes and mis-
demeanors, which, properly speaking, aro mere
synonymous terms; though 111 common usage the word
crimes is made to denote such offenses as aro of
deeper and nioro atrocious dye; while smaller faults
and omissions of less eonsequcncc are comprised un-
der tile K011 tlei name of misdemeanors only."—U lack-
atone'* ibmiiienfm-irg, book 4, p. 5.
"The distinction of public wrongs from private
crimes and misdemeanors from civil injuries seems
principally to consist in this: that plivatc wrongs or
civii injuries areiui infringement or privation of the
civil rights which belong to individuals lucicty as
individuals; public wrongs or crimes and nusdo-
meanors arc a, breach and violation of the public
rights and duties due to the whole community con-
sidered as a community in its social aggregate capa-
city."—JJtuclctlone'v Commented its, book 4, p. 5.
""When the words high crimes and misdemeanors
aro used ill prosecutions by impeachment, the words
high crimes and misdemeanors have no definite sig-
nification, but are used luerelyto give greater solem-
nity to the charge."—ISen/enen from a note to Black-
Ktoiie's Commentaries, 5 Christian.
Or, to state it stronger even than Blackstone
does, that the defendant, may have the benefit
of it, a crime or misdemeanor is the violation
of a public law where there shall be a joint
operation of act and intention in the perpetra-
tion of the act.
Mr. Blake, in discussing Prescott's case,
defines a misdemeanor perhaps better than I
have heretofore stated it. I will therefore give
his definition:
"To misconduct is to misbehave; to misbehave is
to misdemean; to misdemean is to be guilty of amis-
demeanor—nothing more—nothing less. The term is
technical, signifying a crime; hence it follows, as a
conclusion from these premises, that misconduct or
misbehavior, in its legal interpretation, can signify
nothing less.
ISTENTION—HOW DETERMINED.
When the unlawful act is shown, how, then,
do we gather the intention '/ It can only be
done from all the circumstances surrounding
the commission of the act.
I believe it is a rule, both in law and morals,
that every man is presumed to intend the nat-
ural and probable consequences of his own
act. A good motive never accompanies a bad
act, nor a bad one a good act.
Mr. Buchanan, in the trial of Judge Peck,
states this proposition so clearly that I will
adopt his language, (with his quotations):
"'Out of the abundance of the heart the mouth
speaketh,' 'The tree is known by the fruit,' are ax-
iomswhich we have derived from the fountain of all
truth. Actions speak louder than words, and it is
from the criminal actions the judges must infer the
criminal intention."
Speaking of the respondent, Peek, he says ;
" If ho shall, in an arbitrary manner and without
the authority of law, imprison a citizen of this coun-
try and thus consign him to infamy, are you not to
infer his intention from the act? Is not the act
itself the best source from which to draw the infer-
ence? Must we, without any evidence, in the spirit
of false charity and mercy ramble out of the record
to imagine a good motive for this bad conduct?
Such rule of decision would defeat the execution
of all human laws. No man can doubt but that
many a traitor during the American devolution
believed in his conscience that he owed allegiance
to tho king of Great Butain and would violate his
duty to God if he should lend the least aid in the
cause of freedom. But if such a man had commit-
ted treasonable acts, will any person say he was
not guilty of treason because in liis secret heart tic
miaht hare had a good intention? Docs a poor,
hungry, naked wretch lileh from my pocket a single
dollar to satisfy the cravings of appetite, tho law in-
fers a felonious intent, and he must be convicted and
punished as a thief, though he may have had no other
purpose but that of saving himsett and his children
from starvation. And shall a man who has been
selected to fill a high judicial position on account of
liis knowledge ot the laws of the land be permitted
to come before tho Senate and say: 'It is very true
that X dul, against law, imprison an American citi-
zen and doprive hini tor eighteen months of prac-
tising that profession by which lie lived: it is true
that I violated the Constitution ot the United States
by inflicting on him unusual punishment, but I did
not know any bettor; 1 had a good intention.' "
And, Mr. President, in the case at bar are
we to be told that this violation of law car-
ries with it no bad motive, that the law was
broken merely to test its strength? Is a man
to be permitted to break a law under the pre-
tense of testing ils constitutionality? Are the
opinions of a man against the soundness of a
law to shield him from punishment for tho vio-
lation of said law? If so, the opinion of the
criminal becomes the rule by which you are to
try him, instead of the law which he has bro-
ken. If this doctrine be established every
traitor in the land will find a complete justifi-
cation for his many crimes against the Gov-
ernment of the United States in this: that he
believed that secession was no violation of the
Constitution. Doubtless every robber and
murderer has some reason by which he justi-
fies himself in his own mind for the commis-
sion of his crimes. But is that a justification
or excuse in law? Had Booth (the assassin)
been captured alive, doubtless 011 his trial he
would have said that he thought he was doing
no wrong in murdering the President, could
he thereby have advanced the interests of his
friends in the South; and would have also
stated, no doubt, that he was advised by his
friends to commit the act. And the accused
claims the same as an excuse for his conduct.
He claims that he was advised by his minis-
ters at the heads of the different branches of
the executive department. But, sir, in neither
case can such an excuse be considered as in
the least manner forming any justification or
excuse in law. This plea, answer, or excuse
pleaded, if believed by the President and his
learned counsel as being any excuse whatever
