4360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
that, we probably have the remedy; and if that
is not the remedy the next step is to enforce
that doctrine of the right of expatriation, not
by withdrawing your representative, not by
hard words, but by hard blows ; and it is the
only way that the right of expatriation can be
enforced. Therefore I shall vote to strikeout
this third section.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I also shall
veto to strike out this section. It seems to me
it is out of place here. We shall do our duty
if ive, as we do in the first and second sections,
declare the rule of law applicable to immigrants
coming to this country; in other words, if we
vindicate according to the language of this
bill the right of expatriation. That is the real
point in issue ; there is no other point; and as
the Senator from New Jersey has reminded us,
on that point our own greatest jurists have con-
curred with the English authorities. He quoted
Story. I might also quote Kent. 1 have his
words here on my table. I might quote Ells-
worth, one of our earliest chief justices. I
migh t quote Washington, a very able judge of
our Supreme Court, who said that lie must be
wiser than he was at that time if he undertook
to declare that any man could release himself
from his obligations to his country without the
consent of that country.
Now, as I understand it, this bill does meet
precisely the difficulties raised by these various
expressions of opinion from high authorities
in our courts. _ Why not stop there? Why go
beyond that into debatable ground? Why
undertake to give remedies which the case does
not require, and, as the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fhskenden] says, does not admit of. I
accept his amendment; it does not admit of
the remedy proposed. The remedies are out
of place. They are inapplicable. The pan-
acea does not appiy. I know the Senator from
Oregon does not see it so ; and when I know
how excellent he is as a lawyer I am led for
the moment to hesitate in my own conclusions;
but still, after the best reflection I have been
able to give this question, the Senator must
pardon me if 1 do say that his amendment is
entirely inappropriate. Besides, when I look
at it I see that it does undertake to give powers
to the President which are not defined. It
says all powers except acts of war. Very well;
we have had a learned discussion in the couise
of this debate on that subject, and Senators in
my eye, particularly one very determined Sen-
ator, have insisted that reprisals, with all their
barbarism, were not acts of war, but were acts
of peace. Under the interpretation which has
been given to acts of war oil this floor the
President would be justified in launching that
barbarism and disgracing the country and the
age. The Senator shakes his head. I simply
speak according to the fact, and his language
is susceptible of such an interpretation. It
does open the door to such an abomination.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the time for
taking the recess be extended twenty minutes,
and that at five o'clock the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CONNESS. That is a doable motion.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will give way for a vote,
but I fear we are not going to have a vote.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the recess occur at
five o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mi\ SUMNER. We cannot reach a vote by
that time.
Mr. ANTHONY. I make the motion that
the recess be extended for twenty minutes, and
that at five o'clock we proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business. We can refer the
nominations on the table, and that will make
one day's difference in the progress of business.
Mr, HENDRICKS. I think we shall save
time by going on to the conclusion of this
discussion. Every time the bill is taken up the
discussion must necessarily spring up anew,
and we shall save time if we go on now until it
is concluded. I am in favor of the proposition
of the Senator from Rhode Island that the time
for taking a recess be extended.
Mr. ANTHONY. If Senators want to come
back here for an executive session next week
I shall interpose no further objection. I give
it up. I have been trying all day to get an
executive session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from New Jersey has given the debate an
entirely new turn, and that is that the bill is
utterly unauthorized on the American prin-
ciple,^ or on the doctrine of international law;
that is to say the doctrine of expatriation is
not sound.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
the 
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate, and which has been
received by unanimous consent, is the motion
that the time for taking the recess be extended
twenty minutes.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is not my motion.
I withdraw my motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I objected to that in
my seat.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
cannot be entertained except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. I simply wish
to correct my friend from Maine, [Mr. MOR-
bill.] I certainly hold the very opposite opin-
ion to that which lie ascribes to me. My state-
ment was that the jurists of this country had
held that expatriation was not a right, arid we
hold the contrary doctrine, and asserted it bv
this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the time for the
recess will not be extended. As to the execu-
tive business, we can just as well go into exec-
utive session and refer the nominations on the
table to-night as do it now.
Mr. A.NTH0NY. This evening is assigned
for special business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose it is. wo can
overrule that assignment. Three days ago fif-
teen minutes were assigned to close" this bill,
and we have been on it ever since, day and
night.
Mr. MORRTLL, of Vermont. And this
morning the understanding was that we should
have a vote without debate.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senators will let
us vote now we can vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why did not the Sen-
ator think ol that some time ago when he was
making a speech himself?
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Maine
has occupied as much time as I have to-day on
this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is very
much mistaken.
Mr. CONNESS. I was for passing the bill
and the Senator against it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; I was in
hopes we should have come to a conclusion on
it a long time ago.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I yielded the
floor to an explanation of my friend from
New Jersey.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. But my colleague
yielded the floor, and this question is a debat-
able question, and I choose to debate it.
Mr. MO Kit ILL, of Maine. I will not con-
test my colleague's right to the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question is debat-
able. Wo cannot take this vote before five
o'clock.
Mr. CONNESS. We will vote if the Sena-
tor will take his seat. There is time enough
to call the roll. That is allthere is to be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I yield, then, to let the
vote be taken. What is the question upon ?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is upon concurring in the Senate in the
amendment made to the bill in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the time
for taking the recess be extended for twenty
minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have sat here all day
in the hope that this bill would be disposed of
in some way, but it seems impossible to get rid
of it.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will make a motion
on which the Senator can vote. I move that
this bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CONKLING. What has become of the
motion in regard to the recess?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the vote on
my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion is out of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is ob-
jected to it is out of order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move to post-
pone the bill before the Senate for the purpose
of enabling me to make the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion to lie on the
table has precedence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to lie on the table takes precedence of all other
motions.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
'The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Illinois moves that the bill lie on the
table. Upon this question the yeas and nays
have been ordered. The Clerk will call the
roll.
Mr. CONKLING. At what time does the
recess occur?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. At five
o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. It is five o'clock now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk
will call the roll.
The call of the roll was commenced.
Mr. FESSENDEN, (when his name was
called.) I do not vote ; the time for the recess
has arrived ; it is now past five o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call of
the roll must not be interrupted.
The call of the roll was concluded; and the
result announced—yeas 4, nays 37 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Howard, Morrill of Vermont, Ross
and \ an Winkle—4.
, Abbott, Anthony, Buckalew, Cat-
toll Ctnmdler, Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Cragiu.
Doolittle Brake, terry, Frelinghuysen, Harlan
Hams Hendricks, MeOreery, McDonald, Morsan
Moil-Ill oi Maine, Nye, Osborn, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Puttcrson of lennessee, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Mice, bawyer, Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton,
Willcy, Wllliams, and Yates—37.
AliSiiLNI—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cole, Davis,
Dixon, Edmunds, lessenden, Fowler, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Howe, Kellogg, Morton, Norton, Pool, Kob-
W&, Wtiytc,Uaiid fa Sumncr-
So the Senate refused to lay the bill upon
the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the
order of the Senate, a recess will now be taken
until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled a,t half past seven
o clock p. m.
POSTAL 1ATVS.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following re-
port : ^
JJC committee of conference on the rlisngreoiu"-
votes of the two fIou.es to the bill UI. It. ISo. U!tS)
t) further amtmd the j)ostal laws, h;ivmy met aite r
full and iree contereneo, have agreed to iceommend
folfows:rCC°mmea<1, t0 their ^peeti"4 IlJu^ Is
to
iko
fourteen"^]*] 44 cVt lUe ond u^' stctiuil
abolished'!" asomae* are hereby
ALEXANDER R -UISEY
JAMES HAltLAN, '
Malingers on the part of the Senate.
0IUH-
n-,. Managers ou the part of the House.
Xiie report was concurred in.
DISTUICT CHARITABLE INSTITUTIONS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
0' 041) making appropriations for tlie ser-
