THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for his violations of law, we may here get some
clue to the hesitancy in the trial of Jefferson
Davis, the great criminal of the rebellion, (in-
asmuch as he certainly believed he was doing
no wrong in breaking the law, as his opinion
was that he was maintaining a great princi-
ple.) As the counsel, or a part of them, who
now defend tne President on this principle,
must prosecute Jeff. Davis against this princi-
ple, it would seem that, by adopting this theory,
they will succeed in releasing both instead of
convicting either.
Sii-s, adopt this new theory, and you thereby
unhinge the law, open wide the prison gates,
and give safe conduct to every criminal in the
land, no matter how high or low his position,
or how grave or small his offenses.
Having thus shown what are impeachable
offenses, the definition of crimes and misde-
meanors, and how we are to gather the inten-
tion of the accused in the violation of a law,
it becomes necessary to examine somewhat
the basis of the justification stated by the de-
fendant for his action.
respondent's defense to first two charges.
The respondent admits the facts upon which
the first charge rests, but denies that they con-
stitute an offense for which he is answerable to
this Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment.
This denial involves two inquiries:
1. Had the President the power to re-
move the Secretary op War under the cir-
cumstances by virtue of the Constitution
and the laws as tiiey stood prior to the
passage of the tenure-of-office act !
2. Had he the riciit to remove that of-
ficer under the tenure-of-office act?
It must be conceded that a negative answer
to either of these propositions is equivalent to
a verdict of guilty. The respondent has stated
his defense upon the highest possible grounds,
and it is of the first importance that his rea-
sons be put to the severest test, for they un-
derlie the whole network of our admirable
system of Government. The question here
involved was crowded into the smallest com-
pass by the respondent's distinguished pre-
mier, on a memorable occasion, when he put
to a gaping multitude, heated by the inflamma-
tory speech of this respondent, this question:
"Will you have Andrew Johnson President
or king?"
Sir, it was gratuitous in this respondent to
attempt to purge himself by his answer of an
intent to violate the Constitution and laws of
the land. Ilis answer stands upon a right
which he claims began with his high office, and
has clung to the President as an undisputed
prerogative since the days of Washington by
virtue of the Constitution. If he is right, the
motive, whether good or bad, cannot make him
answerable ; if he was wrong, the motive fol-
lows. The innocent violation of a law is not
supposable. If there was in this action of the
President the exercise of a rightful power he
must be acquitted of this charge; if he acted
outside and in violation of law he must be
convicted, whatever his motive. Let us, then,
examine the two inquiries suggested:
Sirs, I think there exists a widespread and
dangerous misapprehension as to the powers
and prerogatives of the President. We have
been in the habit of speaking of three coordi-
nate branches of Government in such connec-
tion and in such manner as to imply that each
possesses coequal power with the other. One
of the transcendently valuable results of the
late war lias been the fixing the powers of our
three branches of Government where they prop-
erly belong, the resolving of hitherto blended
powers into the original elements of Govern-
ment. The rebellion was a war of encroach-
ments upon the rights of the people. The
people triumphed, and they now insist that the
victory shall not be a barren one.
I hold that the President of the United States
possesses no power other than that given him
by the Constitution and the laws ; and I mean
by this that there are no inherent powers in
the Executive, no reserved authority, no im-
plied prerogatives other than those which are
necessarily dependent upon and derivable from
the expressed constitutional provisions and the
laws.
With the evils of a monarchy so fresh in their
memory the fratners of the Constitution sought
to surround the President with such checks
as to make liim a mere executive officer—the
servant of the people. His powers were spe-
cifically defined and confined to the narrowest
compass ; except the high honor of receiving
embassies as the representative of the Govern-
ment, he was stripped of all attributes of sov-
ereignty ; he was given no jurisdiction over
the legislative or judicial branches, bnt, on the
contrary, was made amenable to the former for
his unofficial as well as official conduct; he can
create no office, and his appointing power is
only conditional; he is unable to declare war
or alone make treaties; his authority is mainly
negative, confined chiefly to offering sugges-
tions to Congress ; granting pardons and re-
prieves, to concluding treaties and appointing
embassadors and other public officers " by and
with the advice aud consent of the Senate."
He is the Executive OJily, and " shall take care
that the laws be faithfully executed." He is
without the least judicial attribute; aud Mr.
Kent says:
" When laws are duly made and promulgated they
only remain to bo executed. No discretion is sub-
mitted to the executive officer. It is not for him to
deliberate and decide upon the expediency of the
law. W/nU lias been once dechired to be l<iw under all
the cautiouv forma of deUbertition prescribed by the Co)x-
stitution ought to receive prompt obedienec."—Kent's
Commentaries, vol. 1, p. 2lJl.
To the legislative is given the power of super-
vising the lixecutive's acts, and to remove him
from office for " high crimes and misdemean-
ors." At the time of the formation of our
Government so jealous were the people of their
rights and so fearful lest the President might
assume undue authority and obtain the power
of a monarch, that it was only by the most
strenuous exertions of the friends of the pro-
posed Constitution, in triumphantly showing
that this power of removal made him subserv-
ient to Congress, that the public mind became
reconciled, and the Constitution was finally
accepted by the people. They seemed even
then to well understand their rights. The great
danger attending the appointing power was
perceivcd. Then, as now, the people feared
the enormous patronage of the Executive if
left unrestricted, and they appreciated the fact
so patent to-day that lust for power would be
likely to corrupt officials and cause them to
" Crook the pregnant hinges of the kneo,
Where thrift may follow tawniug."
Hence, as was thought, " effective measures
of keeping officials virtuous while they con-
tinue to hold their public trusts" were inter-
posed by making the appointing power a depen-
dency upon the Senate. However we may
guard this power, it will ever be liable to be
made a source of corruption. Office will be
the bribe held out by unprincipled Executives;
and at all times there will be found, men base
enough to accept that bribe. This evil is un-
avoidable, and to save the nation as far as pos-
sible from this curse is appointment made a
joint power. The second clause of scction two,
article two, of the Constitution, says :
"He shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he
shall nominate, and by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of the
Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United
States whose appointments are not herein otherwise
provided for."
No shadow of authority is here given to the
President alone to appoint anv officer what-
ever, not even the most inferior, except as
invested with power by Congress; on the con-
trary, it is made a joint act of the President
and Smafe. And why was this made a joint
power? In order to protect public interests,
to prevent a vicious Executive from displacing
faithful officers and supplanting them with his
own tools and confedeiates; to prevent the
consummation of just such a conspiracy as
was conceived by the respondent to obtain
possession of all departments of Government, ,
and to use the power thus obtained against the
people, even it it involved another great 'na-
tional strife and appeal to arms. Bat,-what-
ever may have be.en the reasons whieh led to
this being made a cooperative power of the
President and Senate, the fact that it is thits
made stands uncoiitroverted, and cannot be
explained away. Words have lost their mean-
ing if other construction be put upon it. f
wish, however, to direct attention to the re-
markable connection of the appointing with
another—jthe treaty-making power. Manifestly
the framers of the Constitution had some ob-
ject in thus blending the two powers; and the
reasons given for making the President and
Senate parties to treaties apply with equal
force to the appointing power. Both the Sen-
ate and President are necessary to make a
treaty; and in the same sentence the same
parties are made the appointing power. Reck-
less of his acts as has been the respondent in
this case, and regardless as he has proved of
the Constitution, ho has never yet dared to
assume to be the sole treaty-making power in
this Government; that, without the concur-
rence of the Senate, he can conclude treaties
and annul them. Sirs, under the Constitution
the treaty-making and appointing powers are
identical; the same parties that make treaties
make appointments; the President and Senate
are both as essential in perfecting appoint-
ments as in making a treaty. And happy for
the American people is this so, or would we
again have the din of battle ringing in our
ears and war once more sweeping over the
land.
Human genius has not yet been able to frame
a rule for government in which all the powers
are so perfectly defined and balanced as to be
literally equal. Our own Constitution more
nearly approaches such a form than any other
that has been given to the world; but even iu
this instrument, framed by the wisest patriots
of the age, one branch in the Government is
made superior to the others. This superiority
follows from the nature ofthe duties with which
each branch is intrusted and the necessity of
some controlling influence—the exponent of
the people's will—in order to check usurpa-
tions and correct abuses, which in a republic
are likely to arise in departments not directly
responsible to the people. The grand object
to be attained by our Constitution was the con-
solidation of the several States into one nation
by such a compact as would secure "thegreat-
est good to the greatest number.'' It was to
be a Government of the people, for the people.
The experience of ages had shown the neces-
sity of a division of powers, and that one of
these powers should possess an influence su-
perior to that of the others; but no one power
was made supreme or wholly independent of
its contemporaries. The judiciary_is eminently
"conservative" in its character; it is depend-
ent upon the executive and legislative for its
existence and perpetuity, is without creative
authority, and its duties are mainly those of an
advisory character.
That controlling influence in this great trinity
of powers which form our Government is the
people, acting through their chosen Represent-
atives in Congress assembled. Even the most
casual reader of the Constitution must see that
such was the intent of its framers from the
wide range of authority-delegated, even to
regulating the executive and judiciary.
The Constitution lays down this great fund-
amental principle : "All power is derived from
the people." Congress is the only branch in
our Government chosen directly from and by
the people. The frequency of elections en-
ables the people to change or ratify any policy
that Congress may adopt by retiring its mem-
bers or indorsing their acts by reelection.
This makes the legislative the mouth-piece of
the people; to the people alone is Congress
responsible, and it is through Congress the
people are immediately represented in the
Government. The magnitude of the duties
assigned to the legislative, and the authority
