1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2313
ment. The claim we present is of such a char-
acter that it cannot be-denied by any Govern-
ment ihat expects to maintain friendly relations
with us. But so long as we leave them to decide
it for themselves alone, so long must we expect
a settlement of the question to be delayed.
Every foreign Government has a right to ask
of us not only a persistent but a positive claim
for action on their part in order to justify them
in yielding to the claim that we make. We
cannot expect tliein to abandon their own and
recognize our pi inciples unless we present, them
in such manner as to command action. Now.
in what way can it be so presented? The
Committee on Foreign Affairs believes it can
best be done by adopting the principle of re-
prisal, which is embodied in the third section
of the bill befoie us. and it has been reported
for this purpose. The amendment of my col-
league [Mr. Eliot] presentsadifferentmeihod.
His proposition is that if citizens of the United
States, native or foreign born, shall continue
to be arrested by foreign Governments, it shall
be " regarded as an offense to the United States
incompatible with the continuance of friendly
relations." Well now, sir, I do not want any
share in such legislation as that.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs one question, with his permission.
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to know if this
great question has been adjusted between our
Government and Prussia or the North Ger-
manic Confederation in a manner satisfactory
to our people ?
Mr. BANKS. I will speak of the Prussian
treaty in a moment.
Mr. ELIOT. I should like to have my col-
league state whether he represents, in what he
says as to this amendment of mine, the judg-
ment, as he understands it, of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BANKS. I do understand it to be their
unanimous judgment.
Mr. ELIOT. I beg leave to say that I differ
with mv colleague as to that.
Mr. BANKS. We have had many delibera-
tions upon this question. I understand that
every proposition that has been presented by
the chairman of the committee to the House
has had the unanimous consent of that, com
mittee, and I take it upon myself to say, with
pleasure, that I have refrained in every instance
from any attempt to impress upon the commit-
tee views of my own, and have presented to them
no proposition upon this subject which had not
the unanimous approval of the committee.
That is my reply to the question of my col-
league.
-1 have stated before that I have never sought
even to impress my own view.i upon the com-
mittee, much less to control that committee
upon any subject; and whenever I have made
a report from that committee my understand-
ing is that it has been with the unanimous con-
sent, of its members.
Now, let my colleague [Mr. Eliot] look at
his proposition for a moment. "Such delay
and refusal"—that is, delay or refusal to de-
liver up the citizens of the United States—
" shall be regarded as an offense to the United
States, incompatible with the continuance of
fiiendly relations." Now, I pass the word
"offense" as amounting to nothing. But I
would call.the attention of my colleague to the
result: " it will be incompatible with the con-
tinuance of friendly relations."
Now, I undertake to say that there are twenty
millions of our people whose rights of travel
and sojourn in other States are injuriously
affected by the claim of inalienable set up by
foreign Governments with regard to their na-
tive born subjects. Wherever there are ques-
tions pending between us and foreign Govern-
ments, like this now pending between us and
Great Britain, the claim is of such a character
that it covers a large part, if not the whole, of
our population.
1 do not know but that, in the judgment of
the House, I may have stated the point too
strongly. But if there be ten million or five
million, or one million or one thousand per-
sons thus affected—if there be one man thus
deprived of the rights of travel and sojourn in
other countries which are enjoyed by subjects
of other Governments in this country, it can-
not be expected of us that we are to submit to
it indefinitely; and yet these negotiations and
these injuries have continued nearly eighty
years without an approach to any settlement
whatever.
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few minutes?
Mr. BANKS. For how long a time?
Mr. ELIOT. Well, say ten minutes.
Mr. BANKS. 1 would inquire of the Chair
how much time I have.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour
commenced at twenty-eight minutes past two,
and he has now forty-four minutes of his hour
remaining.
Mr. BANKS. I will yield five minutes to
my colleague.
Mr. ELIOT. I will try and use that liberal
allowance of time as well as I may. In the
first place, it is charged by the gentleman who
has reported this bill [Mr. Baxks] that the
amendment which I have offered to-day, and
which I indicated some time ago, is one which
substantially repeals the enacting clause of this
bill. Now, I have a better opinion of the bill
reported by the gentleman from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs than he himself seems to
have. And, in my judgment, the amendment
which I have offered will make his bill a sen-
sible and an effective one, instead of a bill which,
if it shall have any effect at all, will probably
involve us in a war before the proper time shall
have arrived.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] is not the only gentleman here who
feels desirous that all proper legislation shall
be had to protect the rights of citizens of the
United States traveling abroad. But I differ
from him in supposing that the best way to do
that is to give the President of the United States
the arbitrary power to himself select such man
or men within the United States as he may
choose and to incarcerate them in ease inform-
ation shall come here of the arrest of one of
our citizens abroad, and in case that citizen is
not released from arrest within a certain time.
I am not in favor of giving the President power
to arrest any man, whoever he may be, whether
that man be a minister from abroad, whether
he be here representing some foreign Govern-
ment in its diplomatic relations, or whether he
be a traveler here within the confines of our
country; whether he be here officially or un-
officially. In my judgment the end which the
gentleman seeks to gain will not be attained in
the best manner by permitting the President to
order such arrest ex tnero tnotu upon a case
found by him.
Now, sir, the preamble of this bill recites an
important principle in legislative form ; all that
it is desirable to have embodied in the law.
The first section of the bill provides—•
That any declaration, instruction, opinion, order,
or decision of any officers of this Governmentwliieh
denies, restricts, impairs, or questions the risht of
expatriation is hereby declared inconsistent with the
fundamental principles of this Government, and
therefore null and void.
I hold it important that a declaration of that,
kind should bo made, and made in the form of
law.
The second section proposes to declare—
That all naturalized citizens of the United States
while in foreign States shall bo entitled to, and shall
receive trom this Government, the same protection
of persons and property that is auooideit to native-
born eitizens in like situation and eiicumstances.
That is a legislative declaration never here-
tofore made, a declaration of vital importance,
which I for one should be glad to see incor-
porated into the laws of the country. I hen,
in the third section, it is provided—
That whenever it shall be duly made known to the
President that any citizen of the United Mutesjias
been arrested and is detained by any ioieign trov-
erament, in contra vontion of the intentand purposes
of this act, upon the allegation that naturalization
in the United States does not operate to dissolve his
allegiance to his native sovereign; or if any citizen
shall have been arrested and detained whose release
upon demand shall have been unreasonably delayed
or refused, the President shall be, ar.d hereby is, em-
powered to order the arrest and to detain in custody
any subject or citizen of such foreign Government
who may be found within the jurisdiction of tho
United Mates, and the President shall, without delav
give information to Congress of any snch proceed-
ings under this act.
Now, sir, this tit-for-tat legislation is not
what 1 deem wise or just. I hold it to be rattier
of the kind that might have been deemed ad-
visable in the days of Moses, when " an eye for
an eye" was the law. I hold that if this Gov-
ernment shall declare by law that such an act
as is here described will be deemed to be an
offense against the United States incompatible
with the continuance of friendly relations with
the Government offending, it will lie a pretty
serious declaration upon the port of Cotigre.-s,
and will result in such immediate action as will <
remove all cause of difference in the case
named. The suspension of friendly relations
will call for instant examination of the case,
that friendly relations may be restored. My
colleague docs not mean to say that if the
United States Government should adopt in the
form of law such a declaration as I propose iu
my amendment it would bo brutum ftllmen.
He has too high a regard for the character of
his Government, its dignity, its strength, the
influence which it has upon the other Powers
of the earth, to take any such position.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELIOT. I ask my colleague to give me
a few moments more.
Mr. BANKS, i yield to the gentleman five
minutes more.
Mr. ELIOT. Nor will my colleague state,
I think, that any one who here in his place
proposes such an amendment thereby justly
exposes him self to the intimation, which seemed
to be conveyed by the gentleman, of not de-
siring as earnestly, as truthfully, as conscien-
tiously as he himself that the rights of the citi-
zens of this nation shall in every country upon
the face of the globe be equally protected,
whether those citizens be native-born or natu-
ralized. My colleague and [ both seek (I sup-
pose him to he seeking the same end that I do)
the protection, the security of the citizen oi"
the United States abroad. lie thinks it will be
better gained by giving to the President author-
ity, according to his own arbitrary will, to se-
lect from the strangers among us who may be
citizens or subjects of the Governoaent offend-
ing such a one as he may choose and order
his imprisonment. I believe that the end de-
sired will be more effectually and properly
gained by saying to that Government. " Until
this matter is examined and this wrong re-
dressed friendly relations with you shall be
suspended." By taking that position the end
would, in my judgment, be better gained; and
it is because I thus believe that I ask the action
of the House upon my amendment, winch is
offered for the purpose of strengthening the
bill, not weakening it.
Mr. BANKS. Of course I do not wish to
impute any want of interest in this subject to
my colleague or to any other member of this
House. As I have said, if these were new
questions we might be satisfied with the prop-
osition embraced in bis amendment; but, sir,
it is an affair of eighty years, and is still un-
settled. We have made these representations
frequently, we have made them continually for
this whole period of three quarters of a cen-
tury, and we have never yet succeeded in
reaching any result on this subject, and we can
never rpach any satisfactory result until wo
make it necessary for other Governments to act
upon it. So long as we leave it to the option of
| foreign administrations to act on this question
or not, so long will they disregard our claims.
You cannot expect any English administration
or any administration of any Government to
concede them against the traditions of their
own Government for five or six hundred years
unless we shall force upon them the necessity
for such action.
Mr. DA WES. I am anxious to vote for this
