1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4361
vice of the Columbia Institution for the In-
struction of the Deaf and Dumb, and establish-
ing additional regulations for the government
of the institution ; and
On motion by Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the amend-
ments of the lloase of Representatives to the amend-
meots of the Senate to the said bill, and a&k a eon-
lcrcnco on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the partof theSen-
at© be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, appointed
Mr. Morrill of Maine, Mr. Patterson of
New Hampshire, and Mr. McDonald.
MARK HOWARD.
Mr. FERRY. I request the Senator from
West Virginia, to whose Committee on Pen-
sions this evening lias been assigned, to allow me
to call up a bill reported by him from the Com-
mittee on Finance, House bill No. 39, author-
izing the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to
adjust the accounts of Mark Howard. It will
take but a moment.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. If it will give rise to
no discussion I shall not object.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
39) authorizing the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue to adjust the accounts of Mark
Howard was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revcitno to adjust and settle
the accounts of Mark Howard as collector of
the first revenue district of Connecticut, in con-
formity with the revenue laws in force at the
time he was collector of the district.
Mr. FERRY. The Senator from West Vir-
ginia reported the bill from the Committee on
Finance, and can explain it if an explanation
is necessary.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
washington city loan.
Mr. IIARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 037.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I must object.
Mr. HARLAN. It is a bill to authorize the
city of Washington to borrow money to pay its
debts.
Mr. MORGAN. Will it create debate?
Mr. HARLAN. I think not, and it is very
important that it should be passed. I may
state in one word that the city owes now about,
two hundred thousand dollars to its school
teachers and for school-house purposes, and it
is very important that the bill should be passed
in order that they may raise money to pay these
debts.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 037)
to authorize the city of Washington to issue
bonds for the purpose of paying the floating
debt of the city was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. Under the bill the city of
Washington is to issue, by vote of its councils,
registered or coupon bonds in denominations
of $50, $100, $500, and $1,000, payable in
ten years from the date of issue, bearing inter-
est at the rate of six per cent, per annum, pay-
able semi-annually, principal and interest
piyable in lawful money of the United Stales.
The bonds are to be signed by the mayor and
countersigned by the register of the city, and
to be payable at such place or places as may
by them be deemed expedient, and may be
issued and disposed of to an amount sufficient
to pay and discharge the present floating debt
of the city, not, however, to exceed the sum
of $800,000. The bonds are not to be sold
for less than their par value in lawful money
of the United States, or in exchange for ma-
tured and liquidated indebtedness; but no
greater amount of bonds are to be disposed of
than may be found necessary for the payment
of said indebtedness. The city councils upon
issuing the bonds herein authorized are to pro-
vide by taxation for the prompt pajment of the
interest thereon; also to provide for their
redemption by establishing a sinking fund to
be set apart annually to an amount not exceed-
ing ten per cent, of the amount of bonds issued,
the sinking fund to be created from regular
taxes levied for that purpose, and to be assessed
and collected as other taxes.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ANDREW S. CORE.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, reported a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 17^) to construe an act entitled "An act
to authorize the accounting officers of the
Treasury to settle the accounts of Andrew S.
Core," and asked for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
wasread three times, and passed. It proposes
to construe the act to authorize the account-
ing officers of the Treasury to settle the accounts
of Andrew S. Core, so as to direct the ac-
counting officers to settle and close the accounts
by crediting Core with the amount of such
uncollectable and unaccounted-for tax lists or
bills placed in his hands for collection as they
may be satisfied have been lost or destroyed
by reason of rebel raids, and have not been,
collected by him.
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1206. I presume it will excite no discussion.
It is a very important bill, and there are
many people interested in it. It has been very
carefully considered by the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1206) to restore to certain parties their
rights under laws and treaties of the United
States was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that each and every per-
son claiming lands in California by virtue of
any right or title derived from the Spanish or
Mexican authorities, and whose claim has not
been adjudicated by the commission created by
the act of Congress approved March 3, lfe51,
and record evidence ot which claim is found
in the Spanish or Mexican archives, now in
the custody of the United States surveyorgen-
eral lor the State of California, shall, within
one year after the date of the act, present his
petition in writing for the same to the United
States district court for the district in which
the land claimed is situated, with such docu-
mentary evidence and testimony of witnesses
as the claimant relies upon in support of his
claim; and thereupon the same proceedings
are to be had in the district court m relation
to the hearing and decision of the claim in all
respects as though it had been presented to
and decided adverse to such claim by the com-
mission created by the act of March 8, 1851,
except that no transcript of the report or pro-
ceedings of the commission shall be presented
to the district court, ami the survey of any
grant which may be confirmed under this act
shallbe subject to the provisions of the act of
June 14, I860. From the decision of the dis-
trict courts, both on the title and on the sur-
vey and location, an appeal may be taken to the
Supreme Court of the United States within six
months after such decision has been rendered,
and the same proceedings for the hearing and
decision thereof shall be had, and the judg-
ment of the district court shall have the same
effect as is provided by the acts hereinbefore
referred to. All persons who, previous to the
passage of this act, have acquired any valid
right or title to any of the lands embraced with-
in its provisions under the preemption or
homestead laws or otherwise are to be pro-
tected in their rights.
The Committee on Private Land Claims
proposed to amend the bill by striking out the
following clause:
That all persons who. previous to the passage of
this act. have acquired any valid rislit or title to any
of the lands embraced within tile provisions of tins
act under the preemption or homestead laws or
otherwise shall be protected in their rights.
And in lieu thereof inserting:
That a decree under the provisions of this aet ia
favor of any claim derived from Mexican or Spanish
authorities shall not be construed to affector in any
wa.y impair any adverse right, title,or claim under
the laws of the UnitedStates or the laws of California
bttt lor the area-embraced within thedeeree to which
the adverse right, title or claim attaches; the claimant
or his assigns may select and shall be allowed to enter
any other lands not mineral belonging to the United
States, and subject to entry at private sale, which
selections shall be of sections or legal subdivisions
ot sections at the option of the parties entitled to
make them.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to the
amendment, but if I understand the bill it
opens up the whole question of Spanish claims
in California. I do not think such a bill as
that ought to go through in this way.
_Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the Senator ia
mistaken. It only provides for cases where
the record evidence of the title is now in the
office of the surveyor general in California.
It allows no title to be established by parol or
anything of the kind; but where the title is
perfect upon the records in the surveyor gen-
eral's office in California in such cases suits
can be brought. There are only two or three
cases, I think, and the circumstances were
such, according to the law in force in California,
that they could not be brought before the
courts. It is only to such cases that this bill
applies,
Mr. HARLAN. If there are only two or
three cases, I think it would be better to let
each case come up on its own merits. No one
can foresee the cases that will arise under this
bill unless he has examined the whole record.
We all know thatin California vast quantities of
the best agricultural lands in the State have
been swept away from the settlers and have
gone to the possession of persons that paid
nothing whatever for them to any Government,
either the Mexican Government or ours, and
I doubt very much the propriety of a bill like
this. I call the attention of the Senate to it.
Of course 1 have no personal interest in it.
Mr. CONNESS. A very few words, I think,
will be sufficient in regard to this bill. As the
Senator from Oregon says, it only applies to
two or three cases at the outside. Those are
cases in which the record evidence is com-
plete. Special bills have been attempted to
be passed for the last five years since I have
been in the Senate, and I have hindered their
passage because the parties attempting to pass
them would do nothing to protect the settlers
on the lands. They are fully protected here,
the parties finally agreeing to that. Until
these questions are adjudicated and settled
their claims act as a cloud upon the title, and
there is no peace for the possessors, even where
they acquired title from the United States, and
this is to remove that cloud. It cannot pos-
sibly lead to any difficulty, but, on the contrary,
to great advantage.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator from Iowa
will see that this bill provides that the right
of any person in possession of lands under the
laws of the United States or the laws of Cali-
fornia shall in no way be affected or impaired
by any proceedings under this act. It abund-
dantly protects every settler, and is rather
intended to quiet titles. There are important
tracts of land to which there is a claim pend-
ing, and that claim is a cloud on the titles of
men who own the property. If it can be
adjudicated in court and settled that doubt
will be removed.
Mr. HARLAN. I do notobject totheamend-
ment. I think that is obviously right, whether
the bill passes or not. Let the question be
taken on the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Now I will ask that the
first section of the bill be read.
The Chief Clerk read the first section of
the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. That looks to me as if it
opened up the whole question again.
Mr. WILLIAMS. L think not
Mr. POMEROY. I do cot know but what
lliis is entirely right. I see what it does; it
revives those cases that are now excluded by
law, allows those to come into court who did
