1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1289:
nothing of any such agreement. If the Senate
came to such an understanding and agreement
I would not be one to depart irom it; but per-
haps I was not in the Senate at the moment.
I certainly never knew of any such agreement
myself.
Mr. DAVIS. I presume the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois was not in the Senate when
that agreement was made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion ,of the Senator from
Illinois, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill (H. K. No. 211) to amend
the act passed March 23, 18G7, entitled "An
act supplementary to an act to provide for.the
more efficient government of the rebel States,
passed March 2, 1867, and to facilitate their
restoration."
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 19, noes 10.
Mr. DOGLITTLE. I understand from what
Las occurred that on Saturday the Senate will
be in session, and that I shall then have the
privilege of submitting my remarks.
Mr. ORAGIN. I do not think the action
of the Senate gives the Senator a right to sup-
pose there is any such understanding. That
is a matter winch will be decided hereafter.
Next Saturday is the 22d day of February,
and for one I shall not vote to remain in ses-
sion on that day.
Mr. DOOLI'lTLE. If it is understood that
we are to sit on Saturday I shall be content.
The PKESIDENTpj-o tempore. The Chair
can take no cognizance of such agreements ;
he can only enforce the rules. As the Chair
understands, according to the rules, the matter
stands thus: the,business which was pending
so long—the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin to refer to the Judiciary Committee,
with instructions, House bill No. 4o9, has lost
its place by reason of other matters having
intervened. It never was made a special order,
but continued from day to day because it was
the nnlinished business constantly. When wo
reach the expiration of the morning hour it
will be under the control of the Senate, and
they can take up what they choose.
Mr. DOOLHTLE. I know very well that
the Chair cannot take any cognizance of ar-
rangements of that kind; but I wish to say
that I shall appeal to the courtesy of the Senate
to allow me the privilege of addressing them
on that question on Saturday at one o'clock,
and therefore I hope the Senate will not ad-
journ over that day.
Mr. 1IENDKICKS. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from Wisconsin and also to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky thai as the bill which the
Senate has decided to take up is on the subject
they were discussing there is no difficulty in
their continuing their arguments, as I con-
ceive. They seem to have supposed that there
was a necessity for postponing this bill in order
that they might present their views; but, as
the same subject is before the Senate, there is
every propriety in continuing the debate.
The PRESIDENT pi-o tempore. The bill
(II. 11. No. 211) to amend an act passed March
2o, 18G7, entitled "An act supplementary to
an act to provide for the more efficient, govern-
ment of the rebel States, passed March 2,
1807, and to facilitate their restoration," is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. The Committee on the Judiciary have
reported a substitute for the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The original bill need
not be read unless some Senator desires it.
1 ask that the amendment reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing ciause and insert the following:
That hereafter any election authoiiscd by the act
passed March 23, l&tiT, cn tilled "An act supplement-
al}- to an act to provide tor liie more efficient rov-
Cixiiuout of the rebel States, pa^ed March 2, I8o7,
and to facilitate restoration/ shall bo decided by a
majoiity of the votes actually ca>t; anu at the elec-
tion in which the question oi the adoption or rejec-
tion of any eon^titationjs submitted,_ any person
duly registered may vote in any part of Uie otate m
Which he shall have been registered, where he may
reside at the time of such election upon presentation
of his certificate of registration, under such regula-
tions as the district commanders may prescribe.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, before
the body proceeds to acton this bill I consider
it due to the Senate and to myself that I should
make a brief statement in regard to it. Numer-
ous publications have been made with regard
to the action of the Senate upon this question,
and in some quarters great blame has been
attached to the Senate. I will read a para-
graph which I find in a newspaper, and I have
seen many such paragraphs:
" The original act of March 2,1867, provided that
the constitutions should 'be ratified bya majority of
the persons voting on the question of ratification.'
The act of the 22d of March passed the House with
the same provision; but the Senate, by a small but
decided majoiitv, insisted upon putting in the words,
'at least one half of the registered voters voting on
the question of such ratification.' The House held
out against this provision for some time, but finally
gave way rather than lose the measure." * *
* * "I am stating facts, that you may seo where
the responsibility for this reverse lies. The House
would not have had it so; from the beginning that
body has protested against this clause requiring a
majority of all the registered votes for ratification."
Now, Mr. President, that is an entire mis*
apprehension. The House of Representatives
insisted not only that a majority of the regis-
tered voters should vote upon the question of
ratification, but they disagreed with the Senate
three times before we went to a committee of
corifcrcnce, insisting all the time a constitution
should only be ratified by a majority of all the
registered voters voting in its favor. It was
the House, and not the Senate, that insisted
upon having this large vote. The Senate
proposition required less than that of the
House. That there may be no mistake about
this I will read what occurred in the House of
Representatives on the Uth day of March,
1867, when the supplementary bill was pend-
ing :
"The n^xt question was upon the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Bingiiam to the fifth section of the bill.
"Mr. Wood. I call tor the reading of Uiatfifthseo-
tion.
" The Clerk read a3 follows:
"'Skc.5. And be it further enacted, Thatif, accord-
ing to said returns, the constitution shall be ratified
by a majority of the votes of the electors qualified
as heroin specified, the president of the convention
s hall transmit a copy of the same, duly certified, to
the President of the United States, who shall forth-
with transmitthesame to Congress, if then in session,
and if not in session, then immediately upon its next
assembling."'
You will observe that that section required
" a majority of the votes of the electors qual-
ified as herein specified." In order that there
might be no mistake as to what that meant
Mr. Bingham proposed an amendment, which
I will now read, with the action upon it:
"The amendment of Mr. Bingham was to strike
out the woid 4 ot' alter the word 'vote?,'and to insert
in lieu thereof the words 'given at said election by;'
so tlint the clause would rend as follows:
" * If according tosaidieturns the constitution shall
be ratified by a mnjoiity of the^ votes given at said
election by the electors qualified as herein speci-
fied,' kc.
"Thcquestionwastaken upon the amendment; and
there were—ayes 38, noes 70.
" Before the result of the vote was announced,
' 'Mr. Bingham cal 1 ed for the yeas and nays on agree-
ing to his amendment.
"The question was taken upon ordering the yeas
and nay>; and theic were—ayes sixteen.
" fto < the afihm.uive being not one fifth of the last
vot<*) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
" Tito amendment was not agreed to."
So that Mr. Bingham could not oven get the
yeas and nays in the House of Itcpresenta-
tives upon his proposition to require only a
majority ot' the votes east to adopt the consti-
tution when it should he submitted. When the
bill came into the Senate, and was pending
here, the Senator from Indiana [Mr. MonroxJ
moved an amendment, which was thus stated:
" Mr. Johssox. Will the honorable member road
the section as it will st.ind if amended?
"Mr. Morton. I wilt rend the section as it will
stand as 1 propose to amend it:
"'That it, according to said returns, thoconstitu-
tion shall be ratified uy a majority ol the votes of the
el oe tors qualified as herein «peeificd, ca.-t at said elec-
tion, (he president ot the convention shall transmit
a copy ot'tho same, duly certified,* Are.
" jM v amendment is to insert the words' cast at said
election."'
That was the motion of the Senator from
Indiana, and on that motion a vote was had,
and the amendment was adopted by the close
vote of 22 to 21, a majority oi'ono, requiring a
majority of the votes cast in order to ratify the
constitution which should be submitted. As
soon as that was adopted, however—and there
was considerable discussion on it in the Sen-
ate—the Senator from Vermont [Sir. Edmunds]
moved to amend still further. His proposition
was:
"I now move to amend by adding, after the words
that have been just inserted these words:
"' At least throe filths ot all the'rcgistered voters
voting upon the question of such ratification."'
That was voted down by the close vote of 19
in its favor io 21 against it in the Senate; and
then—
"Mr. Edmunds. X now move the amondmentwhioh
has just been voted down, changing it by striking out
three filths' and inserting' one half.' This amend-
ment is to inscit the woids ' at least one half of all
the registered voters voting upon the question of such
ratification.'"
And on that vote tlje yeas were 24 and the
nays 14. That was adopted, and the bill went
back to the House of liepresentatives with
their provision requiring a majority of all the
registered voters in favor of the constitution
to adopt it stricken out, and a provision in-
serted that at least one half must vote on the
question one way or the other, which was
requiring less than the House had required.
Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, when the Senate amend-
ment was under consideration in the House,
offered to amend our amendment which required
that a majority of all the registered voters
should vote, not for the constitution, but take
part in the election:
".Mr. Wilson, of Iowa. The second amendment
which I am directed by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary to offer is upon page 10, in scction five, lines
three, four, and five, to strike out the words 'cast at
said election, at least ono half of all the registered
voters voting upon the question of such ratifica-
tion;' so that it will read:
"' Sec. 5. And bcit fur/her (made'I, Th at if, according
to said returns, the constitution shall be ratified by
a majority of the votes of the electors qualified as
herein specified,'" &c.
Putting it back as the House had it origin-
ally, Mr. Siiellabarger then suggested that
the word "registered" be put in to make it
more specific, which Mr. Wilson accepted,
and the vote was taken on requiring that the
constitution should be ratified " by a majority
of the registered votes of the electors qualified
as herein specified," disagreeing to the Senate
amendment which required less, and on that
question the yeas wore 98 and the nays 29 only.
The House refused to agree to our amend-
ment.
It is unnecessary to take up time in reading
all these votes. The bill came back to the
Senate and the Senate again refused to agree
to this House proposition requiring a majority
of all the registered voters to vote in favor of
a constitution. It then went back to the House
with this other disagreement on our part. The
House refused still to agree to the Senate prop-
osition, which was the one adopted on the
motion of the Senator from Vermont, requir-
ing that a majority of the registered voters
should take part in the election; they insisted
that there must be a majority of the registered
voters voting for the constitution; and they
asked for a conference. In the committee of
conference we succeeded in getting the House
conferees to agree to the Senate amendment,
which is the law as it stands, requiring that a
majority of the registered voters should vote
on the question of adopting the constitution.
So that the House persistently required, in
every one of their votes, until they came to
vote on the report of the committee of confer-
ence, that there should be not only a majority
at' the registered voters taking part in the elec-
tion, but that a majority should absolutely vote
for the constitution. 1 trust, sir, that 1 have
put that point right.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not rise to annoy the
Senator from Illinois or to trouble the Chair
, unnecessarily. I rise, though, to make a ques-
tion upon the order of business, whether 1 am
not entitled to the floor upon the other bill at
this time. I wish to say at the same time that
