4362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
not avail themselves of the commission during
the time the commission was in existence.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is true. There is
no time now to explain ; but there are cases
where it was impossible on account of circum-
stances for the claimants to present their cases
to the board of commissioners within the time
limited by law.
Mr. POMEROY. While it may relieve some
very worthy ones, I am afraid it will relieve
many unworthy ones.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is impossible that it
can do so. If a man has record evidence of
his title that right under the treaty ought to be
recognized by the American Government.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I could explain if I had
lime. Take, for instance, one case where there
were contending claims to a tract of land.
Both claims were presented to the board of
commissioners. The commissioners decided
in favor of one claim, and the district court
affirmed that decision. In view of that the
other claim was withdrawn from the board.
That decision was then taken up to the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and finally
reversed, and the Supreme Court decided that
the claim which had been recognized by the
board of land commissioners was an invalid
claim. By that time the statute of limitations
had run, so that the man who had a good
claim could not come in with it, and for that
reason he is left out when there is no doubt
that he has a good claim to the land, but he
had no opportunity under these circumstances
to present his case.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not care to argue it.
I am afraid of it, that is all.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am afraid this will
load to discussion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No; I think we can vote
now.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. If there can be a
vote I shall not interpose.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask the Sen-
ator from Oregon whether there was not a
commission to settle these Spanish claims, and
whether the period within which the claims
could be made has not expired; and is not
this now to extend the time within which claims
may be presented to the commission?
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is true; it extends
the time one year.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. May not rights
have been acquired since that limitation ex-
pired which this bill does not respect?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Not at all. The Sena-
tor will see that it is provided in this hill that
no proceedings under it shall affect or in any
way impair the right, of any person in posses-
sion of any p>o|ierly under the laws of the
United States or ilie laws of California, so that
if any man is in possession of property there
under any law of the United States or law of
California he is protected by the terms of this
bill; but there are claims set up in such cases
which are a cloud upon the title of men in
possession, and it is desirable that they should
be determined by litigation.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask the Sen-
ator whether the law did not provide that those
lands which were not claimed within the time
limited should become public lands of tho
United States, and whether this bill does not,
authorize private claimants to come in and
take them, not as public lands, but in their
own right?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Tiiat is true. The law
organizing the board of commissioners pro-
vided that such lands as were not claimed
should revert to the public domain and be a
pait of the public lands. Those lands have
been taken, a portion of them as public domain,
and the persons who have so taken them are
protected by this bill. The claimants can
establish their right to the quantity of land
granted to them, and the bill provides that the
amount which they establish to belong to them
may be taken from vacant public lands else-
where.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think this bill
ought to pass. In the first place, very few of
the holders of any of these claims ever paid
anything for them. They applied to the Span-
ish authorities for a cattle ranclie and made
arrangements that they should have all the
land between the limits of certain mountains
or rivers. It is not a case of settling title to
land that anybody has given a consideration
for, as we understand that word. A number
of years were given to all these claimants under
the treaty with Mexico, to come in and estab-
lish their claims. That time has long since
elapsed, and this bill opens up the whole ques-
tion. I do not think it ought to be passed. I
hope it will not be insisted on.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I feel eonsti'ained to
move that the further consideration of this bill
be postponed in order to take up House bill No.
1431. I could have had twenty pension bills
passed while this bill has been under consid-
eration.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not understand why
this bill should not pass. If the Senators un-
derstood it as the committee who have fully
investigated it understand it, they would not
object to it. 1 will state a case to which it
applies. It applies to the land covered by the
city of Petaluma, but since I have been here
I have hindered the passage of an act to estab-
lish that claim. There is scarcely a doubt of
the complete record evidence of the claim. We
have bound ourselves by treaty to protect these
persons in that property ; but they are out of
court, it may be said, by their own neglect. In
many instances, however, these parties did not
understand our language, and labored under
great difficulties indeed. It was only last year
that we confirmed a claim outright by act of
Congress that it is as we.l established as the
title to the property that any Senator owns,
and yet it never got into the board of land
commissioners. In this case this hangs as a
cloud over the whole city property. The par-
ties will get into court at some time or other.
If this act passes, the United States having
received pay for that property loses nothing by
it; the parties take land, if they establish their
claim, that is of far less value. I hope we
shall get a vote upon the bill.
Mr. CONKLING-. I dislike very much to
interpose any objection  
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I must move to lay
this bill on the table, in order that pension
bills may be taken up. I consented to allow
it to be taken up with the understanding that
it would lead to no discussion, but it has led to
a very lengthy one.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from New Yoik yield the floor for the
motion ?
Mr. CONKLING. I was going to make a
suggestion, and I hoped the Senator from Cali-
fornia would obviate the objection.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will ask me
any question I will answer it. I hope gentle-
men will give us a vote on this bill. 1 am sure
it has been examined by one of the best com-
mittees of this body, and one in which the Sen-
ate ought to have confidence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think a bill
of this importance ought to be passed upon
with so few present and such little explana-
tion. Tho Senator from California does not.
pay any very great attention or respect to the
reports of committees unless they are in his
favor. He has not thought much of the report
of the Committee on Foreign Relations on the
bill that has been discussed so long. I am
disposed at any rate to understand something
more about this before we act.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I insist on my mo-
tion to postpone the consideration of this bill
and take up the pension bills.
The motion was agreed to.
TiiK COOLIE TIIADE.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. US I.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow me to make a report which I was not
able to make this morning.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported a bill (S. No. (544) to
amend an act entitled "An act to prohibit the
coolie trade by American citizens in Ameri-
can vessels," approved February 19, 1862;
which was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
Mr. SUMNER. The effect of the bill is
simply to extend the existing acts against the
trade in Chinese coolies to the trade in Jap-
anese coolies, and I hope the Senate will put
it on its passage.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. It will not take time.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. After I get through
you can go on. I insist on my motion.
EMMELENE II. RCDD.
Mr. Van Winkle's motion was agreed to;
and the bill (H. R. No. 1431) granting a pension
to Emmelene H. Rudd, widow of the late Com-
modore John Rudd, deceased, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It is a direc-
tion to the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Emmelene H. Rudd, widow of John Rudd,
late a commodore in the United States Navy,
and to pay her, out of the naval pension fund,
a pension at the rate of thirty dollars per
month, commenceing October 12, 1867, to
continue during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
REBECCA C. MEEKER.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 597.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 507) granting a pension to Rebecca C.
Meeker was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. By its
terms the Secretary of the Interior is to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Rebecca C. Meeker, widow of Captain
James F. Meeker, of the war of 1812, and
allow and pay her a pension at the rate of
twenty dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARY SCOTT.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 598.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 598) for the relief of Mary Scott was read
the second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to allow and pay to
Mary Scott, widow of William Scott, late a
private in company I, fifteenth regiment Mas-
sachusetts volunteers, a pension at the rate of
eight dollars per month, from the 21st of Octo-
ber, 18G1, the date of the death of her hus-
band, until the 10th of August, 1860, the date
of the commencement of the pension hereto-
fore allowed her, and the additional sum of
two dollars per month for each child of William
Scott under sixteen years of age, to commence
from the 25th day of July, I8tif>? and to con-
tinue until the children shall severally attain
the^ age of sixteen years.
Ihe bill was reporteuto the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read tnc third time, and passed,
david dliiigg.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
xt6 ^I'0cee^ to the consideration of House bill
No. 218.
™otion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
i n ^18) granting a pension of seventeen
dollars per month to David Duhigg, of Lyndon,
V ermont, father of late first lieutenant Dennis
Duhigg, of company M, first regiment Vermont
was consi^ered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides for placing on the
