3338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
tliem to all the rights, all the privileges, and all
the franchises that as citizens of Kentucky
they hitherto possessed and exercised.
Mr. BENTON". Does the gentleman hold
that the Congress of the United States cannot
deny to a citizen of a State the right to vote on
account of his having been engaged in waging
war against the Government of the United
States?
Mr. KERR. That question has nothing to
do with this ease. What the power of Congress
may be is in 110 way material to the decision of
this case. If Congress has any such power, it
has not exercised it. Then why talk now about
the existence or non-existenee of any such
power? Congress has not attempted to exer-
cise any such power, and therefore that ques-
tion has nothing to do with this case.
Mr. BENTON. Then I would inquire
whether the State of Kentucky has any power
to enact a law declaring that citizens of that
State who tried to get the State out of the Union
should be deprived of the right of suffrage?
Mr. KERR. That question has as little to
do with this case as the other question has.
Mr. BENTON. The gentleman has been
discussing both of those questions, if I under-
stood him.
Mr. KERR. I have not discussed them, but
have stated the absence of any such laws. The
gentleman's last question has as little to do
with this case as the first question, has because
the State of Kentucky has not attempted, in
this case, to disqualify any of the men who
voted for John D. Young.
Mr. BENTON. Did not the State of Ken-
tucky enact a law that the persons whom I have
indicated had not the right to vote ?
Mr. KERR. It did; but that law has long
since been repealed, as I have stated. But I
will answer both of the questions of the gen-
tleman, not because they have anything to do
with this case, but because the honorable gen-
tleman seems to be vexed that I have not
answered them.
Mr. BENTON. Oh! no.
Mr. KERR. I say that Congress has no
power, under the Constitution of the United
States, to disfranchise the citizens of a State
for any offense until, under a law of Con-
gress, legally and constitutionally enacted, the
offenses shall have been defined and the pun-
ishments prescribed, and the persons shall
have been legally and constitutionally charged
with the commission of the offenses after the
enactment of the laws, and convicted thereof
by courts of legal and competent jurisdiction;
and then, I say, they can only be disfranchised
by being deprived of actual personal liberty.
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman allow
me?
Mr. KERR. I decline to yield further. They
cannot deprive them of the right of suffrage.
They can deprive them of the physical ability
to exercise the right of suffrage by shutting
them up in prisons or otherwise depriving them
of personal liberty, but not otherwise. The
loss of suffrage results, as an incident, from
the loss of personal liberty. But Congress
cannot adjudge disfranchisement to continue
after the offender is discharged from all other
punishment and set at liberty.
I say, as to the second question, it is com-
petent for the Commonwealth of Kentucky, or
any State in the Union, to disfranchise whom
that State pleases. The State of Missouri
did do so in pursuance of her own law. But
if the constitution of Kentucky gave to her
Legislature no power to make that disfran-
chisement then it could not be legally done. I
concede that the State may have power to do
that, to make a valid disfranchisement, but it
has done nothing of the kind.
Mr. COOK. I will ask the gentleman a
question. Now, if the Legislature of Missis-
sippi sent Jefferson Davis to the Senate of the
United States, I would inquire whether it would
be bound to receive him before his trial and
conviction ?
Mr. KERR. If the honorable gentleman
will tell me what that has to do with this case,
I will gladly answer. I refer the honorable
gentleman to the answer made to his inquiry
by a distinguished Senator of his own party,
Senator Howe, when the inquiry was put in
the Senate. He will find that is a satisfac-
tory answer to his question. _ At this time I
decline to go into that discussion.
But I invite the attention of my excellent
colleague on the committee to the fact, if
Jefferson Davis is a traitor, if he committed
acts of treason, and I say he did, against the
Federal Government, there are several gen-
tlemen now about to be admitted upon this
floor who have done the same thing, and by
the gentleman's vote they are to come in here,
and are to be allowed to take an exceptional
sort of oath, as a qualification, I suppose, to
get into this House.
Following the singular course of this com-
mittee in this case down to the present time,
I cannot but remark, Mr. Speaker, upon the
singular rapidity with which vicious examples,
vic'iQus acts of legislation, vicious acts of party
power ajid supremacy, become precedents in
this country, and are followed by others more
revolutionary, and less justifiable acts of wrong
on the part of this House. Shakespeare liath
most truly said:
" 'Twill be recorded for a precedent;
And many an error, by the same example,
Will rush into the State."
The case of Delano vs. Morgan is referred
to in the last report filed in this case as an
authority to settle various grave questions here.
Thegenlleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] in that
report states, citing the case of Delano vs.
Morgan, that—
" It has long been held that if the officers of elec-
tion are not capable ot holding the office the ejec-
tion has no more validity than would an election
where no officers whatever were appointed; it is
otherwise where persons capablo of holding the
office arc appointed, although they may not have
complied with the forms of the law. (Easton vn.
Scott, 1 Contested-Election Case, pago 272; Delano
vs. Morgan, decided the present session.)"
My worthy friend also refers to other cases;
and upon such authorities asks this House to
reject the entire polls in many precincts, and
thus disfranchise large numbers of electors
for no fault or wrong of theirs, unless it is
because they gave majorities forjudge Young.
The ground alleged against them is that the
election officers had been rebel soldiers, and
therefore could not become legal and compe-
tent officers of the election.
The cases cited here, and several others
cited by my colleague on the committee, have
no bearing on the question before the House.
I have not time to discuss them in detail. I
say I challenge the production of one single
case in the entire history of contested elec-
tions that sustains the position assumed by the
majority of the committee. There is not a
single case in this country, but, on the con-
trary, I can point out, and have in my posses-
sion at least one hundred cases in Congress, in
legislative bodies, and in the reports of judicial
tribunals, which are directly in the very teeth
of this assumption, and show that in it there
is no law, that it has no basis in authority or
decent precedent anywhere.
Reference is made, for example, to the case
of Jackson ds. Wayne, (1 Cont. Elec. Case, p.
-17,) that came up from the State of Georgia to
this House. Now, my worthy colleague is a
lawyer, and I have a right to expect that when
he invites the attention of the House to a
decision he will at least have the kindness to
give to that decision the only construction it
will bear; that he will at least have the frank-
ness to read that decision to the House, in
order that the House may be its own judge,_ if
he is not willing himself to put a construction
upon the case.
What did the House decide in that case? I
ask the attention of gentlemen to it. I read
from the syllabus of the case, which faithfully
indicates all there is in it affecting the case
now before the House :
" The law of Georgia requires that three magistrates
shall preside at elections; and it was held that a
return by threepertoM, two of whom were not magis-
trates. was defective."
•'Two of whom were not magistrates."
\Vell, what has that to do with this case? _ It
the law of Kentucky held that this election
should have been conductedby three township
trustees, and the officers werenot trustees at all,
then this decision would apply. But this
decision has no application at all to this case.
In Georgia two of the election officers were
not magistrates at all. Therefore they were
not acting under color of authority; they were
neither officers de jure nor de facto, ihey had
no legal right to preside at that election ; they
were not chosen magistrates at all, regularly
or irregularly, under color of law or without
it. In this case all officers were acting under
the color of law, elected according to law in
every particular. And the honorable gentleman
only objects that-the officers in these rejected
precincts in Kentucky were not personally com-
petent to be elected as judges, sheriffs, and
clerks, because they had been rebel soldiers.
The law of Kentucky disfranchising them had
been repealed in 1855, both by the courts and
by the Legislature, and amnesty had been
granted them all by the State in December,
18GG, and they had thus been fully restored to
all their political rights, franchises, and privi-
leges as citizens of that State ; and the act of
her Legislature of March 15, 1862, by dear
implication and in legal effect had been re-
pealed. and there could no longer exist any
disqualification arising out of its provisions.
The act of amnesty is thelatestlaw, and, upon
every principle of statutory construction, it
repeals all inconsistent laws. Ex-rebel sol-
diers were thereafter as competent to become
election officers under the laws of Kentucky as
any other persons.
But it is insisted that the failure to comply
with the provisions of the following law of Ken-
tucky authorizes the rejection of the entire polls
of the precincts in which the failure occurs.
(Myers's Supplement,p. 456;)
An act to amend section one, article three, chapter
thirty-two, title " Elections," of the Revised Stat-
utes.
J)e it enacted by the General Assembly of the Com-
monwealth of Kentucky, That hereafter, so long as
thero are two distinct political parties in this Com-
monwealth, the sheriff, judges, and clerk of election,
in ail oases of elections by the people under the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States, and under
the constitution and laws of Kentucky, shall be so
selected and appointed as that one of the judges at
each place of voting shall be of one political party,
and the other judge of the other or opposing polit-
ical party; and that a like difference shall exist at
each place of voting between the sheriff and clerk
of election; Provided, That thero be a sufficient
number of the members of each political party resi-
dent in the several precincts, as aforesaid, to fill said
office1!. And this requirement shall be observed by-
all officers of this Commonwealth who have the power
to appoint any of the aforesaid oflicers of election,
under the penalty of a fine of $100 for each omission,
to be recovered by presentment of the grand jury.
In Blakey vs. Golladay, in the present Con-
gress, the Committee of Elections and the
House decided that the provisions of this law
are merely directory, and neglect to comply
with them cannot render illegal the elections".
It may subject the offender to criminal prose-
cution.
Besides, it should be borne in mind that it
is nowhere insinuated, either in the allegations
or the evidence, that either of these officers
failed in any particular to discharge his duties
faithfully,honestly, and impartially; that there
is not an iota of evidence that Young received
a single vote more, or McKee a solitary vote
less than if they had not been appointed.
Wherefore, then, should the votes of these sev-
eral precincts, honestly and fairly cast and truly
and impartially returned, be rejected, even it'
it, should be admitted that all the officers of
the election belonged to the same party V What
reason can be suggested for such a proceeding
in justice, morality, or a decent regard to the
freedom of the elective franchise, the corner-
stone of civil liberty ? But even granting that
all the election officers in these precincts
belonged to the same political party at the time
