2314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
bill, to vote for the most efficient measure to
carry out the ends which m.y colleague says on
due consideration in committee they have en-
deavoredto obtain by legislation. To that
end I desire to ask my colleague if he under-
stands on the enactment of this bill into law the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus will be
suspended as to all persons who may be ar-
rested by the President under the third section?
Mr. BANKS. It is immaterial whether it
is suspended or not.
Mr. DAWES. One word more. If it is not
suspended I should like to ask ray colleague
what will be the use of this enactment? If,
upon its enactment, the President should sec
fit to arrest any person in this country, and is
unable to say it is for any offense committed
by that person within the jurisdiction of this
country, how long could lie detain him upon
• *-the writ of habeas corpus?
Mr. BANKS. 1 make this answer to that
question, that he will detain him just so long
as the Congress of the United States chooses
to maintain this law. Just so long as Ameri-
can citizens are arrested in other countries, so
long will such persons be detained by the
Presidentof the United States, if any are even
arrested.
Mr. DAWES. I want to understand it.
Does my colleague say that anybody can be
arrested by the President of the United States
by virtue of this law without regard to any
court which has tho right to issue a writ of
habeas corpus, unless it is for an od'ense com-
mitted by that individual and committed within
the jurisdiction of our country?
Mr. BANKS. 1 sav, Mr. Speaker, unhesi-
tatingly, that the position the gentleman takes
does not touch this question at all. The laws
do not allow tho arrest of any citizen except
forsome offense against the laws, and whenever
he is arrested the writ of habeas corpus applies
to him.
Mr. DAWES. Offense committed by him?
Mr. BANKS. Offense committed by him.
Mr. DAWES. I want to know, Mr. Speaker,
how a traveler in this country, for no offense
committed by him, can be detained simply be-
cause the sovereign in another jurisdiction has
committed some offense against the law?
Mr. BANKS. He has committed no of-
fense ; whatever individual is arrested under
this statute will not be arrested because of any
offense committed by him. It is the assertion
of the sovereign power of this Government to
enforce the rights of its citizens against other
Governments. It is in the nature of a compul-
sory regulation, and exercise of its sovereign
power to secure the rights of its own citizens
at the hands of other Governments ?
Mr. DAWES. Then you do mean that the
writ of habeas corpus, as touching that individ-
ual, would be suspended.
Mr. BANKS. Not at all. I mean simply
to say that if the President shall ever arrest
any subject of a foreign Government under
this law, and any court should issue a writ of
habeas corpus, and the individual should be
brought before the court, that court would
decide that he could be detained under this
law of Congress, and that until the President
should release him he would be held as a host-
age for the protection and security of the rights
of American citizens.
Mr. DAWES. I inquire whether the Con-
stitution does not guaranty to every individual
here that he shall not be arrested except for
some offense of his own, and upon a warrant
indicating what the offense is?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly; but that applies
to citizens. If my colleague means to say that
the Government of the United States is de-
prived of all power to enforce against other
Governments the rights of its citizens, then 1
might concede his argument. But it is against
that that we protest. We protest against this
doctrine that the Government of the United
States has no power to compel other Govern-
ments to consider the rights of our citizens
when they are within their limits.
Mr. DAWES. If my colleague means to
intimate that I hold that doctrine because in
my opinion every individual within our juris-
diction in time of peace has the same rights in
our courts whether he be a citizen or a foreigner,
he is mistaken entirely. Does the gentleman
mean to say that when a man is brought up
upon habeas corpus in time of peace in one of
our courts the court stops to inquire whether
he is a citizen of the United States or not?
Mr. BANKS. No, sir: not at all.
Mr. DAWES. Then, sir, if citizens of the
United States and foreigners in time of peace
stand upon the same level, I inquire again of
my colleague by what authority under the
Constitution of the United States can you ar-
rest any citizen of the United States or foreigner
standing upon the same level with citizens of
the United States, unless you charge against
him some offense committed by him individu-
ally against the laws of the United States?
Mr. BANKS. My colleague takes too nar-
row a view of this question. The habeas cor-
pus is a writ which brings any person arrested
before a court to know by what authority he is
held. The person holding this man in duress
will show the authority, an act of Congress
intended to protect its own citizens abroad,
intended to enforce upon other Governments
a regard for the rights of our citizcns.
Mr. DAWES. Will it not be a clear answer
for the man to say that he has committed no
offense against that law? Will it not be enough
for him to say, "You do not even allege that
I have infracted that law?"
Mr. BANKS. It will not be enough. It
does not comc within the pale of the criminal
law m any way whatever.
Mr. PAINH. I would be glad to ask one
of tho gentlemen from Massachusetts to ex-
plain tho predicament in which I find myself.
The gentleman from Massachusetts who has
just taken his seat [Mr. Dawes] informs us
that the Constitution provides that no man
shall be arrested except for some crime which
he has himself committed. Now, I would be
glad if lie would point out to us the provision
of the Constitution to which he refers.
Mr. BANKS. I do not wish to yield for that
purpose. There is no provision of the Consti-
tution which forbids us to exercise the power
in question.
Mr. DAWES. Let me ask my friend from
Wisconsin if lie holds the doctrine that a man
can be arrested without any offense being
charged against him ?
Mr. PAINE. I have not said that I hold
any doctrine. I merely asked the gentleman
to show us the clause of the Constitution, or
what he declares is a part of it.
Mr. DAWES. It is in every letter and word
of the Constitution—the spirit ftnd life of it—
that every man shall be safe in his person and
in his property.
Mr. GA11FIELD. If the gentleman will
allow me I will read a clause of the Constitu-
tion of four lines from article thirteen :
" Neither slavery or involuntary servitude, except
as punishment for crime, whereof the party shall
have been duly convicted, shall exist within the
United States, or any placc subject to their jurisdic-
tion."
[Laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. I do not see the application
of that clause to this question. This, as I said
before, is not an ordinary subject of legisla-
tion, and it is to the difference in its character
that we must attribute the various views which
are entertained by gentlemen.
Mr. JUDD. Will the gentleman allow me
to call his attention to section five of the amend-
ments to the Constitution? It is in these
words:
" No person shall beheld to answer for a capital or
otherwise infamous crime except on a presentment
or indictments-
Mr. BANKS. We do not charge anybody
with any crime. It is useless to read that. If
the gentleman does not see the application we
cannot convince him. We do not charge that
any man who may be arrested under this act is
guilty of any crime. He is to be arrested in
the exercise of the sovereign power of this
Government for the protection of its own citi-
zens, and with a view of compelling his own
Government to take action upon this question.
If the gentleman has so tender a conscience in
regard to the rights of foreign citizens in this
country, what does he say of the American
citizens—three or four hundred of them—who
arenowin prisoninGreatBritain forno offense
whatever committed against the laws of that
country ?
Mr. JUDD. I wish the honorable gentle-
man would allow me to read this entire section.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot well yield for that,
because my time is limited. I say to the gen-
tleman from Illinois—and if he canriotdiscover
it for himself, it is impossible for me to con-
vince him—that that relates solely to^ crimes
and criminals in this country with which this
bill has nothing to do whatever.
Mr. JUDD. I say to my honorable friend
that if he will allow me to read the section
through instead of cutting me off 
Mr. BANKS. I know what it is.
Mr. J UDD. If you will allow me to read it.
Mr. BANKS. Well, read it.
Mr. JUDD. I will read it:
*4No person"—
This is "person,*' not "citizen"—
"No person shall be held to answer for a capital or
otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment
or indictment of a grand jury, except in cases arising
in the land or naval forces, or in the militia, when
in actual scrvice in time of waror publicdanger; nor
shall any person"—
This is "person" again, not "citizen"—
"nor shall any person bo subject for the same
offense to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb;
nor shall bo compelled in any criminal case to be a
witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, lib-
erty, or property without due process of law;"—
Thisallrelatesto "person," not "citizen"—
"nor shall private property be taken for public use
without just compensation."
Now, I desire to ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Baxks] if it has not been
determined by the adjudication of the courts
of this country that the term "by due process
of law" moans not by a legislative enactment,
bat by a proceeding in a court of justice?
Mr. BANKS. The clause of the Constitu-
tion to which the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Jui)i)] has referred relates altogether to
crimes and the arrest of criminals. I do not
present this as a criminal matter. It is not
alleged that the subject who may be arrested
is to bp regarded as a criminal. It is a ques-
tion of international law, an international pro-
ceeding. ^ The man is to be held as a hostage
for the rights of American citizens who are
deprived of them in the country to which the
subject belongs. It is not probable that any
arrest will be made. All that is proposed is
that the President shall have the power; that
when the power of arrest is exercised in other
States, he shall be authorized t.o that extent, at
least, to make reprisals. We want the power
to compel foreign States to settle this question
at issue between us.
Mr. MCJLLINS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
..Mr- MCJLLINS^ Does not the article of
the Constitution just read authorize arrests
for public necessity ? And is this not a mat-
ter ot public necessity?
Mr BANKS. It may, undoubtedly, be so
considered. Now, there are controversies con-
stantly arising between nations ; there are cer-
tain recognized powers which each nation has
a right to exercise withinits own jurisdiction,
and which stop short of war. { referred io
them in detail on another occasion when this
subject was before the House. One is the
suspension of commercial intercourse ; another
is the right to enforce an embargo. And thero
are various acts of that character which the
(government has the right to exercise for the
protection of i s own rights which are not acts
of war and which do not necessarily lead to
war 11ns right of refusal and arrest is one
which comes within that sovereign power ao
corded to each independent State by the ree"
