2515
SUPPLEMENT TO
given that branch over the executive and judi-
ciary, aside from the imperative necessity, Cully
sustain the assumption that tk« legislative is the
superior power in the three departments of
Government mentioned in our Constitution.
Indeed, upon no other theory could the Gov-
ernment be sustained. This control of the
people in their Government is the great feature
in republicanism; this power of the many is
the distinctive character of our Constitution.
While the power of the executive is qualified
and restricted by the legislative, the authority
of the latter is uncontrolled by any |>tlier de-
partment. It makes and unmakes ; it removes
presidents, judges, and other civil officers who
may be guilty of high cri mes and m isdemeanors,
and sweeps away all obstacles in the wuy of the
nation's advancement and prosperity, and from
its verdict, in a case of trial as this, there is no
appeal.
A further examination of section two, article
two, will disclose a peculiarity of expression
which i  important. "He shall nominate, and
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate shall appoint," ''all officers," &c. The
very first step in the matter of appointment is
by the Constitution given to the President to
''nominate." The appointment is still in-
choate. The next step is the concurrence of
the Senate, and this completes the ceremony
of appointment. It then becomes the duty of
the President to issue the commission, in the
case of Marbury vs. Madison (i Cranch, 137,
150) it was distinctly affirmed in llie opinion
of tiio court that the President could not with-
hold a commission from an officer nominated
and confirmed. (See. also, Story on the Con-
stitution, section l-">;}7.) It is the essence of
all contracts or mailers ill which two or more
are to act that their minds must meet and
concur, and when (his is done the act is com-
plete, and is thenceforward beyond the control
of one without the consent, of the other, lint
note again, the Constitution does not confer
the power on the President to "appoint."
His power is to "nominate," and when the
Senate concur, and not till then, is he em-
powered to "appoint," and in doing this ho
merely carries out the previously determined
wish of both parties to the appointment. In
Marbury vs. Madison the courL says, io "ap-
point, and commission are not one and the
same thing."
In the Uuiled States rx. LeBaron (l'.l How-
ard, 7-1) the court says the commission is not
necessarily the appointment, although conclu-
sive evidence of !lie fact. It would have been
ths simplest thing to have stripped this ques-
tion of all doubt when the Constitution was
fianied had (hero been a disposition to confer
the authority upon the Kxeciuive here claimed
in the defense. We know that the very matter
now before this honorable body was discussed
then, so that it cannot now be said we are
called upon to decide new questions. ISy what
right, then, or upon what principled'construc-
tion, can you interpolate language into the Con-
tulion or give the language already there a
inoaniii" contrary to its letter?
Mr. Sedgwick, in his work on Construction,
says:
" Where thorc js no obscurity in tho otfeot of the
laws, and the object aimed :it by the Lc^laturc.we
arc not permitted to inquire into motives ot the le-
gislature, in order to det'uit the 3u,vv itself, ut'oiliuri
any law subsequently passed on the sume subject."—
&sd'jwick> p. ; butnty::. U, idt 10 Peters, 521.
if this is true of statutes, it is much more a
just rule in searching for the meaning of a
fundamental law. I insist that the Constitu-
tion is perfectly clear and unambiguous upon
the subject of appointment. There should be
no division of opinion on this one point, it does
seem to me. Attorney General Legare says:
"The people, however, were wisely jealous of tins
great power ot'appointing the agents ot the exK-u-
tive department, and chn-AO to restiain it by reijui)-
iiif? it ill alt cases to nomuwif. but only in euse it
hml the concurrence of the Senate to appoint."—3
Opinion?, p. 675.
But let us look further into this section. I
have already alluded to the mutter, but will re-
peat it m this connection. The language is:
"But tho Congress may by law vest the ap-
poinfcmenfcof such inferior officers as they think
proper in the President alone." Now, sirs,
there is a familiar maxim—liexpre$sio unius
est exclusio alterius"—which here prevails.
The President is, by this clause, empowered
to appoint such inferior officers as Congress
may bylaw direct. Is it too much to urge that,
by naming these particularly, and no others, it
was intended he should alone appoint no others ?
But, sirs, even the maximum of the law need
not here be invoked. The Constitution not
only expresses one, and thus excludes others,
but it expresses all—i. e., it provides for the
appointment of all officers of the Government,
and prescribes the manner of appointment in
this section. First, it gives the President and
the Senate the power to appointa certain class ;
and second, it gives Congress power to allow
the President alone, the courts of law, or tho
heads of Departments, to appoint certain otheis;
and these cover the whole range of officers
of the Government; and, to my mind, it is the
wildest reasoning that can vault itself into the
position claimed by the respondent.
Chief Justice Best, in 5 Bingham, page 180,
gives a rule directly applicable here :
" Where a general iutention-is expressed, and the
act expresses also a particular intention incompat-
ible with the general intention, the particular inten-
tion is to be considered an exception."
The general intention of the framers of the
Constitution was to make the appointing power
joint with the President and Senate, and the
exception only makes more imperative the
general intention.
The inconvenience of uniting these powers
in the multitude of minor odirers made the
exception necessary, but the general intention
was only the more distinctly asserted.
But this power of removal, as implied from
the power of appointment, is further shown to
rest in the Senate and the Presidenteonjoin-tly,
by the adoption ofthelhird section of tho sec-
ond article, which provides that—
" Tho President <diall have power to fill up.all va-
cancies that may happen during the iccess of Ihe
Senate by granting commissions winch &lmU o\pire
at tho end of the next session."
Mr. Wirt says:
" The, meaning of the Constitution seems to tno to
result in this: that the President, alone tMiuiof make
a permanent appointment to those offices; that to
render the appointment permanent it must receive
tho consent of the Senate: but th.il whene\er a
vacancy shall exist which tho public interests re-
quire should bo immediately filled, and in filling
which theadvicc and consent ot Ihe Senate cannot
be immediately n-'ked, because ot their recess, the
President shall have power of filling it by an appoint-
ment which shall conlinue onlv until tho Senale
shall have parsed upon it, or, m the language of t he
Constitution, 'till the end of the next session.'M
I am not, here discussing the question of va-
cancies and the power to lill them under the
Constitution, but I desire to show that this par-
ticular clause of tho Constitution now being
noticed furnishes strong and direct evidence
that the appointing power was intended to be
kept undivided in the Senate and President,
except in those cases where the two could not
from some uncontrollable necessity act at the
time. Hence we find Mr. Story holding what
I l hink to be ihe undisputed construction of the
clause, that —
" If the Senate are in session when office^ are cre-
ated by law, and nominations are not made to them
by the President, he cannot appoint to such offices
during tho recess of the Senate, because a vacancy
docs not happen doling the recess of the Senate. In
many instances-where oDiced are cieated by law spe-
cial power is on this very account given to the Presi-
dent to fill them during the recces; and it was then
said that m no other instance^ had the President filled
such vacant olTieos-withouf the special authority of
law."—Ititorv, paragraph 15-39.
This author says again, in paragraph 1557:
44 There was hut one of two eoui^es to be adopted,
either that the Senate should perpetually be in ses-
sion, in ouler to provide lor the appointment of offi-
cers, or that the President should be authoiized to
make temporary appointments during the recess,
which should expire when the Senate should have
had an opportunity to act on the subject."
This distinction between temporary and per-
manent appointments is recognized in the case
of the United Slates vs. Ivirkpatrick, 9 Whea-
ton, page 720. The independent action of the
President, in violation of the wishes of the Sen-
ate, seems not to have been anticipated. In a
long list of casualties given by Mr. Wirf, in ihe
opinion referred to, he had in mind oniy those
causes which could not be foreseen as prevent-
ing the cooperation of the Senate.
It has been uniformly held that if vacancies
are known to exist during the session of the
Senate, and nominations aro not then made,
they cannot be tilled by Executive appoint-
ment during a recess of the Senate. (4 Opinions,
p. 3G2.) This would not be true if it were un-
important whether the Senate participated in
the appointment.
It is urged here that the President not only
has the power to appoint, but that, having that
power, he may also remove, as a necessary
incident. I will admit that if it can be shown
that the President may alone appoint to office,
then if the tenure of the office is not fixed but
remains at the pleasure of the President he
maymiujuestionably, remove that officer. Bu?,
sir, I shall show hereafter that the doctrine of
incidental power goes no fuither than to ex-
tend to the President when he alone has I he
appointing power, i deny that the Piesulent
anywhere has that power save when conferred
by Congress as prescribed by tho Constitution.
Besides, Mr. President, 1 assort that, prior to
the opinion rendered by the late Attorney
General, ihere can be nowhere found an au-
thority going so far as did that learned gentle-
man. What says history upon this subject?
Hamilton said, in No. 77 of the Federalist:
" It has been mentioned one of tho advantages
to be expected fi om the coopeiation of the Sena te,
in the business of appointment^ that it would con-
tribute to tho stability of l lie Administration. Xne
consent of that body would be neeessarv t o dKpht'-c
a^well as appoint. The change of the Chief JUagis-
tiate, theru'oie, would not occasion so violent * r so
general a ie\olution in the olliccis of the Govern-
ment as might be expected if he were the sole dis-
poser oi oihctw. When a nian ni any station bad
given snfitd.ietory evidence of his innes-* lor it a new
President would bo restrained horn attempting a
change in favor of a pei&on inoie agreeable to him
by the appi chetision that the diseounteu i nee of t ho
Senate nn<iht fmstiate the attempt and bring some
degree of disciedit upon himself. Those who can
be<t estimate the vaiue ot a steady > ad ninishaiion
will bo must disposed to prize a pi ov i-aon wliu h < <>n-
nects the ollicial existence of public men \wih the
approbation or disapprobation ot that body which,
fiom tho giea ter peruia uency of its own ( omno-itton,
will, in all probability, be K>s subject to ineon-aam-y
than any Other member of tho Government. Toting
union ot the Senate with the Piesideut in t he ai tide
of appointments it ha-*, in sumo eases, been objected
thn t it would serve to give the President n.n umhtc
hijliK'nce over thr Srixttc, because the Senate won id
have the power of ri'vtndiua'j him. This is an ab-
sui dity in terms. IL cannot ad mi t of doubt that t lie
en til e power of appointment would enable hun in noli
moie ellectually to establish a daugemus empue
over that body than a mcic power of nomination
subject to their control."
Mr. Hamilton then proceeds to review, in a
masterly manner, the structure and power of
the executive department, and in conclusion
refers to the many restraints thrown aiO'tnd
the Incentive, and, speaking to this matter of
appointing power, pays: " In the only instance
in which the abuse of the executive authority
was materially to be feared the Chief Magis-
trate would, by that plan, (speaking of ihe
Constitution,) be subjected to the control of a
branch of the legislative body/' and asks:
"What more can an enlightened and reason-
able people desire ?"
Jn No. 70 of the Federalist the writer ex-
amines at more length the reasons which led
to the adoption of this joint plan of appoint-
ment, instead of conferring the entire power
upon the President; and he shows that the
power given to the President was solely to
nominate, while the Piesident and Senate ap-
point. He shows that as the President must
first nominate he can always, oven if the Sen-
ate reject, send back the name of some one of
his choice; and this should satisfy those who
insist upon giving supreme power of appoint-
ment to the Executive. He then asks:
"To what purpose, then, require corporation of
the Sona.to? f answer that tho necessity of the con-
currence would have a powerful, though in genual
silent, operation. It would be an excellent check
upon a spirit of favoritism, in tho President, ;.nd
would tend greatly to prevent the appointiuent of
unfit characters trom State prejudice, from family
