1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
if it is understood that I can make my speech
on this'bill that will be as agreeable to me as
to take up the other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that question
has already been decided by the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
has arrived when it becomes the duty of the
Chair to announce that the morning hoar has
expired, and the unfinished business of yes-
terday is the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Yates,] to take up the bill for the
admission of Colorado.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the Senate did not
take it up. The entering of a motion, I ap-
prehend, does not make a bill the unfinished
business.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. But pend-
ing the motion to take up the bill the Senate
adjourned.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware of that;
but I suppose such a motion falls with the day
unless the bill is taken up.
Mr. YATES. Oh, no.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion falls with
the adjournment, as I understand. If the bill
were taken up then the bill would be before
the Senate; but I never heard before of a
motion being before the Senate the next day;
it falls with the day.
The PRESIDENTpj-o tempore. The Chair
does not so understand it. A motion not de-
termined, a debatable motion, I suppose, like
anything else, may stand over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To avoid any difficulty
I move to postpone it and all other subjects
and proceed with the bill under consideration.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Kentucky will allow me I will say to him that
as soon as we get through with this measure I
have certainly no objection to his occupying
the floor, or he can occupy the floor on this
measure. Of course he has the right to do
that; but I suppose I am entitled to the floor
upon it until 1 conclude the observations I
desire to make, which will be brief.
Mr. DAVIS. But there is another motion
now pending before the Senate—the motion to
dispense with all other orders of the day and
continue the subject upon which the Senator
has been addressing the Senate. When the
Senator .from Illinois [Mr. Yates] made his
motion last evening to take up the Colorado
bill I intended then to make the question of
order upon it, but the honorable Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] immediately moved
an adjournment, which cut off my question of
order on the Senator from Illinois. All that
I desire is, that to-day or to-morrow, I do not
care which, I shall be allowed to conclude my
speech. If the Senate will come to that un-
derstanding it is as agreeable to me as any
course that can be adopted.
Mr. YATES. I do not propose to contest
with my colleague in regard to proceeding
with this question if the order of the day is
passed over informally and the Colorado bill
will come up next in order; or, if he will yield
the floor for a moment, I will move that to- •
morrow at one o'clock the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bill for the admission
of Colorado into the Union.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have no objec-
tion to that motion if we could get a vote at
once, but I am afraid it will lead to discussion
again. I suggest to my colleague that I pre-
sume the Senate will take up_ that bill very
soon. I know my own disposition will be to
aid him in getting up the Colorado bill as soon
as we can; but it would relieve us from this
embarrassment if he would withdraw the mo-
tion he made yesterday and let us proceed
with this bill and not waste time in discussing
the order of business. That will probably lead
to debate again and take up time. I appeal
to my colleague, therefore, under the circum-
stances, to withdraw his motion at this moment
and let us proceed with the bill we have before
us. That will relieve us from any complica-
tion about it.
Mr. YATES. With the understanding that
this will be the next motion in order I will
withdraw my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can assent to no such
understanding.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then this bill is before
the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not enter into any such
understanding.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-,
ator from Illinois withdraws his motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That leaves House bill
No. 214 now before the Senate without a vote,
as I understand.
Mr. CONNESS, (to Mr. Trumbull.) Ask a
vote on your motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; the bill is before
the Senate without any motion now.
Tbe PRESIDENT!1 pro tempore. The Chair
does not so understand. By the rules, when
the morning hour expires, the special order
or the unfinished business is before the Senate
without a motion. That suspended the bill
that was under consideration, and I suppose
it will require a motion to proceed with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I make that mo-
tion, if it be necessary, to resume the consid-
eration of House bill No. 214. I supposed,
the other motion being withdrawn, this would
go right on.
Mr. DAVIS. If the unfinished business
comes up, as a matter of course it comes up,
I being entitled to the floor; and consequently
whenever the unfinished business is called up
and a member of the Senate is in the midst
of a speech upon it he is entitled to the floor
as a matter of right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When the question on
which the Senator has the floor comes up un-
doubtedly that will be the rule, but that ques-
tion does not come up as the unfinished busi-
ness according to the Chair's decision.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that to be tbe
ruling of the Chair.
Mr. TRUMB ULL. I did not so understand.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, let us have an under-
standing of the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands this to be the condition in which
the matter stands: when we met here this
morning the unfinished business at the expira-
of the morning hour was the motion that the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates] made yes-
terday, and on which we adjourned. That was
a debatable motion, and the Chair considered
that it was the unfinished business when the
morning hour expired. The bill to which the
Senator from Kentucky refers, which was de-
bated so long on a motion to refer with instruc-
tions, was superseded by other business, and is
not unfinished business at all. When the un-
finished business of one day is interrupted the
next day by any other matter it is gone; it
loses its place entirely. So the Chair under-
stands.
Mr. GRIMES. In other words, there is no
unfinished business now. The reconstruction
bill was cut off'.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No; there
is no unfinished business when the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Yates] withdraws his mo-
tion, which he has withdrawn.
Mr. GRIMES. Now then, the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. YATES. The Chair misunderstood me,
perhaps. 1 will now withdraw the motion, but
I give notice that as soon as this bill is dis-
posed of I shall move, if I can get the floor,
to proceed with the consideration of the Col-
orado bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I under-
stood that the Senator had already withdrawn
his motion, and my observations were pred-
icated upon that fact. Now, I suppose, tech-
nically, it requires a motion to proceed with
the other bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is the opinion
of the Chair, I make that motion ; but I sup-
posed, being on the floor and the other motion
being withdrawn, I would be entitled to go on.
If not, I make the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion, and declared the motion carried.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I have been trying to
catch the eye of the Chair. I intended to make
a motion that the Senator from Illinois be per-
mitted to conclude his speech. I did not sup-
pose when he called this bill up he intended
to ask the Senate to act finally upon it to-day.
1 have never read it or heard it read until this
morning. It is a very important measure. So
far as I am concerned I desire to hear the Sen-
ator from Illinois in advocacy of his bill, and
that then we shall fix it,, say as the special
order for to-morrow, and then conclude it. . I
think we should probably abbreviate debate
upon it by giving members a reasonable oppor-
tunity to understand it. I do not make a mo-
tion, as he has a different one pending, and in
either case he will be heard ; but I hope that
after he has concluded his remarks the Senate
will agree to fix to-morrow for the Considera-
tion of this bill, and enable members to exam-
ine it before they are asked to vote upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is all
under the control of the Senate. The Chair
understands the Senate have agreed to proceed
with the consideration of the bill in the charge
of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]
being House bill No. 214.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, having
stated so much in regard to the previous action
of the two Houses on this bill, I desire to say a
word, which I believe will be the first I ever did
say to the Senate, personal to myself. I read
from another paragraph in a newspaper:
"Many of the extreme Radicals complain very
bitterly of tiie4 disposition manifested by Senator
XfiUMBULL to stifle the bill passed by the House and
referred to his committee in the Senate, making a
majority of actual votes cast sufficient to adopt the
new constitutions in tho southern States." * *
* "Mr. TRiiMnui.r, has kept the bill in the
committee for over three weeks without asking any
action on it, which complaints are assuming a threat-
ening form toward Mr. Teumbuli,, and Senator Mor-
ton, among others, will make an attack on him in
open Senato within a few days unless he causes some
action to be taken regarding the bill. Mr. Trum-
bull's course is accounted for by his known opposi-
tion to the bill, and his action may result in an open
outbreak.''
Now, without waiting for the "attack" of
my friend from Indiana—of course he under-
stands me; I know there is no truth in the
report; I am merely alluding to this for the
purpose of putting myself right in regard to my
former action.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to say, as a mat-
ter of justice to myself, that I have never made
any threat of Lhat kind or contemplated any
purpose of that kind.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course not. -I wish,
however—I shall be very brief—to put myself
right on this question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What paper is that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is taken from a
Chicago ^aper. I saw it in more than one
paper. The same dispatch went out from
Washington to several papers.
When the motion was made by the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] that a majority
vote should decide this question considerable
discussion took place, and while the subject
was pending in its various forms, on the motion
of the Senator from Indiana and the subsequent
motion made by the Senator from Vermont, I
took part in the discussion. My remarks are
reported on different pages of the Globe. In
opposition to the requirement of the House bill
that the constitution should only be adopted by
receiving a majority of all the registered voters
m its favor, and also in opposition to the prop-
osition of the Senator from Vermont, which
required that a majority of all the registered
voters should take part in the election, I used
this language in speaking upon those questions:
a^ows a minority to prevent the organiza-
l pS^asov?.rnment*for there never was an election
neld where all were able t° get to the polls. It makes
l?pS 0 °> sta?s at home count more than the
thft hallifISan WT° g0eS t0 the P°lls and PUtS 'll
i • 1 am wawiUing to sanction any such
ifi fi-,?'0; lt 5\vcs the opposition the advantage of
'-tay-at-homes, while those in favor of con-
forming to the law and oiganizing a State govern-
ment must be well, able to get to the polls, and put
