1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3389
of their appointment, and still the objection
urged by the contestant on that account, to the
validity of the votes cast is utterly futile. He
admits that they were appointed by the officer
or court legally authorized to do so, and, there-
fore, whether they were qualified according to
the strict letter of the statute, ornot, they exer-
cised the functions of their several offices under
color of authority. In a word they were offi-
cers de facto, and their acts, in so far as the
public or third parties who have an interest in
them are concerned, are as effectual and valid
as if they had been officers de jure. There is,
perhaps, not a principle better known to our
entire system of jurisprudence than this. It
■was never doubted, even in England, where the
statutes against the appointment of persons to
office who have not taken the oaths of supremacy,
adjuration, &c., are remarkable for their strin-
gency, and it has, perhaps, never been ques-
tioned by any intelligent court in this country;
on the contrary, it has been repeatedly affirmed
by the supreme court of almost every State in
the Union, as well as by the Federal courts.
My colleague refers to the case of Easton
vs Scott (1 Contested-Election Case, p. 272) to
sustain his positions. In that case there is no
question decided that in any respect bears
materially upon this case. It is there decided
that—■
" If an election is required by law to be held by
three judges, ttIio are to be sworn, and it is held by
two not sworn, their proceedings arc irregular, and
the votes taken by them are to bo rejected."
In this case no such facts arose or are estab-
lished. The boards were all full, the officers
duly sworn, after having been chosen and qual-
ified according to the laws of Kentucky, and
their returns are all regular.
Reference is also made to the case of How-
ard vs Cooper (2 Contested-Election Case, p.
282) and with equal misapprehension of its
value and character. In that case but two
persons pretended to act as judges. There
was, therefore, no compliance with the law;
but in the case under consideration there was
an actual compliance with the law, and even if
the officers were incompetent for the reasons
alleged, yet no fraud being alleged or proved,
they were officers de facto, and the election
was clearly valid. In this connection I refer
to Milliken vs. Puller, Bartlett's Contested-
Election Case, page 176 ; Ohio, &c. vs. Ritt,
American Law Register for December, 1867,
page 90 ; Barret vs. Reed, 2 Ohio, 410 ; John-
sou vs. Stedinan, S Ohio, 96 ; Eldent's. Sexton,
5 Ohio, 216, all of which are directly in point.
I hold, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that all these
election officers were legally eligible and com-
petent, and that if the contrary were true yet
their proceedings were valid and legal, and
must be held good by this House, because they
acted under color of authority. They were
legally chosen; their conduct was regular;
there is no fraud alleged or proved; there is
no bad faith or corruption shown. Under such
circumstances the acts of the officer, whether
he possessed the legal qualifications to consti-
tute him an officer aejure or not, have always
been held by all the courts of the country to
be valid. In the leading case on this subject,
of the People vs. Cook, 14 Barbour, 259, the
court say:
" It is sufficient that they were inspectors de facto.
They came into office by color of title, and that is
sufficient to constitute them officers dp. fnctn. The
rule is well settled by along series of adjudications,
both in England and this country, that acts done
by those v.-ho are officers de facto are good and valid
as regards tho public and third persons who have
an interest in their acts; and the rule has been ap-
plied to acts judicial as well as ministerial in their
character. 'In is doctrine has been held and applied
to almost every conceivable case."
I could cite authorities to the same effect to
almost any number. Out of the immense num-
ber of American cases in which this doctrine
has been emphatically stated as the law, I
deem it sufficient to cite the following : Com-
mon wealth vs. Fowler, 10 Mass., 301; Mason
vs. Dillingham, 15 Mass., 170; McGregor vs.
Bach, &c~. 14 Vermont. 428; Cummmgs vs.
Clark, 15 Vermont, 653 ; ICeyler vs. Mclvissom,
2 Rawle; Neal vs. Oversears, 5 Watts, 538;
Bond vs. Bank Washington, 11 S. & R., 411;
Mclvean vs. Summers, 2 Penn., 297; Barrett
vs. Reed, 2 Ohio, 410; Johnson vs. Stedman,
3 Ohio, 96; Elden vs. Sexton, 5 Ohio, 216;
St. Louis Co. vs. Sparks, 10Mo., 117; Pritchett
vs. People, 1 Gilm., 111., 529; Cook vs. Hall,
1 Gilm., 580; People vs. Amnion, 5 Gilm.,
170; 13 Mich., 527; 1 Mon., (Ky.,) 297.
For further example, in the State of Ohio
in one case an officer of election was appointed
by a county judge, who, at the time of his elec-
tion was a resident of another county than that
for which he was chosen, and therefore lacked
the qualifications of residence and citizenship
in the county over which he was to preside as
judge. Yet the supreme court of Ohio held
that inasmuch as he was elected under the
forms of law and acted under color of authority,
although he had not a shadow of legal authority
or eligibility to that office, his action must be
sustained.
Mr. Speaker, it is said by my colleague [Mr.
Cook] that citizens of Kentucky to the num-
ber of 666 who voted for Judge Young had
been in the rebel army, and that it would be
singular if Congress had not the power to
prevent rebels from voting, when it is conceded
that it has the power to kill rebels, to shoot
them down, or to imprison them when in a
state of war. I hardly know how to answer
that kind of logic. If it had anything to do
with this case, or presented any difficulty in
this case, I would cheerfully concede it was
worthy of consideration. But what has it to
do with the case? When these men were in
actual rebellion against this Government who
questions the right of the Federal Government
to overcome their resistance by taking their
lives or by effecting their capture or by impris-
oning them or by doing anything consistent
with the laws of war and of the country? But
when this election took place there was no
war in this country, there were no belligerents,
but there was profound peace. There was no
resistance to law. Where, then, do you get the
authority to say that these men are now rebels
and in rebellion, and that they therefore may
be stricken down and deprived of their right to
vote under the laws of their own State? There
is no such law, and the inquiry, therefore, has
nothing to do with this case, and can have no
valid or legal bearing upon its decision. It is
dragged in forprejudice rather than argument.
The very object of the war was to suppress
resistance to the laws, to vindicate the integrity
of the country, to bring the citizens back to
peaceful obedience and pursuits, and not to
strip them of rights or franchises as citizens.
It was not a war for conquest aud subjugation.
It is said by my colleague, [Mr. Cook,] in
his singular report, that these ex-rebel soldiers
are embraced in no amnesty or pardon of the
President. Letus see. On May 29,1805, the
President issued a proclamation of amnesty,
the tenth paragraph of which says that "all
persons who left their homes within the juris-
diction and protection of the United States, and
passed beyond the Federal military lines into
the pretended confederate States for the pur-
pose of aiding the rebellion,'' shall have full
amnesty and pardon. This embraces all the
voters referred to. There is not a word of
proof that they did not all avail themselves of
it by taking the prescribed oath.
But it is said when they left their State and
went into the rebellion they waived their right
of citizenshipin the State of Kentucky. Waived
it! I would like to know under what law, in
pursuance of what authority, the citizenship of
any citizen of this country can be waived.
What law of Congress provides the means by
which a man may waive his citizenship in a
State? What law in the State of Kentucky
provides any such process? There is none.
It is simply assumption. It is simply running
into the cant logic of thejday which has no found-
ation in law or in decent common sense. A man
cannot waive sacred rights like those of citizen-
ship and suffrage in this country in any sucli
sense as to become disfranchised. To hold
that a citizen can thus lose such rights is to
put, it in the power of Congress or of State
Legislatures to decitizenize and disfranchise
electors at their pleasure, without regard to
any of the guarantees for civil liberty or pro-
hibitions against ex post facto laws or bills of
pains and penalties. The legislative power
in the country may then declare that the doing
of any act by the citizen shall ipso facto place
him outside the pale of law, make him an
alien and outcast from his country without a
hearing or trial or conviction ; without courts
of justice or indictment, formal charge, or
proof, 'lhe doctrine is absurd and monstrous.
When these ex-rebel soldiers left the State
of Kentucky they continued to bo citizens of
the State; when tliey returned to that State
they were no more citizens than they were
before; they were no less citizens than they
were before. They had no less rights as citi-
zens of Kentucky than they had before, unless
under a legal and constitutional law of Ken-
tucky they had been indicted for the crime,
tried, and convicted. Then their rights might
have been diminished, their citizenship might
have been taken from them, and their right to
vote might have been lost. But that has not
been done here as lo one single voter out of
this wholenumber. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Adams] very pertinently suggested
in reference to this case, that, under the sys-
tem of reconstruction, about which we have
heard so much in this House of late, Congress
has never even attempted to say that the com-
mon soldier of the South had forfeited in the
least his right of suffrage. The very contrary
is the truth. That right is recognized. That
right has never been taken from him. That
right continues. It is as sacred to-day as it
was before the war. Certain classes, I agree,
have been disfranchised, but that disfranchise-
ment is in violation of the rights of those
States, and of the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to ask my
colleague on the committee a question. I
understand him to say that persons engaged in
the rebel service came back to Kentucky with
precisely the same rights that they had before,
and that those rights continued until they were
convicted. Now, the question that I wish to
ask is whether he holds that a person arrayed
in war, and enlisted in the rebel army, could,
in Kentucky, vote for members of Congress
while so arrayed in war?
Mr. KERR. I say no.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. And yet they were
not convicted?
Mr. KERR. I say no; and I do not need
to tell so intelligent a lawyer as my colleague
is why I say so. During war, in the midst of
the clash of arms, one system of law prevails,
while during peace, when war has ceased, when
there is no public enemy, when there are no
belligerents, when there is no resistance to law,
then the civil law again reigns supreme, and
under that changed condition of things 1 say
these men hitherto engaged in war may vote
as legally as he or I. If deprived of that right
it must be according to law, upon conviction
and judgment, under the laws of the State, for
Congress has no power to regulate suffrage in
the States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GOLLADAY obtained the floor.
Mr. KERR. I do not wish to encroach on
the patience of the House, but I would like to
have a few minutes longer.
Mr. LYNCH, I ask that by unanimous
consent the gentleman's time be extended five
or ten minutes.
Mr. KERR. Ten minutes will be enough.
Mr. COOK. Iwish to say that I shall abso-
lutely have to call the previous question within
one hour from this time. If the ten minutes
is to bo taken out of the hour of the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Goli.aday] I have
no objection ; otherwise I must object.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I will yield ten minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. KERR resumed the floor.
Mr. SHELLABARGER rose.
