1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2315
ognized principles of international law for its
own defense and the protection of its citizens.
Every Government has the right for its own
peace and security to arrest the citizens of a
foreign Power, within its own jurisdiction, in
time of peace or war; to put an embargo upon
its vessels, to prohibit commercial intercourse
between its own citizens and those of other
countries. It may extend its power as far as
it pleases without limiting it to the exercise of
the power of arresting a single person for the
same object. This is not to punish any per-
son for a criminal offense ; it is not for his
injury, but to compel his Government to con-
sider the claim we make. That is the object
we have in view.
Mr. JUDD. Will the honorable gentleman
yield to me for five minutes?
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield now, for my
time has nearly expired.
Mr. JUDD. Will the gentleman yield to
me for two minutes?
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Judii] has already occupied more time
upon this question than any other member of
this House, and he certainly should be content
without taking any portion of my time, inas-
much as I have but a few minutes left, and
have been subject to constant interruptions
from all sides of the House, to which I have
cheerfully yielded.
My colleague [Mr. Dawes] calls my atten-
tion to article four of the amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, which I will
read. It is as follows:
"The right of the people to be secure in their per-
sons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreason-
able searches and seizures, shall not be violated,.and
no warrants shall issue but upon probable cause,
supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly
dcscubinpc the place to be searched and the persons
or things to be seized."
* Now, my colleague knows perfectly well that
that provides that an arrest, seizure, or search
shall not be made without the authority of the
Government. What we propose is to give
that authority to the Government. This article
does not apply to anything beyond that, and
does not in any respect controvert the principle
I advocate, or the action recommended by the
committee.
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. BANKS. For what purpose ?
Mr. BENTON. Is it contemplated under
this bill that there may be a legal investigation
of the case of the person arrested ?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly there will be an
investigation of the question whether there is
authority to hold him or not. There must be
investigations; let me say the more the better.
Publicity is what we want. It will be a sub-
ject of constant investigation, and I ask the
attention of my colleague [Mr. Dawes] to the
point, whether a foreign Government may seize
and imprison, without trial, citizens of the
United States guilty of no offense, as subjects
of a foreign Government, while we have no
power to do anything for their relief, or for the
correction of unjust principles of Government
by which such arrests are justified.
Mr. DAWES. Will there also be an invest-
igation of the guilt or innocence of the man
arrested ?
Mr. BANKS. We have nothing to do with
that. It is with his Government that we are
interested. Mr. Speaker, gentlemen of the
House must see that there is no connection
between the rights of persons under the crim-
inal law or the provisions of the Constitution
relating to criminal law and the powers of a
Government in a case of this kind. The ques-
tion is broader, more extended than anything
relating to the rights of persons under the Con-
stitution, whether citizens or aliens. It is the
question whether the Government of the United
States has power to take any action whatever
to compel the Governments of other countries
to consider the rights of our citizens and to
bring the matter to negotiation and settlement.
That is all. We stand for that and nothing more.
I said the other day that reprisal is not neces-
sarily a barbarous proceeding. I say now that
it is not a barbarous proceeding. It may bean
act of the highest civilization. And let me call
the attention of gentlemen to the fact that the
Government of the United States has never
attained the recognition of its rights from other
Governments, with a few exceptions, except
by the adoption of this principle of action.
When General Jackson entered upon the
administration of the Government lie found
unsettled controversies wiih nearly all the
States of Europe ; controversies dating back,
some of them, to the beginning of our Govern-
ment. Up to that time there had been found
no means of compellingtheattention of foreign
Governments to such matters. We had con-
troverted questions pending with France, with
England, with Turkey, with Italy, with Spain,
with Portugal, and with some other States.
They disregarded every claim that we made
upon them and gave us nothing in satisfaction
and nothing in prospect but barren negotiation.
We said, as my colleague [Mr. Eliot] recom-
mends us to say now, "If you do not attend to
our complaints it will be difficult for us to
maintain friendly relations with you." But
such a course was not enough for General
Jackson; nor was it enough for the Govern-
ment of the United States. Selecting the
strongest of those Governments, the President
brought our controversies with that Government
to an issue, and in that action he was unani-
mously sustained by this House. How did he
do it? He said to the Government of France,
" Unless you recogrize your obligations to the
Government of the United States we will seize
your vessels or other property, and take such
other measures as shall be necessary to secure
the rights of the people of this country.:'
France then yielded the point in controversy.
Mr. DAWES. Will my colleague allow me
to present right here a single suggestion ?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague has said that
he bases this bill upon the ground that it is the
obligation of this Government to protect its
citizens in foreign countries when imprisoned
there while guilty of no offense against the
laws of those countries; and he proposes to
vindicate the rights of our own citizens by visit-
ing similar unjust imprisonment upon innocent
foreigners traveling in our own country. Now,
Mr. Speaker, if itis justifiable to resort to war,
as I agree with my colleague it is, to defend the
rights of our citizens in foreign countries guilty
of no offense against the laws of those countries,
it is equally a justification for a resort to war
on the part of a foreign Government if we, in
this country, inflict upon a foreigner guilty of
no crime the same unjust imprisonment of
which we complain when inflicted upon our
own citizens abroad. We propose to go to war
with a foreign country for imprisoning our cit-
izens guilty of no offense ; and yet we propose
to write it down on our statute-book that we
shall do the same thing toward an innocent
foreigner in our own country.
Mr. BANKS. My colleague begs the ques-
tion. We propose nothing with regard to a
citizen of any other country. We have no
controversy with such persons. We propose
action with regard to foreign Governments.
Our difficulty is with the foreign Government,
not with its subjects. If any foreign Govern-
ment, in the event of an arrest under this bill,
should undertake to vindicate the rights of its
citizens its first step will be to settle this ques-
tion between us and them, and, failing in that,
to make war upon us. If there is to be war
upon this question, or any other, I hope it may
always be initiated by other Governments. 'I he
proper position of this Government is a defens-
ive position.
My colleague speaks of his willingness to go
to war. Sir, he does not mean war. My other
colleague does not mean war. If they consent
to the action proposed against an individual
subject of another Government, they are not
bold enough to assert the rights of our people
against the Government itself; they do not ^
mean this country shall be involved in vpr-f *
Sir, I do not wish to invols^thiS country in
war. The Committee on Affairs do
not want war. What we want is peace. And
the measure we recommend is to maintain
peace. What we ask is that this question shall
not drag along until restless and excited persons
shall involve us in war by committing this or
other Governments to that action from which
they cannot recede and which leads to war.
Air. HAIIDING. Your bill is partial war.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir ; not quite that. But
it is a measure looking to the assertion of the
sovereign power of the nation, which, if disre-
garded by other nations, might in the end lead
to war.
I will say, sir, that this measure is not an act
of war according to the interpretation of inter-
national law; but if a foreign Government*'
should compel us to go to war 011 this question
then we must abandon our independence. Our
action should be such as to secure our rights
or to compel other nations to make war upon
us. The responsibility of war should be put
upon them, and in the defense as we claim in
behalf of naturalized or native-born citizens
we can very well afford to enter upon our de-
fense if it shall become necessary.
This principle brings the question to a settle-
ment, whatever may be the result. General
Jackson's action of this character brought the
Government of France to an immediate settle-
ment. He brought to a settlement in the same
way our difficulties with other Governments.
His principle was that he would ask nothing
that was not right and would submit to nothing
that was wrong. £Ie did not wait until other
Governmentswereready to considerour rights.
He compelled action upon subjects of contro-
versy that had existed, many of them, from the
earliest period of the Government. His policy
was that which wo present in this bill, that of
reprisals. He was willing to accept anything
that looked like justice in the way of settle-
ments, but he would not submit to no action at
all. We adopt his policy in this great contro-
versy in regard to the rights of American citi-
zens in foreign States, and we are confident of
its success as we are of its justice. General
Jackson, by the same policy which we recom-
mend now to favorable consideration of the
House, obtained the payment of the French
indemnity for spoliations upon American com-
merce; the payment of the Danish indemnity ;
the Neapolitan indemnity ; the Spanish indem-
nity ; the Portuguese indemnity for similar
wrongs sustained by American citizens. Under
the influence of such measures and such suc-
cess he opened for the first time the direct trade
with the'British West Indies, negotiated trea-
ties with Turkey, opened the Black sea to
American commerce, established liberal com-
mercial relations with the Government of Mo-
rocco and other States, to which in an earlier
period of our history we had paid an annual
tribute for the maintenance of peace, and
what is more interesting and satisfactory is
that he established those friendly relations
never before attained between the United States
and Russia which have been of so great advan-
tage to both countries. This success was the
result of the principle he proclaimed and the
policy he adopted. He demanded nothing that
was not right. He submitted to nothing that
was wrong, and he allowed no Governments to
defer without reason the consideration of the
claims he urged. By this policy he settled con-
troversies amicably and justly that had been
outstanding for half a century. But for this
settlement they would still remain to embroil
the nations in war, not with a single State only,
but possibly with the whole of Europe. His
decisive action was a policy of peace, and the
same principle we recommend now for the
same object. His administration was an era
in the history of the country, not a single out-
standing controversy was left between the Uni-
ted States and the Governments of Europe. It
was not war. It did not lead to war. On the
