258
SUPPLEMENT TO
not fair to suppose the removal was to take
place'in the same manner? On the same day
the War Department was created Congress
passed an^act giving the President power ex-
pressed to remove the Governor and other
officers of the Territory organized under the
ordinance of 1181, and yet these officers were
by the same act to be appointed by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. Is it
probable that CoDgress would have made spe-
cial provision for the exercise of power in one
case, if they had supposed that power incident
to the share the President took in the appoint-
ment? Theact, itseemstome, clearly indicates
that Congress regarded legislation necessary to
confer the power, else it was needless to have
legislated at all upon the subject.
But it is urged that the second section of the
"War Department act does confer this power,
absolutely. I say not. The second section pro-
vides for the appointment, by the Secretary of
War, of an interior officer, to be called the
" chief clerk," who, whenever the said princi-
pal officer (the Secretary) shall be removed by
the President of the United States, or in any
other case of vacancy, shall, during such va-
cancy, have charge, &e.
There is a marked difference of expression
between the act I have referred to, as passed
upon the same day, and this. In the one the
absolute power of revoking commissions and
removing is conferred; in the other the ex-
pression, " whenever tho said principal officer
shall be removed from office by the President,"
&c. Now, sirs, I think that, the utmost which
can be claimed from this grant, is recognition
of a qualified and limited power over the Sec-
retary of War, in case his removal should be-
come necessary at, a time when by tho exercise
of it a vacancy would be made at a time wlten
the Senate could not assist in filling it. Pro-
vision had to be made for this, as the discus-
sions at the time show, and I think the lan-
guage means nothing more than that the Pres-
ident was to exercise the same and no more
power than would be conceded to him in the
entire absence of any provision on tho subject.
This law did not take the case out of the con-
stitutional limitation, ami by no legal interpre-
tation can it be held to do so.
When the bill for organizing the Department
of Foreign Affairs was under discussion, the
original draft road "to be removed by the
President." Upon this arose all the discus-
sion which is chiefly relied upon by the coun-
sel for the respondent. Whatever may or may
not be proved by that discussion, one thing is
observable, namely, the language of the first
draft was materially changed, and, as finally
adopted, left the question upon inference
merely. Instead of declaring that this officer
is removable by the President, in plain and
unmistakable phrase, an equivocal expression
was finally adopted, which it was thought
would partially meet the views of the majority
and yet, decide nothing absolutely.
But let us notice for a moment this discussion
of 178'J. 1 am not inclined to underrate the
value of that debate, but as forming any rule
or guide for us I cannot give it great impoit-
ance. The leading mind which controlled the
removal party was that of Mr. Madison, and
he, it is known, argued against his views ex-
pressed before tho Constitution was adopted.
Whether he began to have glimmering hopes
of the Presidency himself I will not say, but it
certainly detracts from the value of his opinions
to know that his views expressed after the
Constitution was adopted were different from
those entertained when he was urging its adop-
tion. But, a? I understand that discussion, the
argument turned largely upon the necessity of
this power resting somewhere at a time when
there was a pressing emergency for its exercise.
The first proposition was made by Mr. Madi-
son that there be established an Executive
Department, comprising the Departments of
Foreign Affairs, of the War, and of the Treas-
ury, the chief officers thereof to be called Sec-
retaries; to be nominated by the President and
appointed by and with the advice ancf consent
of the Senate, and "to be removable by the
President." This resolution was finally made
tho basis for three separate bills, couched in
similar language, creating the Department of
Foreign Affairs, Department of the Treasury,
and Department of War. The bill creating the
Department of Foreign Affairs was first taken
up, and gave rise to a long discussion. This
bill was amended by inserting in the second
article words implying the right of the Presi-
dent to remove the Secretary, and was subse-
quently amended by striking out of the first
article the authority of the President to make
such removals. This last amendment was
carried by a vote of 31 ayes to 19 noes, and
the bill, as amended, passed the House by a
vote of 29 to 22. In the Senate the bill was
carried by the casting vote of the Vice Presi-
dent.
It is an easily understood principle that where
two or more unite in an act they may delegate
the authority in all to any one of the number;
and this, we may say, was done inferentially
by the vote I have noticed. But, sirs, the Sen-
ate has since spoken upon this very subject
many times, as I shall show, and on every
occasion in unmistakable condemnation of the
principle laid down by the respondent.
When John Quincy Adams, in 1820, at-
tempted to entangle the United States in an
alliance with the new republics of South Amer-
ica, and to establish what was popularly termed
the "Panama mission," this encroachment
upon legislative prerogative was sturdily re-
sisted ; the Senate insisting upon its rights to
the utmost, even to contending that when a
now mission is created it creates a new office,
which does not come under the class of vacan-
cies, and therefore the President, has no right
to fill it by a temporary appointment.
Under every Administration since the days
of Monroe we observe attempts by the Execu-
tive to monopolize the right, of appointment;
but in every instance these encroachments were
resisted, the Senate successfully asserting its
joint authority to appoint and remove. In the
session of 1825-2G, warned by the attempted
exercise of this assumed power by Mr. Adams in
the ease of the Panama mission, a select com-
mittee was appointed by the Senate, charged
with an inquiry into the expediency of reduc-
ing executive patronage, which committee re-
ported six bills, intended to control and reg-
ulate different branches of tho public service
and limit some exercises of executive power.
In one of the six bills, to secure in office faith-
ful collectors and disbursers of the revenue,
the President was required to report to Con-
gress the causes for each removal. The section
of the bill to that effect reads :
"That, in nil nominations made by tho President
to tho Senate to till vacancies occasioned by an ex-
ercise of tho President's power to remove from ollice
tho fact of tho removal shall bo stated to the Senate
at tho same time that the nomination is made, with
a statement of the reasons for which such otlieermay
have been lemoved."
Benton says this was intended to operate
as a restraint upon removals without cause,
and—
" Was a recognition of a principle essential to the
proper exei cise ot the appointing po^\er, and entirely
consonant with Mr. Jefferson's ideaof removals but
never admitted by any Administration nor enforced
by tho Senate against any one—always waiting tho,
legal onaotwont. Theopinion of nine such Senators
as composed the committee who proposed to legalize
this principle, all of them democratic and most of
them aged and experienced, should stand for a per-
suasive reason why this principle .should be legal-
ized."—Benton's Thirty Yeurz' View, vol. 1, chap. 29.
During Jackson's administration this power
of removal, as claimed by the accused, came
before the Senate many times, and never but
to receive a decided condemnation. Upon the
breaking up of Jackson's first Cabinet Mr.
Van Huron was nominated to the Senate as
minister to England. His confirmation was
opposed for several reasons, and among them
itwas charged that heintroduced, as Jackson's
Secretary of State, a system of proscription or
removal for opinion's sake, and a formal mo-
tion was made by Mr. Holmes, of Maine, to
raise a committee, with power to send tor per-
sons and papers, to inquire into the charges
and report to the Senate. But this looked so
much like an impeachment of the President
that it was dropped. The same reasons for the
rejection were urged, however. Among those
who insisted upon the rejection for the reason
I have stated, among others, were Clay, Web-
ster, Clayton, Colonel Hayne of South Caro-
lina, Governor Moore of Alabama, and not
least on the list was Thomas Ewing of Ohio.
Van Buren was rejected, and the right of the
Senate and the truth of the principle I now
insist upon were vindicated.
During Jackson's second term the question
came up before the Senate in a different form.
The offices of bank directors to the United
States Bank were about to be vacated by limit-
ation of their term. Jackson desired the re-
appointment of, and accordingly nominated,
the incdmbents. The Senate, for their own
reasons, rejected the nominees. Jackson then
attempted to coerce the Senate into the appoint-
ment, and accordingly sent the same names
back, intimating in his message that he would
nominate no others. The nominations went
to a committee, who reported a resolution rec-
ommending rejection, which was immediately
adopted. The report was an able review of the
power of the Senate, and concludes as follows:
"The Senate perceive, with regret, an intimation
in the message that the President may not see Jit to
send to tho Senate the names of any other persons to
be directors of the bank except thosewhoso nomina-
tions ha,vfi been already rejected. While the Senate
will exercise its own rights according to its own views
of duty, it will leave to the other ottieersof the Gov-
ernment to decide for themQelves on thomanner they
will perform their duties. The committee know no
reasons why these offices should not be tilled; or why,
in this case, no turthcr nomina l ions should be made,
after tho Senate has exercised its unquestionable
right of rejecting particular persons who have been
nominated, any more than in other cases. The Sen-
ate will bo ready at alt tunes to receive and consider
any such nominations as the President may present
to it."
The Senate had condemned the assumption
of the President in presuming to remove for
opinion's sake, and here we have a condemna-
tion of his attempt to perpetuate in office his
own favorites against the wish of the Senate.
But Jackson persisted in putting the question
to every conceivable test, and removed his Sec-
retary of the Treasury (Mr. Duane) because he
refused to do what lie conceived to be a viola-
tion of the law and his duty in the removal of
the public deposits. This was during a vaca-
tion of the Senate. The late Chief Justice
Taney was put in charge of the Department,
and at once carried out tho plans of Jackson.
Upon tho assembling of Congress Mr. Clay in-
troduced into the Senate two resolutions in
relation to the matter. The first one was as
follows:
"That by disrnissingthelateSoeretary of the Treas-
ury because he would not, contraiy to his sense of
hisown duty,remove the money of the UnitedStates
in deposit with the Iiank of tho United States and its
branches, in conformi tj with th e President's opinion,
and by appointing Ins successor to etteet such re-
moval, winch has been done, tho President has as-
sumed the exercise of' a power over the Treasury of
tho United States not granted to him by the Consti-
tution and laws, and dangerous to the liberties of the
people."
The resolution was adopted by a vote of 28
to 18.
Jackson held the nomination of Taney as
Secretary of the Treasury in his pocket until
the last week of the session of Congress ; but
it was rejected as soon as sent to the Senate.
An acceptable name was afterwards presented,
and the matter ended.
The next expression of the Senate upon the
power of the President to remove a Cabinet
minister was even more decided in its con-
demnation of the false doctrine derived from
the debate of 1789. I refer, sir, to the passage
of the tennre-of-offiee act over the veto, and
of course by two thirds of both Houses of Con-
gress, on March 2, 18ti7. Both Senate and
House here united in this expression ; and in
this they spoke for every representative ele-
ment of this Government and for the whole
people.
Need I add to this chain of uniform decision
the last vote of the Senate given on the 21st day
