3340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20*
Mr. KERR.. I must decline to yield for
further questions. I desire to state some facts
in connection with this case.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to say a
single sentence.
Mr. KERR. I must decline to yield, as my
time is so short.
We are told in the majority report in this ease
—the last one I mean—that 625 men who had
been in the rebel army voted forjudge Young.
Now, I desire to invite the attention of gentle-
men to the fact tliat in this report, as made up
by the committee, there is a total absence of
proof to sustain these allegations. On the con-
trary, it appears that in all the election districts
in this ninth congressional district of Kentucky
the only persons who voted, even upon the
Theory of the majority of the committee, con-
trary to law, number 3X8 ; and I hold in ray
hand a statement, precinct by precinct, of all
those votes, which shows upon all the testimony
taken here that only 818 men arc proved to have
voted for Mr. Young who were ex-rebel sol-
diers, or to hava been disqualified even upon
the theory of the majority of the committee.
In every case in which the majority propose
to reject either individual votes or entire polls
the testimony is extremely vague and incom-
plete, and as to nearly all the precincts it is
the merest hearsay, rumor, common political
slang, or partisan denunciation, wanting every
element of legal evidence. It is too worthless
and trashy to be worthy of recital. The testi-
mony as to the election officers is of the same
general character. Itis uncertain, unsatisfac-
tory, and fails iti most cases to identify the
alleged incompetent officer with the alleged
ex-rebel soldier whom the officer is said to be.
In some cases there is an identity of names
shown, but no identity of person. Yet upon
such evidence it is proposed to commit the
great outiage not only of refusing the seat to
the legally elected representative, Judge
Young, bat to give it to his opponent, repudi-
ated by the people, who has the good fortune
to be the political partisan and satellite of the
majority in this House. To this end the House
is called upon to violate most important prin-
ciples, to declare that Congress has power,
even without formal law, to say who shall and
who shall not vote in the States—to regulate
suffrage in all the States.
The majority of the committee say that 883
persons who voted for Judge Young were dis-
qualified because they voted at elections where
disqualified officers presided. They say that
there were 625 persons voted who were them-
selves rebels : and rejeetingall those votes, they
make the majority for Mr. McKee to be 41
votes; but as I make up the footing of their
own figures, I find the actual majority their
own figures indicate is but 37 instead of 41.
Then, by turning to the evidence by which
they hope to sustain their case, I find that they
reject the vote of Centreville precinct, Fleming
county, upon the testimony of Samuel McGtiire
alone, which I will read. He says:
"Mason Caywood and William II. Cord (judges of
election) have been publicly knownassouthern sym-
pathizers and in favor of the so-called southern
confederacy, both during and since tho war."
The majority for Mr. Young in that precinct
was 132. The only evidence is that those
election officers wore "known as southern
sympathizers." There is no testimony that
they were rebel soldiers ; there is no testimony
that they committed one single act of disloyalty
or that they were guilty of any act of treason.
There is no testimony upon which a court and
jury would for one moment hold that those
men were disqualified to sit as judges or clerks
of that election. The only testimony is that
the witness himself, a friend and partisan of
the contestant, had heard other people say
that those men were '' southern sympathizers.''
1 do not need to tell intelligent gentlemen
here that that was the common clap-trap in
political circles in the State of Kentucky during
the last seven years. Whenever men wanted
to intimate that persons were disloyal men
they would say they were rebel sympathizers.
The Radical party all over the country, indeed,
both North and South, have been in the habit
of saying the same thing in regard to the Dem-
ocratic party, including in their denunciations
men who have shed their blood and periled
their lives in the service of their country in
that very war. And yet upon that kind of
vague charges, based upon common hearsay,
without a single particle of proof to sustain
them, it is attempted to reject the vote of an
entire precinct and to deprive Judge Young
of the 132 legal majority given him by the legal
voters of that precinct.
I could refer to other towns and precincts
and show the same state of facts, based upon
evidence as worthless, as flimsy, as unsatisfac-
tory, as the testimony in reference to this pre-
cinct. In other words, taking the_comraittee's
own figures and examining the evidence in the
record that tends to sustain them, or to which
the committee appeal to sustain them, and it
appears to me most surprising thatany member
of the committee should be willing to claim that
they establish a shadow of right in Mr. McKee
to the seat. It is impossible upon any view of
the evidence in the record that shall approxi-
mate judicial fairness to exclude the precincts
referred to. I do hope, Mr. Speaker, that to
the great wrong of refusing this seat to Judge
Young there will not be added the disgrace
of giving it to the contestant. It is not the duty
of Congress to elect members to this House.
Mr. J ONES. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him one question right here?
Mr. KERR. Yes, sir.
Mr, JONES. Did the committee inquire in
the precincts where McKee got a majority
whether any of the officers of elections were
disqualified, as they contend they were dis-
qualified where Judge Y'oung received a
majority of the votes?
Mr. KERR. I cannot say whether any sueli
inquiry was made by any member of the com-
mittee. I am very sure of one thing, that no
such inquiry is indicated by any of these
reports, and that is the only basis upon which
the honorable gentleman may reach a con-
clusion. If any such facts were inquired into
they are carefully kept out of this report;
they arc kept from this House.
But upon the facts presented here, only in
an ex parte way, in a partisan way, this House
is now asked "to reverse the first decision of
this committee, to reverse its own ruling here-
tofore in similar cases, and to now establish a
new rule to control this case, without any just,
fair, and impartial presentation of the facts of
the case by the majority of the committee.
How can any intelligent gentleman of this
House take up that report and answer to his
own judgment and conscience why he should
change the opinion first reported by the com-
mittee in this case; why he should now turn
round and surrender his own judgment and act
on that of another without evidence, without
examination, without the facts, without the
testimony, without anything that can justify a
gentleman in coming to such a conclusion on
a question like this in which, by his high posi-
tion and solemn obligations, he is required to
act and decide impartially and judicially ? I
trust that such an act of stultification will not
be approved by this House, and that we will
have an end of the vicious precedents lately
established here.
message t'uom till. senate.
A message from the Senate, Toy Mr. Gokham,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed without amendment House
bills of the following titles:
An act (II. R. No. 665} granting a pension
to Susan V. Berg;
An act (H. R. No. 667) granting a pension
to Mary Graham;
An act (II. R. No. 608) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Butler, widow of Cyrus Butler ;
An act (H. R. No. 769) granting a pension
to David Howe;
An act (H. R. No. 772) granting a pension
to Robert McCrory;
An act (H. R. No. 774) granting a pension-
to Amos Withaw ;
An act. (H. It. No. 776) granting a pension
to Zephaniah Knapp, of Luzerne county, .Penn-
sylvania ;
An act (H. R. No. 823) granting a pension
toGeorge W. Lochor;
An act (H. R. No. 824) granting a, pension
to Annie Vaughn;
An .act (I-I. R. No. 826) granting a pension
to Michael Mellon :
An act (II. R. No. 827) granting a pension
to Ann Wilson ; ,. „ e
An act (II. R. No. 828) for the relief of
Captain William McKean; and _
An act (II. R. No. 829) granting a pension
to Mrs. Susan Ten Eyek Williamson.
The message further announced that the ben-
ate had passed House bills of the following
titles, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
An act (II. R. No. 663) granting a pension
to Cyrus K. Wood, the legal representative ot
Cyrus D. Wood;
An act (H. li. No. 664) granting a pension
to the minor children of Charles Gouler;
An act (H. R. No. 666) granting a pension
to Henry H. Hunter; . .
An act (II. R. No. 669) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Myron
Wilklow;
An act (II. R. No. 670) granting a pension
to the widow and children ol Andrew Holman;
An act (II. R. No. 671) granting a pension
to the widow of Henry Kaneday;
An act (H. R. No. 672) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Charles
W. Wilcox;
An act (Ii. R. No. 673) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of John S.
Phelps;
An act (H. R. No. 675) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Cornelius
L. Rice;
An act (H. R. No. 676) granting a pension
to Thomas Connolly;
An act (H. R. No. 677) granting a pension
to the minor children of James Heatlierly;
An act (H. R. No. 770) granting a pension
to John H. Finlay :
An act (H. R. No. 771) granting a pension
to John D. Lay;
An act (H. R. No. 773) granting a pension
to William H. McDonald;
An act iH. Ii. No. 775) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Erastus
Kinsel;
An act (H. R. No. 822) granting a pension
to Hampton Thompson ; and
An act (li. R. No. 825) granting a pension
to John W. Hughes.
M'KEE VS. YOUNG AGAIN.
Mr. GOLLADAY. Mr. Speaker, in the
discussion of the question before this House as
a young member of Congress 1 ask the indul-
gence and attention of members to the views I
shall submit to their judgment. And if, in the
excitement of the moment or in the heat of
debate, I shall utter one word that savors of
i personal unkindness or reflects upon anymem-
j: ber upon this floor, let me say in advance that
j it is as foreign from my nature as it certainly
!j is from my intention to say aught that shall
11 wound the feelings of any member on this
jl floor.
Ij The case before the House is an anomalous
one. There are circumstances connected with
it which makes it of extreme interest to every
member of this House and to the country ; and
in the beginning it becomes me to notice the
various reports which have emanated in this
one case from the Committee of Elections.
There is, indeed, such a variety of reports that
we are left in doubt as to what really is the
report of the committee, or rather of the ma-
jority of the Committee of Elections ; and when
the committee so disagrees with itself I contend
that it fails to command that consideration and
authority to which it might otherwise be en-
titled.
