THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
of February, within twelve hours after tlie re-
spondent had made the attempt to remove Mr.
Stanton?
it is plain to my mind that those who voted
with the majority in 1789 were not understood
to give license to wholesale and causeless re-
movals by the President. And we have the
very highest evidence of this not only in the
decisions of the Senate, which I have noticed,
but in the uniform practice of the Government
throughout all Administrations. I do not find
that the first President ever exercised the
power of removal, but if he did so, it will be
seen, I venture to assert, that he consulted the
Senate at the time or at its first session. I do
find, however, an example of his great respect
for, and deference to, that body which the Con-
stitution had made his aid in making appoint-
ments.
Less than a month after the bill had passed
organizing the Department of Foreign Affairs
he sent to the Senate the name of Benjamin
Fishbourne as naval officer at the port of
Savannah. The Senate rejected the nomina-
tion. The President, fearing that in this there
might be some misconception of his motives
scntanother name, but gave his reasons in justi-
fication for nominating Colonel Fishbourne.
When John Adams desired to displace Mr.
Pickering, his Secretary of State, a,nd appoint
another h^, notified the incumbent that he
would, on a certain day, cease to be Secretary
of State. Meanwhile, the Senate being in ses-
sion, he sent in the nomination of John Mar-
shall, who was confirmed; and thus Mr. Pick-
ering was removed, not by the President under
any power the law gave, but under the Consti-
tution and by virtue of the power incident to
the appointing power vesting in the Senate
and the President. This is a very striking
and practical illustration of the doctrine then
supposed to be the true one, and it was but
following out the true spirit of the opinions
expressed in the great debate of 1789.
Jefferson, the President who initiated the
practice of removals, and was the first to con-
lme his favors to his own party, made it a fund-
amental principle that removals were only
to be made for cause. March 7, 1807, only
three days after his induction into office, he
writes to Mr. Monroe:
" Some removals, I know, must bo made. They
niu-M. be as few as possible, done gradually, and bot-
tomed on some malveisation or inherent disyualili-
cation."
On the 23d of the same month he thus writes
to the Governor of Virginia, Mr. Giles:
"Good men, to whom there is no objection but a
difference of political opinion, practiced only so far
aw the right of a private citizen will justify, are not
proper subjects of removal."
Six days after he writes to Eldridge Gerry,
afterward Vice President:
"Mr. Adams's last appointments, when he knew
lie was appointing counselors and aids tor me, not
tor himself, I set aside as fast as depends on me.
Officers who have been guilty of gross abuse of office,
such as marshals packing juries, A'C., i shall now
remove, as my predecessor ought in justice to have
done. The instances will be few, and governed by
strict rule and not party passion. The right of
opinion shall sutler no invasion Iron! me."
How, sir, did Mr. Jefferson proceed to dis-
place incompetent or untrustworthy officers?
If there was a vacation of the Senate he ap-
pointed successors and gave notice to the in-
cumbent of his action. The successor then
became the legal officer, and the incumbent
was removed by virtue of the new appointment,
working a revocation of the old commission.
If the Senate was in session when this tran-
spired he sent the nominations to that body,
and their concurrence in the new appointment,
worked the revocation. If the Senate was
not in session at, the time he sent the nomina-
tions to that body at its next meeting, and the
confirmation concluded the appointment, its
action being an order or approval nunc pro
tunc. And this has been true of every Admin-
istration except the present one. 1 ask coun-
sel for the respondent to show a single re-
moval from office by any President that was
ever held of legal force that was not at the
time or at a subsequent date approved by the
Senate. When this is done the spirit and the
letter of the Constitution are met, and when it
is not done both are violated. Jefferson did
#ot create vacancies. In making new appoint-
ments ho rewarded his friends, and for cause
he displaced incompetent men by appointing
successors, but his action was always subject
toreview by the Senate. The Supreme Court
said upon this point m ex parte Hennen: "The
removal takes place in virtue of the new ap-
pointment by mere operation of law." Not
the mere nomination, but the appointment.
Mr. Madison'sadministrationwillbesearched
in vain to find an instance where he ran counter
to the will of the Senate in this matter of re-
movals and appointments. In every instance
where changes were made the Senate legalized
them if they were appointments coming within
the first clause of the second section, article
second, of the Constitution.
I do not find that any occasion arose in Mr.
Monroe's administration to present the ques-
tion. I have elsewhere noticed the opinion of
his Attorney General, William Wirt, upon the
duties of the President in relation to the exe-
cution of laws which by their terms are to be
executed by officers named in the law. This opin-
ion completely overthrows the assumption of
this respondent.
John Quincy Adams succeeded Mr. Monroe.
There was no occasion for removals for politi-
cal causes at this time. There was no revolu-
tion of parties. Mr. Adams had occupied the
first place in Air. Monroe's Cabinet during the
whole term of eight years, and stood in con-
currence with his appointments. It was called
" the era of good feeling." It will bo found
that ho made no change in offices filled by
nomination to the Senate which were not con-
curred in by that body.
When Jackson came in there was an entire
political revolution in the country. Heformed
his Cabinet, as all other Presidents had done,
by nomination to the Senate. lie displaced
officials by nominating successors when the
Senate was in session, or issuing commissions
during vacation, which stood or fell as the first
Senate thereafter decided. We have already
seen how quickly the Senate brought this
President to account for his first usurpation in
the matter of removals when he removed Mr.
Duane from the Treasury, although it was done
during vacation.
Van Buren succeeded Jackson, and nowhere
can I find that he violated the general practice
of filling appointments and making removals.
Harrison's administration presents another
instance of a complete revolution in party
power. President Harrison in no instance ran
counter to the Senate or made removals or
appointments which were without the Senate's
concurrence. Mr. Tyler, who succeeded him
but a month after his inauguration, was so
impressed with the history of Jackson's at-
tempted usurpation that he made this very
subject the occasion for remark in his inaugu-
ral message. He said:
" In view of the fact, well avouched in history, that
the tendency ot all human institutions is to concen-
trate power in the hands of a single man, and that
their ultimate downfall has proceeded from this causo,
I deem it to be of the most essential importance that
a complete separation should take place between
the sword and the purse. No matter where or how
tile public moneys shall be deposited, so long as the
President can exert the power of appointing arid re-
moving at his pleasure the agents selected for their
custody the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy is, in fact, the Treasurer. A permanent and
radical change .should therefore bo decreed. The
patronage incidental to the presidential olliee, al-
ready great, is constantly increasing. Such increase
is destined to keep pace with the giowth ol our pop-
ulation, until, without a figure of speech, an army
of office-holders may be spread over the land. The
unrestrained power exerted by a selfishly ambitious
man, in order cither to perpetuate his authority or
to hand it over to some favorite as his successor, may
lead to the employment of all the means within his
control to accomplish liis object. The right to re-
move from otiice, while subjected to no just restraint,
is inevitably destined to piodueo a spirit of crouch-
ing servility with (lie official corps, which, in order
to uphold the hand which teeds them, would lead to
direct and active interference with elections, both
State and Federal, thereby subjecting the course of
JState legislation to the dictation of the chief execu-
tive officer and making the will of that officer abso-
lute and supreme."
When subsequently he found himself at vari-
ance with his Cabinet, instead of removing
them he caused scandalous things to be written
and published of them in public newspapers,
and revealed the Cabinet consultations, wbieh
were published in the same way, thus making
the position of the Cabinet so unpleasant that
they resigned. What I now state is alluded to
in Mr. Ewing's letter of resignation. (Ben-
ton's Thirty Years View, p. 853.)
I will not pursue the history of removals "and
appointments in subsequent Admini'stratioria,
but I assert that there will not be found in the
practice pursued in any of them the slightest
warrant for overriding the Senate either in
appointments or removals without authority
of law.
It is well understood that immediately upon
the inauguration of a President the Senate is
called together in extra session and at once go
into executive session to consider any new
appointments to be made. Cabinet changes are
then made and submitted. If the President
could remove and appoint without them such
proceeding would be useless. Indeed, the
President, having in mind the selection of a
Cabinet he had reason to believe would be
rejected by the Senate, would accomplish his
purpose by withholding all nominations until
the Senate adjourned, and thus defeat tl*e very
purpose of the Constitution in requiring the
concurrence of the Senate.
Much weight has been attached to the judi-
cial decisions upon the power of removal. A
closc scrutiny of these will show that they do
not decide the question here discussed.
The opinion of the Supreme Court in ex
parte Hennen establishes this simple proposi-
tion and no other, namely: the power of re-
moval in the absence of all constitutional or
statutory regulation is incident to the power
of appointment. Hennen was appointed clerk
of a court in Louisiana. The law creating the
court gave the judge the power to appoint the
clerk, but was silent as to how he might be
removed. The judge removed Hennen. The
Supreme Court of the United States held, on
appeal, that the power of removal was incident
to the power ot appointment, and sustained
the judge of the court accordingly. The court,
in remarking upon the clause of the Constitu-
tion under discussion, remark:
"No one denied the power of the President and
Senate jointly, to remove where tho tenure of the
otiice was not fixed by the Constitution; which was
a full recognition of the principle that the power of
removal was incident to the power of appointment."
Any lawyer will see that this is all the court
was called upon to say, and in going beyond
this to discuss what had been the opinions ex-
pressed in the First Congress was mere dictum,
and is not to be considered as judicial inter-
pretation. It is no new thing for courts to go
outside of the case before them, and the Su-
preme Court is not an exception. There is
not, Mr. President, as no one knows better
than yourself, a single decision recorded in
the Supreme Court reports, where the power
of the President to remove from office in vio-
lation of the expressed wish of the Senate was
drawn in question. Trace the history of all
removals by the President down to the present
time, and there will be found no instance where
a removal has been made to which the Senate
has not made the act its own, expressly or im-
pliedly, by confirming the successor to the
office made vacant by removal, and this, sir,
takes all decided cases out of this discussion.
What we claim is thatthe Senate must either
be first consulted in the removal, or it must
subsequently to the removal assent thereto.
In Marbury vs. Madison (1 Cranch) the
power of the President to remove was not
directly made a question. Marbury was nom-
inated a justice of the peace for the District of
Columbia under a law which fixed the tenure
of his office at four years. The Senate had
concurred in the nomination, and the commis-
sion was signed by the President but not yet
delivered. Mr. Madison, the Secretary of
State, refused to deliver it, and a mandamus
was sued out to compel him to do so. The
