1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2817
a necessity for the settlement of a question,
and that settlement has been deferred, the
Government of the United States has adopted
this principle in its legislation to bring about
a settlement. We propose to assert the prin-
ciple now. It has never discredited the char-
acter of this Government; it has never led us
into war. On the contrary, it has given us
the highest honor as a Government, and it
has enabled us to maintain peace. We find
instances of the assertion of this principle from
the very foundation of our Government. The
first instance of the kind, I think, was in the
case of the State of llhode Island, so ably
represented by my fiiend on the other side,
[Mr. Juxokes,] whose great interest in this
question has recalled the incident to my mind.
When our G overnment was inaugurated under
the Constitution of the United States in 1789,
llhode Island was not inclined to participate
in the advantages of the Union. She refused
all proffers ; she rejected all invitations. She
thought herself independent and strong enough
to stand outside the Union. In 1790, in pur-
suance of a resolution introduced in the Senate
of the United States, a law was passed pro-
hibiting all commercial intercourse between
the United States and the State of llhode
Island after the 1st of July of that year. That
act passed the Senate, I believe, in February
or March, 1790. The prohibition of commer-
cial intercourse was to go into effect on the
1st of July ; and on the 1st of June General
Washington in a special message congratulated
the Congress of the United States upon the
accession of liliode Island to the Union as one
of its sovereign States. Bnt for that principle
of compulsion there would have been no means
of bringing to an issue the questions between
the State of Rhode Island and the United
States Government. It is the same principle
that we have adopted in this bill.
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman allow
me to couect him as to a matter of fact?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly ; with pleasure.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman's remarks
convey an entirely erroneous impression as to
the reason why lihodo Island was last at the
feast.
Mr. BANKS. I gave no reason for the
action of llhode Island.
Mr. JENCKES. "When the law to which
the gentleman has referred was passed the
convention of Rhode, Island was in session ;
and the reason why the final act of ratification
was delayed was that the citizens of llhode
Island were strenuous for the protection and
"preservation of the personal rights of the peo-
ple, and were not altogether satisfied with the
guarantees provided by the Constitution as it
then stood.
Mr. BANKS. 1 have no doubt that llhode
Island had excellent reasons lor her conduct.
The point to which I desired to call the atten-
tion of the House was the manner in which
that controversy was cut short and the State
of llhode Island brought into the Union.
Mr. DAWES. As that is an interesting
matter of history, I would like to inquire
whether the United States in that case dealt
with the citizens of llhode Island or with the
State ?
Mr. BANKS. The Stale of Rhode Island
was then practically within the jurisdiction of
the United States.
Mr. DAWES. Did our Government propose
to seize and hold citizens of llhode Island when-
ever they came within the borders of the United
States'?
Mr. BANKS. The United States, because
it had jurisdiction of that State, operated upon
all the people of the State and their government.
What it might have done I cannot say; what it
did was enough to secure its object.
Mr. DAWES. Had we jurisdiction over the
State before she was in the Union?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir; before she came
in. By the Revolution the United States ac-
quired the right to control, and did control in
the manner 1 have recited. And if-my col-
league is not familiar with that portion of our
history, let ine tell him that if New York or
Virginia or any other State or States controlling
the heart of this country had undertaken to
maintain their own separate independence or
to acknowledge allegiance to Great Britain or
any other foreign Government, the same juris-
diction would have been seized and exercised
by the Government of the United States.
Mr. DAWES. I understood my colleague
to say 
Mr. BANKS. I do not want to go into any
hair-splitting arguments on this question. I
state the fact, that Rhode Island came into
this Union because Congress passed a law pro-
hibiting all commercial intercourse between the
people of the United States and the people of
that State, unless she came into the Union.
That is what I stated.
Mr. DAWES. I only inquired what analogy
there was between that case and this one. Then
you proceeded against a government, here you
proceed against the individual citizens.
Mr. BANKS. It is the analogy of right. It
is the analogy of force, the analogy of neces-
sity, the analogy of success; and when the
Government of the United States shall assert,
the rights of its citizens and enforce theiri
upon foreign Governments, we shall exercise
the same power and enjoy the same success.
Mr. COBURN. I trust the gentleman will
allow me to ask him a question in relation to
the third section.
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. COBURN. I ask him whether a per-
son of foreign birth, who has merely declared
his intention to become a citizen of the United
States, will not be liable to arrest under this
third section ?
Mr. BANKS. Not if we have a wise man
for President, as I hope we always may have.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COBURN. WTe may have a fool for a
President, and I do not suppose the gentleman
from Massachusetts wants to discourage emi-
gration.
Mr. BANKS. Certainly not.
Mr. COBURN. I propose to insert after
the word "States," in the thirteenth line, these
words, ''and who has not declared his inten-
tion to become a citizen of the United States."
A simple-minded man residing in a foreign
Government, reading this law as it is proposed,
would suppose that he would not be exempted
from arrest, even if he had declared his inten-
tion to become a citizen of the United States,
and would believe that he would be liable to
arrest for live years after his residence here,
and until his naturalization had become com-
plete. Now, it is not our purpose to arrest
those who have declared their intentions to
become citizens, nor to frighten foreigners
from coming here, and so to exclude such a
conclusion 1 offer this amendment, so that it
may be perfectly understood that he who de-
clares his intention to become a citizen shall
not be subject to the annoyance of an arrest.
Mr. BANKS. I do not object to the gen-
tleman's amendment being incorporated in
the bill. The exercise of the power of the
Government in the settlement, of questions
between individuals rests upon the same prin-
ciple exactly. In contests between individ-
uals for the possession of property, if left to
themselves, there could be no settlement with-
out violence. Therefore the Governmentsteps
in and seizes the property and brings the par-
ties into court and adjudicates upon the con-
troversy. The principle embodied in this bill
is of the same character. It stands upon the
principle which lies at the foundation of all
Governments ; for unless you have some power
to settle controversies which arise between Gov-
ernments or individuals all security is at an
end. The same principle is established in our
county courts in the administration of the law.
It is the same principle that we propose to es-
tablish here for the settlement of controversies
between this and foreign Governments. It has
been successful when tried before, and it will
be successful hereafter.
[Here the hammer fell.]
-ayes
Mr. Paixe's and Mr. Pile's amendments
were agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Eliot's
amendment, as follows:
Strike out these words:
The President is hereby empowered to suspend in
part or wholly all commercial relations with such
Government; and in ease no other remedy is avail-
able, to order the arrest and to detain in custody ony
subjcct or citizen of such foreign Gov,'moment who
may be found within the jurisdiction of the United
States, exeopt embassadors and othor public minis-
ters and their domestics and domestic servants, or
who has not dcciarcd his intention to become citi-
zen of the United States.
And in lieu thereof insert the following:
Such delav and refusal shall bo regarded as an of-
fense tothcUiiitedSUitesincoinpatibie with iiiendly
relations toward sucli foreign Government.
The House divided ; and tlieie were-
45, noes 40 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. INGEIiSOLL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 51? nays 51), not voting
,70; as follows:
YEAS—Mossrs. Ames, Arncll, Pclos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, linker. Beaman, Jienton. Broowall,
Buckland, Ulmnler, Cobb, Cook, Dawes, Drn?gs, F#-
gleston, Eliot, Farnswurth, Fcru^, Uailield, Hop-
kins, Jenekes, Johnson, Judd, Keisey. Ketcham,
Koont/, Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loucrhridge, Mar-
vin, Maynard, McClur#, .Miller, MorceH, Panic, Per-
ham, Phelps, Plant-. Policy, KoberMm, Seofield,
Smith, Stone, John Tumble, Upson, Enhu B. Wash-
burn e, William 13. W a mi bum, W elker, Thomas Wil-
liams, nnd Windom—M.
NAYS—-Messrs. Ad im«, Anderson, Bailey, Bank',
Beatty, Bcck, Uromueli, Cake, Gary, Header W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Co burn, (Jul lom, Don neilv,E!a,
Eldiidtje, Gri^wold, llardinsr, Hawkins. Uigby,ilotch-
kiss, Chester D. Hubbard, llnlburd, Inwrsoli, Jones,
Lathn, Mallory,McCarthy, Mercur, Moo)head,Mor-
gan, 31 ullius.Myei6. Nibhudc, Nimn, (/Ncill, Oith,
Pike, Pile. Pi ice, Kanm, Robinson. Shanks. Sit-
greaves, Spalding, Starkweather, Stokes, 'i'aher,
Taffe, Taylor. Trowbridge, YanAeniam, Burt Van
Horn, llobcrtT. Van Horn. V.-n Ti ump. Waid, Henry
D. Washburn, William Williams, and Stephen F.
Wilson—51).
NOT VOTING-Mes.-rs. Allison, Archer,, Axtcll,
Baldwin. Baino-j, B irnum, B mjamm, Bingham,
Blame, Blair, Boutwell, Bojcr, Brooks Burr, Butler,
Chuichill, Cornell, Oovode, Dixon, Dodge, Eckley,
Ferry, Fields, Finney, Fox, Gelz, Clotfebrennor, G<d-
laday, Gravely, Giovcr, Jhiijrbt, IXalscy, Ji\U, Hoi-
man, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, R'ehard D.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, J iilum^Kciley. Ken,
Kitchen, Knott, William Liwienc ts Lineoln, Lynch,
Maislull, MeCormi- k, McCullongh, Moore, Morris-
sey, Munjren, Ncwcomb, Nicholson, Peters. Poland,
Pomeroy, Pi uyn, Kandall, Sawyer, Schcnck,
Selyc, Shcllabarger, > Aaron F. Stevens,^Thaddeus
Stevens. Stewart, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Twichell, Van Auken, Van Wick, Oadwalader C.
Washbui n, Jam< s F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wood,
W ood bridge, and Woodwaid—-Tl .
So the amendment was disagreed io.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BANKS, i demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I call for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 4, not vot-
ing 81; as follows;
YE AS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson. Arnell, Jame« M.
Ashley, Bailey, Bnnk^. F.ooman. BeaUy. B°ck, lien-
ton, Uromweil, Brooinall, Lackland, Cake, Cary,
Chanler, Header V/. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Cullom,_Donncliy, lhit?<:>S Egg!est<>n,
Ela, Eldridse, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Gariicld,
Griswokl, Harding, Hawkins, iiigbj.liill, Hopkins,
HotchkUs, Chester D. Hubbard, ilulbiud, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Jones, Judd, Keisey, Ketehum, Koont/,
Laflm, George V.Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge,
Mallory, Marvin. Maynaid. McCarthy, MeClurjr,
Mcrcur, MiUcr,Moorhead, Morg in, Morrell, MuUms,
Myers, Niblack, Nunn. O'Neill, ()i rh, Paine, Periiam,
Phelps, Pike, Pile, Plants, Policy, Price, Kauiu,
Robertson, llobiiKon, Shanks, Su^'reaves, Smith,
Spalding. Starkweather, Stokes, Stone,Tabor, Talie,
Taylor, Jolm Tiimbie, Trowbridge. (Jp^on, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn. Robert X.Van Horn , v an
Trump, Ward, Ehhu B. Washbumc, Henry D. >\ a.-m-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas >v u-
liams, William Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Windorn—10-1.
NAYS—Messrs. Dclos R. Ashley, Baker, Jenekes,
and Loan—4, . ,
NOT VOTISTG—Messrs. Adams, A!h*on, Archer.
Axtcll. Baldwin, Barnes, Baroum, Bcnj.imm, .bins-
ham, Blnine, Blair. Boutwell, Loyer.Brooks,. Burr,
Butler, Churchill. Cornell, Covode, Dawes, Dixon,
Bodge, Eckley, Ferry, Fields, limiey, i'ox, Uetz,
