1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3841
I maintain, sir, as a leading proposition, that
in these various reports on this case the Com-
mittee of Elections have not the right to claim
ihey have given this case a fair and impartial
examination, because they are so utterly incon-
sistent with the reports heretofore made in the
preceding election cases j they are wholly in-
consistent with the reports in the Kentucky
cases already decided. First, let me refer to
the report of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Cook] in the eases of Beck, Grover, and Jones,
made in December, 18G7. It is there held as
follows:
" But while theeomraittcc entertainedno doubt that
it is the right and duty of this House to turn back
from its very threshold everyone seeking to enter
who has been engaged in armed hostility to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or has given aid and
comfort to its enemies during the late rebellion; yet
we believe that in our Government the right of rep-
resentation is so sacred that no man who has been
duly elected by the legal voters of his district should
be refused his seat upon the ground of his personal
disloyalty, unless it is proved that he has been guilty
of such open acts of disloyalty that he cannot hon-
estly and truly take the oath prescribed by the act
of J uly 2,1862; and further, that the commission of
such acts of disloyalty to the Governmentshould not
be suspected merely, but should be proved by clear
and satisfactory testimony, and that while mere want
of active support of the Government or a passive
sympathy with the rebellion are not sufficient to
exclude a person regularly elected from taking his
seat in the House, yet whenever it is shown by proof
that the claimant has by act or speech given aid or
countenance to the rebellion, he should not be permit-
ted to take the oath, and such acts or speech need
not be such as to constitute treason technically, but
must have been so overt and public, and must have
bppn don e or said under such circumstances as fairly
to show that they were actually designed to, and in
their nature tended to, forward the cause of the re-
bellion.
Now, sir, I maintain there is not in this
whole volume of'testimony one pingle, solitary
act or speech, interpreted by the surrounding
circumstances in Kentucky, which, in accord-
ance with the doctrine of the Committee of
Elections, as laid down in the report which I
have read, would disqualify Judge Young
from taking his seat upon this floor, to which
he was elected by a large majority of the popu-
lar vote of his district. This is rather a bold
declaration, but I believe it is susceptible of
proof. All that they attempt, in two or three
isolated cases, is to make it appear that there
was a suspicion of the loyalty of J udge Young
during the rebellion. In all this volume of
testimony they have failed to prove one single
act of disloyalty against Judge Young. Yet,
while with the two or three witnesses they have
produced to cast a suspicion upon him, there
are dozens who say, although the country has
been thoroughly traversed and ransacked to
tind something against him, that he was a law-
abiding man, aud never, within their knowl-
edge, gave any aid or encouragement to the
rebellion, and most of them, too, the witnesses
of contestant McKee, who were introduced to
prove this particular fact, as the balance of
their testimony most clearly shows.
Let me call attention to the testimony of
some of these witnesses.
'J1. B. Oldham, page 06, swore as follows:
" Question. Did iVlr. Young confers in that speech
that, he had been guilty of any aetof hostility against
the Government of the United Stamps?
"Answer. No, sir. He denied that in most une-
quivocal terms. I never heard him admit that lie
had given aid and comfort to the rebellion."
u ¥ f * sj: 'is sfe
"Answer. I have been a special friend of Mr.
McKee; that is true. I have been a warm friend of
his since he was twenty years old. Ifiave taken but
httie pains to get witnesses. I think 1 only tried to
find one."
" Johx Mh.lkr sworn and examined.
"Jiy Mr. MoKek:
41 Question. What was Mr. 1 oung s course ?
" A?wwer. All tojjk him to be a rebel. He was not
a Union man.
"By Mr. Scofield: .
" Question. Do you know of anv acts of his m oppo-
sition to the laws of the United States?
"Answer. I do not. He was a rebel. Ihat is all I
know about it.
"13y Mr. McIvee: .
"Question. Did you ever hear Mr. Young talk m
reference to the rebellion ? .
"Ansicer. Yes. I heard him say something one
day about Dut^h Yankees and sour kraut.
" By Mr. Scofield: .
" Question. Did >ou hear him say anything indi-
cating his position?
"✓biM/vr. I heard him say one day that tuere was
no Constitution; that the Constitution was broken.
That is the only thing I recollect. I heard Jo<h
Ewing talking to him one day, and saying that he
could take his (Ewing'sy sons into the rebel army, but
could not go himself. That was on the street in
Owingsviile.
|^By Mr. McKeic :
" Question. There is something in your affidavit
about Mr. Young and two others leaving Owings-
viile one night carrying bundles.
"Answer. Some men went out with bundles. Ican-
not say Young was with them.
"By Mr. Kinkead :
"Question. Did you ever know Mr. Young to do
anything against the laws of the land?
"Answer. I did not.
*' Question. Did you ever hear him advise anybody
to break the law ?
Answer. I never did.
*' Question. Did you ever hear him express any
opinion adverse to the Government?
"Answer. Only that the Constitution was broken."
Now I come to SpotswoodDeadman, a colored
man, spoken of on the other side—let us see
what he says on the subject, (page 58:)
"By Mr, Kinkead :
"Question. What do you know about Mr. Young
feeding rebels?
"Answer. 1 saw provisions going from his house,
and saw him taking rebels to the house.
"Question. Did not Union men give the rebels
something to eat?
"Answer. Of course they did. They were forced to
do so.
" Question. Is that the only aid you know of Mr.
Young giving to the rebellion?"
" Answer. I believe it is."
I submit, that my friend on the other side,
who referred to this part of the testimony, neg-
lected to read that particular part by oversight
or otherwise.
Then here is the further proof that is brought
against him to show that he gave provisions to
the rebels.
"Answer. In 1861, at the commencement of the
war, 1 saw Mr. Young's boy, Louis, carrying pro-
visions to the camp, which was about two miles out.
" By Mr. McKek:
" Question, Atter the war gotin full progress, when-
ever rebel troops came into tho town of Owingsviile
what did the Union men do generally ?
14 .Answer. They had to go away."
Then further down is this evidence :
"By Mr. Kerr:
" Question. You were a Union man always?
"Answer. YTes.
"Question. What did you do when the rebel sol-
diers came to town ?
"Answer. I would sometimes stand and look on.
Generally speaking, 1 was working at my trade of
saddlery for the rebels, and I was never interrupted.
I was working for an employer.
"Question. Do you mean to say that Mr. Young
would go out to the country to welcome the rebels
coming into town?
44 Answer. No ; he would come out from his house
and meet them 011 the street.''
That is the kind of evidence. The rebels all
left and he was a good Union man, and when
they came he quietly stands and looks on, to
use his own language.
Michael Carpenter (page (il) gives this tes-
timony:
"I never knew Mr. Young to do anything in aid
of the rebellion except as I have told you. 1 do not
think I ever heard him encourage a young man to
go into the confederate army."
George M. Ewing (page 61) testifies thus:
" I live in Owingsviile, Kentucky. I always looked
upon Mr. Young as a southern sympathizer. 1 know
nothing of his acts. He never took any part, that I
know of, in raising troops for the South. I never
heard him encourage any man to gointothesouthern
army. Iheaid him declare himself a State-rights
man, but never that he was in tavor of the conied-
eracy."
Then I come to the testimony of several
other witnesses called by Mr. Jlclvee, who say
they knew of no single act of Judge Young
which compromises him in any way as acting
with the rebels, nor of expressions which fairly
show "that they were actually designed to, and
in their nature tended to, forward the cause of
the rebellion/' to use the language of the Com-
mittee on Elections heretofore quoted from.
Then we hear the testimony of Bierbower
himself, who, it will be recollected, was the
right-bower of Colonel McKee in taking depo-
sitions. Judge Young met him on the stump
and said he defied any man to put his finger on
a single act which compromised him or con-
nected him in any way with giving aid and com-
fort to the rebellion ; and he further said if any
man should so swear he would prosecute liim
for perjury. This declaration by Young was ,
made all over the district during the canyass, 1
publicly and privately, within the knowledge
of this contestant; and the proof by Mr. Greeu,
acandidate for Congress with Young and Mc-
Kee, is that McKee failed or refused at any
and all times in the presence of Young to make
this charge.
But, Mr. Speaker, let us go bpek to the in-
ception of this case, to see how it was gotten
up. The decision against Judge Young was
not made in any of these reports. Oh, no ; that
decision was made in this House last July, and
any man who will read the record of the debate
at that time will see that it was a foregone con-
clusion at that time. Why? The dominant
party, in addition to a not unnatural desire to
have a member of Congress from Kentucky
who sympathized with their political sentiments,
iu and out of Congress, especially that branch
who lived in Kentucky, most earnestly desired
to strike a blow at the public sentiment of the
State, and punish " rebel Democracy," as they
facetiously call it, by insult and injury, in strik-
ing down her Representative. Colonel McKee
made ten distinct allegations against Judge
Young as reasons why he should not have his
seat. And yet not one of those ten allegations
has he proved in this testimony.
There is the statement of Willis Hockaday, a
negro, who was talked about so much; then,
also, one William S. Sharp. Now I propose to
talk a little about this Hockaday to show how
he stands upon this question. Here is his
deposition, published in the Congressional
Globe in July last:
State op Kentucky, County of Montgomery:
This day personally appeared before me, a notary
public in and for tho county and State a,bove, Willis
Hockaday, who states that in the year 3 8t51 ho was at
work at liaccoon Furnace, in thecouuty of Greenup,
Kentucky ; that in the month ol (September or Octo-
ber, ot said year. a band of rebels came to saidplaeo
from the Upper Sandy country on a raid ; that they
captured a number of men and carried oil' a largo
number of horses and other property. Affiant states
that he himself was captured by these rebels -md
carried off, but after four or live days made his
escape. John D. Young, of thecounty of Bath, and
the same man who was on tho 4th day of Ma.y,
1867, elected to the Fortieth Congress from the nmih
Kentucky district, was with said band of rebels, and
was in command of the same, representing himseit
as a colonel, and was by the men under lum called
by that title. Affiant was captured in the night,
taken out of his bed, ordered to get up and go with
them, which he did. During the night aihant dulnot
recognize any of the persons, but the next day saw
Young among the men, and commanding them. Alter
his escape he made his way toward Camp Dick llob-
inson, and on his way through Owingsviile, Bath
county, related the circumstance, and was then told
that Young was absent from home and had gone to
tlie rebel camp at Piestonbuig". After his capture ho
vra? taken through Grayson. Carter county, and wp
Little Sandy to Dry Fork. At night affiant made his
escape; and further saith not.
his
WILLIS X HOCKADAY,
mark.
Attest: E. A. Thomas, J. P. Selson.
Sworn to before me by Willis Hockaday, who states
in my presence, and the presence of the witnesses
whose names appear above, that he has heard the
loregoing aiiidavit read and has fixed his mark to his
name to the same, and that its statements are true.
Witness my hand and seal this 15th day of June,
1867. G. E. MILLER,
Notary Public for Montgomery county, Kentucky.
You who have paid but little attention to
this case will be surprised to learn that not a
word of this is true. This Mr. Willis Hocka-
day—a gentleman of color—made a deposi-
tion, which is also in the Globe, directly to the
contrary in every sentence and every word.
And not only so, but he made his appearance
before the sub-committee of the Committee
of Elections at Lexington, Kentucky, and I
will read from his testimony on the subject,
and you may judge for yourselves what credit
should be attached to the statement and motives
of a man who has introduced just such tes-
timony. Here is his testimony;
141 live in Stoner, Clark county. Kentucky. I for-
merly resided at Mount Sterling. In the fall ot lbbi
I was in Greenup county, at Raceoon iurnace. A
squad of six or eight men came there one nisv' antJ
called me up, and took me off with them. I am noc
know any of them. We fell in with other squads ot
men, till they numbered some fifty altogether J> cxc
morning there came riding up two very re6Pe?'f,'>'^
looking gentlemen, and I was told that one of !hem
was commander of the company, and that his name
was Young. I finally made my escape.
