1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1293
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope my honorable
friend will withdraw the motion to enable me
to make an observation.
Mr. HENDERSON. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday', February 20, 1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
account op sekgeant-at-arms.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order was the ciJtasideration of aresolution re-
ported from the Committee on Accounts in
reference to certain charges against the Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the House, being the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, on which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broomall]
was entitled to the floor.
correction.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to make a brief statement in reference to
a vote.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. EGGLESTON. Last Friday, on the
vote for extending the patent for wooden
screws, I am recorded as not voting. I wish
to correct that. I was-present in my seat and
voted against the extension.
The SPEAKER. The correction will be
made.
new mexico contested election.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, and report from the Committee of Elec-
tions the following resolution:
Reunified, That, in the contested-election case from
New Mexico the time for taking testimony be, and
the same is hereby, extended for the period of ninety
days from and after the expiration of the last exten-
sion in this case, said testimony conforming in all
things else to existing laws.
I wish to put upon the record that this has
been done by agreement between the parties,
without including any laches on the part of
either of them.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
railroad lands.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, by unanimous consent, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 767) to regulate the disposi-
tion of lands, that may be hereafter granted
to aid in the construction of railroads; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and recommitted to the Committee
on Public Lands.
branch mint at san francisco.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, by unanimous
consent, offered the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to this House information
as to the present condition and management of the
affairs of the United States branch mintat San Fran-
cisco, California. Whether the controversy between
the superintendent and treasurer of that institution
that has existed for some four years past still con-
tinues- also what has been done with the case ot
the "United States vs. Haraszthy (former meltor and
refiner of the branch) for an alleged embezzlement
of a larger portion of the sura of $363,59043. deficit m
his department in 1856, for which ioi a time the Gov-
ernment held property trusteed, belonging to said
Haraszthy: and also as to what disposition has been
made in the more recent ease oi.robbery perpetratod
previous to or in the month ot December, 18w>, m the
treasurer's department; whether the treasurer, 1). Vv.
Cheesoman, has yet made srood all or any part ot the
89 60')in greenbacks, the5)9,o-j530also in greenbacks, or
the $2U,000 iu gold coin stolen ; and also it the feeere-
tary still entertains the .l>™P sal of said Cheoseman
to throw tho responsibility ot tho loss of the lattei
sum upon the coiner's department of the branch
mint: also information of the still more recent fraud
perpetrated prior to and about the month of Decem-
ber last in the treasurer's department, namely, the
alterations in the reported fmenessof deposits of gold
and silver, and how long continued, and how exten-
sive this last fraud has proven to be.
henry a. smytiie.
Mr. HULBURD, byunanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to;
Resolved. That tho Committee on Public Expendi-
tures be instructed to inquire into the receipts of
Henry A. Smythe, collector of tire port of New York,
in his official capacity, whether such receipts have
boen derived from fines, penalties, or forfeitures, or
otherwise; and that for this purpose they havepower
to send for persons and papers and examine witnesses
under oath.
Mr. HULBURD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. I call for the regular
order.
accounts of sergeant-at-arms again.
The House resumed the consideration of the
unfinished business at the adjournment yester-
day, being the report from the Committee on
Accounts in regard to certain charges against
the Sergeant-at- Arms, upon which Mr. Bboom-
all was entitled to the floor.
The concluding resolution reported by the
committee is as follows:
Resolved, That tho committee he discharged from
the further consideration of the subject.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, I will not
occupy much of the time of the House ou the
resolution now. It will be seen by the report of
the committee, which appears in the Globe this
morning, and which I suppose every member
has read who desires to read it, that the com-
mittee acquit the Sergeant-at-Arms upon all
the charges made against him. I stated yes-
terday that the report was not a unanimous
one, that the gentleman fronr Maryland [Mr.
McCcllough] would probably ask to make a
minority report. I am inclined to think that,
the gentleman does not materially differ in
opinion with the rest of the committee about
the resolution which we have reported. As the
gentleman is present, I will yield to him such
time as he may desire to state what he wishes.
Mr. McCCJLLOUGH. Mr. Speaker, I ha,ve
not as yet determined that I will make a
minority report. I asked the chairman of the
committee yesterday morning to give me a
little time to consider this matter. 1 could not
see at that time why there was so much haste
about it. That privilege was, however, de-
clined. I may or may not determine to make
a minority rc'port. As my colleague has said, I
do not know that I shall differ with the major-
ity of the committee except in regard to the
argument in the case. I have not been able to
investigate the case as fully as I would like to
do before making any report, if I do make one.
If I conclude to make a minority report I hope
the House will grant me that privilege.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, the major-
ity of the committee have not, of course,
intended any discourtesy to the gentleman
from Maryland. It was because, as he him-
self states, he does not appear to differ mate-
rially from the rest of the committee, probably
not at all upon the final resolution, that we
thought it not necessary to detain the commit-
tee or the House further upon this matter. If
no gentleman desires to ask a question iu re-
lation to the report 1 demand the previous
question.
Mr. McCULLOUGII. "Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BROOMALL. Certainly.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. 1 do not think that
the testimony has cleared up one charge made
against the Sergeant-at-Arms. I do not impute
to Mr. Ordway any willful intention to defraud
the Government or to charge more than he was
entitled to receive for the services performed.
The difficulty in my mind.is this: as I under-
stand the act of March 3, 1859, tho Sergeant-
at-Arms has no right to charge for constructive
mileage.^ The act of 1859 is, in my opinion,
very plain on that point, not only in the spirit
of the law. but in the letter of it; "and, as I
understand, it was passed for the very purpose
of preventing the Sergeant-at-Arms from charg-
ing constructive mileage, which had been "'the
practice up to that time. Now, as I said bo-
fore, I do not charge that more money has
been paid than perhaps the Sergeant-at-Arms
was entitled to receive for the services per-
formed, because, as the testimony shows, he
was required to' go to the city of New York
and to remote parts of the country, and to send
messengers there at a heavy expense; but the
accounts, as I understand the matter, show
that he has charged for travel and mileage
which the testimony does not substantiate.
That is the difficulty in my mind, and I would
like if the House will grant me the privilege
for a little further time to consider the matter,
and I may be able to change my mind upon
that point. Hence it was that I desired the
chairman of the committee yesterday morning
to give me a little time to consider the matter,
which I thought I was entitled to. •
Mr. BROOMALL. I suppose there will be
nothing to hinder the gentleman from Mary-
land from making a minority report at any
time, so that his views may accompany the
remainder of the papers in the case. It is
not with the design of cutting off auyt!#ng of
that kind that this resolution is nowpressed by
the committee. The gentleman himself has
defined very clearly the difference between him
and the rest of the committee, and he has
very properly stated it. It is not a difference
upon any material point, but rather on a ques-
tion of regularity.
I think the committee all agree that the Ser-
geant-at-Arms has not received more money
than he was entitled to, though upon certain
bills it may have been improperly apportioned
in regard to the items. The charge is fraud;
and upon that point every member of the com-
mittee, I believe, agrees to exonerate the Ser-
geant-at-Arms. Before calling the previous
question I desire to move an amendment to
the resolution reported by the committee, which
docs not stand by itself, as I supposed it would.
I move to strike out the words "of the sub-
ject" and to insert instead thereof the words
"of the charges against the Sergeant-at-Arms
referred to them;" so that the resolution will
read:
Resolved, That the committee be discharged from
tho further consideration of the charges against tho
Sergeant-at-Arms referred to them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. What will be the
effect of discharging the committee ? I have
no objection in the world to the committee
being discharged. I do not think there is any-
thing further for the committee to do.
The SPEAKER. "With consent given. to
the gentleman to make a minority report, he
can make it at any time during the session;
but if the committee bo discharged they can-
not resume the investigation until further order
of the House. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Maryland will have leave to
present a minority report. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. ALLISON. What will be the effect of
the adoption of the resolution? Will it have
the eft'cct of making a final disposition of this
case ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. BROOMALL. So far as these charges
arc concerned, certainly.
The SPEAKER. If other charges are made
of course they will be investigated ; but it will
settle the question so far as these charges are
concerned.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to ask tho
chairman of the eoinmitlee a question.
Mr. BROOMALL. Certainly.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to know
whether all the money has been paid to the
Sergeant-at-Arms which is alleged to have
