260
SUPPLEMENT TO
court decided that a mandamus could not lie
against the head of an executive Department.
Upon the right of Marbury to his commission,
however, the court said:
"Some point of time must be taken when the power
of tho Executive overall oilicer, notreinovableat his
will, must cease. Tiie point of time must be when
the constitutional power of appointment has been
cA.eioij.ed. And this power has been exercised when
the last act, required from the person possessing the
power, has been performed."
By the act of 1780, creating the Department
of Foreign Affairs, it was made the duly of the
Secretary of that Department to affix the seal
of the United States to all commissions signed
by the President. Upon the point as to whether
the President could arrest the commission here
the court said:
"Tli's is not a proceeding which mny be varied if
tho judgment ot'the Ex/ocuuve shall suggest one more
eligible; but is a precise coarse, accurately mtxi ked out
by law, and is to bo strictly pursued, it is the duty ot
tho Secretary ot State to eontorui to the law, and in
this he is an offieer of the United States, bound to
obey the laws, lie acts under the authority of tho
law, and not by the instructions ot the Piesident."
If that case bears upon this, it goes only to
show that the President cannot interfere with
the due progress of the law, under the assump-
tion that he is Chief Executive, and therefore
possessed of power to control ail executive
offices.
If Jhere are any decisions of the Supreme
Court directly in point they have escaped me.
1 assume there are none, for the respondent
stales that he was governed in his action mainly
to make a case for the courts, in order to obtain
a judicial decision. For tho first time in our
history have we a direct issue between the two
appointing powers. For tho first time have
we a ease where the Senate, refusing to concur
in a removal, the President ignores that body
and defies its expressed will, ami that, too, in
the face of a positive enactment.
Sirs, i contend that the Department of War
to-day, of which Edwin M. Stanton is Secre-
tary, is not the Department of War of which
Ilenry Knox was Secretary under George
Washington. I have shown that by the act of
1789 the law simply created the Department,
but assigned no duties to it except such as
might suggest themselves as necessary to the
President.
The Department remained thus, without any
duties imposed upon it, by law, and without, an\
legislation recognising its importance or its dis-
tinctiveness, until -May 8, 1798. Meanwhile,
the duties pertaining to the Navy had been
taken from the War Department and conferred
on a separate Department; Congress had t;i\en
the power to make contiucLs for war and navy
materials to the Secretary of the Treasury.
liy the act of July JO, J7US, it was provided
that all contracts and all purchases for the
military service should be made by direction
of the Secretary of War. The law also made
it the duty of the public purveyor, who was an
important oilicer and lesponsible for laige sums
ot money, to report to the Secretary of War.
The change here may seem unimportant, but
it marks the beginning of that emancipation
of the War Department from the manacles of
executive control which is now by law made
so complete.
The subsequent laws organizing the pay de-
partment, the quartermaster and commissary
depaitments, the engineer and ordnance corps,
all recognize the Secretary of War as in many
respects the chief and sole executive oilicer for
the discharge ot specific duties with which the
President had nothing whatever to do.
Still later, in 1812, when an army was raised
to meet the apprehended war with Ureal
Britain, greater powers were conferred on the
Secretaiy of War. In the Indian wars, in the
war with Mexico, and especially in the late
war againstrebellion, Congress seemed to have
treated the Secretary of War as the only ex-
ecutive officer with whom they had anything
to do, so far as that Department was concerned,
and the legislation does not in many instances
recognize the existence of a Chief Executive, so
grear. and powerful an engine of government
had the War Department become. Resolu-
tions of inquiry for information in relation to
military affairs were all directed to the Secre-
tary of War and he made answer to Congress
himself without consultation with the Pres^
dent. The entire and immense system of pur-
chase and supplies for the Army, the organiza-
tion and equipment of troops, the moving of
troops and military supplies, the sequestration
of the enemy's property, the entire internal
management of Army affairs, the payment and
disbursement of millions of dollars annually,
the adjustment of numberless claims against
the Government, are all by law imposed upon
the Secretary of War. Indeed, the War De-
partment has, by virtue of laws passed since
1780. been completely changed, and instead of
being a mere appendage to the executive office,
with {in amanuensis in it to write what the
President might dictate, it is now, next to the
Treasury, the most powerful and important
Department of the Government.
Take up the statute-books and compare the
laws as they now stand and as they stood when
Congress spoke the Department into exist-
ence by four short sections in the act of 1789.
You will find that there is scarcely a vestige
of the act of 1789 left in force. That made
the Department of War a part of the executive
otlice, with its whole contiol in the President.
The laws now place the specific duties of that
vast Department in the hands of the Secretary,
and hold him alone responsible. The very
necessities of our national growth have wrought
this change, and the people have come to hold
j the President no longer responsible, as they
I once did, for the conduct of the Executive De-
partments. Any une who, daring the late war,
; had occasion to appeal from Mr. Stanton's
! decision in matters appertaining io his legal
! functions knows that what 1 state was recog-
1 nized by the President as true.
I Thn, too, has been recognized by judicial
i; decision. The President has no right to per-
; form executive acts by law given to his Seere-
II taiies. lie had this right in 1789 because the
!j law made them the execulorsof his will merely.
!j Can the President make a contract for the
ji supply of the Army or Navy which the courts
;i would hold binding? Can he give legal effect
i' to an act. which the law requires a particular
|i oflieer of the t io\eminent to do? Can he step
into the War, Treasury, or Navy Departments
and .sign official papers which the Secretaries
si^n and make his acts h'gal? if he is the
chief and only controlling Executive, why has
not he cut the Gordian knot by taking the War
Depaitment reins into his own hands until the
Senate t-hall confirm his nominees?
There can bo no other safe view to take of
this question—any other leads to despotism.
In speaking of t he Executive Departments dur-
ing the groat discussion upon President .lack-
son's removal of his Secretary of the Treasury,
Mr. Clay said:
"We have cMabli-hed and de^i^nated oflWs and
appointed o Diners in each ofthe-e respective Depart-
ment^ to < xei-ute the duties re.-peeuve.ly allotted to
them. The i'rc.-adent, it is tiue, presides over the
w hole. Specific duties are often assigned by partic-
ular laws to lnm alone, or to other oilicers under his
^ipenntendcuce. Jiis parental eye is presumed to
Muvey the whole extent, of the system in all its
movements; but has lie power to come into Congress
and say such laws only shall you pass; to qo into the
courts and prescribe the decisions they may pro-
nounce; or even to enter tho offices of administra-
tion, andwhereduties are speeiallycontidcd to those
ofhceis to substitute his will to their duty? Or has
he a iifccht, when those functionaiies, deliberating
■ upon their own solemn obligations to the people,
j ha\e moved ioiwatd m their aligned spheres, to
1 aiie^t their lawlul progress because they have daicd
1 to aet eontraiy to hid pleasure? No, sir. No, sir.
h His is a hndi and glorious station, but it is one of
observation and superintendence. It is to see that
obstructions in the foiward movement of Govern-
1 m en t, unlawfully interposed, shall be abated bylegit-
! imate and competent means."
j; Will gentlemen consider for a moment the
i, tremendous consequences of the doctrine
jt claimed by this respondent? If, sirs, this
u Senate concede the power arrogated to the
j1 President, he is henceforward the Govern-
ment. Even Congress is powerless to arrest
\[ his despotic rule,
ii Suppose he desired to force upon the coun-
try a certain policy, and chose the Secretary
of the Treasury, with his immense power, for
his instrument. That officer might decline to
execute the President's will, and claim that
the law conferred upon him alone certain spe-
cific duties which he could not, conscientiously
abandon to the dictates of the President. The
remedy is at hand, and the official guillotine
commences its work. An obsequious tool of
the Executive is placed at the head of the
Treasury, and the Senate and the people are
tied hand and foot, lie may remove at any
time. He may widihold the name of the ap-
pointee ti.l the very close of an intervening
Senate, and should the Senate reject he may
reappoint the same person or another equally
subservient. Indeed, sir, if the absolute power
claimed is conceded, he may so arrange the
appointment as to avoid submitting it at all to
the Senate. Can it be possible that, a power
so tremendous in its consequences was ever
intended?
If the Congress of the United States have no
right by legislative enactment to fix the tenure
to certain offices, and exercise their joint
authority in appointments as well us removals
from otlice, what restriction is there on the
President's power?
If he can control the Treasury by this in-
genious, not to say despotic means, does his
power end there? He may remove the Sec-
retary of War and the General-in-Chief, if they
dare dispute his policy. lie thus possesses
himself of the purse of the nation and next its
Army. Let me ask the learned counsel, if they
be correct in claiming the inherent right of
removal in the President, where is the author-
ity that makes Sherman's, Sheridan's, or Far-
ragut's commissions more than blank parch-
ment before the imperial throne at the White
Hou^e? Under what authority can the Sec-
retaries of the Navy, of State, Department of
interior, Postmaster General, and the thou-
sands of officers of the several executive
branches of Government, scattered all over the
land, shield themselves from the withering and
corrupting touch of the executive wand, when
he chooses to command their removal?
If the President can do these things with
impunity, let nie ask if we have not that state
of government forewarned by Mr. Seward's
question, " Will you have Andrew Johnson
President or king?"
We hear much said about the so-called Cab-
inet council of the President. The heads of
Executive Departments have become Cabinet
ministers, who hover around their chief as aids
to a general of the Army, and the argument is
used that you might with the same propiiety
force an obnoxious aid upon a general as an
obnoxious Cabinetministerupon thePiesident.
Sirs, what is the origin of Cabinet councils, and
whence comes the appellation Cabinet min-
ister? I do not liud them anywhere in the
law which organized the several Departments.
Let us not be deceived by names. 1 know of
no authority for convening Cabinet conclaves
semi-weekly, and 1 fear these councils are
cabals in which the public weal is much less
discussed thau the party weal.
Tell me why the Postmaster General need
be called to consult as to how the Nav y Oe-
partment should be administered ; and what
necessary connection is there between the du-
ties of the Attorney General as prescribed by
law and those appertaining to the War De-
partment? Sirs, the so-called Cabinet coun-
cils arc misleading us, and so far has this
independent aud self-constituted board of Gov-
ernment directors counseled the accused that
he sets up the difference existing between hnn
aud the Secretary of War as working their loss
of the iatter's eouusel in this cabal, and from
this he excuses his attempt to remove him.
You are asked to give legai existence to this
Cabinet, and say the Secretary of War has
duties to perform there, failing in which he
must leave his Depaitment. This Cabinet
appendage to our executive government is an
innovation, and should not be legalized.
The Constitution says the President vimay
