1294
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February *20,
been improperly charged ? I want to know
whether the money has been actually paid for
the charges which the Sergeant-at-Arms has
made against the Treasury?
Mr. BIviOOMALL. The gentleman refers
to the charges made by the clerk against the
Sergeant-at-Arms?
Mr. RANDALL. YeSj sir.
^r' P®99^®-AkL. _ The charges are so
vague thafe it is impossible to tell. So far as
the money has been awarded to the Sergeant-
at-Arms by the proper authorities it has been
paid.
Mr. RANDALL. That is what I wanted to
know.
BROOMALL. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered j and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BROOMALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also* moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask leave to
make a brief personal explanation.
No objection was made.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I notice in the
report of my remarks, as published in the
Globulus morning, upon a bill to establish a
law department, that lam reported as saying:
"In pursuance of that resolution a bill lias boon
prepared, which I am directed to report to the
House.'
Now, this remark, without explanation, may
possibly be construed so as to place the mem-
bers of the Committee of the Judiciary in a
■wrong position. I desire simply to say that I
was directed by the committee to report the
bill and have it ordered to be printed and re-
committed, so that it could be examined by
the members of the committee. They have
not yet examined the bill. The committee
directed me to report it and have it printed
and recommitted, so that it could be examined
more conveniently. I deem it proper to make
this explanation in order that no injustice may
be done the members of the Committee on the
Judiciary.
SACRAMENTO RIVER, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of California, asking that Sacramento
river, in that State, be made a post route ;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
OVERLAND MAIL CONTRACTS, ETC.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous-
consent, submitted the following resolution 5
which was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General is directed
to furnish, for the information of the House, copies
of all contracts with Benjamin Holliday for the
transportation of the overland mail; also copies of
all contracts with said Holliday to carry the mails
from the end of each branch of the Union Pacific
railroad to Denver City; also to report all changes
that have been made since the contracts with Holli-
day were executed, eitherinserviceor compensation,
the whole amount of moneypaidduring the lasttwo
years to Holliday and others for overland mail ser-
vice west of the Missouri river, and whether any por-
tion ofsaidmailserviceisperformed by railroad trans-
portation, and the amount and character of mails
transported; and the Postmaster General is also
directed to communicate to thisHouse any informa-
tion in his possession in reference to the obstruction
of the mails by Wells, Fargo &<J0., the sale of United
States stamped envelopes by the agents of said com-
pany, and the transportation of the same by express.
NATIONAL BANKS IN LIQUIDATION.
Mr. BARNES. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce, for consideration at this time, a
joint resolution respecting the national banks
in liquidation.
Mr. ELIOT. I object, and call for the reg-
ular order.
Mr._ BARNES. Will the gentleman allow
the joint resolution to be reported?_
Mr. ELIOT. Tlie committees will never be
called if we do not get rid of some of these
pending questions. I am, therefore, under the
necessity of insisting upon the regular order.
RIGHTS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS ABROAD.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Foreign Affairs
a bill (H..R. No. 708) concerning the rights
of American citizens in foreign States; which
was read a first and second time, recommitted
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
FRAUDULENT MAIL CONTRACTS.
Mr. McCLtJRG*. I rise to a privileged re-
port. I present a report from the select Com-
mittee on Southern Railroads, and ask that it
be read by the Clerk. I ask members to give
their attention to the reading of the report, as
it is short, and concludes with a resolution
upon which I shall ask for action at this time.
The report was read as follows:
The select Committee on Southern Railroads re-
spectfully report that in the courso of the examin-
ation of witnesses in the prosecution of the duties
imposed by order of the House, certain statements
were made which indicate corruption in, or at least
throw suspicion upon, the Post Office .Department.
^ They (this committee) had not the power, under
instructions, to pursue the investigation.
The testimony relates to the transportation of the
mail on certain roads.
Extracts from the testimony are now given, merely
to show that the statements made demand further
investigation by some standing or select committee,
that suspicion may be removed if it bo groundless, or
that if official trusts have been prostituted and
abused, the guilty may be exposed and the public
Treasury protected.
The testimony is conclusive that there is no settled
policy in the Post Office Department regulating con-
tracts for mail transportation on southern,railroads.
On page 57of Ilcport No. 3, second session Fortieth
Congress, Goorge H. Hazlehurst, president of the
Macon and Brunswick railroad, testifies:
*' Question, Do you carry the mail over your road?
' Answer. Yes.
Question. IIow much do the Government pay you
for doing so?
"Answer. Eight thousand dollars a year for fifty
miles."
It will be perceived that this is a local mail; that
is, it cannot be so large and important as the mail
011 the roads constituting the through route from
Washington city to New Orleans, and that for tho
transportation of this local mail $160 per mile are
being paid.
On page 99, same report, Thomas II. Callaway,
president of the East Tennesseeand Georgia railroad,
testifies: 44 We have only received $100 a mile for one
hundred and twelve miles, and for twenty-oight miles
on tho branch road we get seventy-five dollars amile.
If thcprico has been raised recently, I have not had
any notice of it."
On page 114, John R. Brauner, president of the
East Tenneabce and Virginia railroad, and it will be
perceived one of a continuous through line from
Washington city to NewOrleans,testifies: "Theroad
receives $100 per mile now."
On page 99, the above-named president of the East
Tennessee and Georgia railroad testifies:
*' Question. Has there been any correspondence,
orally or in writing, between you and the Post Office
Department lately on this subject?
"Answer. In June last I had an interview with the
Postmaster General. I was one of a committee ap-
pointed and sent here by the southern roads. The
other two members of the committee were Mr. Bar-
bour, of the Orange and Alexandria railroad, and
Mr. J. It. Brauner, of the East Tennessee and Virginia
railroad. We made a proposition direct to the Post-
master General to carry the mail at $200 a mile for
single daily service, or at$300 a mile for double daily
service. The Postmaster General treated us very
courteously, and told  s that he and Mr. McLellan,
his assistant, had had a good deal of conversation on
that subject, and had about made up their minds to
mako us a proposition. It was not very different
from the one we had made to him, and that he would
let us know the result. But since then I have had
nothing from him.
" Question. Have you had anything from any Gov-
ernment official on the subject since then ?
"Answer. No, sir; I cannot say that I had anything
from a Government official.
" Question. Have you since then been approached,
either orally or in writing, by other parties than offi-
cers of the Post Office Department in reference to
that subject?
"Answer. I have.
'* Question. State by whom, and what that corre-
spondence has been.
"Answer. Itwasaprettyboldproposition. Iwastold
in Now York by certain parties there that there was
a man in New York who could get pay for hs for car-
rying the mail—that is, get such pay as we had been
asking. I first told the party who talked to me about
it that I would have nothing to do with it, and that
I did not wish to see the gentleman. After having a
conference with Mr. Brauner and other parties, who
had talked to me about it, I was persuaded to seo
the person anyhow, 'to seo his hand,* and that then
I could act as I pleased. This party who approached
me first introduced to mo next day a man named
John F. Pickrell, of 58 Wallstreet, New York. Pick-
rell told me that he could get for the whole line of
road $200 per mile for a single daily service, and $300
a mile for a double daily service, provided we would
give to him and his party fifty dollars a mite. Ho said
that he could get a contract for four years, and to
date back to the time that the roads were turned
over. He said that half of this fifty dollars a mil©
had to be left in Washington; that he himself could
do nothing, but that he had a friend in .New York
who was an intimate friend of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and he could effect this thing. I told him that
our road was one hundred and forty miles long* and
I then asked him if he would take from me $7,000,
and get me a contract for the four years. Hesaid he
would not, that ho mu.*t have fifty dollars a mil© for
the four years. I had no intention of giving him a
cent, but I wanted to draw out of him what X could
learn. There the matter ended.
1' Question. That statement was made to you by Mr.
Pickrell ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question, Did Mr. Pickrell give you to under-
stand that this arrangement coulu be made through
a Government official—one connected with the Post
Office Department?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. You understood that person tobewho ?
"Answer. My understanding was that it was the
Postmaster General himself.
"Question. He did not propose to exact any money
from you unless he got the contract?
"Answer. None at all; and then he wanted his
portion of the pay as we received it.
"Question. Did Pickrell in that conversation men-
tion any other name to you?
"Answer. He gave me no name, not even that of
the man with whom he would do this thing. He said
the Postmaster General was then in New York, and
that the matter could be fixed while he was there."
O11 pages 118 and 119, same report, tho above-named
president of the East Tennessee and Virginia rail-
road testifies:
"Question. Have you ever been approached, either
orally or in writing, by other parties than officers of
tho Post Office Department in reference to the trans-
portation of mails?
"Ansioer, Yes, sir; I have.
"Question. State to the committee the napies of
those parties, or of that party, whoever they may be?
"Ansioer. Last September I met Mr. Burns, presi-
dent of the Nashville and Chattanooga railroad, at
this place, and heshowed me a letter from agentleman
in New York—I cannot say who wrote that letter—
making a proposition to have the mail pay increased
by paying a commission to have it done. I told ££r.
Burns I did not know anything about it, but that I
was going on to New York and would investigate it
andsee vrhatit meant. I didnotwant to pay a com-
mission for what we ought to have. I went to New
York, and was introduced to a gentleman named
Pickrell—I think that was his name—who made a
proposition to me that we could get $200 per mile for
carrying a single daily mail, and $300 per mile for a
double daily mail, but that we would have to pay a
commission to get it. I asked him 'how much ?' He
said we should pay $50 a niile per annum, and that
the contract would go back to the time the road was
turned over by the Government, and be for four
years from that time. I told him i did notsee much
money in that for the road: that they were groins to
give us $150 a mile for single daily serviee, and §>250
for double daily, and I could not see why we should
go into an arrangement of that sort and make nothing*
by it. and be defrauding the Government to pay other
parties. 'Well,'said he, 'you never will getitdone
cxccpt you make this arrangement. And, said he,
You get your back pay now ; that is another induce-
ment; and except you make this arrangement you
will never get your increase of pay.' In connection
with that, he said every other road of the line had
agreed to this except Mr. Callaway's and mine. I
said, 'I will see you to-morrow.' I saw Mr. Calla-
way, who flew all to pieces at rae. Said I, 'Hold on,
and we will find out about this thing, and we will
get all we can out of him.' Mr. Callaway and I met
him m the morning, and he made the same propo-
sition to us both that he had made to me the day
before. We both said we would see about it. Ho
said, then, it was important that this thing should
bo done right now; that there were parties in New
York who were interested in it, and parties in Wash-
ington, and the whole thing could be finished right
now. VY e declined to go into it. He said half the
money went to Washington, and half of it stayed in
New York. This was a gentleman I never saw be-
fore, and may have been working for a set of brokers
or claim agents. I know nothing about that. I
know he falsely misrepresented to me by saying all
tho lines had gone into it except Mr. Callaway's and
mine, because I saw Mr. Barbour, and he indignantly
refused it; and Mr. West also denies having had any-
thing to do with it. Mr. Barbour said the whole
thing ought to be exposed; that the roads should get
their just rights without paying a commission for it.
(JuesUon. Did Mr. Pickrell name any other party?
Answer. Yes, sir, he did.
^Question. Who did he name?
Answer. He said to me that the Postmaster Gen-
eral was there, and thewholething could bearranged
right now ; that he was hard pressed for money, and
now was the time to do it.
Question. That is, the Postmaster General was
hard pressed for money?*
Answer. Yes; and that he was to get I forget how
much of the money. Hosaid half of it was to remain
in New York, and the other half to go to Washing-
nWa£t to do justice to all. I saw Governor
itanaau, who was stopping at the same hotel with
me, and I am well acquainted with hioi, and ho
never intimated such a thing to me at all.
^ Question. About what mouth was that?
Answer. I believe it was last September, or the
first of October.
"Question. What other railroad presidents were
with you at the time?
