1298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
would be on referring it to the Committee on
Expenditures in the Post Office Department.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
64, noes 02.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Farksworth
and Mr. Pile were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 61, noes 62.
So the blank was filled with the name of the
Committee on Expenditures in the Post Office
Department.
The SPEAKER stated the part of the
resolution granting leave to the committee to
report at any time required unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
The resolution, as amended, was then
adopted.
Mr. CHANLER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
^also moved that the motion to reconsider be
* laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. Ela was granted indefinite leave of
absence.
rights of adopted citizens.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the Legislature of Mary-
land, in regard to the rights of adopted citizens
abroad; which were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
JAMBS ft. B0SW1SLL.
On motion of Mr. STONE, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of the papers in the case of James W. Bos-
well, on condition that copies were left.
personal explanation.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
make a brief personal explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. PAINE. I send to the Clerk's desk to
be'read a passage from the Washington corre-
spondence of the New York Iribune, under
date of February 17.
The Clerk read as follows:
" In last Friday's Tribuno was printed in these dis
watches a statement concerning General Taine itna
the part which he took in the impeachment project
before the Reconstruction Committee. It was tur-
nished your correspondent by one whom ho deemed
trustworthy, and who represented that Mr. bTEYESts,
the chairman of the committee, said to. him all tliat
was printed in the Tribune. Yesterday, m th e House,
General Paink, having had the report read by the
Clerk pronounced it incorrect. Notwithstanding
General Paine's denial, my informant still persists
that the conversation tia published is substantially
true as related by Mr. Stevexs."
Mr. PAINE. I now send to the Clerk's desk
a written document signed by all the members
of the Reconstruction Committee, except the
chairman [Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania,]
and myself, and ask that it may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The following communication concerning General
Paine and the action of tho Reconstruction Commit-
tee of the House of Representatives on the proposi-
tion to impeach the President, appeared m lie cor-
respondence of the New lork Tribune, under date
°f" brf^cbtheavote was taken Mr. Pains. voted
for impeachment last year, attempted to dodgetho
?<^?cave the^oom^Mr! o^mwinghisniove-
Mr. PAINE. This, Mr. Speaker, disposes
of the only issue of fact in this case to which 1
am a party. I will simply add that I have had
no conversation on the subject of this corre-
spondence, either with the correspondent him-
self or with the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Stevexs, of Pennsylvania.] I thank tire
House for the courtesy extended to me on tbis
occasion. .
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say a single word. That whole statement
by the correspondent is false from beginning
to end. I had no conversation of the kind with
any human being.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. I desire to know whether
that makes out the correspondent to be some-
thing less than a human being? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and reports of committees
arc in order, commencing with the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
soldiers or 1812.
On motion of Mr. PERHAM, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Stephen
Wolverton, of Detroit, Michigan, requesting
some provision by Congress for the pensioning
of soldiers of 1812; and the same was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
and of the War of 1312.
a. f. hawthorn.
On motion of Mr. PERHAM, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of A. F.
Hawthorn, praying for additional bounty; and
the same was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
david ii0we.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill (H. It. No. 7G9)
granting a pension to David Howe ; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read at length, directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place upon the
pension-rolls, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
David Howe, late special agent in the provost
marshal's office for the fourth Massachusetts
district, commencing April 21, 1865.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third lime ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
llillliisss?;
lllSllliiiS!
^tSc^^re to cv^
the question of Sd voted
ac flirtation from Mr.
leave tho room uoi\
°n "'^S'l^oof'o; dictation from
Stevens or any other member of ^committee.
but.
without one
February 19,1868.
JOHN A. BINGHAM, ?
J, T. l^NdWOKiH.
GEOUGK S. BOblWLLL,
JAMBS BltOOKb,
CT.TIULBIJRU,
J?. G. I>T1AMAN,
JAMES B. BECK.
john ii. finlay.
Mr. NUNN, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill (H. It. No. 770) grant-
ing a pension to John H. Finlay; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read at length, directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-rolls, subject to the provisions and lim-
itations of the pension laws, the name of John
II. Finlay, late a member of company G, sec-
ond Illinois cavalry, commencing October 0,
1864.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. NUNN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. POLSLEY, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported adversely on a peti-
tion for a pension to Mrs. Henrietta Burns,
widow of Dr. Barnard Burns, of Missouri, and
upon the petition of citizens of Warren county,
Ohio, praying that a pension may be granted
to Henry Woodward ; and tho same were laid
on the table.
john d. lay.
Mr. POLSLEY, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. B. No. 771) granting a pen-
sion to Jobn D. Lay; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the interior
to place on the pension-rolls, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of John D. Lay, a citizen of Davis
comity, Missouri, commencing the 1st day ot
January, 1S82. ^
Prom the report it appears that John U..uaj
enlisted in a company of six months' militia m.
the State of Missouri, under the authority of a
proclamation of the Governor of the State, and
on the 13th of December, 1881, while forming
in line for company drill, his gun was acci-
dentally discharged by another soldier, the con-
tents entering his right hand, and injuring it to
such an extent as to render amputation neces-
sary-
Mr. WOODWARD. I would like to move
an amendment to that bill. There is a soldier
of the war of 1812 in my district whose name
I propose to add to the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr.- Wash-
burke, of Illinois, in the chair.) The Chair
holds that that would not be in order.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and beiag engrossed, it was
accordingly rea.d4.he third time, anu passed.
Mr. POLSLEY moved to rcconsider the vote
by which tho bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bobeut m'orory.
Mr. POLSLEY, from the same committee,
reported a, bill (H. R. No. 722) granting a pen-
sion to Robert McCrory; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-rolls, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Robert McCrory, late tliird assist-
ant engineer of the steamer John Raine, com-
mencing on the 19th of May, 1863.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POLSLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william ii. ai'donald.
Mr. POLSLEY, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 773) granting a pen-
sion to William H. McDonald; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-rolls, subject to the
provisions and limitations of tlie pension laws,
the name of William H. McDonald, late of
company F, sixtieth regiment New York vol-
unteers, commencing March 11, 1802.
It appears from the report that McDonald,
who was a private soldier in company F, sixtieth
New York volunteers, while on guard duty on
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad had his right
foot crashed by the cars, and so injured that
amputation became necessary. His application
for a pension was rejected by the Commis-
sioner on the alleged ground that the evidence
in the case developed the fact, that he was
asleep on guard at the time the injury was
received. The committee deem the evidence
insufficient to support this allegation.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POLSLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by wlii-ch the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Tlie latter motion was agreed to.
amos wrrnAM.
Mr. POLSLEY, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (H. R. No. 774) granting a
pension to AmosWitham; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be_ engrossed and road a third time.
Tho bill was read at length. It directs the
I Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
