THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
in each State, specifying that electors of the Presi-
dent of the United States shall be appointed or chosen
in the several States within thirty-four days preced-
ing the first Wednesday in December then next ensu-
ing: Provided, Theresliall bethespaceof two months
between thedateof such notification and the said first
Wednesday in December; butif there shallnot be the
space of two months between the date of such notifi-
cation and the first Wednesday in December, and if
the term for which the President and Vice President
last in office were elected shall not expire on the 3d
day of March next ensuing, then the Secretary of
State shall specify in thenotification that theelcctors
shall bo appointed or chosen within thirty-four days
preceding the first Wednesday in December in the
year next ensuing, within which time tho electors
shall accordingly be appointed or chosen, and the
electors shall meet and give their votes on the said
first Wednesday in December, and tho proceedings
and duties of the said electors and others shall bo
pursuant to the directions prescribed in this act."
This law settles certainly the question, if
any doubt existed before, that the terra does
not expire on the death or resignation of the
President, but continues as his term the four
years.
But I will not argne this question at more
length. If the judgment of men, deliberately
expressed, can ever be relied upon, I think it
safe to assume that this Senate will not reverse
its judgment so recently expressed upon the
constitutionality and meaning of the tenure
act. The only question, then, which remains
is simply this: has the accused violated that
act? No one knows better than this accused
the history of, and the purpose to be secured
by, that act. It was ably and exhaustively
discussed on both sides, in all aspccts. In the
debates of Congress it was subsequently re-
viewed and closely analyzed in a veto message
of the respondent. No portion of that act
escaped liis remark, and no practical applica-
tion which has been made of it since did he
fail to anticipate. He knew before he attempted
its violation that more than three fourths of
the Representatives of the people in Congress
assembled had set their seal of disapprobation
upon the reasons given in the veto message
and had enacted the law by more than the con-
stitutional number of votes required. Nay,
more; he was repeatedly warned, by investi-
gations made looking toward just such a pro-
ceeding as is now being witnessed in this court,
that the people had instructed their Represent-
atives to tolerate no violation of the laws con-
stitutionally enacted. What, then, is the vio-
lation here charged upon this respondent, and
what are the proofs to sustain it? Upon the
21st day of February, 18G8, the respondent sent
the following official order to Ed win M. Stanton,
Secretary of War:
Executive Mansion*.
Washington, D. C., February 21,18G8.
Sir: By virtue of tho power and authority vested
in mo as President by tho Constitution and laws of
the United States, you arc hereby rennvod from
office as Secretary for the Department ot War, and
your functions as such will terminate upon the re-
ceipt of this communication.
You will transfer to Brevet Major General Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant General of tho Army, who has
this day been authorized and empowered to act as
Secretary of War ad interim, all records, books,
papers, and other property now in your custody and
Respectfully, yours, AN'DTU]W JOHNSON.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Waehint/luti, D. G.
Upon the same day lie sent to Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant General of the Army, the
following order:
Executive M insion.^
Washington, lb C., February 21,1868.
Sir: Hon. Edwin JI. Stanton having been this day
removed from the office as Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War, you are hereby authoiized .and empow-
ered to act as Secretary of War ad -interim, and will
immediately enter upon the discharge of the duties
pertaining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and eharae. T„TT.Ti3n.T
llespeetfully,yours, AI) 1.11 ,V  JOHNSON.
Brevet Maior General Lokenzo Thomas, Adjutant
General United Slates Army, Washington, JJ. L.
"Every person holding any civil office, to which
he has appointed by and with the advice and conscnt
of the Senate," is and sha
be entitled to hold such ofEce until a successor shall
bave been in like manner appointed and duly quali-
Sed."
This plain and not to be misunderstood pro-
vision of the law is violated. The order for re-
moval was made absolute and without condi-
tion. The President ignored all "adviceand
consent of the Senate," and planted himself
upon his own opinion as to his inherent power
to act outside ot the law and in violation of it;
and his answer so confesses. The proofs of
his guilt are therefore placed beyond dispute.
What, sirs, says tho law with regard to the
crime involved in such conduct? The sixth
section of the same act declares that "every
removal" "made" "contrary to the provis-
ions of this act" " is hereby declared to be a
high misdemeanor."
Upon these facts, and in the face of this
law, can there bo a doubt that the charge is
fully sustained? Need we pursue the ques-
tion of intent, when by the terms of the lavv
the mere act of removal, in violation of it, is
declared a "high misdemeanor?" _ But, sirs,
we do not shrink from an examination into the
motives which actuated this accused. The
history of his public acts since the passage of
this law is crowded with evidences of his guilty
intent. To-day, with the fear of that law be-
fore his eyes, he conforms strictly to its re-
quirements ; to-morrow he openly defies it and
declares his purpose not to be governed by it;
and, with the strangest inconsistency and inde-
cision of character, he wavers between the
plainest duty pointed out by law and the rash-
est contempt of all law. We have shown by
the testimony that under his instructions the
chiefs of the Departments changed the forms
of official bonds of commissions and letters of
appointment to adapt them to tho requirements
of this law. We have seen that within five
months aft°r its passage he suspended the Sec-
retary of War and notified the several Execu-
tive Departments that he had done so under
the provisions of this act. We have seen that
hundreds of commissions, to fill various offices,
were issued under his sign manual, distinctly
recognizing tho provisions of this act. Yet, in
defiance of tho law, and in disregard of his
own repeated recognition of it, he asks this
Senate to hold him guiltless. Do the annals
of criminal trials anywhere present so mon-
strous an absurdity ?
Bat the circumstances connected^ with this
removal are themselves proof positive of a
criminal purpose. Upon the 12th of August,
1807, tho President suspended the Secretary
of War and appointed General Grant the ad
interim Secretary. This suspension purported
to be in conformity to the law, and was acqui-
esced in. Under the provisions of the second
section of tho "tenure act," this removal was
reported to tho Senate within twenty days after
its next meeting. The reasons assigned by
tho President were duly considered by the Sen-
ate, and the following resolution communicated
to the President as their decision :
Tn Executive Session,
Senate oi' the United St vtks,
January 33, LSb8.
Resolved, That, havinpr considered the evidence
and reasons given by the President m his report ot
the 12th of December, ]807. for the suspension iiom
the otlice of Secretary of War of Edwin M. Stanton,
the Senate do not concur in such suspension.
Attested.
The law says in such case, " but if the Sen-
ate shall refuse to concur in such suspension,
such officer so suspended shall resume tho
functions of his office, and the powers of the
person so performing its duties shall cease.
The Secretary ad interim vacated the office
accordingly, and the suspended Secretary re-
sumed his duties. I will not stop now to speak
of the unmanly and disgraceful attempt made
by the President and his Cabinet cabal to trick
the General-in-Chief into a violation of the law
and to force upon Mr. Stanton the alternative
of submitting to an indirect removal from office
under cover of his suspension, or resorting^ to
legal proceedings through the courts which
could not possibly have ended during the pres-
ent Administration. The history of all crim-
inals illustrates a constant struggle between
crime and cowardice—the desire to commit the
crime and the fear of the consequences that may
follow. The criminal intent to disregard the
law was never more manifest in the mind of
the accused than at this time; but his dread of
punishment deterred him from the overt act.
The answer of the respondent and the proofs
spread upon the record show that from tlie
13th of January to the 21st of February hewas
scheming and devising means to thwart the
vote of this Senate and to dispossess the Sec-
retary of War in disregard of the law, and yet
to evade, if possible, the punishment conse-
quent upon its violation. The law told liim if
he should remove the Secretary he must do so
" by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate." He knew by the previous vote of
that body that no such " advice and consent"
would be given. He, therefore, not only ad-
monished by the Senate, but directed by the
law, usurpedapower nowhere given, and issued
his mandate accordingly. With what effrontery
then comes m the plea that his only motive
was to innocently assert his prerogatives? Was
the War Department to be made a mere play-
thing in the hands of the Executive? Was
the machinery of that vast Department to halt
and its chief officer to subject himself to a trial
for neglect of duty, while Mr. Johnson would
amuse himself with preparing a case for the
courts ? Did he not know that the law enjoined
duties upon the Secretary which he could notlay
aside? Could he have for a moment supposed
that that officer would tamely submit to an order
for removal in which he had every reason to
believe the Senate would notconeur? No, sir;
he comprehended fully the length and breadth
of the offense he was then committing. He
saw then, as plainly as he sees now, what would
be the legal consequences of his act, and only
hoped to shield himself behind that forbearance
which he had mistaken for cowardice on the
part of the representatives of the people.
But, Mr. President and Senators, this inquiry
is relieved of all doubts; the question is res
adjudicata, and I have simply to read the_de-
cision rendered upon the same day this high-
handed attempt at usurpation was made:
In Executive Session,
Senate ok tit« United St ites,
February 21, 1868.
Whereas the Senate have received and considered
the communication of the President stating that, he
had removed Kdwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War,
and had designated the Adjutant, General ot tho
Army to act as Secretary of War ad interim : Iherc-
ltesolvedby the Senate of the United States, That, un-
der the Constitution and laws of tho United States,
tho President has no power to remore the Secretary
ofWar and to designate any other officer to perioral
the duties of that office ad interim.
remarks uroN article second.
Let us pass to notice brieily article second.
The respondent is here charged with violating
the tenurc-of-office act in the appointment of
Lorenzo Thomas as Secretary of War on the
21st of February, 18G8, there being no vacane.y
in said office, the letter of appointment is
as follows:
Executive Mansion.
washington, 1). 0., february 21,1861.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been thisday
removed from the office as Secretary for tho Depart-
ment of War, you are hereby authorized and empow-
ered to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and will
immediately enter upon the discharge of the duties
pertaining to that office. , , .
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer toyou
all therccords, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and charge
llespeetfully yours, ANDKEW JOHNSON.
Brevet Maior General Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant
General United States Ar my, Washington, 1). 0.
This appointment was made simultaneously
with tho removal of Mr. Stanton ; it was made
with the full knowledge that no vacancy ex-
isted, and that the Senate had so decided; it
was made in defiance of all those repeated
warnings to which I have alluded that tho
Congress of the United States would regard
the aetas an open violation oflaw; it was made
with every reasonable apprehension on his part
that it would lead almost inevitably to his im-
peachment. Indeed, in this act, as well as
others now laid down to his charge, he seems
not only to have defied, but to have courted
impeachment.
The law told him here, as plainly as it told
him in the matter of removal, that his act was
