1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 217) for the
relief of Beals & Dixon.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
daring the morning hour is the call of commit-
tees for reports, commencing with the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
The reports were presented from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. The next committee in
regular order would be the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency ; but that committee on the
28th of January last exchanged places by unan-
imous consent with the Committee on Naval
Affairs, who are, therefore, entitled to the two
morning hours of the Committee on Banking
and Currency.
STEAM FRIGATE JAVA.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back adversely a joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 178) to finish the steam frigate
Java; which was laid on the table.
PILOTS.
Mr. PIKE also, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back adversely a peti-
tion of pilots of the Mississippi squadron, and
a petition of E. H. Baldwin and others, pilots
in the United States Navy, praying for relief;
which were laid on the table.
ASA WEEKS.
Mr. PIKE also, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back adversely a me-
morial of Asa Weeks, of Minnesota, praying
for the purchase by the Government of an in-
vention for exploding torpedoes under water ;
which was laid on the table.
NAVAL OFFICERS VISITING*THE CAPITAL.
Mr. PIKE also, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back adversely joint
resolution (H. II. No. 3) in regard to naval
officers visiting the capital; which was laid
on the table.
SUSPENDING WORK ON WAR VESSELS.
Mr. PIKE also, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back adversely a reso-
lution explanatory of the resolution adopted
November 25, 1807, in reference to suspend-
ing work on war vessels; which was laid on
the table.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr. PIKE also, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back adversely a peti-
tion of the assistant professors of the Naval
Academy for increase of pay; which was laid
on the table.
PROMOTION OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. PIKE also, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back adversely a bill
(H. It. No. 190) concerning the promotion of
officers who have been restored to the active
list in the United States Navy ; which was laid
on the table.
LIFE-BOAT STATIONS ON NEW JERSEY COAST.
Mr. PIltE also, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back a petition of citi-
zens of New Jersey, for a change of the district
and superintendents of life-boat stations on the
coast of New Jersey, and moved its reference
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
DISMAL SWAMP CANAL COMPANY.
Mr. PIKE, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on House joint resolution
No. 170, in reference to stock held by the
United States in the Dismal Swamp Canal
Company ; and the same was laid on the table.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. PIKE, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the following cases; and
the same were laid on the table:
Petition of William H. Bolton, United States
Navy, for payment for clothing lost at sea;
Petition of Ira Neville, mate of steamboat
4QTB Cong. 2  SESS.—No. 146.
Lancaster No. 3, praying portion of prize
money awarded to vessels for destruction of
four rebel craft at Memphis in June, 1867;
Petition of assistant professors of Naval
Academy, for increased pay;
Petition of William B. Whiting, praying that
the grade of admiral on the retired list be cre-
ated and conferred upon Rear Admiral Charles
S. Stewart;
Petition of Eliza Hudson and others, rela-
tive to pensions for widows of naval officers;
and
Petition of workingmen in the navy-yard,
relative to repeal of House resolution recom-
mending suspension of work in tho navy-yards.
WASHINGTON NAVY-YARD.
Mr. BANKS. What is it that the commit-
tee reports in regard to the Washington navy-
yard?
Mr. PIKE. We report adversely on the
petition asking for the repeal of the resolution
passed by the House in regard to the construc-
tion of naval vessels.
Mr. BANKS. Does the committee propose
any action in regard to that resolution?
Mr. PIKE. It does not.
Mr. BANKS. Am I to understand that the
object of the petitioners is substantially com- i
plied with? j
Mr. PIKE. We report adversely on the |
petition. I will state to the House how the
matter stands. A resolution passed this House
early in December that in the judgment of this
House further work should not be done in
equipping or constructing ships of war. The
petition from the Washington navy-yard asks
that resolution shall be rescinded so far as
regards that yard. The committee report
adversely on that petition.
Mr. BANKS. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that the committee intend to report
in favor of the resolution hereafter?
Mr. PIKE. I have not said so. We want
the resolution to stand as it is.
TREVETT ABBOTT, UNITED STATES NAVY.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back Senate bill No. 858, pro-
viding for the restoration of Lieutenant Com-
mander Trevett Abbott, United States Navy,
to the active list of the Navy, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Navy to
order Trevett Abbott, lieutenant commander
in United States Navy on the retired list, before
the retiring board of the Navy for examina-
tion, and if on examination he be pronounced
morally, professionally, and personally compe-
tent for active service, then the Secretary of the
Navy is authorized to restore him to the active
list with the same grade as if he had not been
retired.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on ,the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POWDER MAGAZINES.
Mr. PIKE, from the same committee, also
reported back Senate joint resolution No. 118,
for the appointment of a commission to select
suitable locations for powder magazines, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
It directs the Secretary of the Navy to select j
three competent officers of the Navy to consti-
tute a commission, whose duty it shall be to j
examine and report on the practicability of j
securing more suitable sites for powder maga- ]
zines than those now used in the vicinity of i
New York, Boston, and Portsmouth, New j
Hampshire; and also to report the cost of |
procuring said sites and of erecting powder
magazines thereon.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE W. DOTY, UNITED STATES NAVY.
Mr. PIKE, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate joint resolution No. 126, for
the relief of George W. Doty, a commander
in the United States Navy on the retired list,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The joint resolution directs that the name
of George W. Doty, commander in the United
States Navy, be placed in the Navy Register aa
commander from 16th July, 1882, the date of
his commission.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN S. CUNNINGHAM.
Mr. PIKE, from the same committee,
ported back, with the recommendation that
do pass, the bill (S. No. 410) for the relief
of John S. Cunningham, paymaster United
States Navy.
The bill directs the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Government, in the settlement of
the accounts of John S. Cunningham, paymas-
ter United States Navy, to allow a credit to
him of $1,071 07, the amount of public money
stolen from the money chest of the United
States frigate Colorado while said chest was
under his charge.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there a report ?
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to hear the
report in this case.
Mr. PIKE. A report accompanies the bill,
and I ask that it be read. It is a matter of
$1,000, and the report explains it.
The report wasread. It sets forth that Joliu
S. Cunningham is a paymaster in the Navy,
and during the years 1805 and 1866 was fleet
paymaster on board the United States frigate
Colorado, flagship of the United States Euro-
pean squadron. Between the months of Au-
gust, 1865, and February, 1866, the safe in
which he kept the public money on board that
ship was repeatedly opened by Riley and Watts,
two seamen belonging to the ship, and money
was abstracted therefrom, said by Paymaster
Cunningham to amount to $1,071 07, for which
robbery, after tiial and conviction, the pris-
oners themselves confessing the acts, the said
Riley and Watts were sentenced to five years'
imprisonment and a forfeiture of all pay and
allowances due or to become due to them. It
does not appear that the petitioner was in any
way careless or remiss, and the committee
recommend the passage of the bill for his
relief.
Mr. UPSON. I would like to inquire whether
there is any other evidence as to theamountof
the loss except the statement of the claimant?
Mr. PIKE. There is none.
Mr. UPSON. Is it not rather a loose rule
to take his word for the amount?
Mr. PIKE. I will state in relation to tins
matter that this loss occurred on board tho
steamship Colorado. The money was taken
from the chest from time time by means of
false keys by two seamen, and the theft was
discovered by one of the confederates confess-
ing it to the surgeon. Tt seems that Paymas-
ter Cunningham discovered from time to time
that money had been taken. He is, by the
testimony of all his associates, a very careful
man, careful in the management of the money
and of the safe, which was, of itself, of a very-
poor quality. This thing ran along for some
months, and finally, by a confession made to
the surgeon, it was discovered who the parties
who stole the money were. They were then
arraigned and tried by court-martial; the men
were convicted, and the judgment of the court
having been approved by Admiral Groldsbor-
ough, they are now serving out their sentence.
Under these circumstancen thi* suroof money
lat it W
