4370
THE OONGIilSSKWASL GLGOBS.
July'
place ou the pension-roll, subjeet to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Alary E. Barry and Louisa Berry,
minor children of Joseph Berry, late a private
ill company B, fourth regiment of Ioiva volun-
teers, commencing October 27, 1862, and to
continue until November 20, 1867.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
POLLY W. COTTON.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1411.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H,
R. No. 1411) granting a pension to Polly W.
Cotton was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. Subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws the name of Polly
W. Cotton, widow of Wayne W. Cotton, late
of company G, of the seventh regiment of Ten-
nessee infantry, is to be placed on the pension-
roll, and receive a pension as the widow of a
capiain, in lieu of the pension she is and has
been receiving, commencing April 18, 1863.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM It. SILVEY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1412.
The motion was agreed to : and the bill (H.
II. No. 1412) granting a pension to the chil-
dren of William li. Silvey was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. The Secretary
of the Interior is to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the names of William A. Silvey
and Mary Elizabeth Ann Silvey, children un-
der sixteen years of William R. Silvey, late a
private in company B, second regiment of Ten-
nessee infantry, commencing November 13,
1863.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JANis ROOK.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1413.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1413) granting a pension to Jane Rook
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Interior is to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and lim-
itations of the pension laws, the name of Jane
Rook, mother of James C. llook, late a pri-
vate in company A, of the third regiment of
Maine volunteer infantry, commencing July
16, 1802.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SARAH K. JOHNSON.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1414.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (II.
R. No. 1414) granting a pension to Sarah K.
Johnson was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions aud limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Sarah
Ii. Johnson, late of Salisbury, North Carolina,
at the rate of thirty dollars per month, com-
mencing March 4, 1868, and to continue dur-
ing her natural life.
I'he bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CHARLES n. cox.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1420.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1420) directing the Commissioner of
Pensions to proceed to hear evidence and
determine the right of W. II. Cox, deceased,
late a sergeant in company F, second regiment
Pennsylvania artillery, to a pension in the same
manner as if he was still living, he having died
of disease contracted while a prisoner of war
at Andersonville, Georgia, and if found to be
entitled to a pension then the same, from time
of his discharge till death, to be paid over to
his father, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. The preamble recites that W. H.
Cox, a hale, hearty, young man of about twenty
years of age, residing with his father, Charles D.
Cox, of Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, and being a
part of his family, on the 16th day of February,
1864, was enrolled as a sergeant in company
F, second regiment Pennsylvania artillery, to
serve three years or during the war; that he
was regularly mustered in as such, and at the
battle of Cold Harbor, Virginia, on or about
the 2d of June, 1864, was taken prisoner by
the rebels and sent to Andersonville, Georgia,
and there confined as a prisoner of war for the
period of ten months, and from exposure and
lack of food became very much debilitated,
and after being released lie was on the 8th of
August, 1865, at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
by virtue of a telegram dated Adjutant Gen-
eral's office, May 12, 1865, honorably dis-
charged from the United States service ; that
after reaching his father's residence he made
application for a pension under existing laws,
in consequence of disease contracted in line of
duty, and before the case was finally disposed
of, on July y, 1866, he died of disease con-
tracted, and the Commissioner then declined
to proceed further in the case, being of opin-
ion that the death of the young man suspended
further proceedings ; and that Charles D. Cox,
father of the deceased soldier, is desirous of
obtaining the pension justly due his son from
the date of his discharge till death, to be appled
to the purchase of a suitable monument to be
placed at his grave. The bill therefore pro-
ceeds to direct the Commissioner of Pensions
to proceed and receive proof of the right of
W. II. Cox to a pension in the same manner as
if he were still living, and if the evidence sat-
isfies him that he was so entitled, then the
pension from time of' his discharge till his
death is to be paid over to his father, Charles
D. Cox.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
NANCY SMITH.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 633.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 633) granting a pension to Nancy Smith
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. Itprovidesi'orplac-
ing on the pension-roll, subject to the provis-
ions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Nancy Smith, widow of Benjamin H.
Smith, late a private in company E, twenty-
third regiment Massachusetts volunteers, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commencc
on the 1st day of March, 1865, and to continue
during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
VIOLET HENItY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 034.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 634) granting a pension to Violet Henry
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides for plac-
ing on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Violet Henry, the widow of Sherrod Henry,
late a private in company D, sixteenth regiment
United States colored troops, and for paying
her a pension at the rate of eight dollars per
month, commencing July 17, 1865, and also the
sum of two dollars per month for Easter Henry,
child under sixteen years of age of Sherrod and
Violet, from the 25th day of July, 1866', until
she attains the age of sixteen.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARTHA B, KING.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 256.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 250) for the relief of
Martha E. King was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It is a direction to the
Paymaster General to pay to Martha E. King,
widow of Clinton King, late of the county of
Carroll and State of Tennessee, deceased, a
sum equal to the pay of a first lieutenant of
cavalry from the 15th of September, 1863, to
the 10th of March, 1864; and to the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Martha B.
King ou the pension-roll, at the rate provided
by law for the widow of a first lieutenant of
cavalry who died in the military service of the
United States of disease contracted while in
such service and in the line of duty since the
4th day of March, 1861.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SOLDIERS AMI) SAILORS OF 1812.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to take up
House bill No. 003.
The, motion was agreed to; and the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 603) granting
pensions to certain soldiers and sailors of the
war of 1812 was resumed as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The Senate has taken
up this bill. This is the last of the pension
bills.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is a general bill.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. It will not take five
minutes. Ithas been read and partly acted on.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is not the kind of
bill we came here for this evening.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist on my motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time spent therein the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OB1 REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 23, 1868.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by llev. Mr. Ep.exch.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] desires to have some teu or fitteen
minutes for the purpose of making a personal
explanation. 1 therefore move that the read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with in order
to allow him that time.
The motion was agreed to.
Bit. BENJAMIN MALONE.
Mr. RAUM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a report from the Committee on Military
Affairs upon the application of Dr. Benjamin
Mulone, late paymaster of volunteers, for re-
lict ot himselt and his sureties; which was or-
dered to be printed, and recommitted.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. GAR! IELD. I ask unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation for fifteen min-
utes.
No objection was made, and leave was
granted.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will first ask the Clerk
to read some remarks made by the gentleman
fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevensj on Friday,
the_ 17th instant, so that the statements to
which I-desire to reply may be recalled to the
recollection of members. He was speaking
ot the payment of the five-twenty bonds.
