264
SUPPLEMENT TO
denounced as a high misdemeanor in office. It
told him more. It said to the person who
■would accept such appointment and attempt
to discharge duties under it, would, thereby
himself commit a high misdemeanor in office.
This respondent was, thetefbre, guilty of the
double crime of himself violating the law and
inducing others to join him in the criminal act.
Section six of the tenure act says :
" Every removal, appointment, or employment
made, hud, or received, contrary to the provisions
ot this net, and the milking, signing, sealing, coun-
tersign mg,, or issuing of any commission or letter of
authoritv for or in roppcct to any such appointment
or employment, shall be deemed and are hereby de-
clared to oo high misdemeanors."
What defense is made for the palpable viola-
tion of the law now shown ? The respondent
goes back to tbe act of February 13, 1795, and
rests his case upon that law, which provides
as follows, (1 Statutes-at-Large, p. 415:)
Br it enacted hythe Senateand IJouseof Jlepresrnta-
tivrn o the I nit"'/ titrtrcs of Ainenct in Conffrrw //.item-
bLeti. i ti:: t m ease of vacancy in the office of Secre-
tary ot state, Secretary of tbe Treasury, or of the
baoi.et.irj. of the i)e|).n; m cut of W ar, or of any officer
ot cither of the snid Dcpaitmcnts svbo^e appoint-
ment is not in th e head f liei eot. wherebv they cannot
perform llioduties of their said respective ofliees, it
shall be lawful for the Pi esident of the United States,
ill eiise ho shall think it necetsary. to nutlioiize any
person or persons, at Ins discretion, to peiform the
duties of the said l-cspectivo ofiices until a successor
be appointed or such i .icin-y bo filled: I'mvided,
that 110 one vancancy shall be supplied, in manner
aforesaid, for a longer term than six months."
But by the very terms of the act of 1795 this
respondent can there find no defense ; that, law
says, cane of vacancy in the office of Sec-
retary oj the Deptirfnieiit of llur whereby
he cannot perform the duties of said oflice, it
shall be lawful for the President to authorize
any person to perform its duties." We see,
then, there must be a luicnnry in the olitee, or
a disability on the part of the .Secretary to net
before the President can make such an appoint
ment. There was neither a vacancy nor a dis-
ability existing at the time Lorenzo Thomas
was appointed. This respondent, then, has
not only violated the tenure act, but he has
violated the very law under which he claims
immunity. Nothing can be plainer, and noth-
ing exhibits more strongly the utter hollowness
of his defense.
urriouc tiiiuo.
The next and third artlele charges the Pres-
ident with a violation ot the ('oust itmion of
the United States in the appointment of l.o-
icnzo I honias as cretary oi War while the
Senate was in session, no vacancy having oc-
curred during tbe recess ol the Semite, and no
vacancy exiting at, the time. The facts alleged
are not ^controverted ; the question presented
to the Senate under this article involves the
proper construction of our fundamental law.
1 have previously addressed myself to the .Sen-
ate upon this subject, and will not again enter
upon it.
The line of inquiry is very simple. If this
accused lias violated a law constitutionally en-
acted, then has he violated the Constitution
itself. He has sworn to support the Constitu-
tion, and by that oath he is enjoined to ''take
care that the laws are faithfully executed.''
lie cannot support tbe Constitution and defy
the laws enacted pursuant, to it any more than
he can ixeeute the laws faithfully and violate
the Constitution. The duties are "blended, and
ho cannot violate one without violating the
other. If he be guilty under either the first
or second article, he is guilty of the offense !
charged in the third. • j
articles fourth, Ht'th, sixth, a.nd SllVf.ntii. '
The four succeeding charges allege con-
spiracy between the respondent aud Lorenzo
J litmus and others unknown: j
f\rst. By force, intimidation, and threats :
unlawfully to hinder Edwin M. Stanton, then
Secretary of \\ ar, from holding said office,
contrary to the provisions of an act to prevent,
and p,.ni.sh certain conspiracies, approved
July yi. 1801. "
hero;id. To prevent and hinder the execu-
tion of an act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices, passed March 2, 18G7, by attempt-
ing unlawfully to prevent Edwin M. Stanton,
then Secretary of War, from holding said
office.
Third. By force to seize, take, and possess
the property of the United States in the De-
partment of War, then and there in the cus-
tody of Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of the
L)epartmentof War, contrarvtoan act to define
and punish certain conspiracies, approved
July 31, 1801.
Fourth. To seize, take, and possess the
property of the United States in the Depart-
ment of War, and in custody of said Stanton,
with intent to disregard and violate an act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,
passed March 2, 1807.
That part of the conspiracy act which defines
the offenses here charged is as follows:
"That, if two or moie persons, within any State or
lerntory of the United States, shall conspire to-
gether" _* * f * "to oppose bv force
the authority of the Government of the United St ales,
or by force to prevent, hinder, or delay the execution
ot any law of the United Suites, or bv force to seize,
take, or possets any property of the'United States,
alienist the will or eontraiy to the authority of tile
United States, or by foiee or intimidation or threat
to prevent any person from accepting or holding any
office or^ trust or place of confidence under tho
United States, cach and every person so offending
shail be guilty of a high crime.''
Ihe acls wli.ch he 1ms himself admitted to
have done and those proved against him by
the undisputed testimony of witnesses bring
his conduct within the letter of the law. No
other re.suIt, could have followed his conduct—
it tended directly to "binder and delay the
execution of" the tenure act. He had no
other purpose than to "seize, take, and possess
the properly of the United States in the War
1 Irpartiiieiit," against tbe will and contrary to
the authority of the United St,ai.es, then in the
la wful custody of the Set ietaiy of War, and as
placed there by the highest, authority in the
land. Ami it is equally evident that, his design
was fo prevent Kil>:in M. Stanton from hold-
ing the office to which he had been legally
appointed, and from which he had not been
anil could not, be legally removed. We are
not, then, to inquire ar, this time whether he is
guilly of a high misdemeanor in doing these
things, which have been made the gravamen
ol the first, three articles: but we are fo see
whether lie lias unlawfully conspired, bv force
or intimidation or threat, to attempt the ac-
complishment of these objects.
What are the evidences of a conspiracy"?
It niay be well first to inquire, what is a, con-
spiracy? Under articles fourth and sixth we
are confined in our definition to a conspiracy
or agreement by force to do the things alleged.
Under the fifth and seventh articles of "im-
peachment the broader rule of the common
law is applicable. Leaving the discussion of
those articles for their proper place, let us
inquire whether there is a conspiracy proved
ill violation of the aet of 1801. To determine
this there must, be grouped about the accused
all the circumstances tending to explain his
conduct.
1' roin the very nature of fhe crime its perpe-
trators would carefully abstain from leaving<mv
trace of their original purpose. We are, then,
to scan the circumstances surrounding the trans-
action ; we are to inquire into the character of
the act to be performed, the means and the
instrument employed, the declarations of the
conspirators before and since, the mind and j
temper of the accused, as well as his coconspir-
ators, and everything that can throw light upon
their motives and intentions. What, are these
circumstances, acts, and declarations?
Irere we lind t;ie unmistakable declaration
of one of the conspirators that he intended to
use force ; that should I he doors of the Depart-
ment be barred against him he would break them
down. \v'hell he made this declaration he had
been once refused possession, and if any one
thing appear more dearly than another in the
testimony it is that he fully anticipated a forc-
ible contest in order to succeed. He was
clothed with ample authority by the President
to do this. It will not do to say that General
1 homas's order was in the usual form, and
therefore the-President °only expected of him
the usual compliance with the order, for Thomas
knew that, not only in the opinion of hisGeneral-
in Chief and the rightful Secretary of War, but
in the solemnly declared judgment of Congress,
that order was but blank paper; when, there-
fore, we find him declaring a purpose to resort
to force, he only stated what was necessary to
make the order of the slightest use. No one
knew better than Thomas the consequences of
even accepting such an order, and the mere
agreement between the President and himself,
the one to issue the order and the other to ac-
cept it and to enter upon its execution, both
knowing it to be unlawful, is of itself enough
to hold both responsible forthe mannerin which
either attempted to execute it. But his con-
versation with .Mr. Burleigh was wot merely the
idle talk of a garrulous old man, drawn out of
him by an inquisitive interlocutor, for we find
that on the same day, and previous to his con-
versation with Bubleicii, he bad a conversation
with Samuel Wiikeson. in which, after some
hesitation, he told that witness substantially
the same thing on two different occasions.
21^ 2U°te from his testimony, pages
"The Witness. I asked him to tell me what had
occuired that morning b.-tween him and the Seere-
taryol War m his endeavor to take possession ot the
War Department, lie hesitated to do so till t told
bun that the town was filled with lum.iisof lie
change that had been made, of the removal of Mr.
btanfon iiud the appointment of himself. lie then
sum th.it smeo fhe Jifiair had become public he lelt
relieved to speak to mo with freedom about it. llo
drew Irom his pocket, a copy, or rasher the original,
of tins order ol the President of the United States,
directing lum to take pos.-e.>sion of the Wai Depart-
ment immediately. IIo told me that he had token
as a witnessof his action Gener. 1 Williy,ms, and had
gono up in to ih (3 W<ir Depart incur, and had t-hotvn
to L(hvm M Stanton tbeordurot the President, and
him demanded, by virtue of that, order, the po-^CvS-
rfion ot the War Depaitinent, and its books and pa-
pers, ile told mo ih.if l'ldwiri M. Stanton, nftci read-
ing the orde . had asked him if he would allow to
mm sufiieient time tor him to gather together his
-—« u.uc x<>t HUH iu punier logeeier nis
books, paper*, and other persona i propei ty ami take
.em away with him ; that het-dd him that he would
In
ii • 'y . "viNiutuiinu.il, no wmuu
allow to him all nectary time to do m), and had
then withdrawn Ironi Mi. Stanton's room, lie fur-
ther told mt', tlmtday being Pnday, that the next
day would be what he called a du:x non, b«:ins tho
liolid y of the anniversmy of Washington's binlt-
d.iy.wheji he had directed tfiat the War l)e|>;irtraeiifc
s.inuld bo closed; that Hie day there,itt. r would be
Sunday, and that on Mon lav morning he should
(icaiand po-sps>ionot tho War Depart ment and ot its
properfj, and it thai demand was ionised orre^isted
he should a ppl v to the nera 1 -m-Chiof of tho Army
lor a force suificient to cuable him to take possesion
of the W ar Department; and he added that he did
not fee how the Gt nei.il of the Army could refuse to
ooey his demn nd for that, force. il<> then added i hat
under theoider that the Proidcnt had given to him
he had no c;ection to puisne any other course than
the one thft t ho indicated; that h e was a. subordi nat e
omen* directed by an order from a superior olheer,
ana that ho must pursue that course."
Here we find not only the purpose to use
force distinctly declared, but that, under the
order the President hod given him, he hud
no election to pursue any other course.'1 I
ask how he could have spoken truthfully and
have made any other declaration, when it is
patent that, noothercour.se could have been
successful ? It does not seem to me that this
, view of the case could be made to appear more
| clear by illustration j and yet let me put a par-
allel case.
Suppose Andrew Johnson had determined
to possess himself of the Capitol wnh a view
of ousting Congress, and had directed the
Speaker ot the House ot .Representatives and
fhe Pi esident of the Senate to turn over ail the
records, and had directed Thomas to take im-
mediate possession. Such an order would be
no less unlaw!ul, in one view of the tenure act,
j than the one lie £rave. Could anybody doubt
; that such an order would mean revolution, and
tnat a clash of arms must follow if it weie
executed ; and, if such thing followed, that
Mr. Johnson would be directly chargeable with
the consequences? Would not force appear
all over the order, though the word were not
written ? I f the officer charged with executing
such order declared, after receiving it, that he
j intended to use force, would any sane man set
j up that the President must not be held account-
1 able for the declarations of such officer when
