1298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
cause there is not a single word in the bill pro-
vidingthat the sailor shall have been honor-
ably discharged. I therefore trust the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will not abandon
his purpose to amend the bill so as to make it
certain.
ti, h°pe it will be referred to
he Committee on Naval Affairs. The gentle-
t eman from Pennsylvania himself introduced
! rj t> ^ reiejTed to the Committee on
invalid i ensions, which, under the rules, has
uo cognizance of it. I make the motion it be
leiorredUo the Committee on Naval Affairs.
ilie House divided; and there were—ayes
ol, noes 42.
Mr. ItANDALL. I demand the yeas and
nays. Jt gentlemen want to kill the bill let
them do it over their own signatures. It is
before the House and can be passed now as well
as at a future time.
The yeas and naya were ordered.
Mr. MILLER. I am willing to agree to the
proposed amendment.
Mr. PIKE. The bill is imperfect as it is,
and does not carry out the object designed.
# Ihe question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 48, nays 795 not voting
02; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Araell, James M.Ashley, Beaman,
Broomall, Churchill, Cobb, Oullom, Dawes, Dod«e!
Jams worth, lemss Ferry. Fields. Hawkins, Higby,
Hopkins, Richard D. Hubbard, llulburd, Jcnckes,
Keller Kitchen, (ieorgeV.Lawi once, Logan, Lough-
ndge, Lvnch, Mcreur, Moore, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Peters, like, Schcnck, Seolield, Selye, Soiith, Stark-
weather, Aai on 3(. Steven?, Stewart, Stokes, John
lrurrbie,J wichell, Upson, JbJIihu B. Washbuine, Wil-
liam 1J. Washburn. \Velker, Thomas Williams, and
James F. Wilson—48.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer, Baker,
isarnes, Barnum, Boatty, Bingham, Boutwcll, Boycr,
Brooks, Buekland, Burr, Cary, Chanler. Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cornoll. Oovode, Eg-
jrlcston, Bldndge, iiiiut, Getz, Glossbrenncr,
Golladny, Gravely, Grover, Haight, Harding-, Hol-
man, Uotenkisa, Humphrey, lluuter, Ingersoil,
Jones, •)u l'l, Julian, Kclsoy, Kerr. Ketchani, Knott,
IriiUin, William Lawrence, Loan, Mallory, Marshall,
M.eLormiek, Miller, Muorhead. Jlullms, Neweomb,
V.black. Nionolson, Perham, Pile, Poland, l'olsley,
rnee, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Sawyer, Stone,
labor, laile, Taylor, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Van Aernam, Van Auken, liuit Van Horn,
J an Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, William Wiffiams,
Wood, and WoodbruUe—179.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison. Amr*s. Delos R,.
Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Beck, Ben-
jamin, Bon ton, Blaine,Blair,Bromwell,Butler,Cake,
Cook, Dixon, Donnelly, Bribers, Eckley, Ela, Finney,
Garfield, Griswold, Halsey, Hill, Hooper, Asaliel W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Johnson, Koontz,
Lincoln, Marvin, Maynaid, McCarthy, McClurg,
McCullough, Morgan, Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen,
Myers, Nunn, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy.Raum, Rob-
inson, Ross, Shanks, Shollabarger, Sitgreayes, Spald-
ing, Thaddeus Stevens, Thomas, RobertT. Van IXorn,
Cadwalader C. Washburn. Honrvl). Washburn, John
T. Wilson, Stephen ]?. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
ward—62.
So the bill was not referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MILLER. I yield to the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Pile] for an amendment.
Mr. PILE. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the words "in'' and " mi" in the
first section and inserting in lieu thereof the
words "and have been, or may hereafter be,
honorably discharged from also, to strike
out the word "and" after the word "naval"
and insert the word " or so that it will read:
To those who enlisted and liarc been, ormayliere-
atter be, honorably discharged from the naval or
marine service ot the United States.
Mr. MILLER. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and tmder the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of Mr. Pihis was
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed. ( '
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
naval pension fund.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No. 777)
to provide for the payment of certain pensions
out of the Navy pension fund ; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill was read at length. It enacts that
the provisions of section eleven of an act en-
titled " An act for the better government of
the United States," approved July 17, 1862, be
extended to and made to include the widows and
other dependents of officers, seamen, firemen,
marines, and coal-heavers of the naval ser-
vice of the United States, who are by law en-
titled to pensions, and all that such pensions
shall be paid out of the Navy fund.
Section two provides that the amount paid
out of the general appropriation to the widows
and other dependents named in the foregoing
section since the passage of the act of July
17, 1802, shall be reimbursed to the Treasury
of the United States.
Mr. PLRHAM. I wish to call the previous
question on this bill, but I promised to yield to
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] for an amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment as an additional section:
Skc. —.And be it further enacted, That all monoys
ana securities appertaining to the fund now known
as thenaval pension fund, and all other moneys and
securities which, by law, have been heretotore paid
into such fund, and which.il tlusacthad been passed,
would hereafter accrue thereto, shall be covered into
the ireasury of ihoUnitedStates, and become a part
ot tlio surplus fund of the Treasury; and all Navy
pensions shall bo hereafter assiftned by the United
States, to bo paid irom the Treasury in accordance
with appropriations made by law,
Mr. PERHAM. I desire that the previous
question shall be seconded ; I will then give
ail opportunity for discussion if it is required.
Mr. ELIOT. I raise the question of order
that the amendment of my colleague is not
germane to the bill.
- The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The title of the bill is "A
bill to provide for the payment of certain pen-
sions out of the Navy pension fund." The
amendment provides for something else.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to amend the title
of the bill.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order until the bill has passed. The title gov-
erns the character of the bill and amendments.
The amendment, therefore, is not in order.
Mr. BUTLER. It is for the purpose of
having the pensions paid out of the Treas-
ury, and having the naval fund put into the
Treasury.
The SPEAKER. That may be a very im-
portantact, and proper to be reported from this
committee or some other.
Mr. BUTLER. Would it be in order as a
substitute?
The SPEAKER. It would not. It would
be proper to refer it to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. Tue morning hour has expired and
the bill goes over.
WILLIAM IIOLUEN AM) OTHERS.
Mi*. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
Reconstruction, by unanimous consent, re-
orted a bill (Ii. E. 778) to relieve William
Holden and others from disabilities; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and recommitted to the Committee
on Reconstruction.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALE OF GOVERNMENT BONDS.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to move that ihe
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to make a report from the Committee of
Ways and Means and to make an explanation.
The SPEAKER. Before the report is made
or afterward ?
Mr. LOGAN. I prefer to make the expla-
nation before.
Mr. BLAINE. I yield twenty minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. It will be remembered that
on the 21st of January last a resolution was
introduced into this House calling on the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for certain information.
To that resolution he responded, and I ask that
the resolution and the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Letter fram the Secretary of the Treasury, in compliance
with a revolution of the House of the 21H instant, rel~
ativeto the amount of United States ten-forty bonds
issued or disposed of by the Treasury Department
since October 1, 1867, to wkom sold, cec.
Treasury Department, January 28, 1868.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt;
of the following resolution, adopted by the House of
Representatives on the 21st instant;
'* Jiesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is h ereby, directed to furnish, tor theuse of this
House, as soon as practicable, a statement shoeing
the amount of United States ten-forty bonds issued
or disposed of by the Treasury Department since the
1st day of October, 1867, the dates and prices at which
they were sold, the names of the persons to whom
they were sold, and the amount of commissions, if
any, paid for sirch sales, and the names of the persons
to whom they were paid, together with the reasons
which, in the opinion of the Secretary, rendered it
expedient to withdraw so large an amount of cur-
rency from the business of the country. And that he
be further requested to report to this House what
action has been taken by his Departmentconcerningr
the withdrawal of any five-twenty United States
bonds held by the United States Treasurer to secure
the circulation of the national banks, and the substi-
tution therefor of United States ten-forty bonds, and
his reasons for such action."
In compliance with the requirements of said reso-
lution, l hand you herewith a statement prepared in
the loan branch of this Department, showing the
amount of ten-forty bonds issued and disposed of by
the Treasury Department since the 1st day of Octo-
ber, 18(57, up to the 21st day of January, 1868, the dates
and prices at which they were sold, the names of the
persons to whom they were sold, the amounts and
commissions paid on such sales, and the name of the
agent to whom the commissions were paid.
I also hand you astatement prepared by the Comp-
troller of the Currency, exhibiting the action which
has been taken by his bureau in regard to the with-
drawal of fivo-twenty bonds held by the United States
Treasurer to secure the circulation of the national
bank notes, and the substitution therefor of United
States ten-forty bonds, together with a statement of
the authority under which he has acted in making
such exchanges.
In further answer to said resolution, I have to say
that these bonds have been sold for the purpose of
putting the Treasury in funds for the payment of
lawful requisitions, and for the redemption of matur-
ing obligations of the Government, and because they
could be sold at bettor prices, taking into considera-
tion the difference of interest, than the five-twenty
six per cents.
1 have further to say, in answer to said resolution,
that the sale of these bonds has not tended to with-
draw currency from the business of the country, and
that the operations of the Treasury Department for
some months past have beeu such as to diminish,
rather than to increase, the currency balance in the
Ireasury.
I have tho honor to be, very truly, your obedient
servant, H. MCCULLOCH,
Secretai-y of the Treasury.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. LOGAN. Now read the letter of the
Comptroller.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office of Comptroller of the Currency,
Washington, January 23, 1868.
Sir: I have the honor to return herewith the copy
of the resolution of the Hou>e of Representatives
passed January 21,1868, referred to mo "for report
u^on ltie last paragraph/' which is in these words, to
"And that ho be further requested to report to this
House what action has been taken by his Depart-
ment concerning the withdrawal of any five-twenty
United States bonds held by the United States Treas-
uior to secure the circulation of the national banks,
and the substitution therefor of United States ten-
forty bonds, and his reasons for such action,"
In compliance with this request, I beg leave tostate
ii ioS11- day ot June, 1S&>, to this date
^.000 m five-twenty six per cent, bonds, held as
security for the circulation of national banks, at th©
rate of ninety cents on the dollar, have been sur-
rendered; and $1,665,600 in ten-forty five per cent,
ooncts bare been deposited with the Treasurer as such
security, at the late of eighty-five cents on the dollar,
in Ueuof the five-twenty bonds surrendered. Daring
the same period $3,605,500 in ten-forty five per cent,
bonds, held as security for the circulation of national
banks, at the rate of eighty-five cents on the dollar,
pave been surrendered; and in lieu thereof $3,405,200
in five-twenty and six per cent, bonds of 1881 have
been deposited with the Treasurer as such security,
at the rate of ninety cents on the dollar.
Ihese changes in the bonds deposited with the
