1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3347
Mr. Trimble, of Kentucky, being entitled to the
floor.
Mr. COOK. I deem it proper that I should
call the attention of the House to a section of
an act passed on the 2d day of March, 1807,
and to say that the section being incorporated
in an act having no relation to the general sub-
ject of legislative declarations on the subject
of secession and rebellion had escaped my
notice, and so far as I know the notice of mem-
bers of the committee. I deem it but fair and
just, therefore, to call the attention of the
House to that section. It is as follows:
''Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That section one
of the act entitled " An act to increase the pay of
soldiers in theUnitedStates Army,andforotherpur-
poses," approved June 20, 1864, be, and the same is
hereby, continued in full force and effect for three
years from and after the close of the rebellion, as an-
nounced by the President of the United States by
proclamation bearing date the 20th day of August,
I860."
I was not aware that there was any statute
which gave any legislative declaration about
the close of the rebellion. This section being
incorporated in an appropriation bill escaped
my notice.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky, addressed the.
House. [See Appendix.] Before concluding,
he said: I believe, Mr. Speaker, I have three
minutes -of my time remaining, and I will yield
them to my colleague, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. I wish to state two facts, but I
do not think I can do it in three minutes.
The SPEAKER. The session of Saturday
will expire at twelve o'clock m. and then the
business of the morning hour of Monday will
begin.
Mr. BECK. I will wait and get ten minutes
of the time of my colleague, [Mr. Adams.]
Mr. ELDRTDGE. I suggest that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] have the
three minutes given to him by his colleague
[Mr. Trimble] when the debate is resumed,
and that only seven minutes be deducted from
the time of his other colleague, [Mr. Adams.]
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. COOK. I now demand the previous
question, and will let the subject go over in
that way.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at twelve o'clock m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Mrs.
Mary Tiffany, of Schenectady, New York, for
relief.
Also, the petition of citizens of Fayette,
Blanco, and Kerr counties, for a division of
said State.
Also, remonstrance of John Beeson, against
the payment of any money t,o speculators in
Indian wars.
Also, a remonstrance of Howard Wiswall,
of Washington, North Carolina, against being
included in the act relieving from disabilities,
as he had never been disloyal to the Govern-
ment of the United States.
By Mr. BANKS: A memorial of the mechan-
ics employed in the navy-yard at Washington,
District of Columbia, praying that they may be
included in the list of employes of the Govern-
ment to whom an increase of twenty per cent,
on their pay may be given.
Also, a memorial of John Beeson, praying
for the abolishment of the Indian Bureau, and
the establishment in the place thereof of an
Indian department of the Government, for the
purpose of better protection of the Indian tribes
1'iom unjust treatment, together with a proposed
system for the better government of the In-
dians.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of James
Murphy, of Maine, asking compensation for
time unjustly detained as a deserter.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 22, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. A. D. Gillette, D. D.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday last was dispensed with.
nOHSE bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1035) authorizing the
Manufacturers' National Bank of New York
to change its location, and the bill (H. R. No.
1282) authorizing certain banks named therein
to change their names, were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions adopted at a meeting of the Na-
tional Typographical Union, held at Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, June 3,1808, in favor
of the passage of a law making eight hours a
legal day's work; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented resolutions adopted at a
meeting of the National Typographical Union,
held in Washington city, June 4, 18G8, against
the passage of an international copyiight law;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Library.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, asking
that the soldiers of the war of 1812 and the
widows of deceased soldiers be placed on the
pension-roll; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
Jaines C. White, of Portsmouth, Virginia,
praying a removal of the civil disabilities im-
posed on him by acts of Congress ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. YATES presented a memorial of set-
tlers on Cherokee neutral lands, asking that
they may purchase their homes at $1 25 per
acre, and protesting against the granting of
large tracts to railroads; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HOWE presented the memorial of G.
E. Weiss and R. B. Rice, inspectors of cus-
toms of the port of Milwaukee, remonstrating
against an American register being granted to
the schooner Victoria, a Canadian-built vessel;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition from
Rev. Rufus Ellis, of Boston, pastor of the
First Church there, and several other persons,
leading members of that society, in which they
set forth that they have ordered from England
painted glass windows to be used in their new
church which they are now building, valued at
from ten to fifteen thousand dollars, and which
are expected to arrive in this country about the
1st of October next. They state that it was
found impossible at any expense to procure
first-class work of this character in the United
States; and believing that the undertaking will
tend to raise the standard of taste in matters
of art, and will facilitate and improve manu-
factures of that character in the United States
as being the most considerable attempt yet
made to supply good models; and also in con-
sideration of the expense of the enterprise,
they respectfully ask the remission of the duties
on this glass. I move the reference of this
petition to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have received, and been
asked to present what is entitled "a memorial"
from William Cornell Jewett, in which he asks
Congress to establish a Government bank, and
through that a financial policy, under which,
accoiaing to the statement of his petition, the
national debt will be consolidated, its redemp-
tion provided for without any tax upon the peo-
ple or the future care of Congress, and the
national honor protected. I move the refer-
ence of this memorial to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
reports ol? committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the resolution (S. R. No. 151) to drop
from the rolls of the Army certain officers ab-
sent without authority from their commands,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred_the joint resolution (8. R. No.
149) authorizing the sale of damaged or unser-
viceable arms, ordnance, and ordnance stores,
reported it without amendment.
SITE 05 FORT COVINGTON.
Sir. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 264) to provide for the sale of the site of
Fort Covington, in the State of Maryland, to
report it back without amendment and recom-
mend its passage. It is a joint resolution con-
taining but one section, and, if there is no
objection, I should like to put it on its passage.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It authorizes the
Secretary of War to sell in entirety or by sub-
divisions, at public auction to the highest bid-
der, after thirty days' notice in three daily
newspapers in the city of Baltimore, one of
which newspapers shall be published in the
German language, a certain tract of land be-
longing to the United States, situated' within
the limits of that city, on the Patapsco river,
Maryland, known as the site of Fort Coving-
ton, containing about two and three quarters
acres, more or less, with all the tenements,
rights, and privileges pertaining thereto; and
the proceeds of the sale are to be paid into the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply state that the
joint resolution has the approval of the War
Department, and is recommended by the
Department.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
american citizens abroad.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following res-
olution :
Jtesolved, That the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions be discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (11. K. Ko. 768) concerning the rights of
American citizens in foreign States.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to its considera-
tion to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution must lie over under
the rules.
Mr. CONNESS. I give notice that to-mor-
row I will ask the Senate to consider this res-
olution, and at the same time submit some
remarks in connection therewith.
elizabeth carson.
•Mr. WILLEY. 1 move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 536.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 536) for the relief of Elizabeth Carson
was read the second time, and considered as iu
Committee of the Whole. By its terms the
Secretary of the Treasury is to pay to Eliza-
beth Carson, of Bourbon county, Kentucky,
the sum of $2,030 40, in full satisfaction for
subsistence, use of jail, fuel, fire, care, and
attention furnished by lier to conscripts, desert-
ers, and rebel prisoners confined in the jail of
Bourbon county, Kentucky, by the military
authorities of the United States in the years
1862, 1803, 1864. and 18C5.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What committee reported
that bill ?
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the reading of the
report of the Committee on Claims.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
made by Mr. Willey on the 12th instant:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referrod
the petition of Elizabeth Carson, praying eompensa-
Hon tor subsistence furnished to pribonera connn-ea
in the Bourbon counfcyjail, in Kentucky, by order o£
the military authorities of the United totates, from
