1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is on file, but whether under oath or not I do
not know.
Mr. BANKS. Here is a statement of the
manner in which this discovery was made. It
shows conclusively on its face that it is a true
statement.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, I make the sug-
gestion whether it is not better that this bill
should be referred to the Committee of Claims.
We have now before that committee claims of
this character from paymasters in the Army,
internal revenue officers, and many other offi-
cers who disburse public money, asking for
relief of this character. We have endeavored
to mature a uniform provision of law in regard
to all such claims. If we adopt one system
for naval officers, another for Army officers,
and still another for internal revenue officers,
it seems to me it will lead to confusion. It
will not only lead to great confusion, but, sir,
injustice will be done to some of these officers,
if indeed injustice will not be done to the Gov-
ernment. If the gentleman from Maine will
yield to me I will move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of Claims, to which commit-
tee all such claims have been referred.
Mr. PIKE. I cannot yield for that purpose.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Mr. Speaker,
this claim seems to have been fairly investi-
gated by the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
therefore I do not see any propriety in taking
it away from the action of that committee and
referring it to the Committee of Claims. I am
surprised that the gentleman from Wisconsin
should suggest such a course when the Com-
mittee of Claims, as it is admitted, have now
before them more claims than they can invest-
igate during this session of Congress. The
Committee on Naval Affairs have investigated
this claim, and reported thatitis justandshould
be allowed. Now, one word in regard to this
matter. It seems to me that we have all the
evidence in this case we can have in any case;
and if Congress is to pay any claim proved to
be just and proper then it ought to pay this
claim. If it does not mean to pay any of these
claims, if the Government can afford to say
that it will not pay any of these claims, how-
ever just they may be, and will refuse to act
on them, then this, as well as other just eases,
will be rejected; but, sir, if we pay auy class
of cases of this kind then we ought promptly
to pay this one. It has been investigated, and
the committee has reported in favor of it; and
I hope, therefore, that it will be passed.
Mr. UPSON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Maine a question.
Mr. PIKE. I have other important busi-
ness, and I cannot yield further. I wish only
to make a remark. Here is the whole length
and breadth of this case. No committee can
supply the want of testimony, neither this nor
any other committee, and the House must
trust to this extent to the committee. It seems
to me it is not fair to take this small amount
from a worthy officer, a man of high charac-
ter ; but if it is to be done let the bill be voted
down and not referred to another committee,
and still further postponed. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider he laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
navy and marine corps.
Mr. PIKE also, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1023)
to amend certain acts in relation to the Navy
and Marine corps; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read at length. The first
section provides that from and after the pas-
sage of this act the Marine corps shall consist
of the number of officers, non-commissioned
officers, and musicians authorized by the act
for the increase of the Marine corps of the
United States, approved March 2, 1847, and
the acts previous thereto, and of fifteen hun-
dred privates, and repeals all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent herewith; provided that
the commissions of officers now in the Marine
corps shall not be vacated by this act, but no
appointment shall be made in any of the grades
of said corps until the number in said corps is
reduced below the number herein provided for
each of said grades.
The second section provides that no appoint-
ment of engineers shall be made in either of
the grades of said corps until the number is
reduced below that provided in the first sec-
tion of the act to regulate the appointment
and pay of engineers in the Navy of the United
States, approved August SI, 1842, and the
■number so authorized shall be based upon the
number of steamships in commission. And it
also abolishes the grade of third assistant
engineer.
The third section repeals the second section
of an act^entitled "An act to increase the pay
of midshipmen and others," approved March
3, 1865, and the ninth section of an act enti-
tled "An act to amend certain acts in relation
to the Navy," approved March 2, 18G7; pro-
vided the repeal of said section shall not be
construed to iucrease the pay now allowed by
law to officers promoted in accordance with
its provisions. j
The fourth section repeals all acts and parts j
of acts authorizing the appointment of tempo- ;
rary acting officers in the Navy. I
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, I am asked to i
explain this bill, and I will do it very briefly. !
I wish to call the attention of the distinguished
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. WASiiisuii.Mi] to
this bill, and to remind him of the expression
of a doubt by him in the discussion which oc-
curred here a month or two ago in relation to
the purpose of the Naval Committee, when he
attempted to make a partial reform in the man-
agement of our naval ships, and ho was replied
to at the time that the Naval Committee had
in preparation a bill which would be very much
more thorough. I now call his attention to
this bill.
The first section provides for reducing the
rank and file of the Marine corps to fifteen
hundred men. It is now three thousand men.
At the beginning of the war the number was
fixed by law at two thousand, although the
actual number was only between fourteen hun-
dred and fifteen hundred. By the law of 1801
the number was increased to twenty-five hun-
dred, and by the act of the Executive without
lawit was increased to aboutthirty-five hundred.
It was proposed, I think, by the gentleman from
Illinois to reduce the Marine corps to twenty-
five hundred men. Upon full consideration
the Committee on Naval Affairs have come to
the conclusion that it should be reduced to
fifteen hundred men.
This force is in use in our naval vessels as a
police force merely, and a large number is not
necessary in any one vessel. I believe the
number employed on board a vessel is from
ten or fifteen up to fifty; and as we have but
fifty vessels in the service, it is quite apparent
that we do not need as large a number of men
as is now authorized by law. It is not thought
fair to throw out the officers who now hold
commissions in this branch of the service, like
other officers in the Army and in the Navy,
reckoning uptra a life service and abandon-
ing otlujrpursuits to take positions in this
corps^and for that reason it has been pro-
vided in this bill that the commissions of offi-
ces now in the Marine corps shall not be
acated by this act, but that no appointments
shall be made in any grade of the corps until
the number in the corps is reduced below the
number provided by this bill for each grade.
The reduction is very rapid from resignation
and casualty, both in the Army and in the
Navy.
The next section provides that no appoint-
ment of engineers shall be made in either of
the grades until the number is reduced to a
certain number for each vessel. Before the
war we had about one hundred and forty en-
gineers. During the war we had a very lav<re
number, and by the last Naval Register I see
that about fivg hundred remain in the service
We need more engineers than before the war •
but it is quite apparent that we do not need
the large number now employed. The num
ber for each vessel was one chief engineer
two first assistants, two second assistants, and
three third assistants. The grade of third as-
sistant engineer it is proposed by this bill to
abolish. That will give about two hundred
and fifty, which, upon investigation, we think,
is about the proper number, as our Navy is •
now composed wholly of steam vessels.
The next section provides for the repeal of
an act in relation to mates, providing that the
Department shall be authorized to give sixly
dollars a month to mates. It practically pro-
poses to abolish the grade of mates. It is sup-
posed that midshipmen and passed midship-
men can do the duty of this grade.
Another portion of the section provides that
an act passed in March last shall be repealed.
That act provided that officers on the retired
list might be promoted as their dates are pro-
moted on the active list. The result has been
to fill up the higher grades of the retired list
of the Navy with officers retired long ago and
for all manner of reasons. It provided the
pay should not be increased above that re-
ceived by the officer when he was retired. But
by some construction of the Attorney General
the executive department concludes that these
officers ought to have pay according to the
rank they now hold. The Secretary of the
Navy does not hold to that opinion, and no
pay of the promoted grade has heretofore been
given to these officers. But it is.deemed proper
to repeal the act altogether.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would inquire of the
gentleman what is the objection to this law of
March, 1867, to which he refers, by which
officers on the retired list are to have promo-
tion? Why should they not be promoted, if
they deserve it, as well as any other class o.f
officers ?
Mr. PIKE. I will state to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] we have a
statute for persons on the retired list besides
the statute proposed to be repealed. It pro-
vides that their appointment to a higher grade
shall be sent to the Senate for confirmation.
But under this law of March, 1867, they are
promoted as their dates are promoted on the
active list. The operation of that law has
been, that in one case a passed midshipman
was put on the retired list because of insanity,
and he has been insane for the last twenty
years, yet he has been promoted as his date
has been promoted, and lie now appears upon
the Naval Register as captain. The whole
thing is simply absurd. It makes the retired
list, which was meant to be a list of worthy
officers, a list of men placed there on account
of disease, disabilities incurred in seivice, or
old age, what one of the officers of the Navy
styles the " Botany Bay" of the Navy.
Mr. HARDING. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments?
Mr. PIKE. Certainly.
Mr. HARDING. I would ask the gentle-
man if he considers that these officers should
be retained in the service notwithstanding there
is no service for them to perform? Does he
hold that, in consequence of having been once
commissioned in the naval or Marine corps,
they have therefore a life estate in the service?
Does the gentleman conceive it to be a hard-
ship or a disgrace that they should be dismissed
from the service when there is no longer any
service which they can perform? I protest
against any such doctrine.
I hold that they are in the public service as
all other officers are, to be dismissed when the
public exigencies no longer require them.
They have no life estate in the corps by reasoa
of once having been commissioned in it. .Vol-
unteer officers went into our Army and qual-
ified themselves for the service and fought
