THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
bravely: and then went home again and were
dismissed from the service without considering
it any hardship or disgrace. And so it should
be with these men. Let them retire to private
life when the service no longer requires them,
which they can do with as little disgrace as
these other officers.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Hardisg] entirely misapprehends my
expression as well as the bill itself. I was
speaking—and this is the question for the con-
sideration of the House now—in relation to
the provision of the act of March 2, 1807, with
regard to promotions upon the retired list in
the Navy. It is not a question whether these
officers shall be retired or not, but whether
when they have been retired they shall be pro-
moted. That is the only question.
• Mr. HARDING-. 1 understood the gentle-
man to say that the officers of this corps, em-
bracing three thousand men, are to be retained
in service, notwithstanding the reduction.
Mr. PIKE. That is in another part of the
bill.
Mr. HARDING. That is the point in ref-
erence to which I made inquiry.
Mr. PIKE. In relation to that, as well as
in relation to the old officers of the Navy, I
am quite sure so generous-hearted a gentle-
man as my friend from Illinois would not fol-
low out into practice the sentiment he has
just expressed.
An old officer of the Navy who has served
forty-live years, or come to be sixty-two years
of age, basin that, timebecoine a part and par-
cel of the Navy itbelf. He is an old '' sea dog,"
who knows little of business outside of the
Navy, or of obtaining a livelihood in any other
way. Would you in the case of a man like
that, worn out in the service, say that for
tlie few remaining years of his life lie shall not
receive even half pay? After he has expended
all the energies of his more vigorous manhood
in the naval service, would you deny him even
the small allowance of half pay, which may
afford him some of the necessaries and perhaps
a few of the comforts of life? Besides, these
officers are in many cases very useful for shore
service. Many of them are now serving as
commandants in our navy-yards and in other
valuable service; but many more are on the
retired list, like Admiral Stewart, of Philadel-
phia, who has identified himself in his career
with the naval glory of the country. Now, at
the age of ninety, he receives the pittance of
half pay of the rank he held when he was re-
tired. The gentleman from Illinois certainly
would not strike at the commander of Old
[ronsides, and leave him entirely without pay?
Mr. HARDING-. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman that, whether '' generous-hearted'' or
not, I said no such thinj as he imputes to me.
Mr. PIKE. I am very glad of it.
Mr. HARDING. I am surprised that the
gentleman misunderstood me. What I said
was that I objected to the sentiment that offi-
cers holding commissions in this corps, and
whose services by reason of this reduction
would not be required, shall be retained be-
cause they hold commissions. That is the
sentiment to which I objected. I have no objec-
tions to paying pensions to old and worthy offi-
cers—"old sea dogs" or old land dogs, who
have served their country faithfully. I would give
the last drop in my cup for their comfort in
their old age. But, sir, I was speaking of the
young officers who have obtained commissions
in the exigencies of the last few years, and who
now come here exhibiting their commissions
and saying, " Though you have nothing for us
to do, you must retain us in service till we are
old." That I object to.
Mr. PIKE. I am very glad that I misunder-
stood the gentleman, and that the opinion
which he expressed, and which I understood to
extend to all officers of the Navy no longer
useful, did, in fact, embrace only the Marine
corps.
In regard to that corps, as well as to the
corps of engineers, it may be said that it re-
duces itself rapidly by means of resignations
and casualties ; so that the sum of money which
the Government would save if it should to-day
discharge every surplus officer would be very
small indeed. It has not been deemed wise
by the Committee on Naval Affairs, in refer-
ence to either of these corps, as it has not
been deemed wise by the Ilouse, in reference
to the Army, to discharge any of these men
who have been partially educated in the public
service and at the public expense. But very
rapidly these corps will be reduced to the
numbers fixed by this bill; and it is hardly
worth while for us to attempt anything more
in that direction.
j Mr. SPALDING. I would like to ask the
| gentleman one question in connection with this
j hill. I notice that it proposes to repeal the
j act of March 3, 1807, entitled "An act for in-
creasing the pay of midshipmen and other offi-
cers of tho Navy." 1 wish to know to what
extent the repeal of that act will reduce the
pay of midshipmen and other officers?
Mr. PIKE. This does not affect the pay
of midshipmen. The second section of the act
referred to relates only to the pay of mates.
Mi\ SPALDING. Is that all that is to be
repealed?
Mr. PIKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SPALDING. So that the pay of mid-
shipmen and lieutenants will not be reduced.
Mr. PIKE. It will not be changed at all.
We simply propose to abolish the grade of
mate.
Mr. IXGKRSOLL. Yon provide for the
repeal of the ninth section of the act of March
2, 1K()7. Now, why do you propose to repeal
that provision of the law?
Mr. PIKE. I have just fully explained
that.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. Then I must have been
out. 11'1 understand it I would like to say a
word, if the gentleman will allow me.
Mr. PIKE. My time has almost expired,
and I am obliged to call the previous question
on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
coasting trade and fisheries.
Mr. PIKE. I am directed to report back
from the same committee House joint resolu-
tion No. 155, in relation to the vessels en-
rolled and licensed for employment in tho
coasting trade and fisheries; and I will ask
for the previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
Mr. PIKE. I will withdraw it after I have
made a few remarks on tho condition of the
commerce of the country, and let the resolu-
tion go to the Committee on Commerce.
Tho House divided ; and there were—ayes
55, noes 11 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the joint resolution will go over
j until to-morrow.
antonio pellitiek.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a message from the Pres-
ident of the United States, transmitting aletter
from the Secretary of State, relative to the im-
prisonment and destruction of the property of
Antonio Pellitier by the people and authorities
ofHayti; which, on nioiion of Mr. Baxks, was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
russian america.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a message from the
President of the United States, transmitting a
letter from the Secretary of State, in reference
to Russian America; which, on motion of Mr.
Banks, was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois, entered the
motion to reconsider, to be called up here-
after.
CONFEDERATE PROPERTY IN EUROPE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, relative to certain
efforts of that Department for the recovery of
confederate property in Europe; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
HAItliOR OF ALTON', ILLINOIS.
Tho SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the Ilouse a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting the report of
the chief of engineers, relative to the improve-
ment of the harbor of Alton, Illinois; which,
on motion of Mr. Baker, was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
ItHEDY ISLAND AND LISTON POINT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting reports of survey of
Reedy Island and Liston Point, in the Del-
aware river and bay ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
choctaw and chickasaw boundary.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before tho House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, relative to the survey of the
eastern boundary of the Chickasaw and Choc-
taw nations; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
quahturmasteii's department contracts.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House, in compliance with law,
a statement of tlie contracts made by the quar-
termaster's department during March, 1SG3;
which, on motion of Mr. Garfield, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
amendment of the bankrupt law.
Mr. JENCKES, frpm the Committee on
Revision of Laws of tho United States, reported
back the following bill:
A bill in amendment of tin act entitled "An act to
establish(i uniform system ot bank) uptoy through-
out the United States/' approved March 2. 1867.
Be it enuctcd by the Senate and House of Benretient't-
of proceedings in bankruptcy commenced pi ior to tne
3>t dayot June, A.I)., 18(50,andthetimedurmgwhieh
tho operation ol the provi&ionsofsaid ciauao is post-
poned shall be extended until said 1st day of June,
A. 1>. 1809. And said clause is herebyso amended as
to read as follows: in all proceedings in bankruptcy
commenced after the l-.t day of June, 1860, no dis-
charge shall be granted to a debtor whose assets shall
not be equal to fitty per cent, of the claims proved
a?ainst his estate upon which he shall be liable as
tho principal debtor, unless the assent in writing of
a majority in number and value uf bis creditors to
havcwhoinhcbhaH becomeliableas principal debtor,
aud who shall have proved thcircl.iim?, be filed in tho
case at or belore the time of the hearing of the appli-
cation for discharge.
Sno. 2. And be it further enneted, That said act be
further amended astollows: the phrase <k presented
or defended m the fourteenth section of said act
shall read prosecuted or defended;" the phrase
twn'nf t'l nt <dobtor?''' flve. section twentv-
5T i'i0i tl>e..aot as printed m theStatutes-at-Lar e
shall read nor resident creditorstluit the w.r-j
or, m the next to the last line of the tbirty-nu.th
section of the act shall read " and that il.eVi.ra4
ie"n i1!1 ^eiorty-second sect ion of said
act shall read section eleven andtbephra^e "or
spends any part thereof in earning - in t .>~i,,uf
(fourth section of said act shall read " or shall 'in'. -l
bKC. 3. And be it further enacted, That renter* m
TOWecttofh?,i, bankruptcy m ullet-cs,
re\iMon ot such proof., bv the isgi-t. r
a id bj the court according to the provisions ot s ,i
Mr. JENCKES.
Mr. Speaker, the Commit-
