1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
toe on Revision of Ajaws of tife United States
had before them the\yarioj<s propositions of
amendment to the bankrupt act that have
been submitted in the xtouse, and have also
had before them the reports of registers and
the extensive correspondence between the
registers and the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court, in which various other amendments and
alterations were suggested. The result of the
examination of the whole subject arrived at
by the committee was that a great portion of
the amendments which have been suggested are
immaterial and relate to questions of practice
which can be remedied by the courts them-
selves, and they have found but two substan-
tive matters which they thought, upon all this
evidence and upon full consideration, seemed
to require amendment.
The second section of the bill as reported
corrects some verbal inaccuracies in the act as
printed and does no more than make the act
symmetrical. There is no alteration made or
proposed by that section which materially
alters the sense of the law as it stands.
The first section proposes an extension of
the time at which the fifty per cent, clause of
the act, as it is called, shall take effect. That
clause was inserted postponing the operation
of it one year from the 1st of June, 1867,
when the law went into full operation. It was
believed at that time one year would be a suf-
ficient period to clear off all the old wrecks of
business, and that the country would become
so familiar with the law and so conform to it
that this clause might take effect without any
injury or shock in the commercial world.
Perhaps the clause might take effect now or
upon the 1st of June without any shock to
actual business, but it has been found that a
year has not been a sufficient period to dis-
pose of all these old cases. The testimony is
uniform from all the districts that there has
not been a sufficient period from the time when
the law practically went into operation down
to the present time within which to prepare
and file the petitions of those who desire to
take the benefit of the law. One reason for
this, and the principal one, was the delay in
the promulgation of the general orders and
forms. Without those it was impossible to
transact business. They were framed by the
Supreme Court and ordered to be printed prior
to the 1st of June, 1867, but they were not
actually distributed and were not actually in
the hands of the profession until some time
in July, so that two or three months at least
were lost to the profession which they would
otherwise have had the benefit of. Those
rules and orders with the act itself also had to
be studied, which required further time.
Mr. NIBLACK. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will corroborate him by saying
that in many places in the western States the
forms did not go into the hands of the profes-
sion until August and September.
Mr. JENCKES. I think that is so, and in
the southern country it was later still; so that,
practically, there were from three to six months
lost throughout the whole country.
As [ was stating, the character of these gen-
eral orders and forms required time for their
examination and study; and still further time
was needed to conform to their requirements.
They were framed upon the principle that a
case under this law should be prepared and
presented by the party seeking relief fully in
every respect before going into court; that he
should not file papers first and amend them
afterward; but that he should, at the thresh-
old, make a full statement of all his affairs. This
preparation, in many old cases, was a work
of great time and labor; and I think it may
be fairly stated that, practically, the country
has not had the benefit of the operation of
this act fully for more than six months. Upon
that ground, and that mainly, it has been deemed
expedientthat the operation ofthis clause should
bo postponed.
The third section remedies an evil which is
of very grave magnitude in some of the large
congressional districts. It has not been the
practice heretofore in the United States courts
to appoint a large number of commissioners,
nor, until they were required to do so by the
civil rights act, have they much enlarged the
number. But under the provisions and require-
ments of that act they are now appointing a
commissioner in almost every county in the
United States. So that if all commissioners
are empowered to talce proof of debts, then in
every case the creditor will have some one
within reach before whom he can make his
proof; he can go to some place as convenient
as the clerk's office of his county court, where
he can take his claim and make proof of it. In
large districts, where some judges construe the
law to give power only to the register to take
proof of debts, for the resident debtor it has
been a great hardship, and that will be re-
moved by this bill.
Some doubts also existed, under the con-
struction given to the act by certain judges, as
to whether registers could administer oaths in
all cases. That doubt lias been removed. And
this amendatory bill proposes to remove the
only serious obstacles which have been found
to the full and regular working of the act.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to submit an amend-
ment to the first section of this bill, and to
make some remarks upon it. I move to amend
by striking out the word "June" where it first
occurs and inserting in lieu thereof the word
"January."
Mr. JENCKES. I do not wish to yield to
have that amendment offered ; but I will hear
what the gentleman has to say upon it.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not understand that the
previous question has yet been demanded.
The SPEAKER.. It has not been ; but the
gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes]
is still upon the floor, which precludes any
amendment being offered without his consent.
Mr. ELIOT. Does the gentleman object to
my offering that amendment, and having a vote
of the House upon it?
Mr. JENCKES. I do; and for this rea-
son 
Mi;. ELIOT. Then I will avail myself of
the courtesy of the gentleman from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Jenckes,] so far as I can, hoping
that before I get through I may prevail upon
him to allow me an opportunity to offer that
amendment.
I will begin by saying to that gentleman
that, in my judgment, it would have been im-
possible for him to have succeeded in passing
the original bill through the House as it was
reported by him unless upon the distinct un-
derstanding that the provision in the bill,
which he now seeks to extend for one year,
should be incorporated in it as it passed.
Mr. JENCKES. If the gentleman wishes
simply to take the sense of the House upon
his amendment I will allow it to be offered;
and before calling the previous question I wish
to reply to what the gentleman has to say
upon it.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I move to strike out the
word "June" and to insert in lieu thereof
the word "January" wherever it occurs in the
first section ; so that it will read as follows :
That the provisions of second clause of the thirty-
third section of said act shall not apply to the cases
of proceedings in bankruptcy commenced prior to
the 1st day of June, A. IX 1SS9, and the time during
which the operation of the provisions of said clause
is postponed bhall bo extended until said 1st day
of January, A. D. 1809. And said clause is hereby so
amended as to read as follows: in all proceedings
in bankruptcy commenced alter the 1st day of .Janu-
ary, I860, no discharge shall bo granted to a debtor
whose assets shall not be eciual to fifty per cent, of
the claims proved against bis estate upon which he
shall be liable as the principal debtor, unless the
assent in writing of a majority in number and value
of his creditors to whom he shall have become liable
as principal debtor, and. who shall have proved their
claims, bo filed in the case at or betoro the timo 01
the hearing of the application lor discharge.
Mr. JENCKES. The committee had^ this
matter under consideration, and were desirous
of meeting this subject in the same spirit with the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,]
for the majority of the committee entertained
the views entertained by him._ But upon ex-
amining the great mass of testimony concern-
ing the operations of the law and the necessity
of extending the time, they were satisfied it
would require a full year, and not six months,
as the gentleman proposes, to put this act
fairly into operation.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Jbnokes] having yielded to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
to offer an amendment, I ask him, as a con-
cession to another interest in this House, to
yield to me to propose an amendment, in order
that the House may have an opportunity to
vote upon it.
Mr. JENCKES. I will hear the amend-
ment.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to move to amend
the last clause of section one, by inserting after
the words "proceedings in " the word ''vol-
untary;" so that it shall read, "'In all proceed-
ings in voluntary bankruptcy," &o.
Mr. JENCKES. I cannot yield for that
amendment; this provision is intended to apply
to both kinds of proceedings.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few moments?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. At the time of the passage
of this act—and as my colleague [Mr. Eliot]
has called the attention of the gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] to that fact, I
would like to hear the gentleman from Rhode
Island further upon it—it was stated that it was
necessary to insert a provision to postpone the
operation of this portion of the bill for one year
from the 1st day of June, 18(>7, in order to p'er-
mitthe commencement of proceedings in bank-
ruptcy by those who, in consequence of the
disasters of war and similar circumstances, had
bccouic involved, so that there might be a clean
bill, or a clean state of things applicable to
those who were to avail themselves of this law
as a permanent system. And the gentleman
well recollects how many times he lost his bill
in this House before he consented to_ the in-
sertion of that provision. When itwasinserted
it was inserted for that purpose, and thatalone.
Now, the gentleman proposes to extend that
very provision one year longer.
Mr. SPALDIN G. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to say just here that the committee
have reported this bill in compliance with peti-
tions from all parts of the United States ask-
ing for such a provision?
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of that.
Mr. SPALDING. It is not because we wish
to change the original contract at all.
Mr. DAWES. I trust that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spaldixg] and the gentleman
from Ilhodo Island [Mr. Jexckes] have not
yielded to "petitions from all parts of the
United States" unless they have seen some
good reason for complying with the prayer of
those petitions. If this provision of the bill
is to apply to the permanent system of bank-
ruptcy, and the relief from the fifty per cent,
is to apply only to cases in existence before
the act went into effcct, I desire to know why
it is necessary to allow two years for the com-
mencement of proceedings? for, as i under-
stand the bankrupt law at this moment, the
benefit of this provision applies to every one
who commences liis proceedings in bankruptcy
before the 1st day of June, 18(58. And I do
not know why every man who has been in-
volved by the disasters of the past may not
commence his proceedings between this time
even and the 1st day of June next. A whole
year has been allowed for the very purpose of
commencing such proceedings; and when a man
has onee initiated them (and this applies to
voluntary as well as involuntary proceedings in
bankruptcy) he has the whole benefit of this
provision. The effect of the bill is (I do not
suppose such is the intention of the committee)
to ingraft this provision upon future cases of
bankruptcy, and to give those who have become
bankrupts since the passage of the law, ana in
the face of it, the benefit of this provision for
