1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8349
large and populous or not, and if they are
likely to become populous, we ought to move
with such rapidity as not to reserve the power
in our hands to divide them into States of
proper dimensions. It may be that we ought
to make out of some of them two, three, or
four States. This early, hasty action, pushed
on for no other conceivable motive than be-
cause a few very excellent gentlemen desire to
represent that country in Congress, is, it
seems to me, utterly unstatesmanlike. "VVe
surely ought not to act upon any such ground
or motive. For one I hope that we shall
either set aside and postpone the whole mat-
ter, or else make out a plan, as was formerly
the custom of Congress, to authorize the peo-
ple of the Territories to meet together and
form a constitution in convention, properly
called, to have a census taken, and then pre-
sent the constitution here, and if everything
shall be in fit shape and in the order that has
been almost the uniform practice of our fore-
fathers, then allow them to come in for admis-
sion, and not otherwise.
Mr. CRAGIN. I desire to offer a few
remarks in reply to the Senator from Vermont.
Being a member of the Committee on Terri-
tories, and having examined this question with
considerable care, I desire to state briefly the
reasons why I am in favor of the passage of
this bill.
The Senator says that he is opposed to the
clothing of young boys in the garments of men.
As a general principle, I should be opposed to
that proceeding ; but the Senator from Ver-
mont probably will remember that in 1864,
when he was a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives, Congress passed enabling acts
authorizing Colorado, Nebraska, and Nevada
to form State constitutions preparatory to ad-
mission into the Union.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And the
people of Colorado acted under that and re-
jected it.
Mr. CRAGIN. And. Mr. President, so
desirous was Congress at that time for the
admission of these Territories that there were
not men enough opposed to the proposition in
either branch of Congress to call for the yeas
and nays. The enabling acts passed without
a division in both branches of Congress, and
Nebraska and Nevada have been admitted
under those acts with as great irregularities in
the formation of their constitutions as in the
case of Colorado.
Colorado, by the census of 1860, had a pop-
ulation of over thirty-four thousand inhabitants,
more than either of the other Territories which
have since been admitted into the Union ; and
to-day I believe as much as believe that I am
standing in this Chamber that Colorado has
more inhabitants than either Nebraska or Ne-
vada has, certainly more than Nebraska had
at the time she was admitted into the Union,
and recent votes demonstrate my position.
The last vote in Colorado, last fall, was 9,349.
The vote in Nebraska just prior to her admis-
sion, on the question of the election of a mem-
ber of Congress, was only 8,041; and the last
election in Nevada for member of Congress
showed only 9,342 votes, less than the vote in
Colorado at last fall's election.
Now, Mr. President, if there was any reason
in 1864 why this Territory, in conjunction with
Nebraska and Nevada, should be admitted into
the Union as a State, that reason exists now,
and exists with stronger force, for Colorado
since that day has been developed in her
resources, her population has increased, and
she is better prepared to assume the responsi-
bilities of a State, and more entitled to be
admitted here.
The Senator from Vermont says that her
constitution was made by a mob. I do not
know to what he refers. I know the constitu-
tion was formed, submitted to the people,
voted upon, and a majority of those voting
voted for its adoption. In Nebraska the Legis-
lature formed the constitution and submitted
it to the people, and it was ratified, and we
accepted it here and admitted the State. In
Colorado the constitution was formed by a con-
vention elected by the people, and then their
work was submitted to the people, and by them
ratified.
Now, briefly, to show the resources of this
Territory, and as an evidence of its population,
I will refer to one item only, for 1 do not
intend to occupy time in this discussion. The
last report of the Postmaster General shows
that the receipts of the Department from
Colorado increased from $16,781 05 in 1864,
at the time the enabling act was passed, to
$82,580 24 in 1867. The receipts of the Post
Office Department have doubled since the popu-
lation of Colorado was shown to be over thirty-
four thousand. As compared with Nebraska,
Oregon, Nevada, Arkansas, and Florida, the
receipts from Colorado were considerably
larger than the receipts from either of those
States. From Nebraska the receipts were
$30,770 !?9 ; from Oregon, $28, 65G 23; from
Nevada, §22,550 13. The post office receipts
were $10,000 less in the State of Nevada than
they were in the Territory of Nevada.
Mr. President, the Committee on Territories
have examined this question; they have be-
come satisfied that the people of Colorado
almost unanimously desire admission ; and
they have reported this bill with amendments
practically resubmitting the question to the
people; for if the Legislature which is to be
elected under this bill shall refuse to accept
the conditions and adopt the constitutional
amendment, then this act is to be null and
void. The question of admission will enter
into the election, which will result from this
bill, of members of the Legislature.
I hope, therefore, that this bill will be passed,
and that we may admit this Teriitoiy. After
this is done, I shall be ready to join with the
Senator from Vermont, whenever any other
Territories come here, aud require that they
shall have a population equal to the population
required for a member of Congress in the old
States. But under the circumstances, that
enabling act having been passed inviting this
Territory with Nevada and Nebraska to come
into the Union, and the people having accepted
it, I think the plighted faith of this nation is
pledged practically to their admission.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire allow me to ask
him a question ?
Mr. CRAGIN. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Did not the
people of Colorado, when they were called
upon to vote under that authorization of Con-
gress, reject the constitution that was framed?
Mr. CRAGIN. At the first trial they did
reject it, and then afterward another constitu-
tion was formed and submitted to the people,
and they adopted it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. "Was it made
by any legal, authorized authority? Was it
not made by a convention of the people ? in
other words, it might as well be called a mob,
so far as any legal authority is concerned.
Mr. CRAGIN. It was made by a conven-
tion elected by the people.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But not au-
thorized by the territorial Legislature or by
Congress.
Mr. CRAGIN. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator that the constitution of Nebraska was
made by the territorial Legislature and sub-
milted to the people.
Mr. MORIULL, of Vermont. I am now
talking about this one.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the honor-
able Senator from Vermont if that makes any
difference? Does the Constitution prescribe
any manner in which a State shall make its
constitution ? It ought to be the will of the
people ; that is all that is required.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to say a word
on this subject, because the honorable Senator
from Vermont so fiercely attacks the conclu-
sions to which the committee have come, and
treats them as of so little consequence to him
that he says it is impossible to lick the thing i
into shape so that he can lick it after us—a !
delicate expression, and one that conveys un-
doubtedly the full meaning of hatred to this
proposition which the honorably Senator enter-
tains 1 Sir, I owe no apology to this Senate,
and especially to the Senator from Vermont,
that I stand here representing in part a new
State. I come here as a representative of
that State at the request of this Government.
When States were falling out of this Union,
and it was necessary to put in braces, new
States were invited to fill up the vacuum that
had so unnaturally occurred. To that invi-
tation Nevada listened in the hourof the Gov-
ernment's necessities, not her's; for it was at
a sacrifice to her own personal interests and
her own personal expenses that she took upon
herself the burden of a State government at
the request of the honorable Senator from
Vermont, as he says himself. Therefore, I
owe no apology for standing here in the sister-
hood of States as the representative of a State
on an equality with the State of Vermont.
Neither does Colorado deserve to be treated
with that utter contempt which the manner and
the language the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont has seen tit to use would indicate. She
was invited at the same time. The good men
of that State rallied to perform what the Gov-
ernment requested. Sir, they were no mob.
They were men who shared the honors and the
defeats of this war, men who are scar-worn
now, and whose fidelity to this Union never
failed in the darkest hour of its necessity, men
whose character and reputation, both public
and private, would not suffer in comparison
with those of any Senator on this floor. There-
fore, I insist upon it, whatever the honorably
Senator's objection may be to the passage of
this bill, that he was not at liberty to treat those
who shared in this effort with that apparent
contempt which his language would indicate.
But, sir, let us go a little further. I know
something of the West and of the necessities
of the western States and Territories. I assert
here that any man who will sit carefully down
and read the act organizing one of these Terri-
tories will find that it is not broad enough nor
deep enough nor wide enough to protect the
interests of a mighty growing people like that
of Colorado or Nevada, with the new interests
which those enactments did not contemplate ;
and therefore, as a matter of protection, they
require a State government. Sir, I have not
yet reached that point that I despise the day
of small things. The growth of Nevada or
the growth of Colorado will not be like the
growth of Vermont by any means. Vermont
has been growing for a century, and she is not
overgrown yet, but these Territories aud these
States leap at once, by the indisputable power
of the rush of emigration, into manhood. Tho
broad fields of the West for pastoral and agri-
cultural purposes invite emigration, and to-day
more bushels of grain are grown in Colorado
than in Vermont. Vermont is a purchaser of
Colorado. In addition to her precious metals
Colorado has far more inviting fields, her acres
are broader and deeper ; aud therefore the
growth of Vermont furnishes no parallel by
which the honorable Senator can judge of
these new States. Look at the city of Cheyenne
to-day upon the plains in a newly-organized
Territory, and it equals any city almost in the
State of Vermont. In point of population
Cheyenne to-day will equal, and more than
equal, Burlington or Bennington, or any of
those towns. Vermont's most energetic sons,
save the honorable Senator himself, are going
there, and they will he Vermonte'rs there.
But, sir, I have heard whispers here of a
growing jealousy of the West, and it all comes
from one direction. I share in none of these
prejudices. I appeal to Senators on this floor ;■ 
I appeal to the Senators from Massachusetts
and the Senators from New York, if my vote
has ever been cast up on any such ground of
jealousy of the East. No, sir; our growth
is the growth of the East. In the State of
Nevada will be found Massachusetts' most
enterprising sons ; and they brinjj with them
their institutions and the love for them that
