1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4S n
table purposes. That proposition would not
affect the appropriations we have already made,
but would establish a commission to have
control and direction in regard to the expendi-
ture of our appropriations, to exercise the
power of visitation and investigation, and to
report to us at every session the manner in
which the money has been disbursed. _
As matters now stand we go on making these
appropriations year after year, putting the
money into the hands, not of officers of the
Government giving bond for their^ fidelity, but
of the representatives of these various institu-
tions, who use the money as they please. Look
for one moment at the manner in which your
money has been applied, and observe how your
appropriations for this institution have grown
up. In 1864 there were twenty-four pupils in
this institution, and we appropriated $4,400.
In 1865 there were thirty- five pupils, and we ap-
propriated $7,500. In 1866 there were twenty-
two pupils, and we appropriated $12,500. In
1867, there were twenty-five pupils, and we
appropriated $20,434. For 1868 I have no
return of the number of pupils, but I believe
it was about the same ; ana in that year our
appropriation jumped up to $25,000.
Where does this amount go? Who has the
control of it? Practically in this way : the
superintendent of this institution takes this
money and puts it into his own pocket or into
the hands of those whom he chooses to employ
at whatever salary he may fix. As to the con-
trol of the board of directors of the institution
it amounts to nothing. Yet the House, when
this bill was under consideration heretofore,
refused to agree to the proposition for the ap-
pointment of a commission to superintend the
expenditure of our appropriations for these pur-
poses, to see that the money'is justly and fiiirly
used, to examine the accounts, and to report
to Congress the particulars of the disburse-
ment. And now, sir, the Senate have put in
this sum of $25,000 for expenses, &e., for the
coming year. I have submitted an amendment
to reduce the amoun| to $12,500. In 1866
there were twenty-two pupils, and we gave
them $12,500, an increase from the amount
appropriated the year before, which was $7,500.
I propose to give them this same amount of
$12,000 for this year. It is to pay the teachers
for this institution, and for the education of
the twenty-five pupils whom we undertake to
educate. I showed to the House the other day
that while it was our duty to educate these
pupils, we could send them to the best institu-
tions of this country and have them educated
better than they are educated here, and for
less than $7,000. I proposed an amendment
which was lost by only three votes, to the effect
that if this institution was to be kept here, and
if we are to make still further appropriations,
those appropriations shall not be more than I
have indicated in my amendment.
Now there is another question for you to
consider. Are you ready to make these appro-
priations for these private institutions, to build
up their immense buildings, their colleges, and
their out-buildings, and to furnish them with
everything, and at the same time to have no
control over the property? I showed you the
other day how much Congress had given for
this institution, and how much others had
given. I think the sum of sixteen or twenty
thousand dollars was about the amount con-
tributed by others,, while Congress has appro-
priated $325,000! And how much is it now
proposed to pay for this institution out of the
people's money? In the bill we passed theother
day there were $48,000 for putting up a build-
ing, and $3,000 for some other purpose. The
Senate propose to add to that $25,000 and
$3,500. That makes nearly eighty thousand
dollars which it is proposed to give to this
institution, when your constituents are already
groaning under taxation ; you propose to take
it from their pockets and give it to this private
institution. That is $70,000 more thau is
necessary in order to educate all these pupils
as they should be educated, and as I agree they
should be educated.
Now, if gentlemen have attended to the read-
ing of my substitute they will have seen that
it is simply a proposition to designate certain
parties to be a commission, to cost the Gov-
ernment nothing. It provides that this com-
mission shall take charge of the several amounts
thus appropriated. Now, wlieu you appro-
priate $25,000 or $12,500 for these teachers
out here is there anything wrong in having a
commission of our own to fix the salaries of
these teachers, to see that large and unjustifi-
able salaries are not paid to them, and that a
greater number arc not employed than there
is occasion for?
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. WELKER. I want to know whether
the effect of the gentleman's amendment will
not be to adopt these institutions as national
institutions. I observe that by the terms of
his amendment these institutions are to convey
their title to the property to the General Gov-
ernment or they cannot use the appropriations
made in the bill. And I want to know whether
the gentleman's proposition is to make this
Providence hospital in this city a national
institution ; and I also want to know whether
the gentleman's proposition is to make the
lying-in hospital a national institution? I
want to know whether the purport and effect
of the gentleman's amendment will not be to
make these institutions national, and compel
us hereafter to keep them up as such ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I answer
most unhesitatingly it would not. The very
effect of the amendment is to prevent that;
and I ask my friend from Ohio [Mr. Welker]
if he is willing to go on and build for every
kind of private corporation in this District
immense buildings and tax our constituents
to pay for them, costing many hundred thou-
sand dollars, and yet have no security in the
property and no control over it?
Mr. WELKER. Certainly not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now, I
do not wish to detain the House at tbis late
period of the session longer than I think it to
be my duty. As I said before, I deemed it my
duty to examine into the matter as a member
of the Committee on Appropriations. I did
examine intoit, and I have shown to the House
the state of things which exists in regard to the
deaf and dumb asylum. I insisted the other
day, and I insist now, that while we make these
appropriations we shall demand that there be
a commission appointed which shall have some
control over these expenditures. For instance,
here is an appropriation for the support of the
Columbia Hospital for Women aud Lying-in
Hospital, $15,000. Who is to control that
appropriation V As your laws now stand no-
body but the parties now in the institution.
They can do with the money as they please,
and we cannot help ourselves. I propose that
we shall adopt a remedy ; that while we give
that sum we shall have the means of knowing
that it has been properly expended.
Again, we have an appropriation for the
Providence Hospital in the District of Colum-
bia, $30,000. We have already, as I believe,
appropriated $120,000 for that hospital. It
is a private corporation, and private parties
have entire control over it. We have put up
a building there, and now we are asked to
appropriate $30,000. If you adopt the amend-
ment that I propose, which does not take away
the appropriation, at the commencement of
the next session of Congress you will have a
report as to how the money has been appro-
priated and expended.
Then there is another sum of $10,000 for
the National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans'
Home, a most benevolent^ object, and I do
not object to the appropriation. I believe the
appropriation is now honestly and carefully
administered by benevolent ladies of the high-
est character, who give their labors to the
object in the noblest spirit. But we have a
right to have our appropriations looked into
in this as well as in all other like matters, and
have a report upon the manner in which the
funds are used. I am certain those in control
of this matter will have no objection to this.
Then there is another sum of $12,000 for the
support and medical treatment of sixty tran-
sient paupers. That comes in the same cate-
gory as the other appropriations here, and
what I desire and what I demand is that when
we give these appropriations we shall have a
commission to control them, and a commission
that will report to us how that money has been
spent. That is all I desire to say.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not propose to take
up much of the time of the House. We have
heretofore very fully discussed this whole sub-
ject. I will only say in reply to my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Wasbburne]—for lam still
proud to call him roy friend, notwithstanding ho
says I indulged in some sharpness of rebuke on
a former occasion—I say in reply to him that I
feel as forcibly the obligations resting on the
members of the Committee on Appropriations
as that gentleman can possibly feel them, and
I think a majority of that committee are as
sensible of their duty to the public and the
people of this great country ; but we do not
always look upon the same matters in the sajne
light; we do not look at them through the same
medium, and it is not strange that there should
be a difference of opinion. The majority of
the Committee on Appropriations _ favor the
several items embraced in this bill, as well
in the original bill as it passed the House and
the Senate as in the amendment now ingrafted
on the bill by the action of the Senate; for let
it be understood that these amendments are
only the iteins embraced in the general chari-
table appropriation bill which is now in the
Committee of the Whole ou the state of the
Union, and which has once been considered
by the Committee of the Whole, excepting the
two last items ; it was left in an unfinished
state, and the Senate, fearing that there might
not be time to get that bill through the regular
channels, put these amendments into the other
bill and sent them to the House for its action ;
so that this bill, with the Senate amendments,
now embraces all the charitable appropriations
for the District of' Columbia which are recog-
nized and recommended by your Committee
on Appropriations.. We have reduced the
amount somewhat, but the committee do not
believe it to be desirable to adopt what the
gentleman from Illinois offered as a substitute
on a former occasion, and now proposes as an
amendment to the amendments of the Senate.
It is a provision forming what is called a " Com-
mission of Charities," and requiring these sev-
eral benevolent institutions, before they can
use one dollar of the money which the bill ap-
propriates, to convey to the United States
the whole title to their property.
Well, now, I wish to have it understood that
so far as it regards the Providence Hospital,
which is the institution of the Sisters of Charity,
here in the city of Washiugtou, we might just as
well strike out the appropriation at once, for we
ail know that they have a policy of their own
in regard to the holding of their real estate. I
do not sympathize with them religiously, but I
do sympathize with them in their charitable
disposition. We give this money to help them
to build a wing to their asylum for the sick,
poor, and distressed, who happen to fall within
the limits of the city of Washington.
Mr. WELKER. I ask my colleague to allow
a motion to be made to amend by striking out
this appropriation for the Providence Hospital.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I can allow
no further motion to amend, and the gentleman
knows I cannot, as the previous question has
, been seconded. 1 have, in the superabundance
: of my indulgence, allowed the gentleman from
Illinois to offer his two amendments.
Mr. WELKER. Will my colleague'allow
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. WashbukneJ
to amend his proposition so as to embrace that
Mr. SPALDING. I do not yield the floor.
The SPEAKER. A separate vote can be
demanded on each of the amendments of the
Senate.
