THE CONGRESSIONAL- ©LOBE
July 23,
]^Iv. SPALDING. I wish to say, if , the
House requires information on that subject,
that these institutions are in the hands of trus-
tees who manage their concerns. Now, the
imputation is a very gratuitous one, thrown out
by the learned gentleman from Illinois upon
the gentleman at the head of the institution
for the deaf and dumb, that he is expending
twenty or twenty-five thousand dollars a year
of the people's money, and paying himself aud
all under him just what sums he pleases with-
out any check or control upon him. That is
not so, and the gentleman knows it. In the
first place, there are trustees for the Columbia
Institution for the Deaf and Dumb. Congress
have heretofore appointed certain individuals
to act as- corporators of that institution, and
have from time to time put that institution
under such control as they in their wisdom saw
fit. They have now, in the bill as it has passed
the House and as it passed the Senate, pre-
vented that institution from parting with a
single foot of its land or a single dollar's worth
of its personal property for any other purpose
than for the purpose of the education of the
deaf and dumb. They cannot part with any
of their real estate at all without a special act
of Congress. Aud I say further, that if it bo
the pleasure of Congress to exact it at their
lianas, or whether it be or not, these trustees
hold this property only in trust for the use of
the deaf and dumb who are educated at that
institution, and it cannot be divetfed from that
purpose without the assent of OougrebS. The
courts of the land would never allow it; the prop-
erty was given for that purpose; the fund was
created for that purpose. These trustees are
entirely willing that the United States should
take a fee-simple title to every foot of their
land.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Spai.dino] quite clear that even an act
of Congress would authorize these trustees to
divest themselves of the title placed in them
by the original holder for a specific trust with-
out the consent of the party creating the
trust ?
Mr. SPALDING. I do not claim that a
donation for a particular purpose by an indi-
vidual can be perverted or diverted even by
consent of Congress.
Mr. MULL1NS. I want to ask the gentle-
man one question.
Mr. SPALDING-. Very well.
Mr. MULLINS. He states that there is a
provision m this bill prohibiting these parties
who own this properly from ever selling it,
unless by permission of Congress. Now, he
has just stated that it is impossible to do so
even by act of Congress. Aud hence it is a
difficulty with me all the time, which I should
like to have the gentleman explain.
Mr. SPALDING. If I was to stand here
and endeavor to explain all the scruples of my
learned and astute friend from Tennessee,
[Mr. Muixixs,] it would take up all the time
oftliisCongress. His colleague [Mr. Maykaud]
has made it clear by his statement. The courts
must enforce the trust, but they cannot take
it away from them. No State Legislature can
take it away from them; no Congress can do
it. The trust must be carried out according
to the purpose of the original donor. That is
all that the gentleman claims. The amend-
ment recommended by the committee of
course I ask may be adopted. But the first
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washbuiixe] is that the annual appro-
priation for the next fiscal year shall be cut
down from $25,000 to §12,500.
Mr. WELKER. Will my colleague [Mr.
Spalding] state how the title to the Provi-
dence Hospital is vested, and whether under
this bill that corporation could not convey to
the Government a good title to theirproperty ;
and also whether it is not an independent pri-
vate corporation holding its property for a
specific purpose ?
Mr. SPALDING. I understand that the
Providence Hospital, under control of the Sis-
ters of Charity, was incorporated by act of
Congress, the property being placed in the
hands of trustees. That is the way I under-
stand it; the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] understands better about that
matter than I do. That property is now in the
hands of trustees for the purpose of a hospital,
and these women are doing more good in the
District of Columbia in the way of charity, I
understand, than any other set of persons
whatever.
I was about to say when I was interrupted
that this appropriation of $125,000 ought not to
be cut down to $12,500, for the reason that
three years ago Congress established a colle-
giate department in the deaf and dumb insti-
tution, where all the arts and sciences are
taught in the highest branches, and where there
is a regular corps of professors and teachers.
That is the way the expenses have been in-
creased. Ten sLudents were received for edu-
cation in the higher branches in order to bo
fitted for teachers i-n similar institutions in the
different States. The appropriation for last
year was $25,000. The directors of the insti-
tution think they can receive an additional
number of fifteen students from the different
States, with a like appropriation of $25,000
for this year. If the appropriation is reduced
to §12,500 then that will be stopped; there is
no doubt about that.
We are satisfied, then, that the regular oper-
ations of the institution, as countenanced,
encouraged, aud directed by Congress, require
an outlay of $25,000 for the next fiscal year.
The $-18,000 which has passed both Houses is
intended to complete the unfinished building;
and the $U,000 is in the nature of a deficiency
to pay for the ten additional students who came
in last year from the different States.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman has alluded to
this donation—I may call it a donation—-of
$150,000 to assist the Sisters of Charity in finish-
ing the last wing of their hospital. It will
probably cost them more than twice that sum ;
but tliey raise the residue from private dona-
tions. Now, it is not to be presumed that they
arc going to convey the title of their whole in-
stitution to Congress, because Congress makes
a contribution of one third or one half of the
exoense of erecting a wing to their hospital.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will my
friend from Ohio give mo his attention for a
moment ?
Mr. SPALDING. I cannot yield any further
time, because I must dispose of this subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If you
will give me just a moment, it will facilitate
this matter.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not yield. Mr.
Speaker, I now say in conclusion that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations recommend concur-
rence in the Senate amendments with amend-
ments which they themselves have attached.
They recommend in the strongest terms that
the amendments now proposed by the gentle-
man from Illinois upon his own responsibility
be voted down. I hope that will be done. I
leave the whole question with the House. I
yield to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
mayxard.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say a word,
Mr. Speaker, upon the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washbub.nis,] pro-
posed, as I understand, upon his own individ-
ual responsibility and not with the sanction of
the committee. It proposes to create in the
District of Columbia a commission of charities,
to consist of the chief justice of the supreme
court of the District, the Secretary of the In-
terior, the Surgeon General, the chief of the
Bureau of Medical Surgery in the Navy, and
the Commissioner of Public Buildings and
Grounds. I submit that we have no authority
to impose this duty upon these several officials.
If they should undertake it in compliance with
this legislation, it would be a purely voluntary
and gratuitous act on their part. Administer-
ing charities here constitutes no part of their
regular official duties ; and how they would be
likely to admiuister this newly-imposed task
we can very well understand, if we imagine such
an obligation imposed unwillingly upon us in
addition to our other obligations and our other
official duties.
When we accepted the ten miles square from
the States of Maryland aud Virginia, we did it
under the constitutional provision and guarantee
that we were to exercise exclusive legislative
power over this District and the people resid-
ing here. 1 submit that we ought to provide
for these peoj^le charities and charitable insti-
tutions, at leastcommensurate with thosewhich
the people of the several States provide for
themselves. The legislation now contemplated
does nothing more than that; it does not do so
much as roanv of the States have done for
themselves. All these institutions have their
own appropriate boards of supervision, consist-
ing of persons interested in the great objects for
which they were established and endowed; and
I submit respectfully to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, or any who may hold similar views, that
it is better to leave these charities in the hands
of those whom we must admit have efficiently
and effectively administered them, and not
seek to put them in the hands of a board such
as is proposed to be constituted here. We
have alieady, I am reminded, provided for the
appointment of three members of Congress to
serve upon the board of directors of the insti-
tution for the deaf and dumb. Their efficiency
in that capacity will of course depend very much
upon their disposition to act on that board.
Mr. MULLINS. 1 wish to ask my colleague
whether the appointment of members of Con-
gress to be directors of this institution is not
liable to the same objection as the appoint-
ment of the commission proposed by the gen-
tleman from Illinois ? Is not the time of mem-
bers of Congress as much taken up as that of
the officers named in the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois?
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the gentleman
will see a very wide difference between the ap-
pointment of three members of Congress to
act with the board already in existence, and
the designation of these officials 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. With the
consent of the gentleman from Tennessee, I
wish to say that, if I recollect aright, we have
by our amendment put the expenditure under
the supervision of the Surgeon General.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is as far as the hos-
pital is concerned. I am speaking of other
charities. But I will not prolong these re-
marks.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Theprin-
cipal point of objection is the transfer of
property. I will strike that section out and
modify my amendment. I understand that
will be satisfactory to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who has more
knowledge on this subject than any of us.
First amendment of the Senate:
Add tho following:
^ Sec. —. Andbe it further enacted, That tlie follow-
mgsurns be, and the name are hereby, appropriated,
lor tho purposes hereinafter expressed, tor the tiseai
year ending June 30,1869.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Add as follows •
G?™totI?St-alfor the In-aneintheDi..
incidental expenses, feyc.500. -caaom. 13, ana
Ihe Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrencc.
lhe amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Add as follows:
uifiriSS of "ho" oal'wfnh.tof?hand th«
edifice, $7,000. 8 of tho main hospual
