3S50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
makes it a loyal State. In Colorado will be
found the sons of Vermont. They bring with
them the habits of industry and economy and
frugality which stamp New England's great-
ness everywhere, and the West glories in it.
It is this combined energy, this emigrating
power of the older States, that is building up
new ones like the gourd in the night, that will
reflect back the principles of New England
improved by their expansion upon the broad
plains of the West. Sir, I hope we shall hear
no more of that jealousy. It was a similar cry
that once rent this Union in twain—North;
South! I appeal to the Senator from Vermont
if there has not been a new birth of this nation.
We are one and indivisible. I share in the
honor and glory of Colorado as much as I do
in that of Vermont or Nevada.
■ I repudiate the idea that the people of Col-
orado are asking anything that the Govern-
ment has not invited them to ask. This is the
feast to which the Government invited them,
and they come as soon as they may. They
have come here clad in the garments of loy-
alty to this Government, and I insist upon it
that the honorable Senator from Vermont is
not at liberty to treat them with that disrespect
which he so earnestly and so short-handedly
did this morning.
Wc had the question up a year or two ago,
and the honorable Senator on my left [Mr.
Sumner] took grounds against it, because he
wanted a greater number of population. Sir,
it does not make so much odds what the number
is as what the quality is. That is what makes
a State, the energy of the people. What are
•you going to do with Colorado? You have
admitted Nebraska on the one side with a
population less than hers, or no more ; you
have admitted Nevada on the other to the
same feast, on the same invitation; and now
the honorable Senator from Vermont rises here
and says to Colorado, "Notwithstanding you
are invited and the feast prepared, yet two
meals have been eaten, and you shall nothave
the other; we are going to keep that in
reserve until you grow to be a great people."
Look at the reasoning of the honorable Sena-
tor. He is going to wait until they grow up
sufficiently to make two or three States before
he will admit them. What a sensible thing
that will be, to keep these Territories until
they get population enough to make two Or
three States, so that they can be divided up!
Why did you not think of that when you
admitted Arkansas? Why did you not think
of that when you admitted Florida? Why did
you not think of that in the case of Rhode
Island? We poll more votes in my State to-
day than they do in the State of Rhode island;
and yet we find no fault about it. To be sure,
we are not all huddled in together as they are
there; but we are spread out upon wide
extended plains, and in the mountain gorges:
but what of that? We are one people. We
are there beating the mountains fine, in scrip-
tural parlance, and filling up the valleys; and
yet to-day, with the marks of our swaddling
clothes still upon us, the whistle of the engine
and the rattling of the train is heard in that
new-born State.
But my honorable friend says he would keep
us in a territorial condition until we get large
enough to make three or four States, so that
Congress could cut it up and equalize it. Why,
sir, the claim of the West is that New England
has got too small Stales. She huddles twelve
Senators right in a nest there. I share not in
that feeling. The complaint of the Bast is that
the States of the West are too large ; but that
gives the East always the preponderance. Sir,
who would strike at Ohio because she is larger
thau Vermont? Who would strike otf Illinois,
admitted with a population of forty-five thou-
sand, because she spreads so widely over the
prairies, and to-day attracts the eyes of the
world for her aggregated wealth ? Who would
strike Wisconsin, because she is larger than
Massachusetts, from the sisterhood of States?
Who that has looked at the growth of the great
Northwest, magical as it has been, would com-
pel the new communities springing up thereto
wait until by the plodding necessities of New
England, Vermont included, they wended their
way in wagons there, until they had population
enough to be cut up into two or three States?
Sir, I repudiate that idea. I say thattlie faith
of this nation is pledged to admit Colorado.
She lies now right at the gateway of this
mighty West. The whistle is first heard upon
her domain across the Missouri, and its last
notes sound as it goes into the gorges of the
Rocky mountains. With widespread pastoral
fields, with fields now waving with the ripening
grain, with mines rich in themselves, with an
energetic population—all save one, and thatis
Teller—she asks to be admitted. She has
stood here by her representatives and knocked
until their knocks have gone far into the night
in response to our own invitation. It is time
that we should let this people in, and have none
of this little jealousy.
Mr. President, I insist upon it that the Com-
mittee on Territories, when they laid this
report on the honorable Senator's desk, laid it
there with full as much confidence in its cor-
rectness as he has in the statements of Mr.
Teller. There is the fruit of the examination
of the committee; and I can say that this sub-
ject has not only been examined now, but it
has been under the examination of that com-
mittee for more than two years.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask my
friend from Nevada a question which I think
is material to the decision we are about to
make. I want to ask him the population of
Colorado, and what data and what evidence he
has got on that subject?
Mr. NYE. I was coming to that. I read
from the report of the committee:
"The Commissioner of the Senertil Land Office"—
who is generally suspected to have about as
much information as Teller—
"in his last report estimates the present population
of Colorado at about one hundred thousand. Others
estimate it at from seventy-five to one hundred
thousand. While these may be over estimates, the
facts above cited show that thirty or forty thousand,
as claimed by the opponents of admission, must be
too low."
Then it goes on to state the population of
other States at the time of their admission:
"Ohio was admitted in 1802. The census of 1800
gave her a population of forty-five thousand and
twenty-eight."
Mr. PESSENDEN. What was the ratio of
representation then?
Mr. NYE. I do not remember—less than
it is now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was not that popula-
tion then equal to the ratio ?
Mr. SUMNER. That was required under
the ordinance that there should be enough for
a member.
Mr. NYE. Does the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts mean to say that it was
very irregular or illegal to admit a State with
less population than that?
Mr. SUMNER. I simply mean to say that
the rule under the original" ordinance for the
Northwest Territory required that there should
be population enough to ehoosc one Represent-
ative in the House of Representatives?
Mr. NYE. I undertake to say that accord-
ing to that rule Ohio had not enough ; and
there was no rule then existing that does not
exist now for the admission of States. I
undertake to say that the rule stands as it has
ever stood, precisely; and I assert that at the
time Ohio was admitted she had not the re-
quisite number for a Representative in Con-
gress; neither had Illinois. I read from the
report of the committee:
" Illinois was admitted in 1818. The census of 1820
two years after, gave her a white population of
53,188. Pour years after the admission of Florida,
o°n~us of 1850 gave her a white population of
4i ,20.3. Two years alter the admission of Oregon the
census of I860 gave her a population of 52,337. The
census of 1820 gave the white population of Missouri
at 5o,9S8. She made application that year, and was
finally admitted in 1821. A number ot other States
were admitted with evidence of no more population
than is indicated in Colorado."
Now, Mr. President, I have to say, in con-
clusion^ that the reason that would exist, and
did exist, in 1818 and 1820, cannot by any
possibility apply now. The olden time lias
passed away, and all things have become new.
States are born with a rapidity that would have
astonished the men of tfiat day, and they are
peopled with a rapidity which no human head
can calculate. Sir, the great national thorough-
fare through Colorado will, in two or three
years, take by its cheap and rapid communi-
cation to that State a population equal to Ver-
mont. The State of Nevada, to which my col-
league on the committee alluded, will have
a population of one hundred thousand ere
autumn comes. I see my honorable friend
from Maine [Mr. Fessendex] smiles. I
hope he smiles with gladness at the prospect.
Now the State of California, just born, sends
out more from her borders to-day than any
other State in the Union, and her fields are
not half touched.
A word more, sir, and I shall have done.
The committee, at its last meeting, reported
an amendment to this bill which takes away
all the objections of the Senator from Ver-
mont. The Senators-elect from Colorado had
been here so long waiting for my honorable
friend's and other's minds to open to the
occasion, that they thought their time was
served out, and in order to prevent any feel-
ing upon that score, the committee reported
an amendment providing for a new election
of a Legislature, with this proviso added to that
section :
Provided, That before being admitted to represent-
ation in Congress, the Legislature so elected and
convened shall ratify the amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States, known as the fourteenth
article, and also the fundamental conditions herein
imposed. And in case said Legislature shall refuse
to ratify said amendment and said conditions this
act shall he null and void.
If the honorable Senator has faith in the
representation of Mr. Teller, that the people of
Colorado do not want to become a State, let
him vote for this bill, and they will have in two
months the opportunity to say so by their vote.
Before they can come into the Union, a new
Legislature must be elected and convened, and
that Legislature must ratify the constitutional
amendment. Thus the people of Colorado
have the full opportunity of deciding upon the
question whether they; will be admitted or not,
and I contend that it is not fair to avoid re-
submitting the opportunity this bill presents
to Colorado of becoming one of the family of
this nation. It is due to their interests, it
is due to the interests of this Government, it is
due to the growing interests of that people,
that they should have the protection which
only a State government can give.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I bad supposed, from
the statement made by the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Yates,] that this bill would excite
very little controversy. I understood from his
statement made on Friday 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the
Senator from Indiana yield to me for a few
moments, that I may say a few words to the
Senator from Nevada?
Mr. HENDRICKS. With great pleasure.
Mr. _ MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, it is, perhaps, unfortunate that I should
have permitted myself to say anything on this
subject; but if I had not, I should never have
given the chance for the exhibition of wit which
the Senator from Nevada always has at Ms dis-
posal ; but take away the perversions, take
away the misstatements, not intentional, of
course, as to what I said, and there will be very
little foundation for any of the remarks of the1.
Senator from Nevada. I have said nothing'
derogatory of Colorado, or of any of her citi-
zens. I merely called attention to the fact, as
I believe, that she has an insufficient popula-
tion to support a State government or to entitle
her to representation in Congress. I believe
the fact to be so, and notwithstanding the state-
ments here of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office upon no substantial basis that
I am aware of, that he thinks there is a popu-
lation of eighty or one hundred thousand inhab-
