2326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April21,
a discharge, though they may not be able to
pay fifty per cent, of their debts.
It is for us to decide whether it is proper to
ingraft upon our permanent system of bank-
ruptcy a provision that a man shall be dis-
charged from his debts, whatever may be the
per cent, he may be able to pay; and I would
vote upon this provision precisely as if it were
to be incorporated in those very terms in a
permanent system of bankruptcy. For if you
find in a bundle of petitions that may be pre-
sented a reason for extending the provision
another year it is equivalent to a permanent
extension. It is equivalent to ingrafting upon
the bankrupt law of the country a provision
that a man shall be entitle! to discharge from
his debts without regard to the amount that he
may pay. Hence we are brought to this sim-
ple question—and I trust no member will vote
upon this bill with any other view—shall we
incorporate into the permanent system of
bankruptcy in this country a provision that a
debtor sliail be entitled to his discharge, whether
he pay much or whether he pay little?
I suppose, sir, that one object, in framing
our system of bankruptcy, was to hold out to
an insolvent at the earliest period of his in-
solvency an inducement to an equal distribu-
tion of all his property among his creditors:
so that"amati, at the first moment he finds him-
self insolvent, may come forward and say to
his creditors, " I am unable to pay my debts ;
take what I have and give me a discharge."
But under the provision here proposed an in-
solvent willbe entitled to his discharge, whether
he pays much or little. Thus he will be tempted
to go 011 involving himself more and more and
jeoparding more and more the interests of his
creditors. Forhohimselfrunsnori.sk; lieis
entitled to his discharge at any future period,
whatever he may have done with his cstctte,
however he may have squandered it in specu-
lations or unwise business operations ; though,
when he knew himself insolvent, he may still
have gone on increasing his debts, taking
advantage of the credit system of the country,
and involving his business connections in deeper
and deeper indebtedness. There will be 110
inducement to an early application for the bene-
fits of this law, because a man can always rely
on obtaining those benefits just as well in the
future as at present.
Mr. JENCKES. I cannot yield further for
the discussion of a question that is not properly
before the House. I must resume the iloor.
It is entirely true, as the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has stated, that the
original bankrupt bill was defeated once or
twice because of the opposition of the mem-
bers from Massachusetts to the bill without this
clause in it. And I will say that a similar clause
exists in only one bankrupt or insolvent law in
the world j and that is the insolvent law of
Massachusetts. No such provision exists in the
bankrupt law of England or of Scotland or
in the bankrupt laws of any of the continental
nations of Europe. No such provision was ever
incorporated in any bankrupt act in this coun-
try, or, so far as I am aware, in the law of any
other civilized country.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow
me for one moment?
Mr. JENCKES. In a moment. I wish the
'House to understand the point. What I have
said explains why the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is so strenuous for this clause; but
agreeing it should be inserted, we now ask that
the time in which its operation shall commence
shall be extended and nothing more, and we
ask that it shall be extended, for the same rea-
son it was extended at the outset. We find
those classes of cases still exist. We raise no
question of propriety in retaining this section.
It is a question of time as to when it shall first
take effect, and that alone. Hence 1 object to
the gentleman's arguing the broad question
whether such a clause should be in or ®ut of
such a statute. It is not before us.
Mr. DAWES rose.
Mr. JENCKES. I yield for a question, but
not for a speech.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is mistaken
when he says this was put in at the instance
of the Massachusetts delegation. It is true
this is copied from the Massachusetts law; and
the gentleman will allow me to give him the
experience of Massachusetts in reference to
this provision.
Mr. JENCKES. I understand that as well
as the gentleman himself.
Mr. DAWES. I know the gentleman does.
Mr. JENCKES. Therefore I agreed to the
retention of the clausc.
Mr. DAWES. Let me state it to the House.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman has stated
it.
Mr. WAS1IBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman does not, mean to call for the pre-
vious question until the matter has been dis-
cussed.
Mr. JENCKES. Not until there has beeu
a full and fair discussion.
Mr. DAWES. I do not wish to interrupt
the gentleman, but I should like to have a few
moments.
Mr. JENCKES. How long?
Mr. DAWES. Such time as suits the gen-
tleman.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour
expires at three o'clock.
Mr. JENCKES. I will give the gentleman
ten minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I am obliged to the gentle-
man.
Mr. Speaker, this provision is incorporated
from the Massachusetts law,and Massachusetts
members have had experience a.nd Massachu-
setts herself has had experience under this law.
The insolvent law of Massachusetts, so largely
incorporated in the gentleman's bill, did not
originally have this provision in it. It was not
until after twenty years' experience of the law
that this provision was inserted in it. The
effect was this : that the moment a man found
himself insolvent, and before he found him-
self so deeply insolvent that ho could not pay
fifty cents 011 the dollar, he said" to himself,
" I will now distribute my property among my
creditors before I sink below the fifty per cent.;
and I can then obtain a full discharge without
the concurrence of one half of my creditors."
The effect was an early distribution of every
insolvent's estate. It worked so well in Mas-
sachusetts that it saved the insolvent law of
Massachusetts from repeal after twenty years'
experience of that law which the gentleman
from Rhode Island lias taken bodily into his
bankrupt law.
The insolvent law of Massachuctts is a
most perfect system; and, sir, nothing better
could be said in support of that law than that
the gentleman from Rhode Island has incor-
porated all or nearly all of its essential pro-
visions in his law. lie took the provision in
reference to the fifty per cent, from that law,
but ho suspended its operation for one year.
That was time enough to allow those who
were deeply involved to take advantage of the
law, to commence proceedings and to get a
discharge; but the gentleman now proposes to
extend it for another year. I submit to the
House that the postponement of another year
amounts to a postponement entirely of this
provision of the bankrupt law. It will act as
a great "hopper" through which all fraud-
ulent debtors will go to strip themselves of
their obligations. If you desire to have a
healthy system of bankruptcy, one which will
secure the most to the creditors and relieve
the honest debtor from the first moment he
becomes convinced of his insolvent condition—
which is the only honest basis upon which a
bankrupt law can rest—you must hold out to
him the inducement to distribute his property
immediately, for it goes upon the principle,
and it can rest upon®no other principle than
that, that it is fraudulent for a man to continue
to contract debts after he knows that he is
unable to pay them in full.
I desire, therefore, to test the sense of the
House by moving to strike out the first section
of the bill, if the gentleman will permit me to
do so, because it is nothing more nor less than
an attempt to place this bankrupt law upon
such a basis that a man can fraudulently go to
the extent of the pati'ence of his creditors into
bankruptcy and into speculation and ruin, car-
rying down not only himself but his trusting
creditors, and then avail himselfofthe provisions
of this law with all the benefits which he would
have if he was compelled by it to go into bank-
ruptcy and distribute his property the moment
he found himself unable to pay his debts. You
cannot maintain your law on any such system
as that. If the gentleman from Rhode island
cares to know what has been the experience
of the only State in this Union that has had
a bankrupt law for twenty years, I assure him
that we could not have maintained our law in
Massachusetts without this provision, compel-
ling insolvents in our State to go into bank-
ruptcy and distribute their property, and cease
to attempt the fraud of contracting new debts
after they have found they were unable to pay
them.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Rhode Island yield to allow the gentleman
from Massachusetts to move to strike out the
first section of the bill?
Mr. JENCKES. No, sir; I cannot yield
for that purpose.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for two minutes?
Mr. JENCKES. Yes, sir.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, few members
of this House were in favor of the provision
which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] so eloquently advocates here to-day—
the provision that the debtorshould be stripped
by compulsory bankruptcy of all his estate and
yet not be discharged of his debts unless his
estate should pay fifty per cent. I know very
well that there were many members in this
House opposed to the enactment of the bank-
rupt law on any terms. There was also a large
section of the House in favor of it without this
objectionable feature which the gentleman from
Massachusetts so earnestly defends. These
opposing parties were almost equally balanced.
It happened that the gentleman and his friends
held the balance of power, and thus a very few
members of the House were able to say "'un-
less you incorporate this feature into the bill it
shall not become a law." But there never was
a day when there was half of the House, or
one third of the House, or, I think I may say,
even one fourth of the House, in favor of the
proposition upon which the gentleman now so
zealously insists.
Sir, the whole principle of involuntary bank-
ruptcy involved in this bill is, and always has
been, most distasteful to a large portion of the
people of the Wrest. We were satisfied with,
and in favor of, the voluntary provisions of
this act for the most part, but we had, and we
have to-day, in all the western States abundant
machinery provided by our own local laws for
the accomplishment of all the objects secured
by this law, so far as its provisions for invol-
untary bankruptcy are concerned; and we
could never have been reconciled to this legis-
lation unless this clause had been incorporated
in it which postponed for one year the taking
eifect of that provision under which a debtor
dragged into involuntary bankruptcy could be
deprived of all his property, and yet if he did
not pay fifty per cent, of his debts could have
no discharge.
Sir, the gentleman's arguments are all aimed
against the postponement of the takin" effect
of the fifty per cent, provision in cases "of vol-
untary bankruptcy. They have no weight as
against such postponement in cases of involun-
tary bankruptcy. The gentleman says it would
be all wrong to permit a voluntary bankrupt to
receive a complete discharge at the close of a
mad career of speculation without paying half
of his; debts. But, sir, how is it with tfe in-
voluntary bankrupt who is struggling tODar hi«
debts, and has estate enoughfo ply S ?
dently ^
and sold outuuder the h^mei^L not
