1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
mm
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Add as follows:
Columbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb:
For tbe support of the institution, including $1,000
for books and illustrative apparatus, $25,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The first question recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, to reduce
the appropriation to $12,600.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
53, noes 43 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. WEi.KERand
Mr. Spaldixg were appointed.
The House was again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 65, noes 46.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Add as follows:
For the proper inelosure. improvement, and en-
largement of the grounds of the institution, in accord-
ance with plans heretofore submitted to Congress,
$5,600.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence, with an amendment, to re-
duce the appropriation to $3,600.
The amendment to the Senate amendment
was agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Add as follows:
Columhia Hospital for Women and Lying-in
Asylum :
For the support of the asylum, over and above the
probable amount which will be received from inde-
pendent or pay patients, §15,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Add as follows:
For the completion of the Providence Hospital in
"Washington city. District of Columbia, $30,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence, with the following proviso :
Provided. That the expenditures for said Provi-
dence Hospital under appropriations of Congress
shall be made underthe direction and control of the
Snrgeon General of the Army, whose duty it shall be
to report at the December session of every Congress a
full and complete statement of theexpenses incurred
under and by virtue of appropriations made by Con-
gress.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; and then the Senate amendment,
as amended, was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Add as follows:
For the National Soldiers, and Sailors' Orphan
Home, in tho city of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, $10,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Add as follows:
For c;lre, support, and medical treatment of sixty
transient paupers, medical and surgical patients, m
some proper medical institution in the eity of AVash-
iuuton, under a contract to be formed with such in-
stitution, i?12,000, orso much thcreofasmay be neces-
saiy.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend c incurrence, with the following proviso :
P nuided, That said contract shall be made by the
SuiHt-'on General of the Army, who shall report to
tbe December session of every Congress, stating with
whom said contract was made and the amount and
nature thereof.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; and the Senate amendment, as
amended, was then concurred in.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
modified it by leaving out the section in refer-
eno. to (lie transfer of the property.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope it will not be
adopted.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
50, noes 49.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 58, notvoting
71 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Boles, Boutwell,
Bowen. Boyden, BromweU,Buckland, Buckley, Ben-
jarainF. Butler,Cailis.Cburcliill, Header \V. Clarku,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Oul-
lom, Delano, Dockery, Driggs, Bggleston. Fams-
worth, Ferriss, Fields, G-op51, Gravely, Griswold, Hal-
sey, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hill, Hinds, Hopkins. Uotch-
k\ss, Hunter, Johnson, Judd, Kolley, Keliogg,
Ketcham, Laflin, Lash, William Lawrence, Lin-
coin, Loan, Logan, Loughridpce, Mar,-hall, McClurg,
MeKee, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Mullins, Nunn,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Plants, Polsley, Pom-
eroy, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Sypher, Taylor,
Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Elihu B. Washburne, Ilenr^ 1). Washburn,
William B. Washburn, W>!ker, VVhittemore. Wil-
liam Williams, James F. Wilson, John T.Wilson,
and Stephen F. Wilson—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Arnell. Delos K. Ashley,
Axtell, Baldwin, Beck, Blair, Boyer, Brooks,Broom-
all, Dawes, Dixon, Ecklcy, Eliot, Garfield,Getz, Gol-
laday, Grover, Hai£?ht, Haughey, Higby, Chester D.
Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L.Jones, Kelsey.Kerr, Knott, Koontz, Mal-
lory, Maynard, McCullough. Myers, JUblack, Nich-
olson, O'Neill, Pierce. Pile, Poland, Randall. Raum,
Ross, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Thaddeus Stevens. Stokes, Taber, Thomas, Lawrence
S. Trimble. Upson, Van Aulten, Van Trump, Win-
dom. Wood, and Woodward—58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Bailey,
Banks,Barnes, Bfirnum, Beaman, Benjamin, Black-
bum, Blaine, Burr, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cary,
Chanler, Cornell, Deweese, Dodge, Donnelly, Ela,
Eldridge, Kerry,Finney, Fox, French, Glossbrenner,
Harding, Ileaton, Hohnan, Hooper, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Julian, Kitchen, George V. Lawrence, Lynch.Mann,
Marvin, McCarthy, McCormick, Moorhead, Morrell,
Morrisscy, Mungon, Noweomh, Newsbnm, Norris,
Phelps, iJikc, Price, Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson,
Roots, Selye, Shanks, ShcUabarger, Aaron F. Ste-
vens, Stewart, Stone, Tnffe, John Trimble, Twieh-
ell, RobertT. Van llom. Vidal. Ward, CadwaladerO.
NVashburn, Thomas Williams, and Woodbridge—71.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Senate also have
amended the title by adding the words i 1 and
for other purposes."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the title farther by inserting the words
" for charities.''
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
Senate covers that. Besides, the amendment
can be entertained only by unanimous consent,
the previous question operating.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 call for a vote on the
amendment to the title.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the various amendments were
concurred and non-concurred in ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the resolution of the House
fixing a day for the adjournment of Congress,
with the following amendment, in which he was
directed to request the concurrence of the
House:
Strike out all of said resolution_ after the word
" concurring," and insert tbe following:
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives on Monday, the 27th
day of July, at twelve o'clock meridian, adjoin n their
respective Houses until the third Monday of Septem-
ber: and on that d;iy, unless it, be then _ otherwise
ordered by the two Houses, they further adjourn their
respective Houses until the lirst Monday of Decem-
ber, 1808.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendment of the
House to the bill (S. No. 481) to confirm
the title to certain lands in the State of Ne-
braska.
Also, that the Senate had disagreed to the
amendments of the House to the bill (S. Ko.
207) for funding the national debt and for the
conversion of the notes of the United States.
Also, that the Senate insisted upon its amend-
ments, disagreed to by the House, to the bill
(H. R. No. 1010) relating to pensions, agreed
to the committee of conference asked fffv
by the House, and had appointed Messrs. v as
Winkle, Ramsey, and Fowler as conferees
on the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate had passed ajointre's-
olution (S. No. 161) in relation to the coast
defense, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested. * > •'
ENROLLED BrLLS. - f
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported thatthe
committee had examined and found,truly en;,
rolled bills of the following titles j when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. li. No. 1376) for the relief of .the
loyal Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians 3 and
An act (H. R. No. 451) providing for the
sale of the arsenal grounds at St. Louis and
Liberty, Missouri, and for other purposes.
adjournment of congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call up
from the Speaker's table the resolution in rela-
tion to adjournment.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the Senate :
In tiie Senate of.the United States,
July 22, iam. ■
Resolved, That the Senate agree to the resolution
of the llouse of Representatives fixing a day for tho
adjournment of Congress, with the following amend-
ment :
Strike out all of said resolution after the word
"concurring," and insert, "That the President of
tne Senato and the Speaker of the House, on iVIoiiday,
the 27th day of July, at twelve o'clock meridian, ad-
journ their respective Houses until the third Monday
of September; and on that day, unless it be then other-
wise ordered by the two Houses, tboy further adjourn
their respective Houses until the first Monday of
December, 1868."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does itnot
require unanimous consent to bring this reso-
lution up at this time ?
The SPEAKER. Itis privileged, and comes
up whenever there is no other business before
the House. Re.^olutions in regard to the ad-
journment of Congress are always regarded as
privileged. That is the uniform practice.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to say that while this resolution does not meet
with my entire concurrence, and is not what I
would have liked, yet I think it will meet the
concurrence of a majority of the House. If
adopted I have no doubt that all the business
will be finished by Saturday, and we will only
keep in session till Monday for the purpose ot
having the President report the signing of some
bills. If the resolution should be adopted the
session will practically end on Saturday.
Mr. UPSON. How about the tax bill ?
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
signed.
Mr. UPSON. I understand it is not signed.
Mr. PAINE. Will tbe gentleman yield to
me a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My friend
from Illinois [Mr. Cook] has an election case
pending, but he consented I should test the
sense of the House upon this resolution. I clo
not feel, therefore, like yielding unless the
majority of the House desire it.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman having made
his remarks prevents anybody else from saying
anything.
Mr. MILLER. I would inquire whether all
the bills will be returned from the President by
Monday?
Mr. LOGAN, We have the assurance that
one of our most important bills has been signed
already.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was
informed a moment ago by the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] that the tax bill was
signed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say that no-
body knows that it has been signed. 'The
Commissioner of Internal Revenue was sent
for to read it over with the Secretary of the
Treasury, and that has led to an inference
that it lias been signed.
Mr. PAINE. Will thegefitieman from Illi-
nois yield to me?
