1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1303
by Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illinois, to the amend-
ment of Mr. Pile, to strike out "twenty" and
insert "five;" so that it would read: "For
arsenal at St. Louis, Missouri, $5,000;" and
being put, the amendment to the amendment
was agreed to—ayes G6, noes 32.
Mr. Pile's amendment, as amended, was
then adopted.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I now move to strike
oiit lines one hundred and fifty-nine and one
hundred and sixty,"as follows:
For Watervliet arsenal, "West Troy, New York,
320,(110.
Mr. PRUYN. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope not.
Mr. VAN WYCK. i see no necessity for
the appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Van Wyck; and upon a division there
were—ayes twenty-nine, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For Augusta arsenal, Augusta, Georgia, $10,000.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move to strike out that
paragraph.
The question was taken on the motion to
strike out; and there were, upon a division—
ayes twenty-nine, noes not counted.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following :
For Baton Rouge arsenal, Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
$7,500
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move to strike out that
paragraph.
The motion to strike out was. not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For Benicia arsenal, Benicia, California, 510,000.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move to strike out that
paragraph.
The question was taken on the motion to
strike out; anu upon a division there were—
ayes sixteen, noes not counted.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following :
For Vancouver arsenal, Vancouver, Washington
Territory, $5,000.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move to strike out
that paragraph.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The Clerk' resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. COB URN. T move to amend the bill
by striking out the last paragraph, as follows :
For the preservation and necessary repairs of the
fortifications and other works of deiense, §200,000.
I desire to inquire of the gentleman in
charge of this bill, [Mr. Blaine,] what this
appropriation is to be used for ?
Mr. BLAINE. ^ I am glad the gentleman
has made the inquiry. It is not the intention
of the Committee on Appropriations, unless
they are directed so to do by_ the House, to
report a fortification appropriation bill. As
members will see, by referring to the Book of
Estimates on their tables, one item asked for
is $2,245,000 for the various fortifications of
the country. We do not intend to recommend
the passage of a bill making any such appro-
priation. But there is a certain amount of
money needed to keep the fortifications from
going to raclr and ruin. And an investigation,
made in connection with the Engineer Bureau,
led the committee to believe that $200,000 was
about the smallest amount that could safely
be allowed for that purpose. That is more
than two million dollars less than the estimate.
Mr. COBURN. ITow many fortifications
and what are they that are to be preserved?
Mr. BLAINE. There are fortifications all
ovcrthecountry. The gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr Cobcbn,] who has himself been a dis-
tinguished officer of the Army, certainly ought
to know more about them than I do. lhere
are fortifications all along the Atlantic coast, all
along the lake coasts, and all over the coun-
try. It is not intended to build any new forti-
fications, but simply to make the necessary
repairs upon and to preserve those already in
existence.
Mr. COBURN. I see by the estimate sub-
mitted, calling for 52,246,000 for fortification
purposes, that some thirty-five fortifications
are named. Now, I do not think it would be
a difficult matter for the War Department to
submit to this House detailed estimates for the
repairs of those fortifications.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not see what good it
would do for General Humphreys, the chief
of engineers, to send here a detailed statement
of where the brick and mortar of this fort, or the
wall of that fort are in decay. We propose to
give him $200,000, and trust the matter where
it must be trusted—with those who must have
the expenditure of the money.
Mr. COBURN. I am not willing to vote
$200,000 away in this manner. I ask a vote
on my motion to strike out.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. N1BLACK. I move to amend this par-
agraph by decreasing the amount $1,000. I
make this motion, Mr. Chairman, in order to
get some information, if I can, about some of
the items in this bill which we have already
passed upon and adopted. The gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] in opening the argu-
ment yesterday assured the committee that the
Army was-now costing the country, man for
man, much less than in years gone by, when
we paid gold for all the expenditures of our
Army. That struck me as being a most extraor-
dinary statement; and before this debate is
closed I am anxious to hear what the estimates
of the Committee on Appropriations are as to
the comparative cost of supporting the Army
now and heretofore. Everything else is cost-
ing us much-more than formerly, and I would
like to understand why the Army is costing us
proportionably so much less. I would like
also to be informed what assurances the com-
mittee have that the amount appropriated by
this bill, being so much smaller than previous
appropriations, will be sufficient for the pur-'
pose of sustaining the Army during the coming
fiscal year. For my own part, I confess my in-
credulity on the subject; and my interpretation
of the action of the committee is that in view
of a pending presidential election, in view of
the many-well founded charges of extravagance
made for several years past in regard to public
expenditures, the committee yielding, perhaps,
to those influences which affect too many men
in public positions, had not the moral^courage
—I say it with all respect to the committee—to
report and recommcnd the appropriations ab-
solutely necessary for the support of the Army
as at present organized and distributed for the
coming fiscal year. I here in my place to-day
predict that if this appropriation bill shall be-
come a law, without any increase of the items
which we have already passed in the Committee
of the Whole, we shall next year, after the
elections are over, be met by the largest defi-
ciency bill that was ever reported to any Con-
gress which ever assembled under this Gov-
ernment.
Mr. SPALDING. Will my friend from In-
diana allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. NIBLACK. Certainly.
Mr. SPALDING. The gentleman was a
member of the Committee on Appropriations
in the last Congress; I well recollect that I
had the pleasure of being associated with him
on that committee; and I desire to ask him
whether he proposes to add to these appropri-
ations for the support of the Army?
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not propose to do so
myself. It would not be becoming in me to do
that. I have offered an amendment simply
for the purpose of calling the attention of the
committee to this subject, and of inviting an
examination of it.
Mr. SPALDING. _ Then, as the gentleman
does not propose an increase ol the appropri-
ations, we agree on this point.
Mr. NIBLACK. I want to call the atten-
tion also of the country to the fact, that, in my
judgment, the appropriations as they stand m
this bill are insufficient for the purpose of car-
rying our Army establishment through the
coming fiscal year; and that we shall be met
hereafter by a demand to pass a vast deficiency
bill to make up the deficit, created merely to
make a show of economy just now. There-
fore, though we may flatter the country with
the idea that we are cutting down appropria-
tions, and that the Government is going to be
carried on very much more cheaply during the
coming year than in times past, yet this idea
will prove to he an illusory one, as the facts
will hereafter demonstrate. I submit that so
long as we keep up our Army to its present
standard, so long as we continue to maintain an
immense standing army in time of peace, so
long as we support at a vast outlay a Freedmen's
Bureau and so many other unnecessary and
expeusive systems and offices, we cannot econo-
mize by simply failing to appropriate money in
advance to meet the expenses of them. We
shall be obliged to appropriate, it hereafter.
These expenses and salaries are always, sooner
or later, paid, and we shall not accomplish any
economy in the end by simply withholding
appropriations now.
Mr. SPALDING. We can try.
Mr. NIBLACK. Yes, we can try; but the
effort will, I fear, be a merely spasmodic one.
This effort, I apprehend, only looks well on
paper. It has no other advantage that I see.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire, with the consent
of thegentlemanfrom Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,]
to call his attention to a single point. I believe
he has heretofore served upon the committee
having charge of appropriations, and I wish to
know from him whether it is not a fact that
this appropriation bill is framed, throughout all
its provisions, for the mere purpose of bridging
over the next election; whether the whole bill
does not show this design; whether each item
of appropriation is not framed with the direct
object of making, for present political effect, a
show of economy without regard to the real
demands of the public service?
Mr. NIBLACK. While I do not, perhaps,
use the very words of my friend from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Eldridge,] it will be seen.from what
I have already said that I substantially agree
with him in the inferences he draws from the
action of the committee in reporting this bill.
I certainly do charge that this bill does not
appropriate sufficient money to carry on this
branch of the public service under existing
laws, but will permit unpaid bills for supplies
and other expenses to accumulate against the
Government, which will have to be eventually
met by future appropriations. If we really
desire to economize in the appropriation of
the public money let us strike at the root of
the evil by repealing all laws which create un-
necessary charges on the Treasury, by reducing
the Army to a strictly peace establishment, by
dispensing with a large number of unnecessary
public offices, bureaus, and systems of admin-
istration, which we must, some time or an-
other, dispense with if this country shall ever
be brought back to its original purity and sim-
plicity. A mere failure to appropriate money
now to meet charges on the Treasury, which
will, nevertheless, continue to accrue, is no
economy, and I hope the country will not be
misled by this specious talk about cutting down
appropriations.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, I do not
think we can afford time now for any political
discussions on this bill. The Committee on
Appropriations have done their best to furnish
the facts on which they have based their action.
They cannot furnish confidence or credulityto
my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.J He
may go on doubting and distrusting to the end.
But we on this side of the House are deter-
mined to cut down the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, and we have succeeded measurably,
though not, I fear, with the good will or active
cooperation of gentlemen on the other side.
I move that the committee rise.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope the gentleman will
allow me a moment?
Mr. BLAINE. For a question, certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. I only wished to place
