THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
trial is a new test to our public national virtue
and also of the strength and vigor of popular
government. The trial of a great criminal is
not an extraordinary event, even when fol-
lowed by conviction and the severest penalty
known to the laws. This respondent is not to
be deprived of life, liberty, or property. The
object of this proceeding is not the punishment
of the offender, but the safety of the State. As
the daily life of the wise and just magistrate
is an example for good, cheering, encouraging,
and strengthening all others, so the trial and
conviction of a dishonest or an unfaithful
officer is a Earning to all men, and especially
to such as occupy places of public trust.
ISSUES.
The issues of record between the House of
Representatives and Andrew Johnson, Presi-
dent of the United States, are technical and
limited. We have met the issues, and, as we
believe, maintained the cause of the House of
Representatives by evidence direct, clear, and
conclusive. Those issues require you to ascer-
tain and declare whether Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, is guilty of
high crimes and misdemeanors as set forth in
the several articles of impeachment exhibited
against him, and especially whether he has
violated the laws or the Constitution of the
country in the attempt which he made on the
21st of February last to remove Edwin M.
Stanton from the office of Secretary for the
Department of War. and to appoint Lorenzo
Thomas Secretary of War ad intei im.
These are the issues disclosed by the record.
They appear in the statement to be limited in
their nature and character ; but your final ac-
tion thereon involves and settles questions of
public policy of greater magnitude than any
■which have been considered in the political or
judicial proceedings of the country since the
adoption of the Constitution.
DliFF.NSK.
Mr. Johnson attempts to defend his conduct
in the matter of the removal of Mr. Stanton by
an assertion of "the power at any and all times
of removing from office all executive otiicers for
cause to be judged of by the President alone.''
This claim manifestly extends to the officers
of the Army and of the Navy, of the civil and
the diplomatic service. He thus assumes and
demands for himself and for all his successors
absolute control over the vast and yearly in-
creasing patronage of this Government. This
claim has never been before asserted, and
surely it has never been sanctioned ; nor is
there a law or usage which furnishes any ground
for justification, even the least.
Heretofore the Senate has always been eon-
suited in regard to appointments, and daring
the sessions of the Senate it has always been
consulted in regard to removals from office.
The claim now made, if sanctioned, strips the
Senate of all practical power in the premises,
and leaves the patronage ot office, the revenues
and expenditures of the country in the hands
of the President alone. Who does not see that
the power of the Senate to act upon and con-
firm a nomination is a barren power, asa means
of protecting the'public interests, if the person
so confirmed may be removed trom his office
at once without the advice and consent of the
Senate? If this claim shall be conceded the
Presidentis clothed with power to remove every
person who refuses to become his instrument.
An evil-minded President may remove all
loyal and patriotic officers from the Army, the
Navy, the civil and the diplomatic service, and
nominate only his adherents and friends. None
but his friends can remain in office; none but
his friends can be appointed to office. What
security remains for the fidelity of the Army
and the Navy? What security for the collec-
tion of the public revenues? ^ hat account-
ability remains in any branchy of the public
service? Every public officer is henceforth a
mere dependent upon the Executive. Here-
tofore the Senate could say to the President,
"You shall not remove a faithful, honest public
officer." This power the Senate has possessed
and exercised for nearly eighty years, under
and by virtue of express authority granted in
the Constitution. Is this authority to be sur-
rendered? Is this power of the Senate, this
prerogative we may almost call it, to be aban-
doned? Has the country, has the Senate, in
the exercise of its legislative, executive, or judi-
cial functions, fully considered these broader
and graver issues touching and affecting vitally
our institutions and system of government?
The House of Representatives has brought
Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, to the bar of this august tribunal, and
has here charged him with high crimes and
misdemeanors in office. He meets the charge
by denying and assailing the ancient, un-
doubted, constitutional powers of the Senate.
This is the grave, national, historical, consti-
tutional issue. When you decide the issues
of record, which appear narrow and technical,
you decide these greater issues also.
The Managers on the part of the House of
Eepresentatives, as time and their abilities
may permit, intend to deal with the criminal
and with these his crimes, and also to examine
the constitutional powers of the President and
of the Senate. I shall first invite your atten-
tion, Senators, to the last-mentioned topics.
It is necessary, in this discussion, to con-
sider the character of the Government, and
especially the distribution of powers and the
limitations placed by the Constitution upon the
executive, judicial, and legislative depart-
ments.
TENTH AMENDMENT.
The tenth amendment to the Constitution
provides that "the powers not delegated to the
United States by the Constitution, nor pro-
hibited by it to the States, are reserved to the
States respectively, or to the people."
This provision is not to be so construed as
to defeat the objects for which the Constitution
itself was established: and it follows, neces-
sarily, that the three departments of the Gov-
ernment possess sufficient power collectively to
accomplish those objects.
It will be seen from an examination of the
grants of power made to the several depart-
ments of the Government that there is a differ-
ence in the phraseology employed, and that the
legislative branch alone is intrusted with dis-
cretionary authority. The first section of the
first article provides that "all legislative powers
herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of
the United States, which shall consist of a
Senate and House of Representatives." •
The first section of the second article pro-
vides that " executive power shall be vested in
a President of the United States of America;"
and the first section of the third article pro-
vides that "the judicial power of the United
States shall be vested in one Supreme Court,
and in such inferior courts as the Congress
may, from time to time, ordain and establish."
The words '• herein granted," as used in the
first section of the first article of the Constitu-
tion, are of themselves words of limitation upon
the legislative powers of Congress, confining
those powers within the authority expressed in
the Constitution. The absence of those words
in the provisions relating to the executive and
judicial departments does not, as might at first
be supposed, justify the inference that unlimited
authority is conferred upon those departments.
An examination of the Constitution shows that
the executive and judicial departments have
no inherent vigor by which, under the Con-
stitution, they are enabled to perforin the func-
tions delegated to them, while the legislative
! department, in noticeable contrast, is clothed
| with authority '"to make all laws which shall
' be necessary and proper for carrying into exe-
| cution the foregoing powers, and all other
| powers vested by this Constitution in the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or any depart-
ment or officer thereof.''
By virtue of this provision the Constitution
devolves upon Congress the duty of providing
by legislation for the full execution not only of
the powers vested in Congress, but also of pro-
viding by legislation for the execution of those
powers which, by the Constitution, are rested
in the executive and judicial departments.
The legislative department has original jjower
derived from the Constitution by which it can
set and keep itself in motion as a branch of the
Government, while the executive and judicial
departments have no self-executing constitu-
tional capacity, but are constantly dependent
upon the legislative department. Nor does
it follow, as might upon slight attention Be
assumed, that the executive power given to'tjse
President is an unlimited power, or that it an-
swers or corresponds to the powers which have
been or may be exercised by the executive of
any other Government. The President of the
United States is not endowed by the Constitu-
tion with the executive power which was pos-
sessed by Henry Vlil or Queen Elizabeth, or
by any ruler in any other country or time, but
only with the power expressly granted to him
by the Constitution and with such other powers
as have been conferred upon him by Congress
for the purpose of carrying into effect the
powers which are granted to the President by
the Constitution. Hence it may be asserted
that whenever the President attempts to exer-
cise any power he must, if his right be ques-
tioned, find a specific authority in the Consti-
tution or laws. By the Constitution he is
Commander-in-Chief of the Anny and Navy;
but it is for Congress to decide, in the first
place, whether there shall be an Army or Navy,
and the President must command the At-iny or
Navy as it is created by Congress, and subject,
as is every other officer of the Array and Navy,
to such rules and regulations as Congress may
from time to time establish.
The President "may require the opinion in
writing of the principal officer in each of the
Executive Departments upon any subject re-
lating to the duties of their respective offices,"
but the executive offices themselves are created
by Congress, and the duties of each officer are
prescribed by law. In fine, the power to set
the Government in motion and to keep tt in
motion is lodged exclusively in Congress un-
der the provisions of the Constitution.
By our system of Government the sovereignty
is in the people of the United States, and that
sovereignty is l'ully expressed in the preamble
to the Constitution. By the Constitution the
people have vested discretionary power—lim-
ited, it is true—in the Congress of the United
States, while they have denied to the execu-
tive and judicial departments all discretionary
or implied power whatever.
The nature and exient of the powers con-
ferred by the Constitution upou Congress have
been clearly and fully set forth by. the Supreme
Court. (McCulloch vs. The State of Maryland,
4 Wheaton, pp. 409 and 420.) The court,
in speaking of the power of Congress, say :
"The Government, which has a right to do an act,
and has imposed on it the duty ot perlormmg that
act, must, according to the dictates ot reason, be
allowed to select the means."
Again, they say:
"We admit, as all must admit, that the powers of
the Government are limited, and that these limits
are not to be transcended; but we think the sound
Construction of the Constitution mu&t allow to the
nuiiow'l Legislature that discretion, with respect to
the means by which the powers it conlcrs are to be
carried into execution, which will enable that body
to perform the high duties assigned to it m the man-
ner most beneficial to the people. Let the thing be
legitimate, let it be within the scope ol the Constitu-
tion, and all meanswhich areappropriatc, winch are
plainly adapted to the end, which are not prohibited,
and consistent with the letter and spirit of the Con-
stitution, are constitutional."
It is also worthy of remark, in this connec-
tion, that the article which confers legislative
powers upon the Congress of the United States
declares that all legislative powers herein
granted—that is, granted in the Constitution—-
shall be vested in the Congress of the United
States ; while in the section relating to the
powers of the President it is declared that the
executive power shall be vested in a President
of the United States of America. The in-
ference from this distinction is in harmony
with what has been previously stated. " The
executive power" spoken of is that which is_
conferred upon the President by the Constitu-
