1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to pay fifty per cent., and therefore becomes
involved in hopeless ruin?
Now, we say that in caseofinvoluntary bank-
ruptcy, where the debtor is compelled against
his will to go into court and surrender all his
property, he should be allowed to go free, and
"that this privilege should continue not merely
for one or two years, but forever. We are in
favor of striking from this law entirely the pro-
vision which declares that a debtor shall not
go acquit unless he pays fifty per cent, of his
debts in all cases of compulsory bankruptcy.
Make what rule you will for those who volun-
tarily become bankrupts. But if the debtor
shall be stripped of all his estate by his credit-
ors let him stand discharged of all his debts
by the law.
We are unwilling that this provision should
permanently stand in this law. And I now give
notice that at no distant day the attempt will
be made to transform this postponement of the
provision into its absolute repeal, and to pro-
vide that every debtor who shall be stripped of
all his estate by proceedings in involuntary
bankruptcy shall at the same time be discharged
of all his debts.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLER. Will the gentleman from
Rhode Island yield to me for a moment?
Mr. JRNCKES. Certainly.
Mr. MILLER. I desire to ask the gentle-
• man if he has considered a bill which was pre-
sented to him some time ago in regard to the
construction of the thirty-ninth section of this
act ? The district courts of Pennsylvania have
decided that in the case of a creditor filing his
petition declaring a debtor bankrupt, under
this act of Congress the onus of proof was
thrown entirely upon the debtor. That cer-
tainly was not the intention of Congress when
this act was passed ; we did not then suppose
that such a construction would be placed upon
it. And I ask the gentleman, in amending that
act, to see that that provision be so altered that
the onus shall be thrown upon the petitioner.
Mr. JENCKES. I know it was stated that
there was a decision of that kind made by one
of the courts of Pennsylvania. But it was an
erroneous decision, and has not been followed
or sustained by any other court in the United
States.
Mr. MILLER. I understand that that de-
cision of the court of the western district of
Pennsylvania has been concurred in by Judge
Grier.
Mr. JENCKES. I know such a statement
was published, but I have ascertained upon
inquiry that such was not the fact. And in
other circuits where the question has been
presented it has been decided differently. I
do not think it is necessary for Congress^ to
undertake to correct the erroneous decision
of a single district court judge.
Mr. MILLER. That is held to be the law
in Pennsylvania. And I understand that the
district judge consulted Judge Grier, who sat
with him, and that Judge Grier concurred
with him.
Mr. JENCKES. I think if the gentleman
will inquire a little further in regard to that
case, he will find that there is no necessity for
amending the law for the purpose of rectifying
that error. If it has not been corrected already,
it soon will be.
Mr. MILLER. Will the gentleman yield to
allow me to offer an amendment for that pur-
pose?
Mr. JENCKES. I cannot yield for that
purpose. ,
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment ?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to the first section of this
bill, and ask his consent to offer an amend-
ment to the effect that the proposed extension
of time from the 1st of June, 1868, to the- 1st
of June, 1869, shall not inure to the benefit of
debtors, so far as regards debts contracted sub-
sequently to the pas&ge of the original bill.
I am satisfied that at least in some portions
of the country a condition of things has pre-
vailed and still prevails which will enable
debtors to avail themselves very largely of the
benefit of this law prior to the 1st of June
next; and that so far as they are concerned it
is right to extend the time possibly as long as
this provision extends it. But it does seem to
me that the original policy of the act, requiring
voluntary bankrupts to pay at least fifty cents
on the dollar before they should be discharged,
ought to be retained so far as regards indebt-
edness that has been incurred since the passage
of that act. And if the gentleman will allow
me, I will move an amendment to tliat effect.
Mr. JENCKES. I cannot yield for that
amendment, and for this reason: the sugges-
tion was presented to the committee and con-
sidered by them. Butwe have doubts whether
with such an amendment the law would be uni-
form ; and it must be uniform in all cases. And
if there should possibly be in the course of a
year one case of hardship out often thousand
cases we must submit to the smaller evil for
the sake of the greater good.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 desire to call the at-
tention of the gentleman to the fact that the
original bankrupt bill was passed in this House
with very great difficulty, its fate being for a
long time doubtful. The vote, if I recollect
aright, was at first 70 to 70; and then, I be-
lieve, the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike]
changed his vote making the vote 71 to 69.
Twenty-five years ago we had a bankrupt law
which after a short experiment proved to be
highly unsatisfactory; and the cause of com-
plaint was this very voluntary feature. If the
gentleman wishes to retain this bankrupt act
a part of the commercial law of the land I
suggest to him that he should not press this
feature to too great an extent.
Mr. JENCKES. I might agree with the
gentleman if what he suggests had not been
considered and determined against as contrary
to the principle upon which the act is founded.
Mr. PIKE. I would like to make one ob-
servation with the consent of the gentleman
from Rhode Island.
Mr. JENCKES. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. PIKE. I hope the House will allow the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
to offer his amendment. I voted for the ori-
ginal bill with great reluctance; and one of
the considerations that induced me to vote for
it was that debtors were to have the unlimited
benefits of the act for but a single year. With
some reluctance I consented that these bene-
fits should be extended for one year without
limitation ; but I am not willing that the time
shall be further extended. I hope the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island will allow the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to offer his amend-
ment, so that the House may determine this
question, whether or not a creditor has any-
thing to do with the estate of a debtor. It
must be well understood that under our pres-
ent bankrupt law; as under that law of 1842,
so long as there is no conservative provision
that either the consent of creditors or the pay-
ment of a certain percentage of debts shall be
necessary in order to the discharge of a debtor,
the creditor practically has nothing whatever
to do either with the property or the discharge
of the debtor, the matter depending almost
wholly upon the affidavit of the debtor, who
goes in'and acquits himself of his debts with-
out regard to the wishes of the creditor.
Mr. JENCKES. I believe I must resume
the floor.
Mr. ARNELL. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. JENCKES. I will hear it.
Mr. ARNELL. Will not the gentleman per-
mit me to offer the amendment I indicated
sometime ago in regard t (^publication of notice?
Mr. JENCKES. I will state for the informa-
tion of the gentleman that that matter has been
considered by the committee and also by the
courts. It is a matter relating to process, and
is entirely within the control of the courts. I
understand from thS justices of the Supreme
Court that it is a matter of which they can and
will take earc. Therefore there is no need of
inserting in the act any provision on the subject.
I wish now to reply, in a very few words, to
the remarks which have been made by several
gentlemen in regard to this bill. It is true, as
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mat-
NARd] has said, that the original bill was
passed with very grave doubts in the minds of
many as to its success; but I think I can say,
from testimony that has been presented to the
committee and the House, that those doubts
have been overcome in every part of the coun-
try. No one has been able to mention here
any case in which there has been any hardship
upon any creditor, or in which any creditor
has not received his just and proportionate
share of the estate of the debtor; and there
has been no case presented where a fraudulent
debtor has obtained a release from any court.
Such cases have not occurred under this law.
Let me, then, state the reason why this fur-
ther extension is asked. No person, under
the present law, can go into a court of the
United States and obtain a discharge from his
indebtedness unless he makes a full and free
exhibition of the whole of his affairs, not only
of their condition at the time he goes into
court, but during the whole period in which he
has transacted business. Hence many per-
sons are deterred from applying for the benefit
of this act; and thus there have been hun-
dreds and thousands of settlements, compro-
mises between debtors and creditors; so that
the time of the courts has not been occupied by
such cases.
I would state to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] that whenever a propo-
sition shall be made here to strike out this
clause altogether, then his argument and that
of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] may
be pertinent to such an issue. But no such
proposition is now made. The arguments of
the gentleman from Massachusetts in the last
Congress prevailed with the committee and
with the House, and this clause was inserted.
The practical administration of this law has
satisfied the committee of the propriety of still
further postponing the operation of this clause.
We meet now precisely as we did then,
agreeing on the one hand as to the propriety
of the clause, but on the other contending that
its operation should be further postponed for a
period. Why? Because we find still existing
the causes which justified the postponement of
its operation in the first instance. It is re-
ported to us from all parts of the country that
there are hundreds of persons desirous to take
the benefits of this law but too poor to raise the
fifty dollars required to be deposited for the fees
of the register and other officers of the court.
Many are waiting till the time when they shall
have accumulated a sum sufficient to make the
necessary deposit and to pay the expenses as
the proceedings go on. In the southern coun-
try there are thousands of such cases. One
register writes that three hundred applications
for the benefits of the law have been made in
his district, and that there would be three hun-
dred more if the parties could raise the fifty
dollars to pay the expenses. From Tennessee
the report of the registers is to the same effect.
I have received some recently. They ask for
this delay, and for this very reason that they are
unable to pay the fifty dollars. And in some
districts the judges require the deposit of au
additional fifty dollars to pay the expenses of
the marshal and clerk. There the debtor has
to deposit $100 before his petition can be re-
ceived.
If the man could come into court without
this deposit and at once file his petition there
would be no reason for delay. He has not
only to prepare his petition and schedule, but
he has also to deposit this money at the same
time. That requires not only time for prepa-
ration, but present means. He^must satisfy
the marshal and Glerk and also his counsel be-
fore his petition can be received. This is one
