437$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQ
July 23,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield
one minute.
Mr. PAINE. There are two reasons why
this amendment should not be adopted which
are very weighty with me. I do not oppose
that part of the resolution which provides for
a meeting of Congress before the regular meet-
ing in December, but I do object to that part
which provides for a recess, and for two special
reasons. In the first place the Committee on
Reconstruction has authorized one of its mem-
bers [Mr. Bingham] to report at the earliest
moment a bill of the utmost importance in
relation to Texas, Virginia, and Mississippi,
and I believe it will be a crime for us to ad-
journ before that is acted upon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman's time is out.
Mr; PAINE. I think my minute is not
out'.'
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
gentleman has spoken his minute.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Gentle-
men ask me to postpone this matter until to-
morrow. I only desire to say that we cannot
suspend the rules until this resolution is passed.
Mr. SCHENCK. Can we then? It will only
Ijq g recess.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
the question. The resolution is before the
House, and members can dispose of it as they
see fit.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to inquire
of the Chair whether, if this resolution passes,
it will be in order to suspend the rules, as it
provides for a recess, and not for an adjourn-
ment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Perhaps
it might be so construed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not so
construe it. The rule states that the rules may
be suspended during the last ten days of the
session. The Clerk will read the rule.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Except daring the last ten days of the session the
Speaker shall not entertain a motion to suspend the
rules of tho House at any time except on Monday of
each week."
The SPEAKER. The last ten days of the
second session of the Fortieth Congress will
not have commenced if the House and the
Senate take a recess until September.
Mr. MULLINS. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me one minute ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir;
I demand the previous question, and the House
can do as they please.
Mr. SCHENCK. Are all the other com-
mittees to be choked down in this way ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman can only be choked down by a majority
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear
the remark of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. I inquired whether the
gentleman from Illinois intended that the rest
of us shall not be permitted to state the condi-
tion of the business connected with other com-
mittees. I desired especially to call the atten-
tion of the House to the position of the funding
bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman to address a question to the Chair,
and this is different from what he supposed it
was.
Mr. SCHENCK. I had to address the Chair
necessarily, but I was talking at the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will yield
to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
for a few minutes, and then to his colleague,
[Mr. Garmeld.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say that the
Senate have disagreed to the amendments of
the House to the funding bill, but have not
asked for a committee of conference. This
has been explained by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance of the Senate, and I
have no doubt of a desire existing that the
House shall ask for a committee of conference
for certain reasons that have been mentioned,
and we are considering whether it is not our
duty to ask for a committee of conference on
our part. If there should be a conference, it
would, of course, take one day at least for its
consideration.
So far as the tax bill is concerned, I think
no man is authorized to say whether the mes-
sage sent by the President on Monday that he
had signed the tax bill was or was not con-
sistent with the fact. The bill has been lying
on the table of the President, a§ I am assured,
and various statements have been made in re-
gard to it, some of which can and some cannot
be traced to him. It certainly has been a
question of consideration with him whether or
not on account of some of its provisions he
ought or ought not to veto it.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I would like to state to
the gentleman that a few moments ago I met
Mr. Rollins, and he stated that the Secretary
of the Treasury told him that the President
had signed the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes ; and a high official
said the same thing the other day and after-
ward found out he was mistaken. This much
is certain, that the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue has been invited to read over the bill
with the Secretary of the Treasury to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield
now to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field. ]
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to state the con-
dition of business pertaining to the Committee
on Military Affairs. Of course I do not ex-
pect at this late day that we can report several
bills that the committee have authorized to be
reported to the House, though they are very
important.
But there is one bill to which I wish to call
attention for one moment; and I shall feel it
to be a public calamity if the House shall fail
to act upon it. It is a bill now upon the
Speaker's table, one upon which there has
been substantially considerable debate in this
House. One of its important sections has
already passed the House in the form of a joint
resolution. If that bill should pass it would
probably reduce the expenses of the Army for
the coming year $10,000,000 ; not so much as
the expenses would be reduced by the bill of
the House.
There is one section of the bill now upon
the Speaker's table which, in my judgment, is
of transcendent importance to this House. It
provides that the newly reconstructed State
governments shall be furnished by the Secre-
tary of War with arms to a sufficient amount
to enable the people of those States to protect
themselves against the violence and outrage of
the rebels there. As the theory of the recon-
struction measures requires, we are with-
drawing our military force from the control of
those States. And if no provision is made we
will have no control whatever over the rebel
element in those States which have lately been
reconstructed. The rebel element there has
arms; but our friends have no arms. What-
ever arms there are in those States are in the
possession of the rebels.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a question of order.
The military hill is not before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I will say no more
than that I desire to have that bill considered.
_Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 now
yield two minutes to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
wish to say much in the two minutes allowed
me, even if I could; and could not if I would.
I desire merely to say that I am opposed to
any adjournment of Congress until we take
measures to make sure that we are not to go into
the coming presidential election on a sort of
" heads I win and tails you lose " principle of
having the southern States counted against us
if we lose them and not for us if we win them,
as the other side propose to do.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman is not discussing the
question before the House, but the next presi-
dential election.
The SPEAKER. The subject of the presi-
dential election is not now before the House.
The gentleman must confine himself to the
question before the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The ques-
tion is whether we shall adjourn and go home.
I am trying to give reasons why we should not
do so. „
The SPEAKER. If the point of order is
raised, the Chair will be compelled to rule that
gentlemen cannot discuss all the bills and
measures that are or may be before the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want to
see quiet and safety secured in the South before
1 consent to go home.
Mr. RANDALL. You had better go home
now : you have got glory enough.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] is not in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am quite
sure the gentleman from Pennsylvania would
have to remain here a long time to get himself
in that condition.
I desire to say that until we ean arrange
matters here so that there can be safety lor the
Union men in the South, I am not for going
home ; that is the whole of it. We must take
the best way to secure that object, and we should
take a little time to find out that best way. If
we ean do so by supplying arms to protect
Union men from rebels, then let us supply
them. If it can be done only by removing the
great obstruction to peace and quiet in the
country, then let us stay here and do our duty
in that respect. Let us do something or other,
that our friends in the South may not day by
day be murdered by the rebels there, as
we have reports by every mail is now being
done.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now call
the previous question.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. MULLINS. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me for two minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
for two minutes.
Mr. MULLINS. I think the gentleman has
made a great mistake in not yielding to me.
Mr. WOOD. The question before the House
is simply upon agreeing to the amendment made
by the Senate to the resolution of the House
fixing a time for the adjournment of Congress.
The Senate lias seen proper to amend the res-
olution of the House so as to provide for a
recess, and the meeting of the two Houses of
Congress again in September next. As one
of the minority of this House, as a member
of the great Democratic party of this country,
nothing would delight me more, in a partisan
sense, than to see this Congress in perpetual
session. The responsibility is upon them ; the
omission and commission is altogether upon
the Republican party of this country. And
so long as they remain in session, so long, in
in my judgment, if they go on as they are now
going on, they will fail to meet the responsi-
bility now resting upon them.
But, sir, the people of this country require
rest. They cannot have rest as long as Con-
gress is in session. The people of this coun-
try require freedom for at least a short period
for the purpose of collecting their judgment
and making up their decision to be enunciated
next November in the election of a President
of the United States. Hence, while we ought
to adjourn, we should not agree to meet here
again in September. For what purpose is a
meeting at this time proposed? To agitate, to
excite the people, to arouse animosities and
engender, it possible, hostilities in anticipation
ol the presidential election, and to involve this
whole country a second time in revolution and
war. Is this the object of the majority here?
Do they see no hope ot electing their caudidate
except by a resort to violence and force? Is
that the object of the bill referred to by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] pro-
