3352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
tion of the officers, clerks, messengers, and
others receiving an annual salary in the service
of the Senate."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-
three, to strike out " $08,704 80," and insert
" $100,924 80," as the gross appropriation for
officers, &c., receiving an annual salary in the
service of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-six, to
strike out "twenty five" and insert " ten so
as to reduce the appropriation for stationery
for the Senate to $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-seven,
to strike from the appropriations for the con-
tingent expenses of the Senate the item "for
newspapers, $5,000," and in lieu thereof in sert:
For newspapers and stationery for seventy-four
Senators, to the amount of $125 each, $9,250.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thenextamendmentwasinlinesixty-four, to
strikeout "second" before "session" and insert
" third so as to make the clause read as fol-
lows, among the items of contingent expenses
of the Senate:
For reporting and printing tlio proceedings in the
Daily Globe for the third session of iho Fortieth Con-
gress, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventy-
two, to strike out "three thousand" and insert
" fifteen hundred," and in line seventy-four, to
strike out " $16,000" and insert " $10,000
so as to make the clause read, among the items
of contingent expenses of the Senate, as fol-
lows:
For paying the publishers of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, according to the number of
copies taken, one cent forevery five pages exceeding
fifteen hundred, including the indexes and the laws
of the United States, &10.000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighty, to
reduce the appropriation "for packing-boxes
for Senators" from "$3,500" to " $1,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and thirty-six, to strikeout " eleven" and
insert " six."
The amendment was agreed'to.
The next amendment was to strike out line
one hundred and thirty-nine in these words "for
Capitol police, $64,000," and in lieu thereof
to insert:
For one captain, $2,800; two lieutenants, at 81,800
each, S3,600; thirty privntes, at 81,58-1 each, $47,520;
twelve watchmen, at $1,000 each, $12,000; one super-
intendent'intheerypt,$1,440; uniforms, $4,600; con-
tingent expenses, $500; making in all $71,748; one
half to bo paid into the contingent fund of tho Sen-
ate and the other half into thecontingentfund ot the
House of Representatives.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations if
this appropriation cannot be very materially
reduced. I see here for policeman a higher
rate of compensation than is allowed to gentle-
men in the Departments doing clerical duty;
as for instance, the captain gets more than the
chief clerk of a bureau, more than the chief
clerk of the General Land Office, for example.
That should not be so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
exDlain ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This appropri-
ation is in exact conformity with the provisions
of the law reorganizing the police, which was
reorganized in 1867; and in addition to the
compensation, or as part of the compensation,
that law provided for uniforming these police-
men, and that enters into a part of the expense.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The clothing of these
gentlemen is provided for in this same section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What I mean
to say is that the amendment is in conformity
to the statute organizing the Capitol police,
which was passed last year.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think these sums ought
to be reduced. Here I see that the captain gets
above two thousand dollars ; two lieutenants
$1,800, each, which is the compensation of a
chief clerk of a bureau, I believe ;and then there
are thirty privates with a compensation larger
than thegreat body of the clerks in the Depart-
ments. First-class clerks get $1,200, butthese
privates are to have $1,584 each, thirty of them.
I understood thatthe business of retrenchment
was to commence somewhere, and I think we
may as well commence right here. It isasmall
matter to notice, perhaps, but I think both the
number of policemen employed about this
Capitol and the rate of compensation may be
very materially decreased, so as to save at least
twenty thousand dollars in this item. I pro-
pose, now, to strike out "two thousand and
eighty-eight dollars " as the salary of the cap-
tain, and insert " fifteen hundred dollars;"
and if this be agreed to, and a corresponding
reduction takes place throughout, I shall pro-
pose, at the close of the section, an amend-
ment declaring that these rates shall be the
rates of compensation, so as to change the law
in that respect.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Ishouldlilceto
have the Senate understand precisely what this
proposition is. It is a proposition to appro-
priate a less sum of money than the officer is
entitled to by the law of Congress. If my hon-
orable friend were to propose to modify or re-
peal so much of the law as provides for this
compensation, he would be proceeding per-
haps regularly, but I can hardly conceive that
it would be becoming propriety to propose to
appropriate for an officer a less salary than is
provided for by the law creating the office.
I wish to say a word in reply to the honor-
able Senator from Indiana on another point.
He institutes a comparison between the ser-
vices of these police officers and those of clerks
in the Departments. These officers are on duty
twelve hours a day. The Senator need not be
told, I suppose, that the clerks to whom he
refers serve only six hours, and they receive all
the way from fourteen hundred dollars 
Mr. HENDRICKS. Twelve hundred.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They receive
from twelve hundred to two thousand dollars
for a service of six hours a day; these men
receive from fifteen to eighteen hundred dol-
lars for a service of twelve hours a day; so that
my honorable friend will see that upon the
score of merit, or upon the score of hours' ser-
vice actually rendered, the disparity is not near
as great as it ought to be. In proportion to
service the salary of these men ought to be
increased instead of being diminished. I sub-
mit to my friend that on examination he will
not find the disparity which he supposes to
exist.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We never estimate the
amount of compensation by the number of
hours; it is by the qualifications that are re-
quisite to fill the place. The chief clerk of a
Department must have such information, such
scholarship, such business training as will
enable him to take charge of very large mat-
ters. Take the case of the chief clerk of the
Third Auditor's office. Millions of dollars pass
through that office annually ; I believe some
years hundreds of millions. A man is paid
about eighteen hundred or two thousand dol-
lars a j'ear for taking charge of that sort of
business as chief clerk of the bureau. Take
the General Land Office, where the operations
of the bureau extend over many States and
Territories, having large questions to settle, the
chief clerk contributing very materially to the
settlement of all questions in the office, with a
salary of eighteen hundred or two thousand
dollars a year. Although he may spend but
six or eight hours a day, what is the compari-
son between him and a man who steps around
here to see that there is no disturbance ? There
is no comparison as to the real labor that is
performed. What comparison can there be
between a man who sits down at his desk and
for six hours closely applies himself to intel-
lectual labor attending to important questions
that come before him, and a man that is step-
ping around here at his leisure holding conver-
sations with agreeable people in the halls of
this Capitol? The one is a loafering sort of
life; the other is a life of real labor. A man
can very well afford to step around here with-
out fatigue for twelve hours, while there is
great fatigue in the other case.
I think this appropriation can be very much
reduced. My impression is that years ago
there used to be four or five policemen around
this Capitol. It has grown up to be a decided
force. Here is provision for a captain, two
lieutenants, thirty privates, and twelve watch-
men—forty-five men. Forty-five men to pre-
serve order in this Capitol, where there never
has been any disorder that I have heard of,
where there is scarcely any policeman neces-
sary 1 The law ought to be changed. To pay
them at these rates is simply remarkable, in
my opinion.
In answer to the other suggestion of the Sen-
ator, I nropose, if the Senate shall be of opinion
that this little matter ought to be amended at
all, to add at the close of this paragraph a pro-
vision that the -new rates shall be fixed as the
compensation of these men. I propose to put
the thirty privates at justthe pay that the first-
class clerks in the Departments receive, $1,200.
It is the pleasure of Congress, I believe, now
fixed, that the clerks of the Departments shall
not have twenty per cent, additional compen-
sation, so that they do not get the benefit of
the usual provision. I think we had better
come down to about the same rates in regard
to men who do not discharge intellectual labor,
but simply watch around this Capitol and do
nothing except to step about.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana to the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
naj s ; and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
law read which fixes the pay of these officers.
1 think myself the salaries are too high, but I
wish to see whether the law fixes them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will modify my amend-
ment so as to say, instead of $1,000, $1,800
for the captain of police, and I propose further
to amend the clause by fixing for the two lieu-
tenants $1,600 each instead of $1,800, and for
the thirty privates $1,200 each, so a3 to make
them correspond with the grades of clerks in
the Departments, and I propose to leave the
watchmen at $1,000, as they are.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to have tho Senate understand exactly what
this proposition ig. It is a proposition to
change the compensation of the Capitol police
as established by law last year. The Senator
1'rom Indiana thinks the policc power of the
Capitol larger than it need be. That may
be so; but the committee who reported th-e
organization last year did not think so. He
says there are forty. This is a large build-
ing, and it is to be policed every hour in the
year. He says the duties are somewhat unim-
portant and not clerical. They may not be
clerical; but I,think a single moment's reflec-
tion will satisfy anybody that they are uot
unimportant. They have the entire charge
and responsibility of this building, its safety,
its order, and the order of everybody that
attends here. The Senator says he has heard
of no disorder.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does not the Sergeant-
at-Arms have charge of this building?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir. If
my friend would reflect a moment he would
see that the Sergeant-at-Arms has nothing to
do with the charge of this building. The
Sergeant-at-Arms is doorkeeper ot' the Senate.
He may have some specific duties here; but
he has no oversight whatever over this build-
ing. Now, I submit respectfully to the Senate
that the Senator has no information which
authorized him to ask the judgment of the
Senate ou this proposition.
If the law ought to be changed, let it be
changed on the suggestion of the proper com-
