THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
men of that generation who were then in the
seats which you now fill. Time and experi-
ence may have modified and chastened those
impressions, hut, they are not, they cannot be
obliterated. They will remain with me while
life remains. Bat, with my convictions of my
own duty, with my convictions of your duty,
with my convictions of the danger, the immi-
nent peril, to our country if you should not
render a judgment of guilty against this re-
spondent, I have no alternative but to speak
with all the plainness and directness which
the most earnest convictions of the truth of
what I utter can inspire.
MOTIVE.
Nor can the President prove or plead the
motive by which he professes to have been
governed in his violation of the laws of the
country. Where a positive specific duty is
imposed upon a public officer his motives can-
not be good if he willfully neglects or refuses
to discharge his duty in the manner in which
it is imposed upon him. In other words, it is
not possible for a public officer, and particu-
larly for the President of the United States,
who is under a special constitutional injunc-
tion to discharge his duty faithfully, to have
any motive except a bad motive if he willfully
violates his duty. A judge, to be sure, in the
exercise of a discretionary power, us in im-
posing a sentence upon a criminal, where the
penalty is not specific, may err in the exercise
of that discretion and plead properly his good
motives in the discharge of his duty; that is,
he may say that he intended, under the law,
to impose a proper penalty; and inasmuch as
that was his intention, though all other men
may think that the penalty was either insuffi-
cient or excessive, he is fully justified by his
motives.
So the President, having vested in him dis-
cretionary power in regard to granting par-
dons, might, if arraigned for the improper ex-
ercise of that power in a particular case, plead
and prove his good motives, although his action
might be universally condemned as improper
or unwise in that particular case. But the cir-
cumstances of this respondent are wholly dif-
ferent. The law which, as he admits, he has
intentionally and deliberately violated, was
mandatory upon him, and left in his hands no
discretion as to whether he would, in a given
case, execute it or not.
A public officer can neither plead nor prove
good motives to refute or control his own ad-
mission that he has intentionally violated a
public law.
Take the case of the President; his oath is:
"I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully executc
the office of President of the United States, and will
to the best of my ability preserve, protect, and do-
fend the Constitution of the United iStates."
One of the provisions of that Constitution is
that the President shall "take care that the
laws be faithfully executed." In this injunc-
tion there are no qualifying words. It is made
his duty to take care that the laws. the laws, be
faithfully executed. A law is well defined to
be " a rule laid, set, or established by the law-
making power of the country." It is of such
rules that the Constitution speaks in this in-
junction to the President; and in obedience to
that injunction, and with reference to his duty
under his oath to take care that the laws be
faithfully executed, he can enter into no in-
quiry as to whether those laws are expedient
or constitutional, or otherwise. And inasmuch
as it is not possible for him, under the Consti-
tution, to enter lawfully into any such inquiry,
it is alike impossible for him to plead or to
prove that, having entered into such inquiry,
which was in itself unlawful, he was governed
by a good motive in the result which he reached
and in his action thereupon. Having 110 right
to inquire whether the laws were expedient or
constitutional, or otherwise, if he did so inquire,
and if upon such inquiry he came to the con-
clusion that, for any reason, he would not exe-
cute the law according to the terms of the law,
then he willfully violated his oath of office and
the Constitution of the United States. The
necessary, the inevitable presumption in law
is, that he acted under the influence of bad
motives in so doing, and 110 evidence can be
introduced controlling or coloring in any degree
this necessary presumption of the law.
Having, therefore, no right to entertain any
motive contrary to his constitutional obligation
to execute the laws, he cannot plead his mo-
tive. Inasmuch as he can neither plead nor
prove his motive, the presumption of the law
must remain that in violating his oath of office
and the Constitution of the United States he
was influenced by a bad motive. The magis-
trate who willfully breaks the laws, in violation
of his oath to execute them, insults and out-
rages the common sense and the common na-
ture of his countrymen when he asserts that
their laws are so bad that they deserve to be
broken. This is the language of a defiant
usurper, or of a man who has surrendered him-
self to the counsel and control of the enemies
of his countiy.
If a President, believing the law to be un-
constitutional, may refuse to execute it, then
your laws for the reconstruction of the southern
States, your laws for the collection of the in-
ternal revenue, your laws for the collcction of
custom-house duties, are dependent for their
execution upon the individual opinion of the
President as to whether they are constitutional
or not; and if these laws are so dependent, all
other laws are equally dependent upon the opin-
ion of the Executive. Hence it follows that,
whatever the legislation ofCongress maybe, the
laws of the country are to be executed only so
far as the President believes them to be consti-
tutional. This respondent avers that his sole
object in violating the tenure-of-office act was
to obtain the opinion of the Supreme Court
upon the question of the constitutionality of
that law. In other words, he deliberately vio-
lated the law, which was in him a crime, for
the purpose of ascertaining judicially whether
the law could be violated with impunity or not.
At that very time he had resting upon hiiu the
obligations of a citizen to obey the laws, and the
higher and more solemn obligation, imposed
by the Constitution upon the first magistrate of
the country, to execute the laws. If a private
citizen violatesa law, he does so at his peril. If
the President or Vice President, or any other
civil officer, violates a law, his peril is that he
may be impeached by the House of Represent-
atives and convicted by the Senate. This is
precisely the responsibility which the respond-
ent has incurred ; and it would be no relief to
him for his willful violation of the law, in the
circumstances in which he is now placed, if
the court itself had pronounced the same to bo
unconstitutional.
But it is not easy to comprehend the auda-
city, the criminal character of a proceeding
by which the President of the United States
attempts systematically to undermine the Gov-
ernment itself by drawing purposely into con-
troversy, in the courts and elsewhere, the
validity of the laws enacted by the constituted
authorities of the country, who, as much as
himself, are individually under an obligation
to obey the Constitution in all their public
acts. With the same reason and for the same
object he might violate the reconstruction laws,
tax laws, tariff acts, or the neutrality laws of
the country; and thus, in a single day of his
official life, raise questions which could not be
disposed of for years in the courts of the coun-
try. The evidence discloses the fact that he
has taken 110 step for the purpose of testing
the constitutionality of the law. He suspended
numerous officers under, or, if not under, at
least, as he himself admits, in conformity with
the tenure-of-office law, showing that it was
not his sole object to test its constitutionality.
He has had opportunity to make application
through the Attorney General for a writ of quo
xoarranlo, which might have tested the validity
of the law in the courts. This writ is the writ
of the Government, and it can never be granted
upon the application of a private person. The
President has'never taken one step to test the
law in the courts. Since his attempted re-
moval of Mr. Stanton on the,21st of February
last he might havfe instituted proceedings by a.
writ of quo warranto, and by this time have
obtained, probably, a judicial opinion covering
all the points of the case. But he shrinks from
the test he sa,ys he sought. Thus is the pretext
of the President fully exposed. The evidence
shows that he never designed to test the law in
the courts. His object was to seize the offices
of the Government for purposes of corruption,
and by their influence to enable him to recon-
struct the Union in the interest of the rebel-
lious States. In short, he resorted to this
usurpation as an efficient and necessary means
of usurping all power and of restoring the
Government to rebel hands.
No criminal was ever arraigned who offered
a more unsatisfactory excuse for his crimes.
The President had no right to do what he says
he designed to do, and the evidence shows that
he never has attempted to do what he now
assigns as his purpose when he trampled the
laws of his country under his feet.
These considerations have prepared the way
in some degree, I trust, for an examination of
the provisions of the Constitution relating to
the appointment of embassadors and otherpub-
lic miuistorsand consuls, judges of the Supreme
Court, and other officers of the United States,
for whose appointment provision is made in the
second section of the second article of the Con-
stitution. It is there declared that the Presi-
dent "shall nominate," and, by and with the
consent of the Senate, shall " appoint embas-
sadors and other public ministers and consuls',
judges of the Supreme Court, and all other
officers of the United States whose appoint-
ments are not herein otherwise provided for
and which shall be established by law." The
phrase, "are not herein otherwise provided
for," is understood to refer to Senators, who,
under th'e Constitution, in case of a vacancy,
may be appointed by the Governors of the sev-
eral States, and to those appointments which
might be confided by law to the courts or to the
heads of Departments. It is essential to notice
the fact that neither in this provision of the
Constitution nor in any other is power given to
the President to remove any officer. The only
power of removal specified in the Constitution
is that of the Senate, by its verdict of guilty, to
remove the President, Vice President, or other
civil officer who may be impeached by the House
of Representatives and presented to the Senate
for trial.
Upon the premises already laid down it is
clear that the power of removal from office is
not vested in the President alone, but only in
the President by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. Applying the provision
of the Constitution already cited to the con-
dition of affairs existing at the time the Gov-
ernment was organized, we find that the course
pursued by the First Congress and by the first
President was the inevitable result of the
operation of this provision of the organic law.
In the first instance, several executive Depart-
ments were established by acts of Congress,
and in those Departments offices of various
grades were created. The conduct of foreign
affairs required the appointment of embas-
sadors, ministers, and consuls, and conse-
quently those necessary offices were established
by law. The President, in conformity with
this provision of the Constitution, made nom-
inations to the Senate of persons to fill the
various offices so established. These nomina-
tions were considered and acted upon by the
Senate, and when confirmed by the Senate the
persons so nominated were appointed and
authorized by commissions under the hand of
the President to enter upon the discharge of
their respective duties. In the nature of the
case it was not possible for the President, dur-
ing a session of the Senate, to assign to duty
in any of the offices so created any person who
had not been by him nominated to the Senate
and by that body confirmed, and there is no
evidence that any such attempt was made.
The persons thus nominated and confirmed
were in their offices under the Constitution,
