1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4377
posing to distribute arms to the provisional
Governors of the southern States ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLER. I suppose the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] will vote to con-
tinue the session in order to help his party.
Mr. WOOD. I will vote to adjourn sine die,
that the country may have rest; that the people
may have peace.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. I will in a
moment demand the previous question ; and
the House can second it or not, as it may see
proper. The majority of the House can second
the demand for the previous question, and then
pass or reject the resolution ; or they can refuse
to second the previous question and open the
question to indefinite discussion.
Mr. HOPKINS. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer au amendment; to strike out Mon-
day, the 27th, and insert Friday, the 31st, as the
day for taking the recess?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
yield for that amendment.
Now, sir, looking at this matter as a practi-
cal question, let me say one word as to the
business of the House, that gentlemen, may
determine whether it is necessary for the public
interest that we should remain iiere any longer
than Monday or even Saturday. All the appro-
priation bills have passed both Houses. The
tax bill, I have every reason to believe, has been
signed, and I have it from the most reliable
authority that we shall not be kept here on ac-
count of the President declining to act on bills
presented to him. Every political bill which he
is not disposed to sign he will return with his
veto before the time we propose to fix for the
adjournment.
Mr. SPALDING. Has the gentleman had
an interview with the President ? [Laughter. ]
Mr. WASHBURNE, ofllliuois. No, sir; but
I have my information from reliable authority.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman name
his authority?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My author-
ity is good ; and authority which the gentleman
will not dispute.
Now, sir, the question is why should we stay
here after Monday? Indeed, Senators have
told me that if we would amer.d the resolution
by fixing to-morrow or Saturday as the day of
adjournment they will accept the amendment;
that their reason for inserting Monday instead
of Friday was that they did not fully understand
the position of business in the House.
Mr. PAINE. I would like to know whether
the gentleman's information as to the action
of the Senate was derived from the sameauthor-
ity that informed him how the President would
act? [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was not.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to make an inquiry ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the Senate resolution
should now be agreed to by the House, and a
motion to reconsider entered and left pending,
would it not be within thepower of the House at
any time before Monday noon to reconsider its
action and prevent an adjournment ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As a
matter of course that could be done.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then, why cau that not
be done for the protection of the country, so
that, if before Monday noon the important bills
sent to him should not he returned with either
his approval or disapproval, we may delay our
adjournment so as to insure that those bills
shall become laws ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know exactly to what bills the gentleman re-
fers. We have already, in my judgment, done
about all the business that is required to be
done, or we can do it before the time fixed by
the Senate. There may be a design oil the ;
part of some gentlemen to keep us here per- j
manenUy—a design to enter again upon the |
impeachment of the President, as has been !
foreshadowed by my distinguished friend from j
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butlisk.] There may be 1
a design to change all the issues before the
country and to go into another impeachment
trial, and keep us here during the whole sum-
mer. For one, sir, I say I am agaiust that.
I am almost prepared to say I am against this
bill which is considered of so much importance
by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe.]
1 do not see any necessity for distributing arms
to any State in the Union.
Mr. STOKES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. PILE. I would like to know whether
it is in order to discuss a bill before the House ?
Mr. STOKES. I desire one moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. STOKES. Idesireto send to the Clerk's
desk a letter I received this morning from the
adjutant general of Tennessee.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Mr. STOKES. I ask it to be read as a part
of my speech.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman has not
the right to have it read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The adjutant general of Ten-
nessee cannot determine as to whether Con-
gress shall adjourn or not.
Mr. WOOD. The letter has nothing to do
with the matter.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois yield further to the gentleman from
PpnnPSQPA ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do.
Mr. STOKES. I oppose the adjournment
of the two Houses to December next. I am
in favor of taking a recess whenever the busi-
ness of the House and the Senate will justify
it, and allow us to go to our homes. But, sir,
the condition of things in Tennessee and in
other Slates, I say to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, and I say to this House, and I desire
every member here to hear what I have to say;
1 say that the condition of things there is such
that if this Congress adjourns without this
Government appropriating arms to the Union,
men there to protect themselves, then the Ku-
Klux-Klan will overrun those States. These
rebels are already armed. They are already
organized, and they will intimidate the Union
men and the colored men, and they will not
allow them to go to the polls. The war-cry
has gone forth, and those rebels swear they
will vote at the election in November regard-
less of our Constitution and laws. They say
that they have the right to do it. They say
the President's proclamation 
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. STOKES. I know the gentleman from
Pennsylvania does not like to hear this.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
point of order. The remarks of the gentleman
are not out of order. The Chair will state
that while it is not in order, upon the adjourn-
ment of Congress or the taking of a recess, to
discuss any bill pending before Congress, or
to discuss any election that is to occur, it is in
order for the gentleman to state his opinion
as to the condition of the country and as to
whether it is wise or unwise to adjourn. Dis-
cussions of the military bill, the funding bill,
or the presidential election are not in order.
If they have everything would be in order on
the question of adjournment or taking a recess;
but the opinion of a member as to the condi-
tion of the country is in order on the question
whether the House should or should not ad-
journ.
Mr. STOKES. I propose to read 
The SPEAKER. The opinion of some
other person is notthe opinion of the gentleman.
Mr. STOKES. I state it as a fact, to show I
the condition of things in Tennessee, and as a i
reason why this House ought not to adjourn j
until certain things are done. The facts are j
these  I
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the letter j
being read. |
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten- i
nessee will see that if he can read the opinion i
of the adjutant general of Tennessee he can
read the opinion of every one of the forty mil-
lions of people in America.
Mr. STOKES. I will express my own opin-
ion, and my own opinion is, from the faefs in
my possession, and I am sure I am right, .that
unless this military bill is passed and, arms
given to the Union people of the South the
Union people there, white and black, will be
overrun. And it is the duty of Congress to
remain here until this measure is put through.
To day, sir, my people are expecting e.very
moment when Forrest and his rebel Demo-
cratic crew will next make a raid upon them.
We were entitled to ten thousand stand of arms
and only drew two thousand. I want this
House to remain in session until wecanaseer-
tain why it was that the demand of the Gov-
ernor of the State of Tennessee for ten thou-
sand arms was not complied with. We only
received two thousand ; eight thousand remain,
and we to-day demand those eight thousand
arms ; and I tell this House that this is a matter
of life and death. I am satisfied that at a very
early day we shall need these arms. The rebels
have determined that they will rule the country
or they will exterminate the loyal white and col-
ored people, and I propose to meet them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I resume
the floor.
Mr. STOKES. I hope the House will not
adopt the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I ask the
gentleman from Illinois to yield and allow me
to offer an amendment, which I have no doubt
he will consent to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
can vote down the previous question, which
will bring the whole subject before it for dis-
cussion. I will say a word in reply to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stokes,] and
then insist upon a vote on seconding the pre-
vious question. I have no doubt of the griev-
ous and terrible state of things existing in the
South to which the gentleman refers, but the
question is, and it is one of the gravest, I think,
that was ever thrust upon us, whether that
state of things is to be remedied by sending
arms into those States? Sir, I believe that in
most of the States it will not be ten days after
your arms are sent there before they will be in
the hands of the rebels to be used against loyal
men.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of order. I was stopped in dis-
cussing this question, and the gentleman is out
of order if 1 was. The gentleman is discuss-
ing a bill that is before the House in relation
to supplying arms to the States.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ruled that
there is no such bill before the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
a bill before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not argue
the point of order. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had a right to appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair when the Chair decided that
the gentleman was out of order in discussing
the presidential election.
Mr. BOYDEN. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield to me?
Mr. STOKES. One single word. *s®iegen-
tleman from Illinois says it will not take ten
days if these arms are sent before they will be
taken from the'colored people and put into
the hands of rebels4 I simply desire to state
that the two thousand which we drew last year
are in the hands of Union men.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That may
be so in Tennessee. I did not allude to that
State, but to the other southern States j and I
tell gentlemen to beware before they press this
measure, lest it should incite civil war and
insurrection, and bring on the very state of
things which you desire to prevent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I&skfor
a ruling on my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman from Illinois
is discussing a bill w&ioh is not before the
House.
