2330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
April 24>
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 24, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
impeachment of the president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore called the
Senate to order, .and at once vacated (.he chair
that it might bo occupied by the Chief Justice.
The Senate, sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment, having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the chair
at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.
bxhcutive messages.
Several executive messages, in writing, were
received from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 24, 1868.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. 13. Boynton.
By unanimous consent the reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
appointments in interior department.
Mr. MILLER. 1 ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for considera-
tion at this time:
Mcsolved, That the Sccrotary of tholntcrior bo, and
is heroby, directerlto inform this House of tho names
and date of clerks appointed in that Department
since til e Is t of April last, and by whom recommended.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. I object.
cotton cases.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, entered a motion to reconsider
the vote by which a communication from the
clerk of the Court of Claims in reference to
judgments in cotton cases was laid upon the
table and ordered to be printed.
florida prize casic8v
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1024) to facilitate the
settlement of certain prize cases in the south-
ern district of Florida; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to tho Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
order of business.
The SPEAKER stated that on the return of
the House he would present certain executive
communications; but that no other business
would be done unless the House returned before
three o'clock.
impeachment of tiie president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of eleven o'clock
having arrived the House will now resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole, according to
order, and proceed to the bar of the Senate,
following the managers and preceded by the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole, who
will be attended by the Clerk and acting Door-
keeper.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, in obedience to the order,
and proceeded to the bar of the Senate.
At four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.
the Committee of the Whole returned to the
Hall, and the Speaker having resumed the
chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the man-
agers to the bar of the Senate, sittingas a court
of impeachment for the trial of Andrew John-
son ; progress has been made in the trial, and
the Senate, sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, has adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock m.
sioux indians.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
letter from General H. H. Sibley, giving addi-
tional information relative to the destitute con-
dition of tile Sioux Indiana near Devil's lake,
Dakota Territory; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
patent office accommodations.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of t.lie Interior, transmitting a communi-
cation from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, relative to additional accommoda-
tions for the Patent Office ; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents.
destitute indians in kansas.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting the
report of special agent A. R. Banks, relative
to the destitute condition of various Indian
tribes in Kansas; which was referred to tho
Committee on Appropriations.
revenue service.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, relative to the
number of vessels in the revenue service and
the further requirements of the service ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
soldiers' national cemetery.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Governor of Pennsylvania, transmitting an
act of the Assembly of that State, relative to
the soldiers' national cemetery; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
supplies for destitute indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a communica-
tion from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
in relation to the immediate necessity of an
appropriation for the purpose of furnishing
supplies to destitute and friendly Indians;
which was' referred to tho Committee on Ap-
propriations.
post routii in wisconsin.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, intro-
duceda bill (H. R. No. 1025) to establish a
post route from Lower Lynxville to Freeman,
in the State of Wisconsin; which was road a
first and second lime, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads 
distribution of revenue stamps*
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Towa, in reference to making post-
masters agents for the distribution of revenue
stamps; which were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
lake michigan and mississippi river.
Mr. PRICE also, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of the Legislature of
the State of Iowa, in reference to connecting
the waters of the Mississippi river with the
•waters of Lake Michigan ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
iowa river un navigable.
Mr. PRICE also, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Iowa, asking to have the Iowa
river declared unnavigable; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
peter j. knapp.
Mr. PRICE also, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Iowa, for the relief of Peter J.
Knapp; which were referred to the Committee
oil Military Affairs.
bridging the missouri river.
Mr. PRICE also, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Iowa, in reference to bridging
the Missouri river; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
wisconsin river valley railroad.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, presented
the memorial of the Legislature of the State
of Wisconsin, for a grant of land to aid m the
construction of the Wisconsin River Valley
railroad; which was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
appointments in treasury department.
The speaker, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury :
Treasury Department, April 24,1808.
Sir: In reply to tho resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 20th instant, instructing tho
Sccrotary of tho Treasury " to communicate to this
Houso the names of all persons who have applied lor
appointments in his Department, tho office applied
for, and thenameof anymembcrof Congress recom-
mending tho same in any way, and in what oases (if
any) th&appointment has been directed by tboorder
of thoPresident, or by his Secretary, r.inee the 20th day
ot February, 1868," I transmit, herewith listsshowmg
tho names of all applicants for office, the office ap-
plied for, and tho names of members of Congress
recommending tlio same, together with lists showing
those appointed since February 20,1863. No appoint-
ment has been directed by the President or his Sec-
retary sineo that date, except in the case of the nom-
ination of D. M. Fleming as assessor of the fourth
district of Ohio, which is now before the Senate.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
h. mcculloch.
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax.
Speaker of the House of BcpreseMativen.
Mr. HARDING. I move that the commu-
nication and accompanying papers be laid o.n
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move that they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the amendments of the
House to Senate bill No. 462, making-appro-
priations for the expenses of the trial of Andrew
Johnson and other contingent expenses of the
Senate for the year ending June 30, 1868, and
for other purposes.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The adjournment will be
to twelve o'clock to-morrow, the Senate hav-
ing adjourned to that time.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to; and
accordingly (at four o'clock and twenty-five
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned till twelve
o'clock m. to-morrow.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of citizens
of Matagordaand Gillespie counties, Texas, for
a division of said State.
Also, the petition of John Blair, Houston
county, 1. exas, to be relieved from political
disabilities incurred by participation in the re-
bellion.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of O. A.
Cntchett and others, of Monroe cotaoty, Michi-
gan, praying for a law granting pensions to the
few surviving soldiers and non-commissioned
officers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. CARY: The petition of John J.
Clark, asking for an increase of pension, hav-
ing been in the service forty-nine years and
eleven months.
Also, the petition of same, for veteran bounty.
By Mr. GARFIELD : A memorial of officers
ot the Army, praying that the pay of retired
officers may not be decreased.
By Mr. HARDING: The petition of relief
of Lieutenant John II. Hays, of McDonough
county, Illinois, for relief.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of Miss
Esther Graves, for pension.
