THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
from resignation, from circumstances not pro-
duced by the act of the appointing power.
The wotds "happen" and "happened" are
of frequent use m the Bible, " that well of pure j
English uudefiled," and always in the sense of j'
accident, fortuity, chance, without previous
expectation, as to befall, to light, to fall, or to
come unexpectedly. This clause of the Con-
stitution contains a grant of power to the Pres-
ident, and under and by virtue of it he may
take and exercise the power granted, but
nothing by construction or by implication. He
then, by virtue of his office, may, during the
recess of the Senate, grant comtuissionswhich
shall expire at the end of the next session, and
thus fill up any vacancies that may happen;
that is, that may come by chance, by accident,
•without any agency on his part.
if, then, it be necessary and proper, as un-
doubtedly it is necessary and proper, that pro-
vision should be made for the suspension or
temporary removal of officers who, in the recess
of the Senate, have proved to be incapable or
dishonest, or who in the judgment of the Pres-
ident are disqualified for the further discharge
of the duties of their ollices, it- is clearly a
legislative right and duty, uuder the clause of
the Constitution which authorizes Congress
" to make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper to carry into execution the foregoing
powers, and all other powers vested in ihe
Government of the United Stales, or in any
department or officer thereof," to provide lor
the contingency. It is no answer to this view
of the case to say that until the 2d of March,
1867, Congress neglected to legislate upon this
subject, and that during the long period of
such neglect, by the advice of Attorneys Gen-
eral, the practice was introduced and con-
tinued, by which the President, during the re-
cess of the Senate, removed from ollice per-
sons who had been nominated by the President
and confirmed by the Senate. This practice
having originated in the neglect of Congress to
legislate upon a subject clearly within its juris-
diction, and only tolerated by Congress, has,
at most, the force of a practice or usage which
can at any time be annulled or controlled by
statute.
This view is also sustained by the reasoning
of Hamilton, in the sixty-seventh number of
the Federalist, in which ho says :
"The last, of these two clauses, it is equally clear,
cannot bo understood to comprehend the power ot
filling vacancies ia tlio Senate, for tho following
reasons: First, the relation in which that clause
stands to the other, which declares the general mode
of appointing officers of thoUnUed States, denotes
it to be nothing more than asupplementtothoother,
for the purpose of establishing an auxiliary method
of appointment in cases to which the general method
was inadequate. Ttieordinarypowerof appointment
is confided to the Pre.<idont and Senate jointly, and
can therelore only be exercised during the session of
the Senate; but as it would have been improper to
oblige this body to be continually in session for the
appointment of officers, and as vacancies might hap-
pen in their recexs, which it might be necessary for
the pub!icservi,ee to fill without delay, the succeed-
ing clause is evidently intended t,o authorize the
President, singly, to make temporary appointments
'during the recess of the Senate, by granting com-
missions which should expire at the end of their
next session.'"'
The arguments which I have thus offered,
and the authorities quoted, show lhat the Pres-
ident had not the power during the session of
the Senate to remove either the Secretary of
War or any civil officer from office by virtue
of the Constitution. The power of removal
during the recess of the Senate was recognized
by the act of 1789, and tolerated by the coun-
try upon the opinions of Attorneys General till
1867. The President claims, however, and as
an incident of thepowerof removal, the power
to suspend from office indefinitely any officer
of the Government; but inasmuch as his claim
to the power of removal is not supported by
the Constitution, he cannot sustain any other
claim as an incident of that power. Butif the
power to remove were admitted, it would by
no means follow that the President has the
power to suspend indefinitely. The power to
suspend indefinitely is a different power from
that of removal, and it is in no proper se,nse
necessarily an incident. It might be very well
Supplement—18.
conceived that if the framers of the Constitu-
tion Jiad thought fit to confer upon the Presi-
dent the power to remove a public officer ab-
solutely, his removal to be followed by the
nomination of a successor to the Senate, they
might yet have denied to the President the
power to suspend public officers indefinitely
and to supply their places by his appointees
without the advice and consent of the Senate.
But, inasmuch as the power to suspend inde-
finitely is not a power claimed as a specific grant
under the Constitution, and as the claim by the
President of the power of removal during a
session of the Senate is not sustained by the
text of the Constitution or by any good author-
ity under it, it is not important to consider
whether, if the power of removal were admitted
to exist, the power to suspend indefinitely could
be considered as an incident. It is sufficient
to say that neither power, in the sense claimed
by the President, exists under the Constitution
or by any provision of law.
I respectfully submit, Senators, that there
can be no reasonable doubt of the soundness
of the view I liave^ presented, both of the lan-
guage and meaning of the Constitution in re-
gard to appointments to office. But, if there
were any doubt, it is competent and proper
to consider the effects of the claim, if recog-
nized, as set up by the President. And in a
matter of doubt as to the construction of the
Constitution it would be conclusive of its true
interpretation that the claim asserted by the
President is fraught with evils of the gravest
character. lie claims the right, as well when
the Senate is in session us when it is not in
session, to remove absolutely, or to suspend
for an indefinite period of time, according to
his own discretion, every officer of the Army,
of the Navy, and ol the civil service, and to
supply their places with creatures and partisans
of his own. To be sure, he has not asserted,
in direct form, his right to remove and suspend
indefinitely officers of the Army and Navy ; but
when you consider that the Constitution makes
no distinction in the tenure of office between
military, naval, and civil officers; that all are
nominated originaNy by the President and re-
ceive their appointments upon the confirmation
of the Senate, and hold their oflices uuder the
Constitution by no other title than that which
secures to a Cabinet officer or to a revenue col-
lector the office to which he has been appointed,
there can be no misunderstanding as to the
nature, extent, and dangerous character of the
claim which the President makes. The state-
ment of this arrogant and dangerous assump-
tion is a sufficient answer to any doubt which
might exist in the mind of any patriot as to
the true intent aud meaning of the Constitu-
tion. It cannot, be conceived that the men who
framed that instrument, who weie devoted to
liberty, who had themselves suffered by the
exercise of illegal and irresponsible power,
would have vested in the President of the
United States an authority, to be exercised
without the restraint or control of any other
branch or department of the Government,
which would enable him to corrupt the civil,
military, and naval officers of the country by
rendering tliem absolutely dependent for their
positions and emoluments upon his will.
At the present time there are forty-one
thousand officers, whose aggregate emoluments
exceed $21,000,000 per annum. To all these
the President's claim applies. These facts
express the practical magnitude of the subject.
Moreover, this claim was never asserted by
any President or by any public man from the
beginning of the Government until the present
time. It is in violation also of the act of July
13, 1866, which denies to the Executive the
power to remove officers of the Army and the
Navy, except upon sentence of a court-martial.
The history of the career of Andrew Johnson
shows that he has been driven to the assertion
of this claim by circumstances and events con-
nected with his criminal design to break down
the power of Congress, to subvert the institu-
tions of the country, and thereby to restore
the Union in the interest of those who partici-
pated in the rebellion. Having entered upon
this career of crime, he soon found it essential
to the accomplishment of his purposes to secure
the support of the immense retinue of public
officers of every grade and description in the
country. This he could not do without making
them entirely dependent upon his will; and in
order that they might realize their dependence,
and thus be made subservient to his puiposes,
he determined to assert ail authority over them
unauthorized by the Constitution, and there-
fore not attempted by any Chief Magistrate,
llis conversation with Mr. Wood in the autumn
of 1800 fully discloses this purpose.
Previous to the passage of the temire-of-
office act he had removed hundreds of faithful
and patriotic public officers, to the great detri-
ment of the public service, and followed by an
immense loss of the public revenues. At the
time of the passage of the act lie was so far
involved in his mad schemes-—schemes of am-
bition and revenge—that it was, in his view,
impossible for him to retrace his steps. He
consequently determined, by various artifices
and plans, to undermine that law and secure to
himself, in defiance of the will of Congress and
of the country, entire control of the officers in
the civil service aud in the Army and the Navy.
He thus becaniegradually involved in an unlaw-
ful undertaking from which he could not re-
treat. In the presence of the proceedings
against him by the tluuse of Representatives
he had no alternative but to assert that under
the Constitution power was vested in the Pres-
ident exclusively, without the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to remove from office every
person in the service of the country. This
policy, as yet acted upon in part, and devel-
oped chiefly in the civil service, has already pro-
duced evils which threaten the overthrow of
the Government. When he removed faithful
public officers, aud appointed others whose only
claim to consideration was their unreasoning
devotion to his interest and unhesitating obe-
dience to his will, they compensated themselves
for this devotion and this obedience by frauds
upon the revenues and by crimes against the
laws of the land. Hence it has happened that
in the internal revenue service alone—chiefly
through the corruption of men whom he has
thus appointed—the losses have amounted to
not, less than twenty-five, and probably to more
than fifty million dollars during the last two
years.
In the presence of these evils, which were
then only partially realized, the Congress of
the United States passed the tenure-of-office
act as a barrier to their further progress.
This act thus far has proved ineffectual as a
complete remedy; and now the President, by
his answer to the articles of impeachment,
asserts his right to violate it altogether, and
by an interpretation of the Constitution which
is alike hostile to its letter aud to the peace
and welfare of the country he assumes to
himself absolute and unqualified power over
all the offices and officers of the country. The
removal of Mr. Stuuton, contrary to the Con-
stitution and the laws, is the particular crime
of the President for which we now demand
his conviction. The extent, the evil charac-
ter, and the dangerous nature of thejelaims by
which he seeks to justify his conduct are con-
trolling considerations. By his conviction you
purify the Government and restore it to its ori-
ginal character. By his acquittal you surren-
der the Government into the hands of an usurp-
ing and unscrupulous man, who will use all the
vast power he now claims for the corruption
of every branch of the public service and the
final overthrow of the public liberties.
Nor is it any excuse for the President that
he has, as stated in his answer, taken the ad-
vice of bis Cabinet officers in support of his
claim. In the first place, he had- no right
under the Constitution to the advice of the
head of a Department except upon subjects
relating to the duties of his Department. If
the President has chosen to seek the advice of
his Cabinet upon other matters, and they have
seen fit to give it upon subjects not relating
