1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1307
o'clock yesterday the Committee 011 Appro-
priations adjourned, and no meeting was had
until this morning; and in the meantime the
proviso was reported to this House.
Now, the difference between the proviso
agreed to by the committee and this I find to be:
the proviso agreed to by the committee was to
consolidate regiments and reduce them in num-
ber, and that would operate in this way: if you
consolidate two regiments, the new one from
the minimum to the maximum, then you have
thirty-six officers to one thousand men ; but if
you keep these skeleton regiments of five hun-
dred each then you have thirty-six officers to
five hundred men, and you double the expense
without increasing the force.
If you have thirty thousand men in thirty
regiments you will have thirty times thirty-
six officers, or ten hundred and eighty officers,
not-to speak of staff officers and non-commis-
sioned staff officers. If you have thirty thou-
sand men in sixty regiments, you will have sixty
times thirty-six officers, twenty-one hundred
and sixty officers to the same number of men.
You are, therefore, not reducing the expenses
of your Army by this amendment, for the offi-
cers' pay and allowances are a great portion of
the expense. The only reduction made by it
is a reductio ad absurdum. You thereby keep
an immense army of officers and leave out the
men.
A further difficulty I find is in this—and to
that I wish to call the attention of the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Blaine]—his amend-
ment changes what has always been the law
heretofore. By the law, hitherto, any citizen
may be appointed to any office in the Army by
the* President of the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate. But
by this provision, prepared in the office of the
General of the Army, no citizen, a volunteer
officer or soldier, can be appointed in the Army;
but all appointtments hereafter to be made
must be from those already in the Army or
from graduates from West Point. And behold
such a sweeping provision as that put in an
appropriation bill.
Let me repe.it the statement I have made:
by the law as it now stands any civilian may
be appointed into the Army. If this proviso
shall become a law no civilian can be appointed
into the Army to any grade ; all appointments
must be made from old Army officers or from
graduates from West Point so long as this
remains the law.
One thing further. I do not myself see the
exact necessity for the institution at West
Point just now to educate officers for military
service. Wc have now in this country some
eight thousand officers between the ages of
twenty-one and thirty years in civil lite who
for four years received an education in the
field service. I venture to say they received
as good an education in that service as they
could have received at West Point in the same
time. Now, why we should take young men
from schools and colleges and put Ilium at
school at West Point, at the expense of the
Government, to make officers is a question
which I propose to discuss at some time, but
not on a proviso to an appropriation bill. Why
should we prevent by laws any one of all these
educated officers, educated by years of fire and
blood, from having a chance to get commis-
sions in the Army? That is a question I want
this House now to answer by rejecting this bill
if necessary.
Again, by this bill you cut off all non-com-
missioned officers and soldiers in the Army
now from any hope of promotion. Y'ou bring
your Army to the English system, by which no
man, unless he be the sou of a nobleman or
by purchase, can get into the Army as an offi-
cer. Indeed, our system, under this proviso,
would be even worse than the English, be-
cause instead of having an educated aristoc-
racy of noblemen irom which to draw our offi-
cers we would have a bastard aristociacy of
caste. What hope of promotion, what induce-
jnenl to perfcct himself in his profession) would
the soldier in the ranks have held out to him?
You would never get a Junot. or a Murat from
your Army, because under this law he could
never get promoted from the ranks.
Now, while I am sorry to be obliged to op-
Dose the whole Army bill on account of this
amendment,, yet my duty to myself, to my own
convictions of right and justice, to the volun-
teer soldier and to the citizen and to the coun-
try, compels me to oppose it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. I now yield two minutes to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. I desire to make this
suggestion to the House. My impression is
very strong that this bill, in its present form,
ought not to pass with the provision to which
so much objection has been made, and which
was adopted by only four or five majority. I
would inquire of the Chair whether, after dis-
posing of this matter of amending the title, it
is not competent for the House to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and to
recommit the bill to the Committee on Ap-
propriations with instructions to report it back
as passed by the House, with the exception of
the proviso whicb has given rise to all this dis-
cussion ?
The SPEAKER. In the first place, the
amendment itself cannot be reconsidered, be-
cause, upon the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburn's,] the motion to
reconsider was laid on the table. The only
way now to review the action of the House is
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed, and then to recommit the bill to the
Committee on Appropriations with or without
instructions.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I hope that will be done.
Mr. BLAINE. If the members of the House
desire to have the Army red uced, and think that
some step should now be taken for that pur-
pose, I would pi'opose a modification of the
amendment which has been so strongly objected
to, if it can be done by general consent, which
will obviate the point which has been so angrily
made against the other amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. A woid right here.
Mr. BLAINE. Not now. I suggest this
amendment in place ot the other:
And, until otherwise ordered, no move than one
hundred commissions for the Army shall bo issued in
any one year.
Mr. PRUYN. Excluding those from West
Point ?
Mr. BLAINE. I do not exclude anybody;
I do not say to whom they shall be issued.
Mr. PAINE. I think I can suggest an
addition to the proposed amendment of the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Biatxe] which
will be satisfactory. Add to his amendment
the following:
Provided, That these hundred commissions shall
he distributed among volunteer officers, Officers of
the regular Army, and \Vest. Point cadets, in accord-
ance with the provision of tho existing law.
A Member. That provision has ceased to
operate.
Mr. PAINE. I am informed that that pro-
vision has ceased to operate ; and I therefore
withdraw my suggestion. But tho effect of
the proposed amendment of the gentleman
will be to leave this provision of the bill just
as it is now.
Mr. BLAINE. How?
Mr. PAINE. Because-—
Mr. BLAINE. I withdraw the suggestion ;
I made it only to meet the objections of gen-
tlemen. I will not object to a reconsideration
of the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 will say that if the passage
of the bill is reconsidered I will withdraw my
amendment to the title.
Mr. BLAINE. T would prefer rather that
this objectionable proviso should be entirely
struck ont and have the bill pass without it.
Mr. LOGAN. There is a proviso of the
same character in the printed bill. Does the
gentleman's proposition apply t<j,that also?
Mr. BLAINE. Of course it does.
The SPEAKER. The proviso in the printed
bill was stricken out. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] to
withdraw his amendment to the title of the
bill.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly, in order that the
bill may be reconsidered.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the vote by which the bill was passed will be
regarded as reconsidered, in order to enable
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] to
move an amendment to the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. BLAINE. What is the condition of
the question now?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] objects to the arrange-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaine.] The motion to amend the title
having been withdrawn, tho pending question
is upon the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Washburne,] to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was passed. Does the gentleman withdraw that
motion ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Ullinois. I with-
draw both motions—the motion to reconsider
and the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. BANKS. I renew the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now opeu to
amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the following proviso :
Provided, That the expenditure of the money
herein appropriated shall bo limited and controlled
by tho following condition, namely, until otherwise
ordered by law no new commission shall be issued m
any regiment except to those who are entitled by law
to appointment as second lieutenants by graduation
at the United States Military Academy; but this
provision shall not bo construed to deprive any offi-
cer of whatever promotion may bo open to him by
the occurrence of vacancies among his superiors in '
rank.
Tho SPEAKER. That lequiresunanimous
consent, the motion to reconsider the vote by
which that proviso was adopted having been
laid on'the table.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I now mov<; to further
amend the bill by restoring the sums charged
on motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Soiiemjk.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection. I
was only following up his own amendment.
The SPEAKER. They will all be reported
as one amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out tho following:
For commutation of officers subsistence, si,800,000.
For commutation of forage for officers' horses,
^ For payments in lieu of clothing for officers' ser-
vients, $225,000.
And in lieu thereof insert the following:
For commutation of officers' subsistence, 5-2,133,413.
For commutation of forage for officers horses,
$20,000. „ „. ,
For payments in lieu of clothing for omccrs ser-
vants, §250,000.
The SPEAKER. That restores the bill to
what it was when reported from the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. BLAINE demanded the previous ques-
tion. . .
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order, that it is not in order to strike out
what has been inserted by the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, or else the House would be
powerless to correct an error.
Mr. RANDALL. The amendment does
away with the reductions in the appropria-
tions which we had agreed to. 1 hope it will
not be adopted.
