1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3355
standing committees; I do not know precisely I
how many. Some of these committees meet
and do business and some of them do not. 1
have the honor of being a member of a com-
mittee of the Senate which has not met this
session, to my knowledge. I have received no
notice of it, if they have met. I speak of the
Committee on Manufactures, presided over by
the distinguished Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Sprague.] I have the honor, also, of
being a member of another committee which
has met, and which has important duties to
perform. Each of these committees employs
a clerk. There are, I will not undertake to
say how many, standing committees in all ;
but twenty-four, I think, as I judge by a hasty
glance ; and every one of these standing com-
mittees is furnished with a clerk at about
eighteen hundred dollars a year, whether they
meet or not; and I undertake to say that not
half of them meet at all; at any rate if they do,
it is not more than twice a year. For what
purpose are these clerks furnished to such com-
mittees ? For the benefit of the chairman to
perform his business, to do his work. I will
not say that that is improper. I do not say
that it is improper. I do not know but that it is
proper ; but I say if the honorable Senator
wishes to reduce the clerical force and save the
Government expense it seems to me it would
be more proper to begin with the committees
here in this body which never meet, and have
not even a pretense of any labor to perform,
and still are furnished with a clerk, than to go
to the Executive Mansion and deprive the Pres-
dent of two or three clerks.
In my judgment the President needs all the
aid that he has. I do not believe that when
the law of 1866 was passed, he was furnished
with any more assistants than he needed. The
whole executive business of this country is to
be performed by three or four or five clerks.
I no not think it is too much. I think he is
entitled to all that assistance, and while I have
not the slightest doubt that the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations has
acted in good faith, honestly in this matter, as
he always does, and believes that here can be
a proper saving, I do think he has made a
mistake. I think the Senate ought not to adopt
this amendment. But if the honorable Sen-
ator were to substitute for this amendment a
proposition that committees of the Senate
which do not meet over twice a year shall be
deprived of their clerks, he would save to the
Government twice as much money as this does,
and it would come with much better grace from
the Committee on Appropriations than does
this amendment.
The PRESIDENT£>?-o tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
committee.
The question being put there were on a divis-
ion—ayes 11, noes 7 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 12 ; as follows :
Y EAS—Messrs. Cole, Conkling, Conness, Edmunds,
ferry, Harlan, Howard, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont. Patterson of New Hampshire.
Pomoroy, Stewart. Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—19.
NAY'S—Messrs. Bayard, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Hendricks, McCreery, Patterson of Tennessee, lloss,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, and Willey—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
Catteli, Chandler, Corbctt, CraKin, Drake, Fessen-
clen, Fowler, Frelinghuyson, Grimes, Henderson,
Howe, Johnson, Morton, Norton, Nye, Ramsey, Van
"Winkle, Viekers, Williams, and Yates—23.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and two, to strike out the words " five
hundred and thirty-eight" and to insert "seven
hundred and twenty;" so that the clause will
read:
For compensation to the laborer in charge of tho
water-closets in the Capitol, &720.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and nine, to strike out the words six-
teen thousand and eighty andtoinsert "nine-
teen thousand two hundred and ninety-six
so that the clause will read:
For compensation of a foreman and twenty-one
laborers employed in the public grounds, £19,296.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and twelve, to strike out the word "nine"
and to insert " eightso that the clause will
read:
For compensation of two watchmen at tho Presi-
dent's House, SI,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and fourteen, to strike out "seven hun-
dred and twenty" and to insert "one thou-
sand;" so that the clause will read:
For compensation of the doorkeeper at the Presi-
dent's House, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line three
hundred and fourteen, to strike out the follow-
ing clause:
For compensatisn of assistant doorkeeper at the
President's House, §720.
The amendment was agreed to^
The next amendment was to strike outlines
three hundred and seventeen, three hundred
and eighteen, and three hundred and nineteen,
in the following words:
For compensation of one night watchman at tho
public stables and carpenters' shops south of the
Capitol, SI,000. .
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and twenty-one, to strike out "thirty-six
hundred" and to insert "five thousand;" so
that the clause will read:
For compensation of five watchmen in reservation
No. 2, S5.UOO.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and twenty-four, to strike out "five" and
insert "seven;" so that the clause will read:
For compensation of drawkeepers at tho Potomac
bridge, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, $7,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and thirty-one, to strike out "seven hun-
dred and twenty" and to insert "eight hun-
dred and sixty-four;" so that the clause will
read:
For compensation of furnace keeper under the old
Hall of the House of Representatives, iS61.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and forty-one, to insert after the word
" Congress," the words "and Supreme Court
room;" so that the clause will read :
For compensation of the person in charge of the
heating apparatus of tho Library of Congress and
Supreme Court room, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and fifty-two, after the appropriation for
compensation of the officers of the Depart-
ment of State, to insert the following proviso :
Provided, That the act of August 18,1856, entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act requiring
foreign regulations of commerce to be laid annually
befoie Congress,' approved August 1(3, 1842, and for
other purposes," and also that the second section
of the act of July 25,1866, entitled "An act making
appropriations l'or the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending 30th
June, 1867, and for other purposes," be, and tho
same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will allow me, I wish to amend the amend-
ment of the committee, by inserting the words
" third section of the " in the first line; so as
to read:
Provided, That tho third section of the act of
August 18,1856, &c.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mod-
ification will will be made, if there is no objec-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The object of
the amendment of the committee is to repeal
that third section instead of the act itself.
That may obviate the objection which the
Senator may have to it.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all; if anything it
S will make the objection still more important.
' I am instructed—
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ments of the Committee on Appropriations are
not yet gone through with.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is on this
proposed amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations. I was about to say that I waa
instructed by the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions to oppose the adoption of this amend-
ment, and to move instead thereof an appro-
priation for the officers whose offices it is pro-
posed by this amendment to destroy. This
amendment is aimed at certain officers in the
Department of State; and if you look at it,
you will see it is divided into two clauses.
The first is as follows:
" That the act of August 18,1856, entitled 'An act
to amend an act entitled "An act requiring foreign
regulations of commerce to be laid annually before
Congress," approved August 18,1812, and for other
purposes, shall bo repealed"'
This lias now been amended on the motion
of the Senator from Maine by making the
repeal applicable only to the last section of the
act of 185G, the effect of which is to destroy tho
office known as that of superintendent of sta-
tistics and one clerk in the office. The section
is as follows:
"That the Secretary of State be, and is hereby,
authorized and required to appoint one cferk, who
shall have charge of statistics in said Department,
and shall be called' Superintendent of Statistics,' and
shall receive a salary of $2,000 per annum, and shall
be allowed, as an assistant, one clerk of the third
class, which clerk the Secretary of State is hereby
authorized and required to appoint."
That section, it will be observed, naturally
belongs to the statute where it appears. The
object of this statute is to provide that com-
mercial information communicated by consuls
shall be reported to Congress, and further, that
consuls shall be bound to procure such inform-
ation. But you will observe that if thestatute
simply provided for the communication of such
information to Congress, and that C3nenls
should communicate that information to the
Department of State, it would_ not go far
enough. There must be a provision for the
examination and systematizing of that inform-
I ation; and this is found in the third section,
1 which it is now proposed to repeal, under which
the Secretary of State is authorized to appoint
' a clerk, whose duty it shall be to receive,
examine, and arrange these statistics. Now,
the question that you are to decide is, whether
you are to give up that branch of duty in the
Department of State. It was assigned to that
Department as long ago as 1856, and it has
been discharged faithfully, I believe, ever since.
You will remember, sir, that onlyayear or
more ago a superintendent of statistics was
appointed in the Treasury Department with a
salary of $3,500 a year. It was the opinion
of the committee that the service done at_tho
Department of State in examining, arranging,
and reporting these consular statistics might
properly be assigned to the general Bureau of
Statistics at the Department of the Treasury,
if it were deemed important to continue that
bureau. I have heard some objections to it
partly oil the ground that the present superin-
tendent was not in all respects what would be
desired for the place. On that, however, I do
not express any opinion. I think that all the
statistics of the Government, what I would call
the statistics proper, should pass through one
bureau ; that it is not expedient to have one
general bureau at the Treasury Department
and another special bureau at the State Depart-
ment. At the same time, I must observe that
the committee in making their present prop-
osition do not undertake to transfer from the
State Department the bureau which was created
there in 1856, but they abolish it. They leave
all the consularstatisticswhich may be received
there, and which now for twelve years have
| been examined, arranged, and reported by a
| special clerk in that Department, unprovided
It seems to me that it is not expedient to
touch this subject until we are prepared to
