1308
the congressional globe.
February 21,
The House divided; and there were—aves
80, noes 22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bii! was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
navy appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the House will consent to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
take up the Navy appropriation bill. After
it has been read for information I will move
that the committee rise. I make the motion
that the rules be suspended and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The motion was disagreed to.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave of
absence for ten days for Mr. Trimble, of Ten-
nessee; Mr. Washburn, of Indiana; and Mr.
Williams, of Indiana.
And_ then, on motion of Mr. WASH-
BURNE, of Illinois, (at four o'clock and thirty
minutes p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By the SPEAKER: The petition of John
Beeson, praying the establishment of a more
humane and efficient system of managing In-
dian affairs.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of H. S.
Gibbons, former paymaster at St. John's, Mich-
igan, praying Congress to refund to him $500,
post office fnnds stolen from his room by bur
glars; also, a letter of the Postmaster General,
recommending the same to Congress.
By Mr. ELA: The petition of John L.
Platts, of Dover, New Hampshire, and 222
others, for a system of examination into the
moral and educational fitness of all candidates
for appointment in theoivil service.
Also, the petition of C. C. Mooney, of Al-
ton, New Hampshire, and 40 others, for the
same object. •
4-Iso, the petition of E. O. Curtis, of Farm-
ington, New Hampshire, and 10 others, for
same object.
Also, the petition ©f S. J. Laughton and G4
others, for same object.
Also, the petition of Ezekiel Hurd, of Dover,
New Hampshire, and 9 others, for the reduc-
tion of expenses to a peace standard.
By Mr. GOLLADAY : The petition of
Melinda Ferguson, of Clinton county, Ken-
tucky, for pension.
By Mr. HIGBY: The petition of colored
citizens of East Tennessee, asking aid of Con-
gress to emigrate to Liberia.
By Mr. MOOR HEAD: Six petitions, signed
by a large number of citizens of the United
States, manufacturers, consumers, and under-
writers, praying the act of Congress known as
thesteamboa't bill be so amended as to exempt
oil of vitriol, sulphuric acid, muriatic acid, and
ammonia from the provisions of said act.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of Senators
and'members of the New Jersey Legislature,
representing that by reason of the encroach-
ments of'the sea the valuable harbor at Abse-
com Inlet is in great danger of being destroyed,
together with valuable property, including the
light-house and other Government property.
By Mr. RAUM: The. petition ot Captain
Henry P. Ingram and Second Lioutcaant.fohn
H, Askins, late of company B, "sixty-second
regimont Illinois volunteers, for pay and allow-
ances from January 15,18G2, to April 10,1882.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: A memorial of
Charles W. Whitney, for relief' in building the
iron-clad battery Keokuk twenty-five per cent.
larger than agreed upon when price was named,
and for which no compensation has been paid.
By Mr. SPALDING: Thepetition of William
Backus, of Cleveland, Ohio, for increase of
pay while in military service.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Peleg
Cornell, for relief.
_ By Mr. VAN AERNAM: The petition (with
six enclosures) of William Bliss, of Chautau-
qua county, New York, praying Congress to
grant him relief for the destruction of his prop-
erty at the battle of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania,
by order of Brigadier General Hays, command-
ing a division of Union troops.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 21, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Grat, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
house bills referred.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives yesterday were severally
read twice by their titles and referred to the
Committee on Pensions:
A bill (II. R. No. 709) granting a pension
to David Ilowe;
A bill (II. 11. No. 770) granting a pension
to John II. Finlay ;
A bill (II. It. No. 771) granting a pension
to John D. Lay;
A bill (II. H. No. 772) granting a pension
to Robert McCrory;
A hill (H. R. No. 773) granting a pension
to William II. McDonald ;
A bill (II. E. No. 77-1) granting a pension
to Amos Witham ;
A bill (II. R. No. 775) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Erastns
Kinsel; and
A bill (II. II. No. 776) granting a pension
to Zephaniah Knapp, of Luzerne county,
Pennsylvania.
The bili (H. R. No. 010) extending the pro-
visions of the act of July 17, 1862, relating to
the^ naturalization of soldiers to those who
enlisted in the naval and marine service of the
United States, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The bill (R. R. No. 00o) making appiopria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 18G9, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
executive cosimukicatiojf.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 24th of Jan-
uary last, information in relation to an increase
of the employes in the New York custom-
house ; winch was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mil. JIAHVEY'S ACTION IN 1861.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I rise to a
personal explanation. On the 17th of this
month the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. IIexd-
ricks,] in some remarks which he was address-
ing to the Senate, used the following language:
" Wns it not telegraphed to Charleston, after Mr.
Lincoln's Cabinet was oiitiuuzed, that the torts were
not gointr to bo reenforeed? Was there not a letter
written by Mr. Harvey, the present ministerto Portu-
gal, in which he said lie knew what were the coun-
sels of Mr. Lincoln's administration upon that ques-
tion? Hid ho not, in that letter, sav that ho was
authorized by that Cabinet to inform the authorities
of Chaiiepton or of South Carolina that the torts
would not, ho reenforeed or supplied? What was the
policy of Mr. Lincoln's administration at that time
upon that question? It was, as published at the time,
to avoid bloodshed, to avoid the immediate clash of
arras, hoping yet, I presume, to avoid the war that
seemed so iminineut."
It was very evident from this remark that the
Senator from Indiana referred to some letter
written by Mr. Harvey at that time, shortly after
the inauguration of Mr, LihcolnJ because he
said:
" Was there not a letter written by Mr. Hnrvev the
present minister to Poitugal, in which ho said ho i.
knew what were the counsels of Mr. Lincoln's admin-
istration upon that question? Did ho not, in that
letter, say that he was authorized by that Cabinet to
inform the authorities of Charleston or of South
Carolina that the forts would not be reenforeed or
supplied?''
I then interposed, and the following remarks
were made by the gentleman from Indiana and
myself respectively;
"Mr. Grimes. The Senator, doubtless, dasires to
be accurate. 1 think the telegram was exactly the
reverse, 'l'ho telegram that was sent by Mr. Harvey
to the parties in Charleston was that I'ort Sumter
was going to berecnlore.ed; and it was on the strength
of that telegram that the attack was made upon J?ort
Sumter.
"Mr. Hendeicics. I do not recollect it so. Ihave
not read it tor some time. If so, wliat occasion was
there for Air. Harvey to write his letter explaining
that?
"Mr. Grimks. I do not know anything about any
such letter. 1 never knew lie did write such a letter.
Mr. Harvey telegraphed—and, as was afterward
btated, and, I believe, truly stated, with the knowl-
edge of the Secretary of State—to the effect that
Fort Sumter was about to bo reenforeed, and as soon
as that telegram was received in Charleston the at-
tack was made upon Fort Sumter."
I think I need not here say that in that
statement is expressed the universal sentiment
of this body at that time. I remember very
distinctly that a majority of the members of
this body undertook to ascertain what were
the facts, and to that end appointed a commit-
tee to investigate the subject, and their report
was that a telegram had been sent through the
agency of Mr. Harvey to the South Carolina
authorities at Charleston notifying them that
the forts were about to be reenforeed, because
the Administration or some members of the
Administration conceived that they were un-
der some sort of a pledge to the authorities of
South Carolina to inform them if an attempt
should be made to reenforce them. liut it
seems, Mr. President, that the impression
which was so universal in the Senate was er-
roneous, according to the statement of Mr.
Harvey, which he has furnished me this morn-
ing in a letter that I send to the .Chair and ask
to have read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Washington City, February 20,1S6S,
Sir: It was not until this morning that I became
aware of my name having been introduced into a
debate in the Senate on Monday last and of the
comments which you felt called upon to make in that
connection.
Upon referring to the Globe of the 18th instant I
find the following remarks aitubutedto Mr.Grimes:
"Mr. llarvey telegraphed—and, as was afterward
stated, and, I beiieve, truly stated, with the knowledge
of the Secretary of State—to the ettect that .Fort Sum-
ter was about to bo reenforeed, and as soon as that
telegram was received in Charleston the attack was
made upon Fort Sumter."
Believing that you have no wish to do me injustice,
or to state the facts inaccurately, X beg leave to cor-
rect an error into which you have doubtless fallen by
thei lapse of time and unrefreslied recollection.
by consulting the historical data of that critical
period it will be found that, so far from there having
been any secrecy in the effort to succor Anderson's
gallant gauioon at Fort Sumter, when that measure
had been resolved upon, the action ot the Government
was trank, friendly, and considerate.
President Lincoln sent Captain Talbot and E. S.
Chew, Lsq., of the State Department, to Chaileston
tor the express purpose of notifying the autuurities
ot his intentions, and of thus giving them a final
chance to reflect and halt before the fatal leap was
taken. Jhis is made manifest by the expressions of
the leading organ of secession in that city at the date
ot the occurrence, which may bo found cited m the
JNational Intelligencer of the 13th ot April, Ibbl, and
which may be easily verified by a formal inquiry.
, , ,w0 °'P::!al agents reached Charleston at six
o clock on Monday evening, the 8th of April, and
tneir arrival is thus noticed in the Mercury of the
morning:
t\t .'-'"''i1"!1 'lalbot came as bearer of dispatches to
Alojor Anderson, and upon making known his mis-
SiOii to General jieaurogavd promptly relumed
permir-sioii to couimiuiicuto with Fort Snmter.
Mr. Chew, we understand, camc as.?pecial mes-
senger to hie authorities hero, with an o&eial notifi-
cation from tiu* Lincoln Government that Fort
ouinter was to_ be provisioned—peaceably if pi&cti-
jjj * fowthh' necessary, it is almost neediest to
fmci that Mr. Chew leeoivcd no information of a
very coidiul nature. Both ho awl Captain '.Talbot
ueparteu on th<nr return to Washington bv the
eleven o'clock tram.''
fv, demonstrated beyond all doubt th&t
the imormatton which you sanposo to have been
communicated by me, and to have immediately led
to tuo attack oil Fort Sumter, had been made known
to tiie authorities ol' South Carolina by a direct mis-
sion trom the President, and that bo attaok was made
Hauthe iapsoof three days. More than this,
tiiii tetcgraph wns then, and Kid been tor some tuu«
Previously, in possession ot' the Gov ernmoiif, und no
