3356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
systematize it by bringing all the statistics that
are gathered together at one department or
another into one bureau. No such thing is
proposed by this amendment. Therefore, I
have to submit, that, all things considered, it
will be expedient, at least for the present, not
to adopt the amendment; in short, to leave
this little Bureau of Statistics, if it may be so
called, or rather this clerkship of statistics at
the State Department, to go on for the pres-
ent as it has for the last twelve years, and mean-
while the committee, perhaps, can. take into
consideration the expediency of carrying out
the suggestion which I have ventured to make,
by consolidating all these statistical inquiries
under one head.
That is all that I have to say with regard to
the first part of this amendment; and this
brings me to the second.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator leaves
this point, I will inquire who holds the place
in this Department now ?
Mr; SUMNER. I do not know bis name. I
do not find the name on the list in the Con-
gressional Directory. I have nothing but that
before me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You will find it in the
Blue Book.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not the Blue Book
here. If there is one at the Secretary's desk
I should like to have it. In the statute he is
called a clerk:
" That tho Secretary of State be, and is hereby,
authorized and required to appoint one clerk, who
shall have charge of statistics in said Department,
and shall becailed'SuperintendentofStatisties.'and
shall rcceive a salary of $2,000 per annum, and shall
bo allowed, as an assistant, one clerk of the third
class, which clerk the Secretary of State is hereby
authorized and required to appoint."
In reply to the Senator from New York, I
would say that according to the Blue Book the
Superintendent of Statistics is Benjamin F.
Hall; under the head of " where born," "New
York;" under the head " whence appointed,"
"New York."
Mr. CONKLING. As I have interrupted
the Senator once, I beg to inquire whether Mr.
Benjamin F. Hall holds this office now?
Mr. SUMNER. I only know by the Blue
Book, This is all I know about it.
Mr. CONKLING. I was about to inquire,
then, in what geographical range he exercised
his functions, if the Senator knew he held the
office?
Mr. SUMNER. I know nothing about it
beyond the Blue Book.
Mr. CONKLING. I know a great deal
about it beyond the Blue Book, and I thought
the Senator might know what was the geo-
graphical range of his functions.
Mr. SUMNER. No, 1 do not. This brings
me, then, to the second clause of the amend-
ment, which is as follows : "And also that the
second section of the act of July 25, 1866, en-
titled 1 An act making appropriations for tho
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1867,
and for other purposes,1" shall be repealed.
In order to understand this amendment, I will
read the section which it is proposed to repeal.
It is the second section of the consular and
diplomatic bill for 1866, as follows:
"That the President be, and ho is hereby, author-
ized to appoint, by and with the advico and consent
of the Senate, a Second Assistant Secretary of State
in the Department of State, and also an Examiner
of Claims for tho same Department, whose salary
shall be $3,000 per annum; and the salary of tho
Socond Assistant Secretary of State shall be $3,500
per annum; and such sums are hereby appro-
priated."
It will be remembered by Senators that this
section passed after very considerable discus-
sion, in the course of which there were various
propositions, differing in character, and the
Senate at last harmonized on this in the form
which it now has. One of the propositions
was that we should create an office to be called
a Solicitor of Claims. Objection was made to
that title, and also, I think, to the salary pro-
posed ; but it was felt that something of the
kind was needed there; that there was a vast
deal of business under the head of claims, or
of subjects kindred to claims, involving legal
inquiries which the Secretary himself could
not undertake to investigate. It was consid-
ered that he needed some additional assistance
of that kind; and after a very careful inquiry
the Senate, according to my recollection, by a
large vote, agreed to create an office to be
called an Examiner of Claims, with a salary
of $3,000. I may say that since that office
was created circumstances from time to time
have made me considerably acquainted with the
business that has passed through the hands of
its incumbent, who is well known, I believe,
to the Senator from New York, Mr. E. Pe-
shine Smith, also of New York. I have
always found him a faithful, attentive, laborious
officer. It seems to me he has a great deal of
business assigned to him, and that he performs
a very importaut function in the Department
of State. A Senator asks me if he is the gen-
tleman who was once reporter of some of the
New York courts. I understand that he is ;
a lawyer of learning, of judgment, and of
industry. 1 think it would be very hard upon
the Department of State to deprive it now of
the services of such an officer, one who by
experience has become even more useful than
he was at the beginning. I think that the
public interests would suffer very much if that
office were abolished. This is all I have to say
upon that at present.
And that brings me to the other proposition
to abolish the office of Second Assistant Sec-
retary of State. Again I say I think it will be
hard to do that. It would be hard on the gen-
tleman who now holds that office, Mr. Hunter,
well known to this Senate, who has been in the
Department of State now for more than forty
years, who may be called at this moment the
living index of the Department. I believe it
would be a great loss to that Department and a
detriment to the public interests if his office
were abolished. Of' course with the abolition
of his office he is set afloat; he is deprived of
his place in that Department where be has
labored for forty years; and where he has
accumulated an experience which nobody else
in the country has. It seems to me that he is
needed there.
But the question arises, shall we liave a
Second Assistant Secretary of State ? On that
I desire to say a word. Why not? The business
of the Department of State is now large and
increasing. Tho foreign relations of our Gov-
ernment are more extensive at this moment
than they have ever been before. Our consu-
lar posts are everywhere—on every coast, in
every sea. Our diplomatic posts are at every
considerable capital of the world. Every con-
sul, every minister communicates habitually
with the Department of State, and his letters
are habitually answered. This cannot be done
in a perfunctory way, nor can it be done with-
out a great deal of assistance. There must be
many minds and many hands employed in the
conduct of all that extensive correspondence,
and yet there are in the Department of State
comparatively low hands. There are fewer than
there are in any other Department of the Gov-
ernment; and thus it is that the Department
of State, which in the arrangement of our Cab-
inet was placed at the head, is actually at the
foot in the number of persons that it is able to
employ at home within its own walls, it has
the smallest body of clerks of any one of the
Departments.
Then allow me, sir, to call your attention to
another distinction. Unlike other Depart-
ments, the Department of State has no heads
of bureaus; it has no chiefs of sections. It
has its Secretary of State, and now under-
existing laws it has a First Assistant Secre-
tary, and a Second Assistant Secretary, and an
examiner of claims; and that is all.' If you
look at the other Departments, you will see
the difference. Take the 'Treasury Department.
1 know well the difference between the business
proper that passes through the Treasury De-
partment and the business proper that passes
through the Department of State. There is a
difference which I do not disguise; but I sub-
mit that there is not a difference so great as
to justify the enormous disproportion in first-
class agents or employes m the Department.
Looking at the Treasury Department you will
see that there are no less than nineteen differ-
ent persons who may be called, though they
have another name, Assistant Secretaries of
the Treasury. Thereare first the two Assistant
Secretaries of the Treasury who go by that
name. You have then a Special Commissioner
of the Revenue, Mr. Wells. You have then a
supervising architect, who may be considered
the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury in
matters of architecture. You have then the
director of the Bureau of Statistics, Mr. Del-
mar. You have then the First Comptroller;
then the Second Comptroller; then six Audit-
ors. Then you have the Treasurer of the
United States; then the Register of the Treas-
ury, the Comptroller of the Currency, die
Commissioner of Customs. Then you have a
whole bureau recently created of vast import-
ance, the Bureau of Internal Revenue, with a
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and three
deputy commissioners. Then you have in the
Treasury a Solicitor of the Treasury, and, an
Assistant Solicitor of the Treasury. Besides
all these, you have the Coast Survey, with its
enlightened superintendent, Professor Pierce ;
making, as I have already said, more than
twenty different persons in the Treasury Depart-
ment alone, all of them with a compensation
equal to that of an assistant Secretary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And the light-house
establishment.
Mr. SUMNER. There is also the light-
house establishment, the Senator from Maine
reminds me. I had forgotten that. All of these
officers have salaries as large, at least, as an
Assistant Secretary of a Department, and some
of them larger. For instance, the Treasurer
of the United Slates has a salary of $6,000;
the Commissionerof Internal Revenue a salary
now otv$6,000 also ; the Solicitor a salary of
$4,000; and the Comptroller of the Currency
$5,000. So much for the Treasury Depart-
ment.
If you look at the War Department you will
find that the number of heads of bureaus there
is full as large, if not larger, than ip the Treas-
ury Department itself. It is true you no longer
have an Assistant Secretary of War, but you
have an Adjutant General with five different
assistant adjutant generals; and be it remem-
bered all of'them residing in the city of Wash-
ington, with their names in the Washington
Directory. You have two inspectors general;
you have an acting quartermaster general, an
assistant quartermaster general, then a dep-
uty quartermaster general, and still two other
quartermaster generals. Then you have a
subsistence department, with also a Commis-
sary General, an assistant commissary gen-
eral, and an assistant to the commissary gen-
eral. Then you have the medical department,
with a Surgeon General, an assistant surgeon
general, assistant medical purveyor, com-
piler of medical records, and five assistant
surgeons. You have then the pay department,
with a Paymaster General, and three different
paymasters under him. You have then the
chief of engineers, with a corps of engineers
under him. _ Then you have an ordnance de-
partment,with a chief of ordnance, an inspector
of armories and arsenals, principal assistant to
the chief of ordnance, and also another assist-
ant to the chief of ordnance. Then vou"have
the Bureau of Military Justice, with a Judge
Advocate General, and four other judge advo-
cates under him. Then you have a signal
department, with a chief signal officer. Then
you have the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen,
and Abandoned Lands, with a Commissioner,
being the excellent and distinguished Major
General Howard, and an assistant cornmis-
j sioner under him, and an acting assistant
adjutant general, commissary of subsistence,
and a chief medical officer. Besides that you
have the military department of W ashington,
with a commandant and an assistant adjutant
general.
