THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
July ?3,
bama was earned out by a minority, a minority
of bad, disloyal, rebel men.
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. Allow me to suggest that
I am told here that a minority in Tennessee
and Missouri control the action of those States.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not believe it.
Mr. MULLINS. They did in carrying it
into rebellion along with your party.
Mr. SCHENCK. Those who wish to believe
such stories will give them ready credence, but
it is not historical, and I advise the gentleman
from Wisconsin to correct his knowledge on
that subject by further reading, study, and ex-
amination.
Mr. Speaker, being under the impression
that the elections in three of the principal
States would take place on the 12th of Octo-
ber, I yarned the 14th in my amendment. I
find on reference to th« Calendar that I was
mistaken by one day; that the elections in
Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Indiana will be on
thel3th. To avoid interfering, therefore, with
those elections, I propose to select the Monday
following, which will be the I9th. I modify
my amendment accordingly by substituting for
the 14th, Monday, the 19th of October.
Mr. MILLER. I hope the House will agree
to that. It is much better.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to my col-
league, [Mr. Delano.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has nine
minutes remaining.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague declines to
speak with the hope that I will call the previous
question. Before I do that I will indicate a
further amendment. I do not wish to be under-
stood, by fixing the time of meeting after the
recess, as agreeing to the time when that recess
is to begin, I think we ought to allow our-
selves, for the reasons that have been indicated
here, at least a week's longer time before we
take the recess. I propose, therefore, to
modify the amendment by inserting Friday,
the 31st of July, instead of Monday, the 27th.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. MILLER. Say Thursday.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 call for a division on
the amendment.
The SPEAKER. There will be a separate
vote on each amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question was on striking out "Mon-
day, the 27th,!> and inserting "Friday, the
31st."
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to know what business there is to keep us
here till then ?
The question being put on the amendment,
there were—ayes 08, noes 83.
Mr. PAINE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 66, nays 92, not voting
68 ; as follows:
_ YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
Banks, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blackburn, Boles,
lioutwell, Bowen, Buckland, Buckley, Roderick R.
Butler, Callis. Sidney Clarke, Cobb.Coburn, Covode,
Dewceso, Dnggs, Farnsworth, French,Goss, Gravely,
Hamilton, Haughey, Hawkins, Ileaton, Iligby, Hill,
Jtmasy_ Hopkins, Hunter, J en ekes, Alexander H.
J oned, lie!ley, K-dlogg. Kelsey, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loa'-'hridge, Maynard, McClurg, Miller,
Mullins, Myers, Nunn, O'Neill, Paine, Pierce, Pile,
1 hints, lolpley, Itaum, Sehenek, Shanks, Stokes,
bypher, laflo, Taylor, Thomas, Vidal. Henry D.
Wnslilmrn, Wclker, and Whittomoro—66.
NAYS-Mossrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, JamesM.
Ashley, Axteil,Baker,Baldwin..Beek. Blair. Boyden,
Loyer, Bromwell Biooks, Brootnall, Cake, Cary,
Churchill, Header W. Clarke, Cook, Cullom, Dawes
Delano. Dixon, Doekery, Eckloy, Eldridgo, Eliot,
lerriss, Ileitis, Garfield, Getz, Glossbrenner. Golla-
day, briswold, Grover. Haight. Ilalsey, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Thomas L, Jones, Kerr. Ketcham, Knott. Koontz,
Laflin, Lrtsh, Loan. Maliory, Mann. Marshall, Me-
Culimigh, McKee, Mercur, Moore, Niblaek, Nichol-
son, Orth, Pcrham, Peters, Pike, Poland, Pomoroy,
Randall, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Soofield, Sit-
greaves, Smith, Starkweather, Aaron K, Stevens,
Stewart, Stone. Tabei, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trow-
bridse, Twichell, IJp^on, Van Aernam, Van Auken,
Van-Trump, Ward, filihu B.Washburne, WilliamB.
Washburn, James F, Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windoin. Wood, and Woodward—92.
NOT VOTING—Messrs, Andorson, Bailey, Barnes,
Barnum.Beaman, Benjamin, Blaine, Burr, Benjamin
!'• Butler, Cbanler, Cornell, Dodge, Donnelly, Eggies-
ton, ila. Ferry, Finnoy, Fox, Harding, Holman,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hnlburd,
Humphrey, Judd, Julian, Kitchen, George V. Law-
rence, Logan,Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, McCormick,
Mooriiead, Morrell. Morrissey, Mitogen, Neivcomb,
Newshtim, Norris, Phelps, Price, Pruyn, Robinson,
Roots. Selye, Shellabarger. Spalding, Thaddeus Sto-
vens, John Trimble, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Van Wyek, Cadwalador C. Washburn, Thomas
Williams. William Williams, John T. Wilson, and
Woodbridgo—58.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Goriiam,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 642) to amend the charter
of the National Capital Insurance Company,
in which he was directed to request the con-
currence of the House.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the following bills of the
House with amendments, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 939) to provide for an
American line of mail and emigrant passenger
steamships between New York, and one or
more European ports; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1277) to provide for the
distribution of the reward offered by the Presi-
dent for the capture of Jefferson Davis.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills of
the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (S. No. 28G) to incorporate the Na-
tional Life Insurance Company of the United
States of America;
An act (S. No. 492) to extend the time for
the construction of the Southern Pacific rail-
road, in the State of California;
An act (S. No. 357) to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Wyoming;
An act (S. No. 252) to create an additional
land district in the Stale of Minnesota ; and
An act (S. No. 481) to confirm the title to
certain lands in the State of Nebraska.
ADJOURNMENT 01' CONGRESS
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution for the adjournment of Congress.
The question recurred on the second amend-
ment of Mr. Sciienck, to strike out "the 3d
Monday of September," and insert " Monday,
the 19th day of October."
The question was put; and there were—ayes
thirty-eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. KliLSEY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 69, not voting
62 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Baker,
Beck, Blair, Boutwell, Boyden, Boyer, Bromwell,
Brooks, Broomall,Cake,Churchill, ReaderW.Clarke,
Cook, Dawes, Delano. Dixon, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot,
Ferriss, Fields, Getz, Golladay, Grover, Haight, Hal-
sey, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Koontz,
Laflin, Lincoln, Loan, Maliory, Marshall, McCul-
lough, McKee, Mercur, Moore, Nicholson, Orth,
Perham, Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy,
Randall, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Scofield, Sit-
greaves, Smith, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stewart, Taber, Trowbridge, IVicheil, Van Aernam,
Van Auken. Burt Van Horn, Va.n Trump, Van
Wyck, Vidal, Elihu B.Washburne,William B. Wash-
burn, Whittemore, William Williams, James F. Wil-
son. John T.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
and Wood—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R,
Ashley. James M. Ashley, Beatty, Benton, Black-
burn, Boles. Bowen. Buckland, Buckley, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Callis, Cary, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cullmn, Dewcese, Doekery,
Eggleston, Ela, Eldndge, French, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Goss, Gravely, Hamilton, Haughey, Haw-
kins, Ileaton, Iligby, Hmds, Hopkins, Alexander II.
Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Iielsey, Lash, William
Lawrence. Logan, Mann, Maynard, McClurg, Miller,
Mullins, Myers, Niblaek, O'Neill, Paine, Pierce,
Polsley, Raum.Schenck, Shanks, Stokes, Stone, Taffe,
Taylor, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Ward, Henry
D.Washburn, Welker, and Woodward—69.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Andorson, Bailey, Bald-
win, Banks. Baraos, Burnum, Beaman, Benjamin,
Bingham, Blaine, Burr, Chanler, Cornell, Covode,
Dodge, Donnelly, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finnev 1< ox,
Griswold, Harding, Hill, Holman, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Johnson, Julian, Ivitchen,
George V. Lawrence, Loughridge, Lynch, Marvin,
McCarthy, McCormick, Moorhead, Morrell, Morris-
sey, Muns?en, Newcomb, Ncwshnm, Norris, Nunn,
Phelps, Price, Pruyn, Robinson, Koots, Selye, Shel-
labarger, Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Seller, John
Trimble, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Cadwalader
C.Washburn, Thomas Williams, andWoodbridge' vA
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ment was concurred in ; andl moveto postpone
the consideration of that motion until to-mor-
row immediately after the reading of the Jour-
nal ; and on that motion I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and
the mam question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the motion to postpone was
agreed to.
olsstiuictions in new york harbor.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a let-
ter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to the resolution of the House of the
14th instant, relative to the obstruction of the
ship canal off Sandy Hook by the wreck of the
steamship Scotland, and the best means to pro-
tect commerce from the dangers to which it is
exposed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As an
appropriation has been made for this purpose
in one of the appropriation bills which has
passed, I move to lay the communication on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT ItOSWELL M. SHURTLIFF.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting all the papers on record in his Depart-
ment relative to the case of Roswell M. Shurt-
liff, late first lieutenant ninety-ninth NevvYork
volunteers.
The letters and accompanying papers were
referred to the Committee of Claims.
FORT LEAVENWORTH RESERVATION.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unani-
mous consent to introduce for consideration
at this time a bill which has received the ap-
proval of the Committee on Military Affairs.
It is a bill granting the right of way to certain
railway companies over the military reserva-
tion at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which the Chair will ask for objections to
its introduction at this time.
The first section of the bill provides for
granting the right of way, not exceeding one
hundred feet in width, to the Leavenworth and
Des Moines Railway Company, a corporation
created under the laws of the State of Missouri,
to construct and operate a railway across the
military reservation at B'ort Leavenworth, on
the east side of the Missouri, upon a line to be
designated and fixed by the Secretary of War.
The second section provides for granting the
right of way, not exceeding one hundred feet
in width, to the Leavenworth, Atchison, and
Northwestern Railway Company, a corpora-
tion created under the laws of the State of
Kansas, to construct and operate a railway
across and over the military reserve at Fort
Leavenworth, in the State of Kansas, upon
such line as shall be designated and fixed by
the Secretary of War ; provided that if the
said company shall not construct, within one
year from the passage of this act, a railway
from the city of Leavenworth to the city of
Atchison, then and in that case a like privilege
shall be conferred upon any other company
that shall construct a railway between said
cities.
No objection was made, and the bill (H. R.
.No, 1447) was introduced, and read a first and
second time.
Ihe bill was ordered to be engrossed and
