274
SUPPLEMENT TO
to their respective Departments, it is advice
which ho had 110 constitutional authority to
ask, advice which they were not bound to
give, and that advice is to him, and for all
the purposes of this investigation and trial, as
the advice of private persons merely. But of
what value can be the advice of men who, in
the first instance, admit that they hold their
offices by the will of the person who seeks
their advice, and who understand most clearly
that if the advice they give should be contrary
to the wishes of their master they would be at
once, and in conformity with their own theory
of the rights of the President, deprived of the
offices which they hold? Having first made
these men entirely dependent upon his will, he
then solicits their advice as to the application
of the principle by which they admit that they
hold their places to all the other officers of the
Government. Could it have been expected
that they, under such circumstances, would
have given advice in any particular disagree-
able to the will of him who sought it?
It was the advice of serfs to their lord, of
servants to their master, of slaves to their
owner.
The Cabinet respond to Mr. Johnson as old
Polonius to Hamlet. Hamlet says:
"Do you seo yonder cloud, that's almost in shape
of a oamel ?
"Polaiuua. By the mass, and 'tis like a camel,
indeed.
^Hamlet. Methinlts it is like a weasel.
"Polonius. It is backed like a weasel.
Hamlet. Or, lilco a whale?
"Polonius. Very liko a whale."
The gentlemen of the Cabinet understood the
position that they occupied. The President,
in his message to the Senate upon the suspen-
sion of Mr. Stanton, in which he says that he
tooktheadviceofhisCabinetin reference to his
action upon the bill regulating the tenure of
certain civil oflices, speaks thus:
/'The bill had then not become a law. Tlie limita-
tion upon the power of removal was notyet imposed,
and there was yet time to make any changes. If any
one of theso gentlemen had then said to mo that ho
would avail himself of the provisions of that bill in
case it became ti law. I should not havo hesitated a
moment as to his removal."
Having indulged his Cabinet in such freedom
of opinion when he consulted them in reference
to the constitutionality of the bill, and having
covered himself and them with public odium by
its announcement, he now vaunts their opin-
ions, extorted by power and given in subserv-
iency, that the law itself may be violated with
impunity. This, says the President, is the exer-
cise of my constitutional right to the opinion
of my Cabinet. J, says the President, am re-
sponsible for my Cabinet. _ Yes, the President
is responsible for the opinions and conduct,
of men who give such advice as is demanded,
and give it in fear and trembling lest they be
at once deprived of their places. This is the
President's idea of a Cabinet, but it is an
idea not in harmony with the theory of the Con-
stitution.
The President is a man of strong will, of
violent passions, of unlimited ambition, with
capacity to employ and use timid men, adhe-
sive men, subservient men, and corrupt men,
as the instruments of his designs. It is the
truth of history that he has injured every per-
son with whom he has had confidential rela-
tions, and many have esciipod ruin only by
withdrawing from his society altogether. He
has one rule of life: he attempts to use every
man of power, capacity, or influence within
his reach. Succeeding in his attempts, they
are in time, and usually in a short, time, utterly
ruined. If the considerate flee from him, if
the brave and patriotic resist his schemes or
expose his plans, he attacks them with all the
enginery and patronage of his office and pur-
sues them with all the violence of his personal j
hatred. He attacks to destroy all who will ;
not become his instruments, and all who be- |
come his instruments are destroyed in the use. j
He spares no one. Already this purpose of ]
his life is illustrated in the treatment of a gen- j
tleman who was of counsel for the respondent, j
but who has never appeared in his behalf. '
The thanks of the country are due to those
distinguished soldiers who, tempted by the
President by offers of kingdoms which were
not his to give, refused to fall down and wor-
ship the tempter. And the thanks of the
country are not less due to General Emory,
who, when brought into the presence of the
President by a request which he could not dis-
obey, at once sought to protect himself against
his machinations by presenting to him the law
upon the subject of military orders.
The experience and the fate of Mr. John-
son's eminent adherents are lessons of warn-
ing to the country and to mankind; and the
more eminent and distinguished of his adhe-
rents have furnished the most melancholy les-
sons for this and for succeeding generations.
It is not that men are ruined when they
abandon a party; but in periods of national
trial and peril the people will not tolerate those
who, in any degree or under any circumstances,
falter in their devotion to the rights and in-
terests of the Republic, "in the public judg-
ment, which is seldom erroneous in regard to
public duty, devotion to the country and ad-
herence to Mr. Johnson are and have been
wholly inconsistent.
Carpenter's historical painting of Emancipa-
tion is a fit representation of an event the most
illustrious of any in the annals of America
since the adoption of the Constitution. Indeed,
it is second to the ratification of the Constitu-
tion only in the fact that that instrument, as a
means of organizing and preserving the nation,
rendered emancipation possible. The princi-
pal figure of the scene is the immortal Lincoln,
whose great virtues endear his name and mem-
ory to all mankind, and whose untimely and
violent death, then the saddest event in our
national experience, but now not deemed so
great a calamity to the people who loved him
and mourned for him as no public man was
ever before loved or lamented, as is the shame,
humiliation, disgrace, and suffering caused by
the misconduct and crimes of his successor.
It was natural and necessary that the artist
should arrange the personages of the group on
the right hand and on the left of the principal
figure. Whether the particular assignment was
by chance, by the taste of the artist, or by the
influence of a mysterious Providence which
woks through human agency, we ';now not.
But on the right of Lincoln are two statesmen
and patriots who, in all the trials and vicissi-
tudes of these eventful years, have remained
steadfast to liberty, to justice, to the principles
of constitutional government. Senators and
Mr. Chief Justice, in this presence I venture
not to pronounce their names.
On the left of Lincoln are five figures repre-
senting the other members of his Cabinet.
One of these is no longer among the living ; he
died before the evil days came, and we may
indulge the hope thai he would have escaped
the fate of his associates. Of the other four
throe have been active in counseling and sup-
porting the President in his attempts to subvert
the Government. They are already ruined
men. Upon the canvas they are elevated to
the summit of virtuous ambition. Yielding to
the seductions of power they have fallen. Their
example and fate may warn us, but their ad-
vice and counsel, whether given to this tribunal
or to him who is on trial before this tribunal,
cannot be accepted as the judgment of wise or
of patriotic men.
On motion of Mr. SPRAGUE, at two o'clock
and fifteen minutes p. m., the Senate took a
recess for fifteen minutes.
At the expiration of the recess the Chief
Justice resumed the chair and called the Sen-
ate to order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the roll of
the Senators be called, so that we may get their
attendance.
Mr. CONNESS. That is never done.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can be done. A mo-
tion to adjourn will have the same effect prac-
tically.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator may move an
adjournment and get a call in that way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move a call of the
Senators.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Ohio moves that the roll of the Senate be
called.
Mr. CONNESS. It never has been done.
Mr. SUMNER. The rule provides for a
call of the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to hear the
rule.
Mr. SUMNER. It is Rule 18.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the sixteenth rule of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" 16. When the yeas and nays shall be callcd for by
one fifth of the Senators present, each Senatorcalled
upon shall, unless for special reasons he be excused
by the Senate, declare openly and without debate hU
assent or dissent to the question. In taking the yea>
and nays, and upon a call of the Senate, the names
of the Senators shall be called alphabetically."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If there be no ob-
jection the Secretary will call the roll to ascer-
tain who are present.
Mr. DRAKE. I object,, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that there be &.
call of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to ; and the roll
being called, forty-four Senators answered to
their names.
'The CHIEF JUSTICE. There are forty-
four Senators answering to their names. The
honorable Manager will proceed.
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. Mr. President,
Senators, leaving the discussion of the provis-
ions of the Constitution, I am now prepared to
ask your attention to the character and history
of the act of 1781), on which stress has been laid
by the President in his answer,and by the learned
counsel who opened the case for the respond-
ent. The discussion in the House of liepie-
seutatives in 1789 lelated to the bill establish-
ing a Department of Foreign Affairs. The first
section of that bill, as it oiiginally passed the
House of Representatives, after recapitulating
the title of the officer who was to take charge
of the Department, and setting forth his duties,
contained these words in reference to the Sec-
retary of the Department: "To bo removable
from ofliee by the President of the United
States." The House, in Committee of the
Whole, discussed this provision during several
days, and all the leading members of the body
appear to have taken part in the debate. As
is well known, there was a difference of opin-
ion at the time as to the meaning of the Con-
stitution. Some contended that the power of
removing civil officers was vested in the Presi-
dent absolutely, to be exercised by him, with-
out consultation with the Senate, and this as
well when the Senate was in session as during
vacations. Others maintained that the initia-
tive in the removal of a public officer must be
taken by the President,, but that there could be
no actual removal except by the advice and
consent of the Senate, and that this rule was
applicable to the powers of the President as
well during the vacation as during the session
of the Senate. Others maintained that during
the session of the Senate, while the initiative
was in the President, the actual removal of a
civil officer could be effected only upon the
advice .and consent of the Senate, but that dur-
ing the vacations the President might remove
such officers and fill their places temporarily,
under commissions, to expire at the end of the
next session of the Senate. Mr. Madison
maintained the first of these propositions, and
he may be said to be the only person of histor-
ical reputation at the presentday who expressed
corresponding opinions, although undoubted-
ly his views were sustained by a consider-
able number of members. It is evident from
an examination of the debate that Mr. Madi-
son's views were gradually and finally success-
fully undermined by the discussion on that
occasion.
As is well known, Roger Sherman was then
one of the most eminent members of that body.
He was a signer of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, a member of the Convention which
framed the Constitution of the United Statej,
