THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2t§
and a member of the House of Representa-
tives of the First Congress. He was undoubt-
edly one of the most illustrious men of the con-
stitutional period of American history ; and in
each succeeding generation there have been
eminent persons of his blood and name ; but
at no period has his family been more distin-
guished than at the present time. Mr. Sher-
man took a leading part in the discussion, and
there is no doubt that the views which he enter-
tained and expressed had a large influence in
froducing the result which was finally reached,
'he report of the debate is found in the first
volume of the Annals of Congress; and I
quote from the remarks made by Mr. Sherman,
preserved on pages olO and 511 of that volume:
"Mr. Sherman-. I consider this a very important
subject in every point of view, and therefore worthy
of full discussion. In my mind it involves three
questions. First. Whether the President has, by the
Constitution, the right (o remove an officer appointed
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
No gentleman contends but that the advice and con-
sent of the Senate areneeessary tomako the .appoint-
ment in all eases, unless in interior olliees where the
eontrary is e>tablifehed by law; but then they allege
that, although the cogent of the Senate be neces-
sary to the appointment, the President alone, by the
nature of his othcc, has the power of removal. Now,
it appears to me that this opinion is ill-founded, be-
cause this piovision was intended for some useful
purpose, and by that construction would answer
none at all. I think the concurrence of the Senate
as necessary to appoint an officer as the nomination
of the President; they are constituted as mutual
checks, cach having a negative upon the other.
"I conMder it as an established principle that the
power which appoints can also lemove, unless there
are express exceptionsmaile. Now, the powerwhich
appoints the judges cannot displace them, because
there is a constitutional restriction in their favor;
otherwise the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, being the power which ap-
pointed them, would bo sullicient to remove them.
Thm is the construction in iOngland, wheie the king
has the power ot appointing judges; it was declared
lo be during pleasure, ami they might be removed
when the monarch thought proper. It is a general
principle in law as well as reason that there shall
be the same authority to remove as to establish. It
is m> in legislation, where the several branches whose
coneuireuce is necessary to pass a law must concur
in repealing it. Just so 1 take it to be incases of
appointment, and the President alone may remove
when he alone appoints, as in the ease of interior
olliees to be established by law." * * * * *
"As the officc is the mere creature of the Legisl a-
tuie wc may lorm it under «ueh regulations as we
pleufo, with such powei-* and duration as we think
srood policy requires. Wc may say he shall hold his
officc during good behavior, or that he shall be an-
nually elected. We may say he shall be displaced
ioi neglect ot duty, and point out how ho shall be
convicted of it without calling upon the President
or Senate.
"The thiid question is, if the Legislature has the
power to authorize the President, alone to lewovo
this olficer whether it is expedient to invest him with
it V 1 do not believe it absolutely necessary that ho
should have such power, because the power ot sus-
pending would auswcrull the purposes which gentle-
men have in view by giving the power of removal.
1 do not think that the ollieei is only to be removed
by impeachment, as is argued by the gentlemnn from
South Oatolma, (Mr. Smith,) because ho is the meio
creature ol the law, and we can direct him to be re-
moved on conviction of mismanagement or inability
without calling upon the Senate lor their concur-
rence. Put I believe, if we make no such provision,
he may constitutionally be removed by the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate ; and 1 believe it would be most expedient for us
to say nothing in the clause on this subject."
I may be pardoned if I turn aside for a mo-
ment, and, addressing myself to the learned
gentleman of counsel for the respondent who
is to follow me in argument, I request him to
refute, to overthrow the constitutional argu-
ment of his illustrious ancestor, iioger Sher-
man. Doing this, he will have overcome the
first, but only the first, of a series of obstacles
in the path of the President.
In harmony with the views of Mr. Sherman
was the opinion expressed by Mr. Jackson, of
Georgia, found on page 508 of the same volume.
He says;
" I shall agree to give him [that is, the President]
the same power in eases of removal that he has in
appointing; but nothing more. Upon this principle
I wouid agree to give him the power ot suspension
during the recess oftheScnate. This, in my opinion,
would effectually provide against those inconven-
ience? which have been apprehended and not ex-
pose the Government to those abuses we have to
dread irotn the wanton and uncontrollable authority
ot removing oilicers at pleasure.''
It may be well to observe that Mr. Madison,
in maintaining the absolute power of the Pres-
ident to remove civil officers, coupled with his
opinions upon that point doctrines concerning
the power of impeachment which would be
wholly unacceptable to this respondent. And,
indeed, it is perfectly apparent that without
the existence of the power to impeach and re-
move the President of the United States from
office in the manner maintained by Mr. Madi-
son in that debate, that the concession of
absolute power of removal would end in the
destruction of the Government. Mr. Madison,
in that debate, said:
" The danger to liberty, the danger ofmaladminis-
tration, has not yet been found to lie so much in tho
facility of introducing improper persons into office
as in the difficulty of displacing those who are un-
worthy of the public trust."—Annals of Congress, p.
515, vol. 1.
Again, he says:
" Perhapstliegreat danger, oshas boon observed, of
abuse in the executive power lies in the improper
continuance of bad men in office. But the power wo
contend for will not enable him to do this ; for if an
unworthy man be continued in office by an unworthy
President the House ot llepresentativcs can at any
time impeach him, and the Senate can remove him,
•whether the President chooses or not. The danger,
then, consists merely in this; the President can dis-
place from office a man whose merits require that he
should be continued in it. Whatwill be the motives
which the President can feel for such abuso of his
power and the restraints that operate to prevent it?
In the first place he will be impeachable by this
House before the Senate for such an act of malad-
ministration ; for I contend that the wanton removal
of meritorious olficerswouldsubjecthim to impeach-
ment and removal from his high trust."—Annals of
Congresu, p. 517, vol. 1.
It is thus seen that Mr. Madison took great
care to connect his opinions of the power of
removal in the President with a distinct decla-
ration that if this power was improperly exer-
cised by the President he would himself be
liable to impeaehmentand removal from office.
If Mr. Madison's opinions were to be accepted
by the President as a whole, he would be as
defenseless as he is at the present time if ar-
raigned upon articles of impeachment based
upon acts of maladministration in the removal
of public officers. The result of the debate
upon the bill for establishing the executive De-
partment of Foreign Affairs was that the phrase
in question which made the head of the Depart-
ment "removable from office by the President
of the United States'* was stricken out by a
vote of '61 in the affirmative to 19 in the nega-
tive, and another form of expression was intro-
duced into the second section which is mani-
festly in harmony with the views expressed by
Mr. Sherman and those who entertained cor-
responding opinions.
The second section is in these words;
"Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That, there shall
be in the said Department an inferior officer, to be
appointed by the said principal officer, and to be em-
ployed therein as horfhall deem proper, and to be
called the chief clerk of the Department of Foreign
Affairs, and who, whenever the said principal officer
shall be removed from office by the President of the
United States, or in other case of vacancy, shall,
during such vacancy, have the charge and custody
of all recoids. books, and papers appertaining to said
.Department."—United Slates Statutes-at-Large, vol, 1,
p. 29.
It will be seen that the phrase here employed,
li whenever the paid principal officer shall be
removed from office by the President of the
United States,is not a grant of power to the
President; nor is it, as was asserted by tho
counsel for the respondent, a legislative inter-
pretation of a constitutional power. But it is
merely at most a quasi recognition of a power
in the Constitution to be exercised by the Pres-
ident, at some time, under some circumstances,
and subject to certain limitations. But there is
no statement or declaration of the time when
such power could be exercised, the circum-
stances under which it might be exercised, or
the linulations imposed upon its exercise.
All these matters are left subject to the op-
eration of the Constitution and to future legis-
lation. This is in entire harmony with the
declaration made by Mr. White, of North
Carolina, in the debate of 1789. lie says:
"Let us then leave the Constitution to a free oper-
! ation, and let the Piesident, with or without tho
consent of th^ Senate.carry it into execution. 'Chen,
! if any one supposes himself injured by their dcterm-
j ination, let him have recourse to the law, and its
i decision will establish the true construction of tho
: Constitution."
, Mr. Gerry, of Massachusetts, also said:
"Hence all construetioB.of the meaning of the Con-
stitution is danirerous or unnatural, and therefore
ought to be avoided. This is our do'etrino, that no
power of this kind ought to bo exorcised by theiekis-
lature. But we say, if we must stive a construction
to the Constitution, it is more natural to gfre theeon-
struotion in favorof the power of removal vesting in
the President, by and with theadviceandeonsentof
tho Senate; because it is in tho nature of things tliat
the power which appoints removes also." , ,
Again, Mr. Sherman said, speaking of tho
words which were introduced into the firist
section and finally stricken out:
" I wish, Mr. Chairman, that the words may beleft
out of the bill, without giving up the question either
way as to the propriety of the measure."
The debate upon the bill relating to the De-
partment for Foreign Affairs occurred in the
month of June, 1789; iu the following mouth
of August Congress was engaged in consider-
ing the bill establishing the Treasury Depart-
ment. This bill originated in the House, and
contained the phrase now found in it, being
the same as that contained in the bill establish-
ing the State Department.
The Senate was so far satisfied of the impol-
icy of making any declaration whatever upon
the subject of removal that the clause was
struck out by an amendment. The House re-
fused to concur, however, and the Senate, by
the casting vote of the Vice President, receded
from the amendment.
All this shows that the doctrine of the right
of removal by the President survived the de-
bate only as a limited and doubtful right at
most.
The results reached by the Congress of 3780
are conclusive upon the following points: that
that body was of opinion that the power of
removal was not in the President absolutely,
to be exercised at all times and under all cir-
cumstances; and secondly, that during the ses-
sions of the Senate the power of removal was
vested in the President and Senate, to be
exercised by their concurrent action; while
the debate and the votes indicate that the power
of the President to remove from office during
the vacation of the Senate was, at best, a
doubtful power under the Constitution.
It becomes us next to consider the practice
of tho Government, under the Constitution,
and 111 the preseuce of the action of the First
Congress, by virtue of which the President now
claims an absolute, unqualified, irresponsible
power over all public officers, and this without
the advice and consent of the Senate or the
concurrence of any other branch of the Gov-
ernment. In the early years of the Govern-
ment the removal of a public officer by the
President was a rare occurrence, and it was
usually resorted to during the session of the
Senate, for misconduct in office only, and ac-
complished by the appointment of a successor
through the advice and consent of the Senate.
Gradually a practice was introduced, largely
through the example of Mr. Jefferson, of re-
moving officers during the recess of the Sen-
ate and filling their places under commissions
to expire at the end of the next session. But
it cannot be said that this practice became com-
mon until the election of General Jackson, in '
1828. During his administration the practice
of removing officers during the recesses of the
Senate was largely increased, and in the year
1832, on the 18th of September, General Jack-
son removed Mr. Duane from the office of Sec-
retary of the Treasury. This occurred, how-
ever, during a recess of the Senate. This act
on his part gave rise to a heated debate in
Congiess and an ardent controversy through-
out the country, many of the most eminent
men contending that there was_ no power in
the President to remove a civil officer, even
during the recess of the Senate. The triumph
of General Jackson in that controversy gave a
full interpretation to the words which had been
employed in the statute of 1789.
But, at the same time, the limitations of that
power in the President were clearly settled,
both upon the law and upon the Constitution,
that whatever might be his power of removal
during a recess of the Senate, ha had no right
