1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 29, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
By unanimous consent the reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
CONSTITUTIONS Off SOUTH CAROLINA, ETC.
Mr. "STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred, under the law, to
the Committee oti Printing:
Resolved, That five hundred copies each of the
constitutions of South Carolina and Arkansas be
printed for the use of the members of this House.
ST. CLAIR FLATS IMPROVEMENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a commu-
nication from the chief of engineers, asking
an appropriation of 827,300 to preserve from
decay the timber to be used in the dikes of the
St. Clair flats improvement; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
Ordered to be printed.
election contest ciiaves vs. clever.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House evidence in the contested
election of Cliaves vs. Clever, of New Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
having arrived the House will now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of the
Senate, following the managers and preceded
by the chairman of the Commit tee of the Whole,
who will be atteaded by the Clerk and acting
Doorkeeper.
The Ilouse then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, in obedience to the order,
and proceeded to the bar of the Senate.
At four o'clock p. m. the Committee of the
Whole returned to the Hall, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the managers
to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court of
impeachment for the trial of Andrew Johnson;
progress has been made in the trial, and the
Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment, has
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock in.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and two minutes p. ■>.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of J. E.
St. Clair, for payment of a company of men
exempt from draft organized at Columbus.
Ohio.
Also, the petition of Thomas M. Dye, for
payment of the ninety-fourth regiment Ohio
volunteers from date of muster-out to date of
final discharge.
By Mr. PRICE : The petition of citizens of
Dubuque, in the State of Iowa, asking for the
abolition of the office of President of the Uni-
ted States.
Also, the petition of W. H. Johnson, asking
for increase of pension.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Rich-
ard Stockdale, late private of company A,
third regiment Iowa volunteers, praying Con-
gress to cause, by law, an honorable discharge
to be made in his case.
Also, a memorial in favor of the passage of
a bill granting a charter for an air-line railroad
between Washington and New York, signed by
DeGrasse Livingston, James Brown, and 100
Others. capitalists of Now York.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 30, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. R. H. Neale, D. D., of Bos-
ton, Massachusetts.
impeachment op tiie president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore called the
Senate to order, and at once vacated the chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Justice.
The Senate, sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment, having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the chair
at four o'clock and twenty live minutes p. in.,
when,
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 30, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
By unanimous consent the reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Kooxtz
and Mr. Washburn, of Massachusetts, for
two weeks, and to Mr. Hubbard, of West
Virginia, for one week.
surveys of tiiu tennessee river.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I am directed by the
Committee on Commerce to move that the
communication of the Secretary of War of the
2Gth instant, together with the accompanying
report of the examination and surveys of the
Tennessee river, be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
navigation oh mississippi river.
Mr. EGGLESTON, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on Com-
merce a bill (H. R. No. 594) to take posses-
sion of the bar known as Pass ill'Outre, at the
entrance of the Mississippi river, and construct
a canal without any expense to the Govern-
ment ; which was ordered to be printed, and
recommitted.
disposition of captured vessels, etc.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution :
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to furnish the House of Representatives with
a list of the vessels and property captured or de-
stroyed by the Navy of tho United States from April
15,1861, to April 20,1SG5, with the disposition made
of each capture, the names of the vessels interested,
and the cause of delay in the payment of the prize-
mouey to the parties in accordance with existing laws.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill] to modify his res-
olution so as to extend the inquiry to all ves-
sels captured during the war.
Mr. O'NEILL. I have no objection to that.
I modify the resolution by substituting "during
the war'- for the words "from April 15, 18151,
to April 20, 1865."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to permit an-
other amendment: to ask the Secretary of the
Navy the reason why he has not answered a
resolution of the House of the 6th of January
in regard to the purchase and sale of vessels.
Mr. O'NEILL. I have no objection to that
inquiry ; but I think it had better not be in-
eluded in this resolution, which refers merely
to the vessels captured during the war and the
distribution of the prize-money.^ The object
is that the many men who are waiting for these
small sums of money may know why they are
not forthcoming.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted,
notice of business.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I want to avail
myself of a proper opportunity to call the atten-
tion ofthe House, either asa privileged question
or in some other form, to the official report of
the impeachment proceedings with reference to
the connection of some of the managers with the
Alta Vela affair; and I should like to do it to-day
after the Senate has adjourned.
The SPEAKER. That matter cannot be
considered at this time, as no business can be
entertained except by unanimous consent, and
nothing that will occupy anv time. Tho gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. BPvOOKS,] as the
Chair understands, gives notice that business
may be expected this afternoon after the return
ofthe House to the Hall.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
give notice that after the return of the House
from the Senate, this afternoon I shall ask the
House to consider the Senate amendments to
the naval appropriation bill. I will say further
that I presume no questions of any particular
interest will arise, as the Committee on Appro-
priations recommend concurrence with most
of the amendments of the Senate, which are in
the line of economy, and recommend non-con-
currence in two or three others, which will
probably go to a committee of conference.
artificial limbs.
Mr. WASHBURN, of ludiana," by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, submitted a report in writing oil the
subject of artificial limbs for soldiers; which
was recommitted to the committee, and ordered
to be printed.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
having arrived the House will now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of the
Senate, following the managers and preceded
by the chairman ofthe Committee ofthe Whole,
who will be attended by the Clerk and acting
Doorkeeper.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, in obedience to the order,
and proceeded to the bar ofthe Senate. .
At four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m. the
Committee ofthe Whole returned to the Hall,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the man-
agers to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court
of impeachment for the trial of Andrew John-
son ; progress has been made in the trial, and
the Senate, sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, hijs adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock m.
encyclopedia of the rebellion.
Mr. PERRISS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Itetolved, That the Committee on the Library bo
instructed to inquire into the expediency of purchas-
ing "Townsend s Historical Record and Encyclope-
dia of the Rebellion," now in tile Library for inspec-
tion and examination.
conduct of impeachment managers.
Mr. BROOKS. I hold in my hand a reso-
lution which I wish, as I stated this morning,
to submit to the consideration of the Ilouse,
having reference to certain official proceedings
before the high court of impeachment in the
otherend of the Capitol. It appears from these
proceedings that the Managers appointed on
the part of this House 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
understand what question the gentleman rises to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York must state what he desires to bring before
the House in the shape in which the House can
act upon it.
Mr. BROOKS. I am stating it as briefly as
possible.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must state
it in writing in a manner in which it can be
acted on. A speech cannot be acted on.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I will offer a resolu-
tion, which I will read myself.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen on the left in-
sist that the rules be observed. Thegentleman
must ask unanimous consent to make a speech,
or else present something that the Hou e can
act upon;
Mr. BROOKS. I then offer the following
preamble and resolution :
Whereas it appears by the official reports of the high
court of iiuj>paaliEQ£3*t tilS aitftr tho j&ousc of iiep-
