1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
_ Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
the tax bill signed.
The SPEAKER. Before the House pro-
ceeds to consider the election case, the Chair
desires to state what he did not state before, as
he did not desire to influence the action of the
House, that the tax bill has been signed by the
President and filed by him in the State Depart-
ment as the law of the land.
leave of absence.
Mr. SCHENCK. By request of Mr. Gris-
wold, of New York, a member of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, I ask leave of absence
for him for five weeks, beginning to-morrow.
There was no objection, and the leave was
granted.
election contest iiogan vs. pile.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the report of the Committee of Elections in
the case of Hogan vs. Pile, from the first con-
gressional district of Missouri.
Mr. COOK. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cook] is entitled to the floor for
one hour to close the debate.
Mr. COOK. I yield thirty minutes to the
sitting member, [Mr. Pile.]
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I will not detain
the House for more than ten or fifteen min-
utes, as I desire to make merely a brief state-
ment, not a speech, in explanation of two or
three points in this case. First, with reference
to the thirtieth precinct. It is claimed by the
contestant that the vote of this election dis-
trict should be rejected, for the reason that
the judges of election did not use the certified
list of voters made by the registering officer.
The facts in relation to this district are as
follows: under the law of the State of Mis-
souri there was a supervisor of registration
for each senatorial district. There were sev-
eral election districts in every senatorial dis-
trict, for each of which there was a registrar.
The supervisor of registration and the regis-
trars constituted a board of revision and appeal.
The registry closed ten days before the elec-
tion, alter which this court of appeals met to
revise the lists and take testimony in regard
to voters objected to. This court for the sen-
atorial district in which the thirtieth election
district was situated, finally adjourned on Fri-
day night, previous to the election on Tuesday.
On Saturday the registration officer is requrred
to deliver to the judges of election and to the
county clerk a certified alphabetized list of
the voters. After receiving the revised list,
the judges of election of the thirtieth precinct,
finding that it was imperfect, from the fact
that it was only alphabetized to the first letter,
on Monday, the first working day after they
received it, and on Monday night preceding
the election on Tuesday, made a copy of
the list and alphabetized it perfectly. On
the day of election they used that copy and
the copy furnished by the registering officers.
On this point I read the testimony of C. P.
Gould, page 137 printed testimony :
" C. P. Gould was duly sworn as a witness on the part
of General Pile, and testified as follows:
Am fifty-nine years of age; am a carrier; and live
at 2612 North Eleventh street. On the day of elec-
tion I was acting as a clerk of the election at the
thirtieth district; i was merely taking down the
names of votcis, and copying and numbering the
ballots as they were put in. The books that were
used there were the return books from the registrar,
and they were copied on to other sheets and put in
alphabetical order that we might find the names
readily. These copies that we used corresponded in
every particular with the lists that were furnished.
"Whenever we had occasion to examine them—that
is, the names that we copied from the original re-
turn list from the registrar—I frequently compared
them and found that they agreed m every particular.
1 had tho original lists in my hands most of the day,
and when there was occasion to refer to them I gen-
erally did it"
Also extract from testimony of Milton H.
Wash, one of contestant's witnesses, page 57,
printed testimony.
" Question. ~Was this certified list a correct one?
[referring to list furnished by registering officer.]
" Answer. I presume it was not from the fact tha.t
there appeared to be some sixty odd names in tho
original list that were not found on the certified
list.
" Question. Did you examine it yourself to see?
" Answer. I eannot say I examined it; they [i. e.,
the judges of election] were using it, and I could not
get permission to examine it."
Two other witnesses swear distinctly to the
same facts, and that the perfectly alphabetized
list was used for the purpose of facilitating the
voting, and four witnesses testify that the offi-
cial returns were made up from the certified
list furnished by the registrar. That certainly
does not constitute any such violation of the
law as would justify the rejection of thisvote ;
it is no violation of the law at all. The rule
is, as established by all legislative bodies of
which I have any knowledge, that to reject an
entire poll it must be either so tainted by
fraud as to render it impossible to ascertain the
truth and purge it from fraudulent votes, or
there must be a substantive violation of the
provisions of law. The election in the thirtieth
precinct, as the facts are disclosed in the tes-
timony, does not come within this rule, and
therefore it cannot be rejected.
Now, with reference to the thirty-seventh
precinct, which has been called in question, a
sufficient answer to all that was said upon that
subject, both in the speech of the contestant
and in the report of the minority of the Com-
mittee of Elections, was made by the gentle-
man from Illinois who reported upon this case,
[Mr. Cook.] And there is an additional an-
swer, which would also be conclusive, and that
is that the contestant set up nothing in his
notice of contest in regard to this district
until six months after the testimony in the case
was closed. I had no notice that, the election
in that precinct was called in question, and
had no opportunity to show by testimony that
the registration was made. I affirm that I
could show that this registration was made in
the regular form, and that the only ground of
objection was the neglect of the officer to re-
turn a certified list to the county clerk. The
law simply provides that he shall return it "as
soon as may be," without fixing any time. The
only testimony with regard to the invalidity of
the registry was that on the 1st day of Janu-
ary, immediately after the election, this return
of the certified list had not been made. Upon
testimony of that kind no vote in any precinct
has ever in the history of this House, or any
other legislative body, been rejected.
One word more with regard to thenightvote.
In three precincts votes were polled after sun-
down. The way that occurred was this: just
about the time for closing the polls in the
twenty-sixth election precinct four prominent
citizens of St. Louis, two belonging to the party
to which I belong and two belonging to the
party of the contestant, happened to meet at
that precinct, and a conversation occurred
! between them as to the legality of a night
I vote. One of them, Hon. Samuel Knox, whom
i many gentlemen here will remember, gave it
1 as his opinion that a night vote would be
legal: and at the request of the judges of the
election he went into the room and told them
that he believed the law of the State of Mis-
souri was not mandatory as to closing the polls
at sundown ; that votes received after sundown
would be legal. Guided by his opinion the
judes kept the polls open and received some-
thing over 200 votes. One hundred and forty-
one were cast for me and 93 for the contestant,
the night votes and the day votes being kept
separate. These four gentlemen went imme-
diately to the twenty-seventh and the twenty-
eighth election precincts, and before arriving
there the polls had been formally closed, and
proclamation made to that effect. At their
request, however, the polls were reopened to
accommodate the crowd, who were clamorous
to vote. There being only partial notice to the
voters, and the polls having been formally
closed, the decision of the judges of«ieetionand
the clerk of the county court, was that where She
polls had been closed formally and by proclama-
tion they could not legally bereopened, and that
where they were kept continuously open, as in
the twenty-sixth precinct, the vote east aftet
sundown was entitled to be counted. And that
is thedistinctand emphatic ground tipotl which
was based the action of tho judges of the riec-
tion and of the county clerk with reference to
the night vote.
Now, sir, a single remark further, and I shall
have nothing more to say. The contestant
closed his speech by a reference to the affida:
vits of eighty persons who he said had testified
that they voted for him, -while their votes are
counted for me. These affidavits were taken
a year after the testimony in this case was
closed; but to preclude any impression either
in this House or in my district that there was
anything wrong in reference to this matter,
and that these men were really cheated out of
their votes by the judges of the election, I de-
sire to make an explanation as to how this
difficulty occurred, and how an equal number
of men who voted for me are counted for the
contestant, a list of whom with the same num-
ber of affidavits I can furnish. The law of the
State of Missouri requires that the names of
the voters shall be entered upon the poll-list
when theycometovote, the names being num-
bered seriatim from the first to the last. ■ The
number prefixed to each man's name on the
poll-list is entered upon the back of the bal-
lot, so that under an order made by the court
subsequent to an election directing the county
clerk to make a certified copy of the numbers
of the ballots cast for each candidate it can be
ascertained, if the numbers are correctly en-
tered, how each man voted.
These numbers upon the back of the ballot
were made in pencil-marks by the judge of the
election or by some of the clerks at the time.
After the ballots were retarned the county
clerk in making out his certified list was un-
able in every case to decipher the numbers,
and one number was sometimes mistaken for
another. Eighty-nine was transferred to eighty-
seven and eighty-three to eight-eight, it being
difficult to distinguish between the seven and
nine and the three and eight, one being mis-
taken for the other. From this statement it
will be seen that wherever a mistake was made
by the county clerk in the number on the back
of the ballot that ballot would be traced to
the wrong name on the poll-list, and might be
found to be the name of a person who voted
on the other side. In the case of my own bal-
lot a mistake was made in deciphering the
number, and on tracing it up the number that
was deciphered showed that I had voted for the
contestant, which, of course, was not the case.
The mistake was made by the number upon
the back of my ballot being indistinctly writ-
ten. In each district there are from forty to
sixty persons recorded as having voted both
for myself and the contestant. There is also
an equal number of names for which there are
no correspondingly numbered ballots, showing
conclusively that this was caused by the dupli-
cation of numbers.
The county clerk himself swears (see printed
testimony) that it was impossible to decipher
these numbers, and he had to guess and come
as near the number as possible. The whole
number of votes in each district, however,
corresponds with the number of names upon
the poll-book. So all there is in this accusa-
tion of fraud is that there was a mistake of the
clerk, growing out of his inability to decipher
the numbers upon the backs of the ballots.
It is conclusively shown by the testimony of
the contestant's own witnesses that there was
not a more orderly election held anywhere
than in that district. They swear that it was
conducted quietly aud honestly, and that the
universal desire was to give every man a fair
chance to cast his vote.
If the gentleman who manages this case is
