1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1309
communication was allowed to go South, for wise
public reasons, without approval and consent.
The correspondence wliich passed during several
days afterward between Major Anderson and General
Beauregard shows that tho notice given to the
authorities in no mamior influenced tho firing on
i'ort Sumter, "which was ordered from Montgomery.
As my conduct in this matter has been misrepre-
sented in various quarters through ignorance or
malice, the occasion is a fitting one to put at rest all
such unjust rejections.
Whoever will recall the eventful and painfully
anxious period preceding the outbreak of war in
Charleston Jiarbor caruiot fail to lemember how this
city was agitated with exciting rumors of an impend-
ing attack on the national forts. A convention was
thcninsessionatMontgomery, counseled anddirected
by infatuated and reckless conspirators, who subse-
quently precipitated the conflict of arms. It wn?
against their mad and wicked designs that the friends
of peace who desired to avert the threatened calam-
ity had to eontond.
Every man who loved his country contributed
what he could to prevent an explosion, which seoined
imminent from hour to houi. There were but few
whohadathorough appreciation ofthn consequences
that would followthe tiring of the first gun or of the
terrible sacrifices that were required, even after the
dreadful gage of battle had been rudely thrown down.
The horrors that have since como to pass impressed
themselves then with an awful solemnity upon my
mind, and in an humble way I laboml earnestly,
faithfully, and constantly, up to the Inst hour, to
stay the parricidal arm which was uplifted against
the national life. Having kindred and friends on
thespot of most pressing danger, I addressed myeclf
urgently to them in every possible way, in the hope,
at least, of postponing the catastrophe and ot saving
tho border States from being ingulfed in secession.
The conspirators at Montgomery defeated those
efforts and others still more important, but they
none the less deserved the respoc t and consideration
which they_ received from those in authority, who
valued their motive and encouraged them with
advice and aid.
If there be one act of my life which I prize moie
highly than any other, and which I may yenturo to
recall with patriotic pride, it is that in which I de-
voted my best energies and zeal to arrest the begin-
ning of that civil strife which has desolated ^o
many homes, stricken wit!) anguish so many hearts,
and, worse than all, loosened so sadly the bonds of
this still glorious Union.
I inclose herewith a brief correspondence which
has connection with tho subject of this note, and
which needs no commentary.
1 am, with high respect,
JAMES K TIARVKY.
Hon. J. "W. Grivps, United Stafa tienutor.
Mr. GRIMES. Tho correspondence alluded
to by Mr. Harvey I send to the Chair, and
although not very material, yet I desire that it
be read, in order that he may have as full and
ample vindication as it shall be able to funiish
him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The cor-
respondence will be read, no objection being
made.
The Secretary read as follows :
Washington' City, February 20,13GS.
My Dear Sir: You will doubtless remember that
I addressed a letter to you from Lisbon in July, 1861,
requesting an inquiry to be made by the Hou^e ot
KepresenUitives into vaiious newspapor loportscon-
cerning a correspondence ot mine with certain per-
sons in Charleston, and that I also requested you to
verify the facts therein stated by calling upon Presi-
dent Lincoln, in whose hands 1 had placed the cor-
respondence referred to.
Will you do me the favor to state your knowledge
of these circumstances, in order that I may be better
able to correct a misrepresentation which seems still
to exist on this subject?
Very truly, JAMES E. HARVEY.
Hon. S. coyode, House of Representatives,
House of Representatives,
Washington, 1 ^bruary 20.1863.
My Dear Sir: I have received your note of this
date, and in reply beg to state that you did address
me a letter fiom Lisbon in July, 1SG1, of tho char-
acter mentioned, soon after the publication oi the
calumniatory leports to which reference is made.
You also inclosed to me a copy of a private letter
to the then Secretary of War, which I took the re-
sponsibility ol having read to the lloikse, and which
at once not only silenced every malicious utterance
on that subject, but convinced everybody that your
whole conduct had been eminently patriotic, and
inspired singly by the carnebt and upright desire to
prevent tho in an su rati on of ci v ll w ar and the leiiibie
calamities which followed.
The fullest investigation by myself and others at
tho time strengthened that conclusion, winch sena-
tor Yvra nk manfully and properly expressed on tho
floor otthat Chamber when this matter was revived
to your prejudice a year or more ago.
1 called upon President Lincoln with your letter,
who confirmed with precision ait its slatcmcnts, and
alter examination of his papers he handud to me the
telegraphic dispatches which you had delivered to
him while expressing his gratification at being able
to do that not of jtwtiec toward you, and at being
disembarrassed himpelf from erroneous interpreta-
tions on the part of those who were ignorant of the
truo facts of the case.
Very fcinecreiy, J Oil IT COVODE.
Hon. Jamiis E. Harvey.
Mr. GRIMES. All I have to say in addi-
tion is that I am exceedingly gratified that
Mr. Harvey is able to vindicate himself from
the charge that has been current in the country
and been universally believed here, and, so far
as I know, lias never been contradicted even by
the President of this body. I have always
understood that it was not controverted, that
a dispatch was sent of tho character which T
have stated, but that it was sent, with the
knowledge and approbation, as was afterward
discovered, of the Secretary of State, if not of
tho President of tho United States. I under-
stand now that Mr. Harvey denies having sent
any such dispatch at all.
Mr. CAMERON. I know a little of the
history of that time. Mr. Harvey did send a
dispatch giving information ol' what was doing
here, and I had tho original dispatch, but il
was stolen out of my pocket only last year.
Several Sknatoks. Speak a little louder.
Mr. CAMERON. I say that Mr. llarvey
did send a dispatch to the Governor of South
Carolina telling him what was doing here in
regard to Fort Sumter. 1 had the original
dispatch m my pocket only last year. I "showed
it to the Senatorl'rom Maine [Mr. PbskiisdesJ
one day in the Senate, but my pocket-book
was stolen last yeai, and thus I lost the dis-
patch.
Mi. ANTHONY. What was tho nature of
the dispatch ?
Mr. CAME HON. Informing him, I think,
that the Government had determined not to
rejirovision Fort Sumter.
Mr. ANTHON V. Was not that sent witli
tile assent of the G-overmnout?
Mr. CAMERON. I do not know with
whose assent it was scut. It was not with my
assent. 1 got it as Secretary of War. The
dispatches 111 different parts of the country
were brought to the War Ollice, and 1 got it
there. 1 mentioned it to the Cabinet and to
Mr. Lincoln, and nobody approved of it there,
though there was not much said about it.
Mr. SUMNER. I will add a word to what
the Senator from Pennsylvania says. I had
at the time a copy of the dispatches of Mr.
Harvey put into my hands by the Secretary
of War, who at the time was our present col-
league Irom Pennsylvania. There were some
four or live of those dispatches from Sir. Har-
vey, directly, I think, to the Governor of South
Carolina. After this lapse of time I will not
venture to state precisely their contents ; but
I have reason to believe, according to ray rec-
ollection, that they were substantially as indi-
cated by the Senator from Pennsylvania. On
the point whether Mr. Harvey had authority
from the Secretary of State or from the Presi-
dent himself I say nothing; but the dispatches
were sent. I have an impression that I have
at home the ollieial copy which was furnished
to me at the time, bat of couise it was some
time ago, and 1 did not anticipate this inquiry ;
and I do not know that even on search 1 could
lind it.
Mr. CONKLING. I, too, had copies of
these dispatches at tho time, and I felt bound
in the House of Representatives to cause them
to be read with letters which I thought vindi-
cated Mr. Harvev : and I only wish now to say
that, with a pretty full knowledge of the facts
at the time of their occurrence, I have always
regarded this charge against Mr. Harvey as one
of the most cruel injustice. There was no evi-
dence that he did anything in the woild except
what he was requested to do, and what he had
abundant reason for supposing he was doing
with the approbation and at the instance of the
Administration; and when he had left the
country, when lie was in a distant laud, the
press was made to ring with accusations that
he had been guilty of traitorous practices, and
the specification was the very thing that he had
done at the instance of those who ought to
have been tho last to allow him to be aspersed.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I think it
is due to say that I knew nothing of any em-
ployment which Mr. Harvey had. \Vh,en I got
the dispatch I, as a member of the Cabinet,
was astonished to find that information was
communicated to the South Carolina authori-v
ties which I supposed it was considered vastly
important to the Administration should be kept
secret. There were several dispatches, and
one in particular, which I carried in my pocket
for some time. I was surprised when I re-
ceived that particular dispatch, and I carried
it over to Mr. Lincoln, and he expressed great
surprise at it. It was certainly communicating
that which I, as a member of the Cabinet,
thought the Administration desired to keep
from the knowledge of anybody except them-
selves. He was very intimate with Mr. Sew-
ard, and it is possible, and perhaps probable,
that Mr. Seward employed him; but if he did
it was a strange act for one member of the
Cabinet to do without consulting other mem-
bers of the Cabinet. I can only say that if
Mr. Seward did employ him it was a most
remarkable case of employment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, my rec-
ollection of this transaction corresponds with
what has been stated by the Senator from Iowa,
that there was complaint that Mr. Harvey had
sent a certain dispatch to Charleston, and that
upon an investigation made on the subject
there was a formal report that what he did he
did with the assent of the Administration. ,
Mr. SUMNER. No, not of the Adminis-
tration.
Mr. CONKLING. Of members of the Ad-
ministration.
Mr. CAMERON. Not members.
Mr. PliSSENDEN. Of the Secretary of
State.
Mr. ANTHONY. My recollection has not
been refreshed on this subject; but if I had
been called upon to state how it stood I should
have said it was with the assent of the Secre-
tary of State and the President. I did not sup-
pose it would be done without tho assent of the
President, at all events. I agree with what the
Senator from New York has said. My knowl-
edge of Mr. Harvey protected him, in my mind,
from the suspicion of any course that was not
entirely patriotic; and I did believe, and must
still think, that the clamor which has been
raised against him has been unjust. There
must be some explanation even of what my
friend from Pennsylvania states.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am sure the honorable
member from Pennsylvania is right when he says
that Mr. Harvey's agency in the transmission of
these dispatches was without his knowledge: but
I am equally sure that it was with the knowledge
and at the instance of the Secretary of State and
with the knowledge of the President of the Uni-
ted States, as Mr. Harvey supposed. I was here
at the time, upon terms of friendship with Mr.
Harvey, and J think I know that what he did
in the transmission of those dispatches was
done with a pure purpose and under the full
conviction that he had the authority of the Ad-
ministration. I am sure the honorable mem-
ber from Pennsylvania is not to be told now
for the first time that a great many things were
done at that period which were not made known
to him. I had reason to believe at the time,
and that impression has been more than eon-
finned since, that the Secretary of State, from
patriotic motives, I have no doubt—I am not
disposed to censure him—really, for a time,
carried on the War Department, acting, in
many particulars, without the knowledge of
the Secretary of War, arid in many other par-
ticulars relating to the Navy Department,, car-
ried on that Department without the knowledge
of the Secretary of the Navy ; and that no per-
sons in the country were more astonished at
what they found afterward had been done in
matters pertaining to their respective Depart-
ments than were tho heads of those Depart-
ments. Mr. Harvey, I am satisfied, acted
