1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3357
I might go through all the Departments o f
the Government with the same result. I might
take up the Navy Department and show the
different heads of' bureaus there, all of them
confirmed by this Senate, and every one in the
character of his duties not unlike an Assistant
Secretary of the Navy. I might go also to the
Post Office Department and show you there
three Assistant Postmasters General. But I
stop; I will not take your time. I wish to
impress upon the Senate, if the Senate will
pardon me, the importance of continuing this
office in the Department, of State. I think you
cannot take it away without interfering essen-
tially with the business of that Department, and
without doing injustice, which I believe you
will not willingly do, to an old and valuable
public servant. Because he is called Assistant
Secretary of State I hope you will not argue
that on that account he should be cut adrift.
It may be said that there ought to be only one
Assistant Secretary of State; I presume to
suggest that as in other Departments there are
heads of bureaus and functionaries who in point
of fact in the service that they render are,
substantially, Assistant Secretaries, so in the
Department of State itself there should be more
than one person who should render that class
of service, call him Assistant Secretary of State,
or something else, or whatever you please.
In order to present this question for the votes
of the Senate and to present the amendments
of the committee which are consolidated in
one, separately, I will move to strike out all
that part of the amendment of the committee
which repeals the second section of the act of
Juiy 25, 1SG0, relating to the examiner of
claims and Assistant Secretary of State.
Mr. MORIIILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator that he will reach the same result, per-
haps, if he moves to divide the question, so as
to take the question first on the first proposi-
tion contained in the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; any way that
will be agreeable to the Senator. I merely
wish to get at the result.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Maine move to divide the amendment of the
committee ?
Mr. MOltRILL, of Maine. I suggest whether
it would not be more convenient to the Senator
from Massachusetts in that way.
Mr. SUMNER. If I move to strike out the
last part I get at the result, and unless the
Senator from Maine should prefer to have it
presented in some other way, I will move to
strike out of the amendment of the committee
the words:
^And also that the second section of the act of July
25, I860, entitled "An act making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment tor the year ending SOUi June, 1867, and for
other purposes."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment, strik-
ing out the words indicated by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. MOliRILL, of Maine. I will say a word
or two in explanation of the action of the com-
mittee. By the third section of the act of 1800
a Second Assistant Secretary of State and an
examiner of claims were provided for in these
words :
"That the President be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to appoint, by and withthe advice and consent
of the Senate, a Second Assistant Secretary for the
Department ot State; and also an examiner of claims
for the Siimc Department, whose salary shall be
S3,000; and the salary of the Assistant Secretary of
State shall be $3,500 per annum; and such sums are
hereby appropriated."
Most of the statutes providing i'or additional
service in the year 1866 were for temporary
service, for additional service deemed to be
necessary growing out of the particular circum-
stances in which the Government in several
Departments found itself at the close of the
war. By an examination of the statutes it will
be seen that almost all the Departments were
increased during the year 1860, and in most of
the laws, I think, for that year this additional
force was regarded as temporary. Certainly
some of it was, I know, and as a general prop-
osition I think it is true that the additional
force was not contemplated as a permanent
addition to the service of the several Depart-
ments of the Government to which it was added
during the years 1805 and 1806. Some of it, I
know, was limited to a period of two years.
Now, sir, I do not know, and have no right
to know, what influenced the House of Repre-
sentatives, but I suppose that this considera-
tion had something to do with it. The House
of Representatives made no appropriation for
these officers, for the Second Assistant Secre-
tary of State and for the examiner of claims,
which had been provided for by the act of
1866, as I suppose under the circumstances to
which I have referred. Finding the House of
Representatives to have acted thus, the ques-
tion naturally arose in the committee, " What is
the duty of the Committee on Appropriations
on the part of the Senate?" Shall we concur
in the proposition of the House ? Is it fair to
presume that they have examined this branch
of the service, and understand what its rela-
tions are and what its needs are, and if so,
what ought the committee to do ?" Finding no
appropriation for these two officers, and finding
the law upon the statute-book creating these
two offices, assigning them certain duties, the
committee came to the conclusion that per-
haps it was its duty to submit to the Senate the
proposition of dispensing with these offices
altogether; for surely it could hardly be ex-
pected that Congress would refuse to make an
appropriation for offices provided for by law,
and vet leave the statute creating them unre-
pealed. So the Senate Committee on Appro-
priations instructed me to report this amend-
ment.
Now, Mr. President, whether this service is
absolutely necessary or not I do not know.
The Committee on Appropriations, I am free
to say, had no especial, and no very general
information on that subject. We are obliged
to rely upon such presumptions as arise natu-
rally from the history of the Government.
Looking at that, we know that this branch of
the service got along well enough duriug the
war with one Assistant Secretary of State. We
know well enough that the duties of that
Department cannot be more onerous now than
they were during the war. We certainly know
that during the war we were obliged to provide
for additional force in many of the Depart-
ments. We had, I think, two Assistant Sec-
retaries of War during the period of the rebel-
lion : we have only one now. We had two
Assistant Secretaries of the Navy during that
period; we have only one now. We had, I
think, two Assistant Secretaries of the Treas-
ury ; I am sure we have but one in fact, though
I think there are two in law, at the present
time. But I do not suppose that the Senator
from Massachusetts will contend that the busi-
ness of the Department of State has increased
correspondingly with that of some of the other
Departments of the Government. While in
some of fhfi Departments of the Government
it is practicable to go back to the period an-
terior to the war, what would be- called the
peace establishment anterior to the war, it
must be confessed by those who are at all
acquainted with the business of the Govern-
ment that there are certain departments of the
Government where the business has really
increased since the conclusion of the war.
That is the case in some of the bureaus of the
Treasury. The committee, therefore, felt
bound to act upon the general information
within its knowledge, and the conclusion to
which we came was, that these additional offi-
cers, like others, were created during the exi-
gencies of the war, and were piobably not
expected to exist long afterward: and reason-
ing from this general information, and adopt-
ing the action of the House of Representatives,
that the House had not chosen to provide for
these officers, on the supposition, as we sup-
posed, that they were not necessary, the com-
mittee deemed it its duty to present this amend-
ment. for the consideration of the Senate. If
the Senator from Massachusetts has satisfied
the Senate that the exigencies of the war still
exist in the State Department, that although
during the war it was not necessary and not
until 1806 that there should be a Second As-
sistant Secretary of State, the exigency does
exist now which did not exist during the war,
then of course the Senate will not concur in
the action of the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am glad that the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations makes no serious, if any, opposition
to this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator is
mistaken.
Mr JOHNSON. I considered it no serious
opposition, because he concluded by saying
that, if the honorable member from Massa-
chusetts, the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, supposed that the exigen-
cies of the war in one sense still existed, per-
haps the Senate would be for continuing the
policy that led to the adoption of the original
law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I believe my
language was " if the Senator from Massachu-
setts had satisfied the Senate."
Mr. JOHNSON. I was in hopes that he
had satisfied my friend, and I am not entirely
sure that he has not done so. That will be
tested when the vote is given.
The war, to be sure, is over, Mr. President,
and happily over ; but the business of the
State Department is just as burdensome now
as it was during the pendency of the war ; and
from my knowledge of it, obtained during the
past three or four years, I am satisfied that it
is very important that there should be an As-
sistant Secretary of State, even independent
of the value of the particular incumbent. But
so far as that incumbent is concerned I do not
think I exaggerate when I say that his ser-
vices could not be supplied at this time by any
other citizen as well as they are now performed
by him. He has been in the Department for
a great many years, and during a great many
Administrations, and has given entire satisfac-
tion to eveiy one of them ; and I am con-
vinced that without his aid, they would have
found it much more difficult to conduct the
Departmentas satisfactorily as they have done.
As to the other officer, it is equally import-
ant that he should be retained. The claims
against the United States that are presented to
the State Department are very numerous and
very large, and it is very important for the
interests of' the Government that there should
be some officer specially charged with tho
examination of such claims. That involves,
of course, a good deal of labor, and requires
that there should be some officer particularly
competent in matters of that kind. I concur
with the head of the State Department, in
thinking that it is all important that this par-
ticular officer should be retained. He has
saved, I believe, thousands upon thousands
of dollars to the Treasury, and if he is per-
mitted to remain there the result will be found
equally beneficial to the Government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I do
not know that there is any opposition to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts ; but I rise simply for the pur-
pose of adding my testimony to the fact that in
the opinion of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions it is necessary to retain both the examiner
of claims and the Second Assistant Secretary
of State. The office of examiner of claims is
a matter that has grown up in consequence of
claims filed which arise out of the war, and of
course they are more numerous now than they
could have been at any time during tho war
itself. I know that at the time this statute was
passed I examined this matter very carefully
with regard to the necessity of having such an
officer, and I came to the conclusion that it
was an assistance the Secretary of State was
fairly entitled to. It is perfectly impossible for
him to examine himself the claims that are
filed in his Department and decide upon them
without the aid of a good lawyer, and for the
