3358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
purpose of having them thoroughly examined
and presented to him it was absolutely neces-
sary to appoint somebody, and I have heard
no objection to the man selected.
With regard to the office of Second Assistant
Secretary of State, it was made for a special
purpose. Mr. Hunter, who now holds that
office, had been chief clerk of the Department
on a salary, I believe, of $2,000.
Mr. SUMNER. Less than that the greater
part of the time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Or $1,800 for a great
number of years, and was a most valuable
officer. He had a family; and a mar. like him,
situated as he was, having been there so long,
so absolutely essential to the proper conduct
of the business of the Department from his ex-
perience and intelligence, was fairly entitled
to a salary which would give hiin a decent
livelihood in these times; and for the purpose
of doing that it was thought advisable %,nd
proper to create the new office of Second As-
sistant Secretary of State for his special benefit;
in the first instance for the sake of giving him
a salary which was adequate to his services.
It was put upon that ground, and it was passed,
I think, with very great unanimity. He is a
gentleman, I believe, having no politics particu-
larly offensive to nobody, but devoted to the
business of his office, and master of the ordi-
nary business of the State Department. Now,
in consequence of his old office being filled,
the effect of repealing this law, would be to
just put Mr. Hunter out of office, at a time of
life when ho cannot turn to any other business ;
and it would be very unjust to him to do so.
On reflecting upon the subject I am satisfied
that the office ought to be permanent, without
referring to the case of Mr. Hunter at all.
There should be somebody in an office of that
description familiar with the business. I be-
lieve such is the idea in England, though the
Senator from Massachusetts can say a great
deal better how it is there. In that Govern-
ment, I understand, there are certain officers
holding high rank, assistants, who are per-
manent, and remain as such, men of long ex-
perience,whose appointments are not political
and who are not changed. When Mr. Hunter
shall retire it will be proper, in my judgment,
to put somebody in his place who has been in
the Department a long time and is competent
to discharge those duties, if such a man can be
found—the ordinary business of the Depart-
ment—who knows all about it, where to look
l'or everything, business which he has done as
chief clerk, which perhaps a chief clerk might
do, to be sure; but which you cannot find
every man competent to do, as prices are at
joresent, who would do it for the salary of a
chief clerk which Mr. Hunter so long received.
The principal Assistant Secretary of State
holds an office more of a political character.
He oversees the appointments, consular ap-
pointments particularly. He aids the Secretary
in writing his communications to foreign min-
isters, &c., and is more intimately connected
with the Secretary himself, and with a change
of administration is likely to go out of office.
That particular place is not in its nature per-
manent.
So, sir, notwithstanding this office was origin-
ally created for the purpose of doing justice to
a most valuable public servant, I am satisfied
that it should remain; tbat it should be in its
nature permanent; that we shall always need
two Assistant Secretaries of State having dis-
tinct duties, one of whom is to be considered
a man to remain, and without whose aid no
new Secretary can get along, and the other of
a different and perhaps a political character.
My colleague has adverted to the fact that
there weretwo Assistant Secretaries ofthe War
Department, and also two AssistantSecretaries
for the Navy Department, and that one of each
lias been dispensed with. That is very true ;
and why ? Because there are in those Depart-
ments heads of bureaus, as suggested by the
Senator from Massachusetts; the business is
divided up into departments, bureaus properly j
so called, which have at their head generally
experienced men understanding the business
of the offices, and one Assistant Secretary is
enough, undoubtedly, in each of those Depart-
ments. As remarked by the Senator from
Massachusetts, that division of labor does not
take place to that extent in the Department
of State; and thus the Assistant Secretaries are
all the men there who answer at all to those
positions.
Now, sir, with regard to the other point, and
that is the statistical matter. My opinion is
that there ought to be but one Bureau of Sta-
tistics, to which all these things ought to be
referred. I am unwilling to dispense with the
valuable information that we get by reason of
collecting these statistics. As all of us under-
stand, they are the digests of communications
made by our consuls abroad with regard to our
trade and commerce and other matters of in-
terest. They have been made for the last
dozen years, and they are valuable ; and if the
repeajing of that branch of the statutes was to
eventuate in dispensing with this collation of
this information received from our consuls
abroad I should be opposed to it. I think it
would have been better for the Committee on
Appropriations to have proposed au amend-
ment for the transfer of it to the Bureau of
Statistics in the Treasury Department, and of
all the papers relating to it, rather than to have
attempted to dispense with it generally. I do
not know but that if you repeal the statute it
may go there as a matter of course, and the
papers be transferred; but all the communica-
tions that arc made by our consuls of this in-
formation, which is of so much value and which
ought to be collated, are mado to the Depart-
ment of State, and if it is not to be collated
there, all that correspondence with the Depart-
ment of State must necessarily be transferred
to the statistical bureau of the Treasury. You
will notice that this information is very fre-
quently mixed up with political matter, or
rather with matter or infoimation which is not
perhaps proper to be communicated to the
public at the time when it is collated.
Therefore it has been managed iu the De-
partment of State; so that that which was in
its nature confidential and ought to be kept
secret should not pass out of the archives of
the Department itself, and that which was of
general commercial information should be
gathered into a volume by itself. I suppose
that is the reason. Still an amendment might
be made, undoubtedly, by whichallthatinform-
ation could be transferred to the statistical
bureau which we have now in existence in the
Treasury Department. I am not so particular
about that, and if the Committee on Appro-
priations think it necessary to repeal the law
on that point X have no particular objection.
My friend, the Senator from New York, says
he has some information relating to that sub-
ject, which I shall be very glad to hear. He
will probably enlighten us, as ho always does.
But, with regard to the other particular matter,
which the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts has moved to strike out, I think it abso-
lutely necessary that it should be stricken out.
These things were provided for two years ago
after very considerable examination and care-
ful deliberation, and I have no doubt at all
that they ought to remain, for the present at
least.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, when the
Senate shall have refused to sustain the Commit-
tee on Appropriations in recommending reduc-
tions so often that reducing expenditures be-
comes hopeless such recommendations ought
to cease. A great soothsayer has said that—
" Things without remedy
Should be without regard."
And yet I am inclined to think the commit-
tee would indulge itself in recommendations
of reductions after the Senate had shown that j
its face was set like flint against them. There i
would be a sort of luxury m these recommend- '
ations to me if ft were only to enjoy the pleas-
ure 1 had from witnessing these exhibitions of
loyalty on the part of distinguished members
of this body. Edmund Burke, I think, defined
loyalty to be a proud submission to something
or other of which at the time he was talking;
and there seems to be a sort of common law—
if it were on a large scale it would be, perhaps,
a comity of nations—which obliges the mem-
bers of committees of this body to act, if
necessary, as efficiently as fiery dragons in
defending the Department with which their
committee has relations on every side against
the incursions and encroachments of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
This morning we proposed to reduce this
"magnificent household" of the President, as
1 heard it called three or four years ago in the
House of Kepresentatives. It shocked my
sense then, and it has ever since ; but it might
with great propriety in definition have "been
called a royal household for the President—a
thing gross and unpardonable, as I believgd at
the time; but certainly unpardonable now.
We proposed to reduce it to the point at which
Abraham Lincoln uncomplainingly received it,
and with it administered the affairs of the Gov-
ernment ; and immediately the sword of my
gallant friend from Connecticut [Mr. Dixoxj
leaped from its scabbard. I waited curiously
to know for which committee he spoke, and at
length he announced himself, that he appeared
as a member of the Committee on Manufactures!
He said it had not met; but I inferred that his
business had been to manufacture plausible,
although with great respect to him, poor excuses
for continuing expenditures which cannot be
defended. But after a most gallant, dashing,
and brilliant foray my friend, the Senator,
permitted an incoming Administration, now
that the war is over, now that pardons are put
out by general law, by proclamations of am-
nesty, as they are called, in place of being
stricken off like hand-bills on a machine, as 1
saw them some time ago at the White House,
we arc peimitted to dispense with the pardon-
ing cleik and with the other people who go to
make up the magnificent appointments ot t-liit,
Executive household.
Then we come to the State Department, and
the hunt is headed, of course, by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sttmner,]
who is never found sleeping upon his post
when anybody proposes a suggestion looking
to curtailment in the Department of State.
That is as 1 supposed it would be. Before
the Clerk had finished the reading of this
amendment I instinctively turned to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to see the orb of the
State Department rise and shed light upon the
impropriety and shortcoming of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations. The chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations says that the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts was
already on his feet before I expected to see
him rise. [Laughter.] I retract anything I
said in derogation of that statement.
Now, Mr. President, what is all this? The
first question in the order in which some Sen-
ator treated it is, whether there shall be t¥  
Assistant Secretaries of State ? Has the jaded
ingenuity of the Senatorfrom Massachusetts—I
venture to say it is jaded, because it has been
exercised so much and so often in favor of
these applications—has the ingenuity of the
Senator from Massachusetts started any reason
why we should have now two Assistant Secre-
taries of State? I know he said the War
Department and the Treasury Department are
organized with heads of bureaus. If I were
to stop and discuss that I think I could give
ample reasons to warrant the saying that it
makes nothing in favor of the idea that we are
to have in the State Department, and in th^t
Department alone, two Assistant Secretaries.
Why is it that the Foreign Office of the Gov-
ernment from the morning of the Government
until the war was able successfully to proceed
without such a suggestion?
Mr. WILSON. It is since the war that the
office of this Assistant Secretary has been cre-
ated.
Mr. CONKLING. lain aware of it. After
the completion of the war this office was cre-
ated; but that is no matter for any purpose ;
