278
SUPPLEMENT TO
to make a removal during a session of the Sen-
ate, except upon the advice and consent of that
body to the appointment of a successor. This
was the opinion of Mr. Johnson himself, as
stated by him in a speech made in the Senate
on the 10th of January, 18G1:
*' I meant that the true way to tight the battle was
for us tu remain lieie ami occupy the placet? assigned
to us by the Constitution of Ihecountry. Why did I
make that statement? It was because on the 4th day
of March next we shall have six majority in this
body; and if, as some approhoncled, the incoming
Administration shall show any disposition to make
encroachments upon the institution of slavery, en-
croachments upon the rights of the States or any
other violation of the Constitution, we, by remaining
in the Union and standing at our places, will have
the power to resist all these encroachments. IIow?
We have the power even to reject the appointment
of the Cabinet officers of the incoming President.
Then should we not be fighting the battle m the
Union by resisting even the urbanisation of the Ad-
ministration m a constitutional mode, and thu<, at
the very start, disabloan Administration which was
likely to encroach ou our rights and to violate the
Constitution of ihecountry? So far as appointing
even a minister abroad is concerned, the incoming
Administration will have no bovver without our con-
sent if we remain here, it comes into ollice hand-
cuffed, powerless to do harm. We, standing heie,
hold the balance of powcrin oar hands; wo can resist
it at the very threshold effectually, and do it inside
of the Union and 111 our house. The incoming Ad-
ministration has not even the power to appoint a
postmaster whose salary exceeds $1,000 a year with-
out consultation with, and the acquiescence of, the
Senato of the United States, The President has not
oven the power to draw his salary, his $25,000 per
annum, unless we appropriate it."—Couarcobional
Globe, vol.—, page—.
It may be well observed that, for the pur-
poses of this trial, and upon the question
whether the President is or is not guilty under
the first three articles exhibited against him by
the House of Representatives, it is of-no con-
sequence whether the Piesident of the United
States has power to remove a civil officer dur-
ing a recess of the Senate. The fact charged
and proved against the President, and on winch,
as one fact- proved against him, we demand his
conviction, is, that lie attempted to remove
Mr. Stanton from the ollice of Secretary of
War during a session of the Senate, it can-
not be claimed with any propriety that the act
of 1789 can be construed as a grant of power
to the President to an extent beyond the prac-
tice of the Government for three quarters of
a century under the Constitution and under
the provisions of the law of 178!). None of
the predecessors of Mr. Johnson, from General
Washington to Mr. Lincoln, although the act
of 1789 was in existence during all that period,
had ever ventured to claim that either under
that act or by virtue of the Constitution the
President of the United States had power to
remove a civil ollicer during a session of the
Senate without its consent and advice. The
utmost that can be said is, that for the last
forty years it had been the practice of the Ex-
ecutive to remove civil officers at pleasure dur-
ing the recess of the Senate. While it maybe
urged that this practice, in the absence of any
direct legislation upon the subject, had become
the common law of the country, protecting the
Executive in a policy corresponding to that
practice, it is also true, for stronger reasons,
that Mr. Johnson was bound by his oath of
office to adhere to the practice of his prede-
cessors in other particulars, none of whom had
ever ventured to remove a civil officer from
his office during the session of the Senate and
appoint a successor, either permanent or ad
interim, and authorize that successor to enter
upon the discharge of the duties of such oflice.
The case of Timothy Pickering has been ex-
plained and it constitutes no exception. As
tar as is known to me the lists of removals and
appointments introduced by the respondent do
not sustain the claim of the answer in regard
to the power of removal.
Hence it is that the actof 1780 is no security
to this respondent, and hence it is that we hold
him guilty of a violation of the Constitution and
of his oath of office under the first and third
articles of impeachment exhibited against him
by the House of Representatives, and this with-
out availing ourselves of the provisions of the
tenure-of-office act of March 2, 1867.
i respectfully ask that lh<> views now sub-
mitted in reference to the act of 1789, may be
considered in connection with the argument I
have already offered upon the true meaning
of the piovisions of the Constitution relating
to the appointment of civil officers.
I pass now to the consideration of the act
of the 13th of February, 1795, on which the
President relics as a justification for his ap-
pointment of Lorenzo Thomas as Secretary of
VVar ad interim. By this act it is provided:
" In case of vacancy in t^e office of Secretary of
State, the Secretary of the Treasury, or ol the Sec-
retary of the l)epaitinent of War, or of any other
officer of either of the said Departments whoso ap-
pointment is not in the head thereof, whereby they
cannot perforin the duties of their said respective
offices, it shall be lawful loi thePresidcntoi the United
States, in case he shall think it necessary, to author-
ize any person or persons, at his discretion, to per-
form the duties of the said respective olhces until a
successor be appointed or such vacancy be tilled:
1'rovulcd, That no one vacancy shall be supplied
in manner aforesaid, for a longer term than six
months,"—1 &tatutets-cd-Large, p. 415.
The ingenuity of the President and his coun-
sel has led them to maintain that the phrase
•'in case of vacancy," used in this statute,
relates to any and every vacancy, however pro-
duced. But the reading of the entire section,
whether casually or carefully, shows that the
purpose of the law was to provide a substitute
temporarily in case of vacancy whereby the
person in ollice could not 'perform the duties
of his ojjive, and necessarily applied only to
those contingencies of official life which put it
out of the power of the person in office to dis-
charge the duties ot the place; such as sick-
ness, absence, or inability of any sort. And
yet the President and his counsel contend that
a removal by the President is a case of vacancy
contemplated by the law, notwithstanding the
limitation of the President in his power of
appointing an ollicer temporarily as to those
eases which render it impossible for the duly
commissioned ollicer to perform the duties of
his ollice. When it is considered, as i have
shown, that the President had no power—and
this without considering the tenure-of-ollice act
of March 2, 18G7—to create a vacancy during
a session of the Senate, the act of 1795, even
upon his construction, furnishes no defense
whatever. But we submit that if he had pos-
sessed the power which he claims by virtue of
the act ol 17N9, that the vacancy referred to in
the act of 179 > is not such a vacancy as is
caused by the removal of a public ollicer, but
that that, act is limited to those vacancies which
arise unavoidably in the public service and
\s ithout the ageucy of the President.. But there
is in the section of the act of 1795, on which
the President lelies, a proviso which nullifies
absolutely the defense which he has set up.
This proviso is that no one vacancy shall be
supplied in manner aforesaid (that is, by a
temporary appointment) for a longer term than
six months.
Mr. Johnson maintains that he suspended
Mr. Stanton Irutn the ollice of Secretary of War
oil the 12ih of August last, not. ly virtue of the
tenure-of-ollice act of March 2, 1807, but under
a power incident to the general and unlimited
powerof removal, which, as he claims, is vested
in the President of the United Slates, and that,
from the 12th of August last, Mr. Stanton has
not been entitled to the oilice of Secretary for
the Department of Wax-. If he suspended Mr.
Stanton as an incident of his general power of
removal, then his suspension, upon the Presi-
dent's theory, created a vacancy such as is
claimed by the President under the statute of
1795, The suspension of Mr. Stanton put him
in such a condition that he could not perform
the duties of the office.7' The President claims
also to have appointed General Grant Secretary
of War ad interim on the 12ih of August last,
by virtue of the statute of 1795. The proviso
of that statute declares that no one vacancy
shall be supplied in manner aforesaid (that is,
by temporary appointment) for a longer term
than six mouths. If the act of 1795 were in
force, and if the President's theory of his rights
under the Constitution and under that act were
a valid theory, the six months during which
thp vnoancy might hnve been supplied tempo-
rarily expired by limitation on the 12th day of
February, 1868, and yet on the 21st day of
February, 1868, the President appointed Lo-
renzo Thomas Secretary of War ad interim to
the same vacancy, and this in violation of the
statute which he pleads in his own defense. It
is too clear for argument that if Mr. Stanton
was lawfully suspended, as the President now
claims, but not suspended under the tenure-of-
office act, then the so-called restoration of Mr.
Stanton on the 13th January was wholly illegal.
But if the statute of 1795 is applicable to a
vacancy created by suspension or removal, then
the President has violated it by the appoint-
ment of General Thomas Secretary of War ad
interim.. And if the statute of 1795 is not ap*
phcable to a vacancy occasioned by a removal,
then the appointment of General Thomas Sec-
retary of War ad interim is without authority
or the color of authority of law.
The fact is, however, that the statute of 1795
is repealed by the operation of the statute of
the 20th of February, 18G3, (Statutes-at*Large,
vol. 12, p. C5G.)
If Senators will consider the provisions of
the statute of 18G3 in connection with the power
of removal under the Constitution during a ses-
sion of the Senate, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and the then recognized
power of removal by the President during a
recess of the Senate to be filled by temporary
appointments, as was the practice previous to
March 2, 1807, they will find that provision
was made by the act of I860 for every vacancy
which could possibly arise in the public service.
The act of February 20, 1803, provides—
"That in case of the death, resignation, absence
from the seat of Government, or sickness of the head
of an executive Department of tne Government, or
of any otlicerof either of the said Departments whose
appointment is not m the head thcreol, whereby they
cannot pp.tjorm the dude* of their respective offices, it
shull be lawful for the President ofthe UnifedStates,
m case he shall think it necessary, to authorize tho
head of any other executive Department or other
officer in either of said Departments whoso appoint-
ment is vested in tho President, at his discretion, to
perform the duties ofthe said respective offices until
a successor be appointed, or until such absence or in-
ability shall cease: Provided, That no one vacancy
shall be supplied in manner aforesaid for a longer
term than six months."
Provision was thus made by the act of 18G3
for filling all vacancies which could occur under
any circumstances. It is a necessary rule of
construction that all previous statutes making
other and different provisions for the filling of
vacancies are repealed by the operation of more
recent statutes j and for the plain reason that
it is inconsistent with any theory of govern-
ment that there should be two legal modes in
existence at the same time for doing the same
thing.
If the view I have presented be a sound one
it is apparent that the President's conduct
finds no support either in the Constitution, in
the act of 1789, or in the legislation of 1795,
on which he chiefly relies as a justification for
the appointment of Thomas as Secretary of
War ad interim. It follows, also, thai if the
tenure-of-office act had not been passed the
President would have been guilty of a high
misdemeanor, in that he issued an order for
the removal of Mr. Stanton from oflice during
th > session of the Senate, in violation of the
Constitution and of his own oath of office;
that he was guilty of a high misdemeanor in
the appointment of Lorenzo Thomas as Sec-
retary of War ad interim, and this whether
the act of the loth of February, 1795, is in
force, or whether the same has been repealed
by the statute of 1803. His guilt is thus fully
proved and established as charged in the first,
second, and third articles of impeachment
exhibited against him by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and this without considering the
requirements or constitutionality of the act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices.
1 pass now to the consideration of the tenure-
of-office act. I preface what 1 have to say by
calling to your attention that portion of my
argument already addressed to you, in which
I have set forth and maintained, as I was able,
the opinion that the'President had no right to
