THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
2Tf
make any inquiry whether an act of Congress
is or is not constitutional: that, having no right
to make such inquiry, he could not plead that
he had so inquired and reached the conclu-
sion that the act inquired about was invalid.
You will also bear in mind the views presented,
that this tribunal can take no notice of any
argument or suggestion that a law deemed
unconstitutional may be willfully violated by
the President. The gist of his crime is that
he intentionally disregarded a law, and, in the
nature of the case, it can be 110 excuse or de-
fense that such law, in his opinion, or in the
opinion of others, was not in conformity with
the Constitution.
In this connection I desire to call your at-
tention to suggestions made by the President,
and by the President's counsel—by the Presi-
dent in his message of December, 1807, and
by the President's counsel in his opening argu-
ment—that if Congress were by legislation to
abolish a department of the Government, or
to declare that the President should not be
Commander-in-Chief of the Army or the Navy,
that it would be the duty of the President to
disregard such legislation. These are extreme
cases and not within the range of possibility.
Members of Congress are individually bound
by an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, and it is not to be presumed,
even for the purpose of argument, that they
would wantonly disregard the obligations of
their oath, and enact in the form of law rules
or proceedings in plain violation of the Con-
stitution. Such is not the course of legisla-
tion, and such is not the character of the act
we are now to consider. The bill regulating
the tenure of certain civil offices was passed
by a constitutional majority in each of the two
Houses, and it is to be presumed that each
Senator and Representative who gave it his
support did so in the belief that its provisions
were in harmony with the provisions of the
Constitution. We are now dealing with prac-
tical affairs, and conducting the Government
within the Constitution ; and in reference to
measures passed by Congress under such cir-
cumstances, it is wholly indefensible for the
President to suggest the course that, in his
opinion, he would be justilied in pursuing if
Congress were openly and wantonly to disre-
gard the Constitution and inaugurate revolu-
tion in the Government.
It is asserted bj' tiie counsel for the President
that he took advice as to the constitutionality
of the tenure-of'-oflice act, and being of opin-
ion that it was unconstitutional, or so much
of it at least as attempted to deprive him of
the power of removing the members of the
Cabinet, he felt it to be his duty to disregard
its provisions ; and the question is now put
with feeling and emphasis whether the Pres-
ident is to be impeached, convicted, and
removed from office for a mere difference of
opinion. True, the President is not to be
removed for a mere difference of opinion. If
he had contented himself with the opinion that
the law was unconstitutional, or even with the
exprefsion of such an opinion privately or offi-
cially to Congress. 110 exception could have
been taken to his conduct. But he has at-
tempted to act in accordance with that opinion,
and in that action he has disregarded the re-
quirements of the statute. It is for thisaction
that he is to be arraigned, and is to be con-
victed. But it is not necessary for us to rest
upon the doctrine that it was the duty of the
President to accept the law as constitutional
and govern himself accordingly in all his official
doings. We are prepared to show that the law
is in truth in harmony with the Constitution,
and that its provisions apply to Mr. Stanton as
Secretary for the Department of War.
The tenure-of-offiee act makes no change in
the powers of" the President and the Senate,
during the session of the Senate, to remove a
civil officer upon a nomination by the Presi-
dent, and confirmation by the Senate, of a
successor. This was an admitted constitutional
power from the very organization of the Gov-
ernment, while the right now claimed by the
President to remove a civil officer daring a
session of the Senate, without the advice and
consent of the Senate, was never asserted by
any of liis predecessors, and certainly never
recognized by any law or by any practice. This
rule applied to heads of Departments as well
as to other civil officers. Indeed, it may be
said, once for all, that the tenure by which
members of the Cabinet have held their places
corresponds in every particular to the tenure
by which other civil officers have held theirs.
It is undoubtedly true that, in practice, mem-
bers of the Cabinet have been accustomed to
tender their resignations upon a suggestion
from the President that such a course would
be acceptable to him. But this practice has
never changed their legal relations to the Pres-
ident or to the country. There was never a
moment of time, since the adoption of the Con-
stitution, when the law or the opinion of the
Senate recognized the right of the President
to remove a Cabinet officer during a session
of the Senate, without the consent of the Sen-
ate given through the confirmation of a suc-
cessor. Hetice, m this particular, the tenure-
of-office act merely enacted and gave form to
a practice existing from the foundation of the
Government—a practice in entire harmony
with the piovisions of the Constitution upon
that subject. The chief change produced by
the tenure-of-oflicc act had reference to re-
movals during the recess of the Senate. Pre-
vious to the 2d of March, 1807, as has been
already shown, it was the practice of the Pres-
ident during the recesses of the Senate to re-
move civil officers and to grant commissions
to other persons under the third clause of the
second section of the second article of the
Constitution. This power, as has been seen,
was a doubtful one in the beginning. The
practice grew up under the act of 1(89, but
the right of Congress by legislation to regulate
the exercise of that power was not questioned
in the great debate of that year, nor can it
reasonably be drawn into controversy now.
The act of March 2, 18G7, declares that the
President shall not exercise the power of re-
moval, absolutely, during the recess of the
Senate, but that if any officer shall be shown,
by evidence satisfactory to the President, to be
guilty of misconduct in office, or of crime, or
for any reason shall become incapable or legally
disqualified to perform his duties, the President
may suspend him from office and designate
some suitable person to perform temporarily
the duties of such office until the next meeting
of the Senate and the action of the Senate
thereon.
By this legislation the removal is qualified
and is made subject to the final action of the
Senate instead of being absolute, as was the
fact under the practice theretofore prevailing,
it is to he observed, however, that this feature
of the act regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices is not drawn into controversy by these
proceedings, and therefore it is entirely unim-
portant to the President whether that provision
of the act is constitutional or not. 1 can, how-
ever, entertain no doubt of its constitutionality.
The record of the case shows that Mr. Stanton
was suspended from office during the recess,
but was removed from office, as far as an order
of the President could effect his removal, dur-
ing a session of the Senate. It is also wholly
immaterial to the present iaquiiy whether the
suspension of Mr. Stanton on the 12th of
August, 1807, was made under the tenure-of-
office act, or in disregard of it, as the President
now asserts. It being thus clear that so much
of the act- as relates to appointments and re-
movals from office during the session of the
Senate is in harmony with the practice of the
Government from the first, and in harmony
with the provisions of the Constitution on which
that praciice was based, and it being admitted
that the order of the President for the removal
of Mr. Stanton was issued during a session of
the Senate, it is unnecessary to inquire whether
the other parts of the act are constitutional or
not, and also unnecessary to inquire what the
provisions of the act are in reference to the
heads of the several Executive Departments. I
presume authorities are not needed to show
that a law may be* unconstitutional and void in
some of its parte, and the remaining portions
continue in fullforce. , ...
The body of the first section of the act reg^i 
lating the tenure of certain civil offices is in
these words:
" Every person holding any civil ofSceto wbieh be
lias been appointed by and with the advice and eon-
sent of the Senate, and every person who shall hjere-
nltcr be appointed to any such office, and shall be-
come duly qualified to act therein, is, and shall be
ontitled, to hold such office until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duly quali-
fied, except as herein otherwise provided."
Omitting for the moment to notice the excep1
tion, there can he no doubt that this provision
would have applied to the Secretary of War,
and to every other civil officer under the Gov-
ernment ; nor can there be any doubt that the
removal of Mr. Stanton during a session of the
Senate is a misdemeanor by the law, and pun-
ishable as such under the sixth section of the
act, unless the body of the section quoted is so
controlled by the proviso as to take the Secre-
tary of War out of its grasp. The proviso is
111 these words:
"Thnt the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of
W nr, of the Navy, and of tho Interior, the Postmaster
General, and tho Attorney (Jeneral shall hold thoir
offices respectively for and during the term of tue_
President by whom they may havo been appointed
and one month thereafter, subject to removal by and
with tho advice and consent of tho Senate."
We maintain that Mr. Stanton, as Secre-
tary of War, was, on the 2d day of March,
18(37, within and included under the language
of the proviso, and was to hold his office for
and during the term of the President by whom
he had been appointed, and one month there-
after, subject to removal, however, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. We
maintain that Mr. Stanton was then holding
the office of Secretary of War for and in the
term of President Lincoln, by whom he had
been appointed; that that term commenced
on the 4th of March, 1865, and will end on the
4th of March, 1869. Tho Constitution defines
the meaning of the word "term." When
speaking of the President, it says:
"lie shall hold liis office durince the term of four
years, and, together with tho Vicc President, chosen
fur the same term, be elected as follows."
Now, then, although the President first
elected may die during his term, the office and
the term of the office still remain. Having
been established by the Constitution, it is not
in any degree dependent upon the circumstance
whether tho person elected to the term shall
survive to the end or not. It still is a presi-
dential term. It still is in law the term of the
President who was elected to the office. The
Vice President was chosen at the same time
and elected for the same term. But it is the
term of a different office from that of Presi-
dent—the term of the office of Vice President.
Illr. Johnson was elected to the office of Vice
President, for the term of four years. Mr. Lin-
coln was elected to the office of President for
the term of four years. Mr. Lincoln died iu
the second month of his term, and Mr. John-
son succeeded to the office.
It was not a new office; it was not a new
term. He succeeded to Mr. Lincoln's office,
and for the remainder of Mr. Lincoln's term of
office. He is serving out Mr. Lincoln's term
as President. The law says that the Secre-
taries shall hold their offices respectively for
and during the term of the President by whom
they may have been appointed. Mr. Lincoln's
term commenced on the 4th of March, 1865.
Mr. Stanton was appointed by Mr. Lincoln;
lie was in office in Mr. Lincoln's term, when
the act regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices was passed; and by the proviso of that
act he was entitled to hold that office until one
month after the 4th of March, 1809, unless he
should be sooner removed therefrom, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate.
The act of March 1, 1792, concerning the
succession, iu case the office of President and
Vice President both become vacant, recognizes
the presidential term of four years as the con*
