1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOW
two Houses on that bill. If no objection is
made, the request of the Senate will be granted.
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER appointed as the conferees
on the part of the House Mr. Spalding of
Ohio, Mr. Washburne of Illinois, and Mr.
Marshall of Illinois.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Gravely after to-morrow.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Huriuro, on account of the illness of his
wife.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Wilson", of Iowa, on account of indispo-
sition.
leave to print.
Mr. MILLER asked and obtained leave to
print in the Globe some remarks upon the
general political issues of the country.
Mr. BURLEIGH asked and obtained leave
to print in the Globe some remarks upon the
organization of Wyoming Territory.
[These speeches will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title ; when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 1427) to establish certain
post roads.
election contest jl'grorty vs. hooper.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the election-
contest case from Utah, and I ask that the
resolutions reported by the Committee of Elec-
tions may be read.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved, That William McGrorty is not entitled to
a seat lu this JJoum:, as a Delegate from tiic Territoiy
of Utah.
Resolved, That William II. Hooper is entitled to a
seat m this House, as a Delegate Iroui the Territory
oi Utah.
Mr. DAWES. I propose to submit these
resolutions to the House without debate. It
is sufficient to say that the official canvass
shows Mr. Hooper to have received 15,068
votes and the contestant 105 votes, and that
no notice was given or any testimony taken in
conformity with law. The committee have,
nevertheless, patiently heard the contestant,
but were unanimously of the opinion that lie is
not entitled to the seat.
The report in this case was prepared by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Chanler,]
who would have charge of the case at this
time were he not detained from the House by
sickness in his family. I am requested by the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Upson,] the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. McClurg,]
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scofield,] my colleagues upon the Committee
of Elections, to state that while they agree to
the resolutions there is much in the views
expressed by the gentleman from New York
in his report to which they dissent, and I also
desire to say that I join in that dissent. There
aie many papers also published in connection
with the report that I supposed were not to be
published.
I now yield the remainder of my time to the
contestant, Mr. McGrorty. I do not know that
he desires to occupy the whole of it; but at
the conclusion of his speech I shall move the
previous question on the first resolution and
move to lay the second resolution upon the
table.
Mr. McGRORTY, (contestant.) I do not
propose, Mr. Speaker, to occupy the attention
of the House for any great length of time. The
question involved in this case is one of great
national importance ; it is one in which every
living soul within the geographical lines of the
Republic is interested. I desire particularly
thaL members will give me that attention which
the importance of the case demands.
On the 1th of February, 1867, an election
was held in the Territory of Utah for the
choice of a Delegate to the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States. William H.
Hooper claims to hold that office, as the result
of such election, by a vote of 15,068. William
McGrorty, however, denies the legality of
Hooper's election, and claims to be entitled to
the office in question, as the recipient of 105
votes.
From Miscellaneous Documents No. 35,
printed in the case, it appears that on the 23d of
February, 1867, the contestant dispatched to
both the sitting Delegate and to the Clerk of the
House of Representatives notice of his (the con-
testant's) intention to contest the election of the
sitting Delegate. The same document further
shows, that on the 18th of January, 1868, this
contestant sent the sitting Delegate auother
notice of his (the contestant's) intention to con-
test tho election of the said sitting Delegate,
accompanied by a written statement of seven
exceptions and twelve specifications of ille-
gality in the said election.
This contestant also presents as evidence in
thecase a number of affidavits, the depositions
of George B. Smith and Mrs. Sarah E. Car-
michael Williamson, with other written and
printed matter. The contestant's notice, how-
ever, is alleged to be insufficient by the sitting
Delegate, who claims by reason thereof to be
exempt from all legal obligation to auswer in
the case.
The sitting Delegate, however, does not re-
main absent or silent, or content himself with
a mere dilatory exception. On the contrary
he appears, with his counsel, before the House
Committee on Elections, there makes eleven
elaborate exceptions ore temis in bar and to
the merits of the case, and argues them mi-
nutely. Still further, the sitting Delegate pre-
sents, by way of answer in writing, an elabo-
rate, argumentative " statementofthe positions
relied upon by" him, containing these same
eleven exceptions to the contestant's case, as
it stands presented on the merits, including
the unsworn written statements of four "rncu
of character and position," as he describes
them, whom he also names, and those "of
forty-one citizens, not Mormons," less favored,
it would seem, than the other four, but never-
theless leading merchants, bankers, and busi-
ness men, as they are by him described, of
Salt Lake City, to show that this " contestant
could at any time since the" said election,
have given his notice in full and "proceeded
with his case in the manner prescribed bylaw,
with entire and perfect safety to himself, with-
out the least possible danger of personal vio-
lence ; and who," acordiugto the sitting Dele-
gate, "state further that the fullest freedom
and expression of opinion are indulged in and
tolerated in the said Territory," &c.
This "statement" concludes with a chal-
lenge to match the people of Utah in devotion
to that Government of which they form apart,
(these are its very words,) representing them
as persecuted and driven from their homes,
misstates a certain order of the Federal Gov-
ernment in regard to Mormon troops as a call
of the United States there engaged in a foreign
war, exaggerates their former sufferings and
privations, and grossly misrepresents the pres-
ent population of Utah as more than one hun-
dred thousand. This " statement" is not under
oath, nor is it accompanied by any affidavit or
deposition. Though extremely argumentative
and diffuse, it is not in any part or manner
fully and adequately responsive to this contest-
ant's exceptions and depositions, nor is it even
subscribed by the sitting Delegate. While it
devolves upon him, therefore, all the burdens
of the present ease it is wholly insufficient to
bar its legal responsibilities.
The first question, then, is whether this case
can be maintained as it stands presented by
this contestant. The original notice of Feb-
ruary 28, 1867, is alleged to have been insuffi-
cient for want of the necessary specifications
of exceptions. It will be perceived, however,
(Mis. Doc., No. 3o, page3,) that this contestant
gives his reasons under oath for this omission.
And the sitting Delegate, whiie he affects to
claim all the benefits of silence, interposes an
inadequate denial, including a gross misrepre-
sentation of several of the incidents of-outrage
in Utah detailed by the attorney of this con-
testant in his argument before the House Com-
mittee of Elections, and also the written state-
ments, as they purport to be, of forty-one men,
not Mormons, of Salt Lake City.
This contestant stated that the reasons which
induced him to omit detailed specifications
from the original notice of February 23, 1867,
were the apprehension that the lives of him-
self and his friends would have been in con-
stant danger after such detailed notice, and
during the taking of the testimony and the
prosecution of the contest; and to sustain his
allegations thus made he instances a large
number of outrages committed in Utah, " all
of which," says the sitting Delegate, "occurred
there by his (the contestant's) own showing
from eight to fifteen years ago." (Exception
ninth of Delegate's statement.) The gross error
of such a representation as this is shown by
the fact that the contestant's attorney says in
his argument, since printed and laid before the
House Committee of Elections, and inthe hands
of the sitting Delegate, it is submitted, when
this statement was made and filed, (page 19 of
printed argument,,) the " killing of Squire '
Newton Brassfield, a highly respectable citizen
of Austin, Nevada, who was shot down in the
streets of Salt Lake City, in the company of
the United States marshal," was on the 2d of
April, 1865, (this is an error of the year; it
was I860,) and the assassination of Dr. J. K.
Robinson, who had become involved in litiga-
tion with Salt Lake City, was "on the 22d of
October, 1866." And on page 20 of his printed
argument the contestant's attorney says: " The
killing of the new prophet, Joseph Morris, with
Batiks and four women of his followers, who
having resisted those seeking to arrest them
were shot down in cold blood after surrender-
ing," was June 13,1882; "the killing of negro
Tom, a Mormon, who was found in the out-
skirts of Salt Lake City with his throat cut
from ear to ear," "was in the fall of 1866;"
and (same page) " the murder of Isaac Potter
and Charles Wilson, at Coalville," was "on
the 2d of August last," 1867.
It will thus appear from simple collocation
of dates that the four last eases of homicide
referred to by this contestant's counsel were
within two years from the date of that state-
mentofthe sitting Delegate; two of them within
five months before, and one of them about six
months after, the election iu question. The
homicide of Potter and Wilson occurred less
than one year ago.
Several other cases of homicidehave occurred
in Salt Lake City and its vicinity, which might,
but have not been mentioned by this contest-
ant's counsel. The murder of Potter and
Wilson, referred to page 20 of Judge Waite's
printed argument, lully justifies this contest-
ant, it is submitted, in declining to give a
detailed notice of Ins intention to contest the
election of the sitting Delegate, and impress-
ively shows the extreme peril to which this
contestant would have been exposed with his
witnesses while in Utah, preparing the evidence
of his case, and in the power of the Mormous,
without the special protection of the Federal
Government, which, however, was wholly un-
obtainable. A full report of the evidence taken
on the primary hearing of that case is now
before the House Committee of Elections. The
whole annals of crime present no worse case
of preconcerted, remorseless murder than that
testimony conclusively exhibits.
But. the fate of tho witnesses in that case
is what makes it an example of peculiar gravity
to this contestant. Two of the twelve men
committed, or rather ordered to be committed,
for they were allowed by the Mormon marshal
to go at large without any effort to restrain
them, were sent i'rotn Salt Lake City to Coal-
ville, charged by those who in Utah arrogate
to themselves the arbitrary disposal of men's
lives and fortunes, with the perpetration of
the murder of Isaac Potter, Charles Wilson,
and John Walker. One of these two was, or
