1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1811
the petition of J. I'\ Caldwell, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be primed.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. II. No. l^g) authorizing the Sec-
retary ot the Treasury to issue an American
register to the bark Golden Fleece, reported
adversely thgreon.-
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of H. and S. French,
reported a joint resolution (S. it. No. 113)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue an American register to the British-built
brig Highland Mary; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 362) to amend the usury laws
of the District of Columbia, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Emma
M. Moore, widow of Commodore E. W. Moore,
deceased, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a petition
of citizens of Iowa, praying that a pension be
granted to Orson Young, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that the petitioner have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 332) granting a
pension to John W. Harris, reported it with-
out amendment, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Moses Olmstead,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that the petitioner have leave
to withdraw his petition and papers; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of David D. Porter,
viee admiral United States Navy, praying for
the grant of a pension to the widow and chil-
dren of Major D. P. Heap, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Emily Hooe, widow
of Brevet Major Alexander T. Hooe, reported
adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, reported
them severally with an amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 230) granting a pension to
John Q. A. Keck, late a private in the third
Missouri cavalry;
A bill (H. It. No. 411) for the relief of Al-
mira Wyeth;
A bill (Ii. R. No. 518) granting a pension
to George P. Gorhan, late a private in com-
pany B, twenty-ninth regiment Massachusetts
volunteer infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 522) granting a pension to
W. W. Cuningham;
A bill (H. R. No. 523) granting a pension
to James S. Todd; and
A bill (H. R. No. 521) granting a pension to
Austin M. Partridge.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, reported them
without amendment:
A bill (II. R. No. 152) for the relief of the
widow and children of Henry E. Morse;
A bill (H. R. No. 240) granting a pension to
Milton Anderson; ,
A bill (H. It. No. 257) for the relief of
James L. Dickerson;
A bill (H. R. No. 258) for the relief of Mary
E. Craig;
A bill (II- R. No. 280) to grant a pension to
Margaret Huston;
A bill (II. It. No. 517) granting a pension to
Cornelia 1L Schmidt, widow of Adam Schmidt,
deceased, late a private in company A, thirty-
seventh Ohio volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 519) granting a pension to
Eliza J. Itenuard, widow of William K. Ren-
nard, deceased, late a private in tenth Ohio
volunteers of the war of 1801;
A bill (II. It. No. 520) to place the name
of Josephine K. Bugher on the pension-rolls;
A bill (H. It. No. 526) increasing the pen-
sion of Susan A. Mitchel; and
A bill (II. It. No. 455) granting a pension to
David Van Nostrand.
. He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refeired the petition of Rosa Lenker, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
381) granting a pension to Edward Hamee,
minor child of Edward Hamee, deceased. The
bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of ObadiahT. Plum,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 382) granting an increase of pension to
Obadiah T. Plum. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Susan Overlees,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 383) granting a pension to John A. Weed
and Elizabeth J. Weed, minor children of Rob-
ert T. Weed, deceased. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
rules oi'1 this senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. The select committee
appointed to revise the standing rules of the
Senate have instructed me to make a report,
which I ask to have printed. This report has
been delayed somewhat, partly on account of
the constant occupation of the members with
other committees. As the period of the ses-
sion is now approaching when the inconven-
iences which made, in the judgment of the
Senate, a revision of the rules of the Senate
necessary, are certain to arise, I shall, as soon
as Senators have had an opportunity to exam-
ine the report, ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to call it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
to piint will be entered, no objection being
made.
committee service.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senate to ex-
cuse me from further service upon the Commit-
tee on Public Lands. The pressure of my duties
on two or three other committees, of one of
which 1 am the (Chairman, takes so much of
my time that I am entirely unable to give the
attention to the business of the Committee on
Public Lands that its great importance de-
serves ; and I feel that it is due to the Senate
and to that committee also that I should be ex-
cused, and that my place may be supplied by
some one who can attend the meetings of the
committee and aid in its important business.
The question being put, Mr. Edmunds was
excused.
abduction of a. m'donald in canada.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if com-
patible with the public interest, a copy of auy coire-
ftpondenceon thesubjoetof the abduction of one Allan
McDonald Irom tlio township of Moore, in Canada.
bills introduced.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, asked,
and by unanimous consent obtained, leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 377) to change the
times of holding the district and circuit courts
of the United States in the several districts in
the State of Tennessee; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. In the
same connection I desire to present a letter of
Hon. Connolly l'\ Tiigg, United States district
judge, which I ask to have referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary with the bill.
The letter was so referred.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
378) organizing a commission for the examina-
tion and decision of claims in the War Depart-
ment ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. YATES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
379) for the relief of Thomas Wolfe, of
Macoupin county, Illinois; which was tfead
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
380) to amend an act to modify certain laws
imposing duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 384) to provide for the registration of elect-
ors in the Territories of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Territories.
order of business.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
that was under consideration in the morning
hour the day before yesterday, for completing
the publication of the report of the Surgeon
General.
Mr. CONKLING. There is an amendment
to be offered to that, I will suggest to the Sena-
tor, and the morning hour has almost expired.
Mr. ANTHONY. I presume it will lead to
no discussion; I suppose it will be passed in
five minutes. I think there is no amendment
to be offered to which the committee will object.
Mr. CONKLING. I have an amendment
to offer. I do not object to taking up the reso-
lution.
Mr. ANTHONY. I only wish to say about
it that all resolutions ordering public printing
ought to be considered immediately for the
public economy and public convenience. I
have no particular desire about this matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, House bill No. 214
is before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from
Illinois give me five minutes?
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is it about?
Mr. ANTHONY. A resolution in regard to
printing the Surgeon General's report. It is
in type, and this matter ought to be settled.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
the special order lying over informally if a vote
can be taken on the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say to both
Senators that there is a matter connected with
this resolution which will take some little time
to adjust. I am quite willing to have it taken
up now, but not with the understandin^that we
shall act upon it without debate. There is a
matter of substance that ought to be arranged.
Mr. ANTHONY. How long does the Sen-
ator wish to occupy?
Mr. CONKLING-. Personally, but a very
few minutes. I wish to offer an amendment,
and I wish to explain it; and one or two other
Senators want to make a suggestion about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That being the case, I
trust the Senator from Rhode Island will not
press it.
voting in unreconstructed states.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (II.
R. No. 214) to amend the act passed March
23, 1807, entitled "An act supplementary to
an act to provide for the more efficient govern-
ment of the rebel States, passed March 2, 1867,
and to facilitate their restoration,'' is before the
Senate as in the Committee of the Whole. The
pending question is the motion of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] to recommit
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary,
with instructions to report a bill repealing all
the reconstruction laws passed by Congress.
On this question the Senator from New York
is entitled to the floor.
