2336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
tcr painters, master masons, master boatbuilders,
master spatmakers, master blockmakers, and the
superintendents of rope-walks, shall be appointed
by the President, with the advice and consent of tho
Seriate, and shall be men skilled in their several
duties and appointed from civil life, and shall not
be appointed from the officers of the Navy.
The committee recommend concurrence.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the House will not
concur in that amendment.
_ Mr. WASH B (JRNE, of Illinois. This pro-
viso is precisely like aprovision in the existing
law.
Mr. BANKS. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations [Mr. Washburxe,
of Illinois] is utterly mistaken in that respect.
The provision of the existing law is a proviso to
an appropriation bill, and expires with that
bill. If it is the intention ofthe committee that
this provision shall remain operative as a part
of the law, it is indispensable that it should bo
incorporated in this bill.
This proviso was adopted by an almost unan-
imous vote of the House. It touches one of
the subjects most interesting and most import-
ant to ihe people. I am sure the two Houses
will concur in some regulation upon this sub-
ject, if they properly consider it. I hope,
therefore, the committee will allow this pro-
viso to stand as a part of this bill. I am con-
vinced in my own mind—though the idea occurs
to me suddenly, but I may be in error—I am
convinced in my own mind that the proviso
inserted in the appropriation bill of last year,
upon my own motion, is a condition attached
to that appropriation, and is exhausted with
the expenditure ofthe appropriation.
But, at any rate, I may be allowed to say
that the Secretary of the Navy has deliberately
disregarded that provision ; he has set it aside.
And some action or some legislation ought to
be taken upon this subject in that view. If
this action be not necessary to maintain the
original condition in the bill of last year I
would be glad to hear the statement of the
chairman ofthe Committee on Appropriations
upon this subject, showing that it is a part of
the existing law. If it be so, of coarse I will
not ask that it be repeated in this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. With the consent of
the gentleman from Illinois, I would like to
put a question to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] in regard to what he has
said. We wish to understand what change is
proposed to bo made in the existing law. If
the proviso now in the bill should be stricken
out, how will the matter then stand ; how will
these officers or these workmen be appointed?
Mr. BANKS. If the proviso now in the bill,
and which the Senate proposes to strike out,
be retained, these men will be appointed by
the President and confirmed by the Senate,
unless some change shall be made in the law
on this subject.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I supposed that, under
the existing law, they were appointed by the
Secretary ofthe Navy. That was my impres-
sion.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; they will be ap-
pointed by the President. Whatever the Sec-
retary of the Navy does is supposed to be done
with the concurrence of the President.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But the gentleman will,
if he pleases, answer the question I have sug-
gested—how will the law stand if the proviso
be stricken out? What will then be law? How
will these men then be appointed?
Mr. BANKS. These places, Mr. Speaker,
will be filled by warrant officers of the Navy.
I make no question as to who shall appoint
these men, if they be practical mechanics and
men from civil life. My objection is to filling j
up the workshops of this country, so far as the
Government can control them, with warrant
officers of tho Navy. Men wearing uniforms
and shoulder straps, knowing nothing of the
business they are to supervise, are appointed
by the Government of the United States to
control the mechanics of this country. If it
be werely a question whether they shall be
appointed by the President or by the Secretary
of the Navy I have not a word to say. I am
quite willing that the Secretary of the Navy
shall appoint them, if he will; but he will not.
Therefore the proposition was made by the
House that the President should be directed
to appoint these men from civil life, and that
they should be men skilled in the trades which
they are appointed to supervise. If I have
answered the question of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridoe,] I willnot trespass
further upon the courtesy of the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now, Mr.
Speaker, I may say, 1 presume, that there was
no division of opinion as to the merits of this
proviso. I raised the question, the gentleman
will recollect, when this bill was under consid-
eration in Committee of the Whole, and the
ground I took then was that the proviso was
entirely unnecessary, because the existing law
contains such a provision. It was deemed un-
necessary to reenaet that provision, although
the Secretary of tho Navy may have refused,
and probably has refused, to execute it, as he
has refused to do a great many other things
which he ought to have done. I will ask the
Clerk to read, in the first place, the proviso
which the Senate proposes to strike out, and
afterward the provision of the existing law.
The Clerk i-ead as follows:
Provided, That tho civil engineer and naval store-
keeper at tile several navy-yards and the persons em-
ployed at tho several navy-yards to superintend the
mechanical departments, and here to tore known as
mastci in echaiiics, mister carpentcrs, master joiners,
master blacksmiths, master boilermakers, master sail-
makcrs, master plumbers, master painters, master
calkers, master masons, master boatbuilders, mas-
ter spu.rmakers, master bloekmakors, and the super-
intendent ot'tho rope-walks, sliall bo appointed by the
President,with theadviecand conscntof the Senate,
and shall be men skilled in tlicii sevcial duties and
appointed Irom civil life, and shall not be appointed
from the officers ol'tlie Navy."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
ask the Clerk to read tho provision of the act
of March 2, 1867.
The Clerk read as follows:
"For pay of superintendents and tho civil estab-
lishment at the several navy-yards and stations
under the control of the JBuieau of Yards and Docks
and at the Naval Asylum, $158,967: i'rovided, That
the civil engineer and naval storekeeper, when re-
quired at any of the navy-yards, shall be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, and the persons employed at the sev-
eral navy-yards as master machinists, master car-
penters, master joiners, master blacksmiths, master
boilermakers, master sailmakers, master plumbers,
master painters, and master calkers, shall be men
skilled in their several duties and appointed from
civil life."
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, my apprehen-
sion is that this proviso tnay be construed as a
condition appended to the appropriation made
in that section, and that it is not in such lan-
guage as is necessary to constitute a permanent
law of the land. If I am in error in this 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am will-
ing that the House shall non-concur in this
amendment, and that this matter should be
considered by a committee of conference.
Mr. BANKS. I hope that may be done.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
On page 5, after line seven, insert:
For books for libraries for vessels of war and for
books and stationery for naval apprentices, $4,500.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment; j
In line nine strike out the word "six " ana insert I
" threeso that the paragraph will read : |
For binnacles, pedestals, and other appurtenances i
of ships' compasses, to be made in the yards, $3,000. ;
Tho committee recommend concurrence. j
The amendment was concurred in. i
Eleventh amendment: j
On page B, in line twenty-one, after the word I
"offices," insert "and contingent expenses."
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
On lines twenty-three and twenty-four, strike out
the word* " seventy-three thousand and one dollars,"
and insert in lieu thereof "seventy-six thousandseven
hundred and six dollars."
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
In line twenty-six, strike out the word "five"
and insert " threeso that the paragraph will read:
For contingent expenses, $(33,450.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
On page 7, in line two, strike out the words "and
so forth."
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
In line three, after the word "enginery," insert
" and for pay of mechanics and laborers."
The committee recommend concnrrenco.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
In line three, strike out "seven" and insert" five"
in lieu thereof; so that the paragraph will read :
For support of department of steam enginery,
$5,000.
The committee recommend concurrence,
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Strike out all of line four, as follows:
For pay of mechanics and others in thesame, §3,000.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
In lineseven, strikeout" two"and insert " three
so that the paragraph will read :
For wagea of one instrument-maker, ono mos-
songer, one porter, and three watchmen.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
In linenineteen,strikeout "one"an insert "two"
in lieu thereof; so that the paragraph will read :
For payment of expenses of Visitors to the Naval
Academy, $2,000.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
On page 8, in line eighteen, strike out the words
" and so iorth for."
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment :
In line twenty-two, strike out the words "and ao
forth."
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
t On page 9, in line seven, strike out tho word
'tools" and insert " tolls" in lieu thereof.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
In line thirteen, strike oat the words " and so
forth."
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Strike out all of line fifteen, as follows-
lor Naval Laboratory, $20,000.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WASl-IBUIiNE, of Illinois. I desire to
enter a motion to reconsider the vote by which
that amendment was concurred in. It is cov-
ered by another item.
The motion to reconsider was entered.
Twenty-filth amendment:
In line seventeen, strike out " thirtv-two " and tn-
wfll rend-y m thereof; « at the paragraph
r„?,°r ,pt1y of civ,U e"ta"blishment under this bu-
$60 000 several navy hospitals and navy-yards,
T he committee recommend non-concurrence.
Ihe amendment was non-coneurred in.
Twenty^sixth amendment:
.. tkree and_ twenty-four strike out
read' " lns $1(0,000:" so that it will
Marino corps:
¥« pay of efiieers, non-ooinraissionod offioers.
