1812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator having this bill in charge has ushered in
its consideration by a somewhat particular nar-
ration of the positions held by the two Houses
and by individual members of this body upon
a question which he seems to regard as iden-
tical in all its bearings with the one now pre-
sented. _ The Senator read from a newspaper
some criticism upon himself, alleging, if I un-
derstood it aright, that there was cause of
blame in the fact that the bill had passed the
House of Representatives on the 18th o£ De-
cember last, had been referred to the commit-
tee of which he is chairman on the 19th of De-
cember, and had but now been reported back
to the Senate. In connection with this state-
ment he read from the Globe repeated lists of
the yeas and nays, showing how Senators voted
upon a question which he treats as identical
with this. I confess I did not understand the
purpose of the Senator in these citations. I
could hardly see how they met the newspaper
allegation or the fact Upon which it was founded ;
and I am sure the Senator did not intend to
convict of inconsistency those of his party as-
sociates who, having voted for a particular
feature of the act of March 23, may now sup-
port this bill. I fuel equally sure that he did
not intend to repel votes from the bill before
us by directing attention to an allegation that
one half the Senate recently and deliberately
held a position in conflict with the pending
measure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has not
stated the portion of the article to which I
replied. The part of the article to which I
replied stated that I would vote individually
against the proposition allowing a majority of
those voting to control the question. It was
that I replied to.
Mr. CONKLING. I have the extract before
me, and T confess I do not get that idea from it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I made no allusion to
the action of the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. CONKLING. The extract the Senator
read is this:
u "Mr. Thumbull lias kept the bill"—
Referring to this bill—
"in committee for over three weeks without asking
any action on it."'
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will allow
me to interrupt him again. I do not think I
read that.
Mr. CONKLING. It appears in the Globe.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see it does, but I
read the portion that referred to myself^ I he
reporter took the paper out of which it was
cut, and has published more ot' the article than
I read.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senators on both
sides of me, the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
DoOlittle] and the Senator from Nebraska,
[Mr. Thayer,] concur wish me in saying that
they not only heard but remarked the portion
which I now read. It is not very important,
however.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish not to be mis-
understood about it. Of course I do not
remember precisely how much of the article
I read, but I read it for the purpose of com-
menting upon the part that related to myself.
I made no remark in reference to that part of it
which referred to the action of the Judiciary
Committee, and I think the Globe will show
that. If you look at it you will see that I
made no allusion whatever to any portion of
the article except that which related to myself.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 understand the Sena-
tor, then, to have read it in reference to this
statement:
"Mr. Tkdmbbll's course.is accounted for by his
known opposition to the bill, and his action may
result in an open outbreak.''
That is an allegation that the Senator is now
opposed to this bill, opposed to the bill before
us upon the present state of facts ; and I must
still confess my inability to see how even the
Senator's own record made upon the act ot
March 23, and much less the record made by
his associates on that occasion, bears upon the
point. However, sir, I make no point upon
the recitation of these records, but I think it
is fair to complete the history of this matter, to
the end that justice inay be done to all alike.
The bill which became a law on the 23d of
March was a House bill. It was referred 011 the
12th of March to the Judiciary Committee of this
body, and by that committee i t was reported back
with a provision that a majority of all the regis-
tered votes should be necessary to ratify a con-
stitution. It was reported back by a committee
which deemed that a proper and expedient
provision, and the Senator from Illinois, as a
member of that committee, reportedr-and agr.eed
to that provision. I will state the authority on
which 1 make this statement, lest I may be sus-
pected of indulging in a practice which I have
learned with some surprise is not a stranger
here. L heard, a day or two ago, a statement
made on the floor as to my vote and my action
in the Judiciary Committee touching the case
of Mr. Thomas. I had not understood that
it was the privilege of any member of a com-
mittee to state in the Senate the position taken
or the arguments adduced by others in com-
mittee. However that may be, 1 do not ven-
ture upon it; but I call attention to the .Globe,
where the record of this matter appears. When
the bill of March 23 was under consideration
the Senator from Maine asked the Senator from
Illinois this question:
"Mr. Fessexdex. I ask him whether, when he
reported this bill, lie did not understand himsefl as
reporting that oil the adoption of the constitution a
majority of the legisteied votes should be reunited?
"Mr. Tedmrull. X did.
" Mr. Fesskndex. I should like to ask the further
question: did he understand himself, when he was
doing that and supporting that idea, that he was
obstructing reconstruction, which he now accuses
everybody else ot?
"Mr. Tbcmboll. I understood the hill to require
a majority of all those registeied to vote in favor of
the ratification. Xhat was the House bill."
So it was, Mr. President, the House bill,
and the Senator and the other members of the
committee might have felt constrained to agree
to it in all its parts in order to prevent the
necessity of sending the bill back to the House
of Representatives. I say they might have
done so, but in this case 110 such thing is true.
I have heie tiie original bill as it came from
the House and the bill as it was repotted back
by the Judiciary Committee. The committee,
so far from agreeing to this or any other prop-
osition, in order to hasten the final passage of
the bill and prevent the necessity of sending it
back to the House of Representatives, made
virtually a new bill throughout, reported it
back with a recommendation that the whole
bill of the Iloiisfi should be stricken out and a
new bill, which appears in italics in the print
before me, be submitted. Section four of the
amendment proposed by the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the Senate was in these words :
" That if, according to said returns, the constitution
shall bo ratified by a majority of tho votes of the
electors qualified as herein specified, the president
of the convention shall transmit a copy of the bame
duly certified,'' A:e.
So that the Senate will see that it was the
judgment of the committee, as an independent
and original proposition, unconstrained by the
fact (hat the House had taken ground one way
or the other, that we should require in the estab-
lishment of governments in the rebel States
the affirmative concurrence of a majority of
the ascertained elective body. That was the
proposition. It was supported, as I have a
right to say, without appealing to the undis-
closed proceedings of the committee, by every
member of the committee who supported the
bill. We came into the Senate, and the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Summer] moved,
in order to make the requirement more cer-
tain", to introduce the words "and registered,"
to the end that there might be no doubt that a
majority of those actually registered were re-
quired. I beg to turn to that amendment and
tho vote upon it:
"Mr. Sumxf.e." * * " ' "I move in sec-
tion four of the committee's substitute to insert the
words 'nilii rcg^tered'after the word 'qualified' ill
liuoiaree; so that the section shall read: 'that if,
according to said returns, the constitution shall bo
ratified by a majority ot the votes of tho electors
qualified and registered as herein specified.'''
Thus he proposed to require a majority of
the qualified voters, and also a majority of the
registered voters if there could be any distinc-
tion in point of fact between the two. Upon
that amendment a vote was taken, and I find
that up to that time no division of the commit-
tee had occurred such as afterward was re-
vealed, for among the yeas in favor of this
amendment, to make it more certain, I find the
name of the Senator from Illinois, as well as
my own, and those of others who were acting
togelher.
When the amendment spoken of yesterday
was offered by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Mokton,] quite lata in the progress of the bill,
nearly a majority of the Senate voted in the
affirmative, and the Senator from Illinois was
one of those voting in the affirmative, and other
members of the committee voted in the nega-
tive. The case, then, is this: a majority of
the Judiciary Committee having perfected a bill
and agreed to it, some of them felt bound to
stand by it. Those who felt bound to stand
by their action in the committee did stand by it,
and those who felt otherwise did otherwise.
Being one of those who voted for the proposi-
tion in committee, being one of those wbose
names have been" read here as having voted for
it in the Senate, I am one of those who believe
now that the action of the committee was right
and that my vote in the Senate was right; and
in a very few words I will assign my reasons
in part.
It has been said—and the remarks of the
Senator from Illinois, although without _ any
such intention on his part, take the same direc-
tion—that Congress committed a great blunder
011 this subject; a stupid blunder is the intima-
tion in the newspapers—a blunder which, upon
the facts asfheythen stood, it is extraordinary
that any intelligent body of men should have
fallen into. Let us see, Mr. President, how
that is.
On the 2d of March last an act had become
a law which divided the territory of the South
into five districts, military districts, as they have
been called, and a military police was pro-
vided, the object of which was to keep men
from cutting each other's throats and burning
each other's houses while they were engaged
in constructing governments. It was a bill, as
those who voted for it believed, demanded by
considerations of humanity, and warranted by
considerations inside and not outside of the
Constitution. But a clamor went out against
it. Why? Because, first, it was "unconstitu-
tional." Of course! That was the be-all and
end-all of the arguments which had for years
been encountered by every measure asserting
the national power.
But, more than that. It was said to be anti-
republican, an ab-olutism. An honorable
member of this body indulged himself in the
remark that it was the government of the bay-
onet ; the accusation was that we were erecting
a despotism too manifest to be justified, too
oppressive to be endured. The allegation was
that the people of the South, groaning under
the weight of the yoke to be imposed upon
them, would ''pant, as the hart pants for the
water brooks." for civil government, for the
rights of American citizens, the right not only
to govern themselves, but to come here by rep-
resentatives and be heard in the central Gov-
ernment and take part in the administration of
the nation's affairs. It was said that they would
leap at the opportunity of exchanging this
hateful iron-heeled despotism for the constitu-
tional rights of American citizens. Everybody
did not believe that; but I warn, if I can. to
vindicate the act of the 23d of March, by show-
ing that it was right when squared by both
classes of public opinion on the subject of re-
con>truciion.
if it were true, as was alleged on the one hand,
that the whole southern community would rise
up in aversion, in restive intolerance of mili-
tary government, so called, and in love with
