1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8361
the reason of his silence on this matter. He
may be waiting for the time when he shall be
chairman of a committee. I cannot suppose
that he has overlooked this matter.
I confess, Mr. President, that I think the
attack upon the clerical force at the Executive
Mansion is very small business; and I wonder
at it in view of the fact that the Senate thinks
it proper to give to nearly every Senator who
has been here two or three years a private sec-
retary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We give one to the Pres-
ident.
Mr. DIXON. But here are twenty-four pri-
vate secretaries to do the legislative business of
twenty-four Senators; and does the Senator
suppose that the whole executive business of
this Government is to be performed by the
President of the United States with four secre-
taries? He has no more secretaries than he
sieeds. I care nothing about the question
whether he shall be deprived of one or more
secretaries. I cannot positively say that he
needs all that assistance. If the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
will say that there are too many, more than
are needed, I shall defer to this opinion; but
I -ventured to say to him that I thought we
might begin nearer home, and I repeat the say-
ing, notwithstanding the speech of my friend
from New York.
I think that if my friend from New York is
really sincere in his desire to make himself
the champion of economy, as it is evident he
intends to do, if he wishes to present himself
to the country as the man who on all occa-
sions, no matter what they may be, in season
or out of season, shall stand up here and
oppose every appropriation which shall be
extravagant, there is the place for him to
begin. In my judgment he will then have the
credit of attacking an abuse here in this very
body. But no, silent as the grave, that silver
tonged eloquence of his is never heard upon
anything here. Not a word has he to say as
to the question whether private secretaries
shall be furnished to Senators; but when Mr.
Peshine Smith, a very respectable gentleman I
have no doubt, or when some one that nobody
ever heard of, is in question, then we hear the
voice of my friend from New York.
He ventures to attack me and the party to
which I belong, of which he says I am a leader.
That party is a unit almost in this body, very
small. He can attack me, and he can attack
the President, who seems to have very few
friends at this time here in this body. Would
it not have been better, I ask my friend in
good faith, for him to attack a real grievance
and then to acquire the credit and honor he
desires. Coming from the great State of New
York, he might lead in this great foray on the
expenses of the Government. Nobody is better
•qualified. I will not dwell upon his capacity;
we have had examples enough to know all
about it; but if the Senator would follow my
advice on that subject, although of course I
cannot be considered capable of advising him,
and attack a real abuse, I think he would
acquire more credit than he otherwise will do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, we have
just listened to two very interesting speeches,
which will undoubtedly lead to many more
upon the same subject; and as there is no
probability of getting through this bill to-night,
and there is an important measure which ought
to be acted upon, I hope the Senator from
Maine will not object to my moving to post-
pone the further consideration of this bill until
one o'clock to-morrow, with a view to proceed-
ing to the consideration of the veto message.
Let us dispose of the Arkansas question.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that we get a
vote on this proposition.
Mr. THUMBULL. That is the very thing
you cannot do.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is plain
enough that if I yield to all propositions for
delay I shall never be able to pass au appro-
priation bill. At the same time, if it be the
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 211.
pleasure of the Senate to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill which the Senator from
Illinois has in charge, the importance of which
I acknowledge, and there is a probability of
finishing it to-day, so that I shall not have the
interruption to-morrow, I shall not object. Is
it the purpose of the Senator to finish that bill
to-night?*
Mr. TRUMBULL. i hope we can do so.
Several Senators. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask my friend, the
Senator from Maine, if we cannot have a vote
on this pending proposition?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. i will allow this
bill to go over informally for the purpose of
taking up the bill referred to by the Senator
from Illinois.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be passed by informally if there be no
objection. No objection being made thebillis
passed by.
representation of arkansas veto.
The Senate proceeded to reconsider the bill
(H. It. No. 1039) entitled "An act to admit the
State of Arkansas to representation in Con-
gress," with thePresident'sobjections thereto.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill, the objections
of the President of the United States to the
contrary notwithstanding, on which the ques-
tion must be taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to enter into a lengthy discussion of
the bill and veto message which are now under
consideration. It is a short bill, but I think
there was never so much iniquity concentrated
in a bill of this extent.
The bill does not purport to be a bill to admit
Arkansas as a State info the Union, but it pro-
vides that the State of Arkansas shall be enti-
tled and admitted to representation in Congress
" as one of the States of the Union upon the
following fundamental condition: that the
constitution of Arkansas shall never be so
amended or changed as to deprive any citizen
or class of citizens of the United States of the
right to vote who are entitled to vote by the
constitution herein recognized, except as a
punishment for such crimes as are now felonies
at common law, whereof they shall have been
duly convicted." That is the whole of the bill.
The proposition is that the State of Arkansas
shall by this bill be admitted to representation
in the Senate and in the House of Representa-
tives. Where does Congress derive any power
to pass such an act? What provision of the
Constitution authorizes this legislation? Ark-
ansas is either a State in the Union or she is
not a State in the Union, but a Territory. If
she be a State in the Union she is entitled to
representation in both Houses of Congress by
the express provisions of the Constitution, and
neither Congress nor any other power has the
authority to deprive her of that right. If Ark-
ansas is not a State in the Union I suppose
the theory of the gentlemen who deny that
proposition must be that she is a Territory of
the United States. If she be a Territory, then
an enabling act ought to be passed to authorize
her people to form a State constitution with a
view to her admission into the Union as a
State.
Now, sir, if there be any other theory which
covers the case of Arkansas, my mind has not
yet comprehended it, nor have I heard it sug-
gested by any one. Upon either of these
hypotheses, I ask the question, Has Congress
any power whatever to legislate upon the sub-
ject in the form of this bill? If you resort to
constitutional power, there is as much power in
Congress to abolish the government of the State
of Maine which my honorable friend before me
[Mr. Morrill] represents with so much ability
in part in the Senate, and then to pass a law
to admit the State of Maine to representation
in the two Houses of Congress after having
excluded that representation from other States.
Is Congress omnipotent? Has Congress powers
outside of the Constitution and that are not
delegated by the people of the States in that
instrument? I suppose not. If that be true,
then where is the power of Congress first to
abrogate and destroy the State government of
Arkansas, and then to pass laws for her recon-
struction, prescribing who of her people shall
vote and who shall not vote, and who shall be
elected to office and who shall not be?
It I understand the facts aright, Arkansas
some thirty years ago was admitted as a State
into the Union. According to my recollection,
she never changed her constitution from the
one under which she originally became a State ;
but of that fact I do not speak with confidence.
If she changed it, it was but once, and sbme
years before the rebellion broke out, and she
never made any amendment of her constitution
when she went into secession or during the war.
That State called a convention, and that con-
vention passed au ordinance of secession, and
the State became a quasi member of the south-
ern confederacy; and, if I am correctly in-
formed, the constitution identical in all its
provisions with that which existed in Arkansas
before the rebellion continued to be her consti-
tution throughout the whole of the trouble.
What, then, is the condition of Arkansas.
She went into the rebellion with a constitution
approved of either tacitly or expressly by Con-
gress, and under which she had continued to
be a member of the Union for a great number
of years. She made no change in that consti-
tution. In the course of time the rebellion was
put down by force of arms, and it found Ark-
ansas in possession of the same constitution
under which she had lived as a member of the
United States for many years. But by a con-
vention of her people called after the suppres-
sion of the rebellion, rescinded her ordinance
of secession, passed a resolution in which she
renounced the right of secession, and the Legis-
lature ratified the thirteenth amendment of the
constitution abolishing slavery throughout the
United States. More than this, she repudiated
her public debt contracted during the war, and
her convention abolished slavery within her
borders. She has been by various acts passed
by Congress recognized as a State of the Union.
The Supreme Court has heard cases coming
up from Arkansas, asoneof the United States,
before and since the rebellion. The President
by many, acts, in the appointment ol' marshals,
collectors, and other United States officers iu
Arkansas, has recognized that State as one of
the States of the Union.
Here, then, is a State that never changed its
constitution and form of government, but did
attempt to secede from the Union and to
attach itself as a member of the southern
confederacy adhering to precisely the same
constitution and government which it had pre-
viously possessed, and when the rebellion was
suppressed rehabilitating itself under the same
constitution as a member of the United States
and accepting the conditions that were sug-
gested by the executive department of the Gov-
ernment of the United States; and then being
recognized by the official acts of Congress, of
the Supreme Court, and of the President of the
United States as a member of the Union, and
electing Senators and Representatives to Con-
gress, and sending them up with their creden-
tials of election, and asking that they be admit-
ted to represent her as one of the United States.
Sir, I have now in my desk the Governor's
commission of three Senators in Congress from
that State, who were elected by her Legislature
after she had thus been recognized by the Gov-
ernment of the United States in all its depart-
ments as a member of the Union. Two of these
commissions have not yet expired. These men
presented themselves at the bar of the Senate
some two or three years ago, aud exhibited offi-
cial evidence of their having been chosen as
Senators from that State, and demanded, as
their right and the right of the State, that they
should be admitted to.their seats. Now, to my
mind the simple act of duty and of the soundest
policy was then for tEe Senate and House of
Representatives to have permitted the members
