THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
terial whether the proviso applies to him or
not. If the proviso does not apply to the Sec-
retary for the Department of War, then he
holds his office, as in the body of the section
expressed, until removed therefrom by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate. If
he is covered by the language of the proviso,
then a limitation is fixed to his office, to wit:
that it is to expire one month after the close
of the term of the President by whom he has
been appointed, subject, however, to previous
removal by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate.
I have already considered the question of
intent on the part of the President, and main-
tained that in the willful violation of the law he
discloses a criminal intent which cannot be
controlled or qualified by any testimony on the
part of the respondent.
The counsel for the respondent, however,
has dwelt so much at length on the question of
intent, and such efforts have been made during
the trial to introduce testimony upon this point,
that I am justified in recurring to it for a brief
consideration of the arguments and views bear-
ing upon and relating to that question. If a
law passed by Congress be equivocal or am-
biguous in its terms, the Executive, being called
upon to administer it, may apply his own best
judgment to the difficulties before him, or he
may seek counsel from his official advisers or
other proper persons; and acting thereupon,
without evil intent or purpose, he would be
fully justified, and upon no principle of right
could he be held to answer as for a misde-
meanor in office. But that is not this case.
The question considered by Mr. Johnson did
not relate to the meaning of the tenure-of-
office act. He understood perfectly well the
intention of Congress, and he admitted in his
veto message that that intention was expressed
with sufficient clearness to enable him to com-
prehend and state it. In his veto message of
the 2d of March, 1867, after quoting the first
section of the bill to regulate the tenure of cer-
tain civil offices, he says :
"In effect the bill provides that the President shall
not remove from their places any cimi oflicei evihose
terms of service are not limited by law without the
advice andconsentof the Senate of the United States.
The bill, in this respect, conflicts, in my judgment,
with the Constitution of the United States."
His statement of the meaning of the bill
relates to all civil officers, to the members of
his Cabinet as well as to others, and is a declara-
tion that, under that bill, if it became a law,
none of those officers could be removed without
the advice and consent of the Senate. He
was. therefore, in no doubt as to the intention
of Congress as expressed in the bill submitted
to him for his consideration, and which after-
ward became the law of the land. He said to
the Senate, "If you pass this bill, I cannot
remove the members of my Cabinet." The
Senate and the House in effect said, " We so
intend," and passed the bill by a two-thirds
majority. There was then no misunderstand-
ing as to the meaning or intention of the act.
His offense, then, is not, that upon an examina-
tion of the statute he misunderstood its mean-
ing and acted upon a misinterpretation of its
true import, but that understanding its mean-
ing precisely as it was understood by the Con-
gress that passed the law, precisely as it is
understood by the House of Representatives to-
day, precisely as it is presented in the articles of
impeachment, and by the Managers before this
Senate, he, upon his own opinion that the same
was unconstitutional, deliberately,willfully, and
intentionally disregarded it. The learned coun-
sel say that he had a right to violate this law for
the purpose of obtaining a judicial determina-
tion. This we deny. The constitutional duty
of the President is to obey and execute the
laws. He has no authority under the Constitu-
tion, or by any law, to enter into any schemes
or plans for the purpose of testing the validity
Df the laws of the country, either judicially or
otherwise. Every law of Congress may be
tested in the courts, but it is not made the duty
of any person to so test the laws. It is not
specially the right of any person to so test the
laws, and the effort is particularly offensive ia
the Chief Magistrate of the country to attempt
by any process to annul, set aside, or defeat the
laws which by his oath he is bound to execute.
Nor is it any answer to say, as is suggested by
the counsel for the respondent, that "there
never could be a judicial decision that a law is
unconstitutional, inasmuch as it is only by dis-
regarding a law that any question can be raised
judicially under it." If this be true, it is no
misfortune. But the opposite theory, that it is
the duty or the right of the President to disre-
gard a law for the purpose of ascertaining judi-
cially whether he has a right to violate a law,
is abhorrent to every just principle of govern-
ment, and dangerous in the highest degree to
the existence of free institutions.
But his alleged purpose to test the law in
the courts is shown to be a pretext merely.
Upon his own theory of his rights he could
have instituted proceedings by information in
the nature of a quo warranto against Mr. Stan-
ton on the 13tli of January, 1808. More than
three months have passed, and he has done
nothing whatever. When by Mr. Stanton's
action Lorenzo Thomas was under arrest, and
proceedings were instituted which might have
tested the legality of the tenure-of-office act,
Mr. Cox, the President's special counsel,
moved to have the proceedings dismissed, al-
though Thomas was at large upon his own re-
cognizance. Can anybody believe that it was
Mr. Johnson's purpose to test the act in the
courts? But the respondent's insincerity, his
duplicity, is shown by the statement which he
made to General Sherman in January last.
Sherman says, "I asked him why lawyers
could not make a case, and not bring me, or
an officer, into the controversy? His answer
was, ' that it was found impossible, or a case
could not be made up ' but,' said he, ' if we
can bring the case to the courts it would not
stand half an hour.' " He now says his object
was to test the case in the courts. To Sher-
man he declares that a case could not be made
up, but if one could be made up the law would
not stand half an hour. When a case was
made up which might have tested the law he
makes haste to get it dismissed. Did ever
audacity and duplicity more clearly appear in
the excuses of a criminal?
This brief argument upon the question of
intent, seems to me conclusive, but I shall
incidentally refer to this point in the further
progress of my remarks.
The House of Representatives does not de-
mand the conviction of Andrew Johnson un-
less he is guilty in the manner charged in the
articles of impeachment; nor does the House
expect the Managers to seek a conviction ex-
cept upon the law and the facts considered with
judicial impartiality. But I am obliged to
declare that I have no capacity to understand
those processes of the human mind by which
this tribunal, or any member of this tribunal,
can doubt, can entertain a reasonable doubt,
that Andrew Johnson is guilty of high misde-
meanors in office, as charged in each of the
first three articles exhibited against him by the
House of Representatives.
We have charged and proved that Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, issued
an order in writing for the removal of Edwin
M. Stanton from the office of Secretary for the
Department of War while the Senate of the
United States was in session, and without the
adviee and consent of the Senate, in violation
of the Constitution of the United States and
of his oath of office, and of the provisions of
an act passed March 2, 1867, entitled " An act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
and that he did this with intent so to do ; and
thereupon we demand his conviction under
the first of the articles of impeachment exhib-
ited against him by the House of Represent-
atives.
We have charged and proved that Andrew ]
Johnson, President of the United States, vio-
lated the Constitution and his oath of office
in issuing an order for the removal of Edwin
M. Stanton from the office of Secretary for the
Department of _ War during the session of. the
Senate, and without the advice and consent
of the Senate, and this without reference to
the tenure-of-office act; and thereupon we de-
mand his -conviction under the first of the
articles of impeachment exhibited agaiu'st him
by the House of Representatives.
We have charged and proved that Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, did
issue and deliver to one Lorenzo Thomas a
letter of authority in writing authorizing iand
empowering said Thomas to act as Secretary
of War ad interim, there being no vacancy in
said office, and this while the Senate of the
United States was in session, and wiyiout the
advice and consent of the Senate, in violation
of the Constitution of the United States, of his
oath of office, and of the provisions of an act
entitled '"An act regulating the tenure of cer-
tain civil offices," and all this with the intent
so to do; and thereupon we demand his con-
viction under the second of the articles of im-
peachment exhibited against him by the House
of Representatives.
We have charged and proved that Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, in
the appointment of Lorenzo Thomas to the
office of Secretary of War ad interim, acted
without authority of law and in violation of the
Constitution and of his oath of office; and this
without reference to the tenure-of-office act;
and thereupon we demand his conviction un-
der the third of the articles of impeachment
exhibited against him by the House of Repre-
sentatives.
At this point the honorable Manager yielded
for an adjournment.
_ Mr. CONKL1NG. I move that the Senate
sitting for this trial adjourn.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
New York moves that the Senate sitting as a
court of impeachment adjourn until to-morrow
at eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate sitting for the trial of the impeachment
adjourned.
Thursday, April 23, 1868.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives and the
counsel for the respondent, except Mr. Stan-
bery, appeared and took the seats assigned
to them respectively.
The members of the House of Representa-
tives, as in Committee of the Whole, preceded
by Mr. E. B. Washburne, chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
and Clerk, appeared and were conducted to the
seats provided for them.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the minutes of yesterday's proceedings.
The Journal of the Senate sitting yesterday
for the trial of the impeachment was read.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. Chief Justice, I ask leave
to offer an order which will lie over if there be
any objection made to it.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
read the order proposed by the Senator from
Iowa.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That hereafter the hour for the_ meeting
of the Senate, sitting for the trial of the impeach-
ment, of Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, shall be twelve o'clock meridian of each day
except Sunday.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Is there any ob-
jection to the present consideration of the
proposed order?
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Objection is made,
and it will lie over. Mr. Manager Boutwell
will please proceed with his argument.
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. Mr. President,
Senators, the learned counsel for the respond-
ent seems to have involved himself in some
difficulty conccrning the articles which he
