1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
musicians, privates, clerks, messengers, steward,
nurse, and servants, for rations and clothing for offi-
cers' servants, additional rations to officers for five
years service, for undrawn clothing, $170,000.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
In line twenty-five, strike out " $127,000 " and in-
sert "$100,000; " so that it will read:
For provisions, $100,000.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
Line twenty-seven, strikeout "$102,000" andinsert
" #100,000;'' so that it will read:
For clothing, $100,000.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
On pnselO, in line six, strike out "£20,000" and in-
sert '* S12.000;" so that it will read:
For transportation ofofficers, their servants, troops,
and for expenses of recruiting, $12,000.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment:
In line seven, after the word " and " insert" for."
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-first amendment:
In line twenty strike out " ctc."
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-second amendment:
In line twenty-three, strike out " etc."
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-third amendment:
In same line, strike out "ctc."
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
On page 11, strike out lines one and two, as fol-
lows: . .
For necessary repairs of marine barracks, head-
quarters, "Washington, District of Columbia, $5,000.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
In line five, strike out the word " including " and
insert " excluding;" so that it will read;
That the number of persons authorized to be en-
listed into the Navy of the United States, excluding
seamen, ordinary seamen, landsmen, and mechanics,
and including apprentices and boys, is hereby fixed
and established at eighty-five hundred, and no
more.
Thecommittee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
Add to section two the following:
Provided, That the number of apprentices and
feoys shall not exceed twelve hundred and fifty.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
Add to the bill the following:
Sko. 3. And be it further enacted, That all unex-
pended appropriations existing on the 1st day of
July next for any of the several heads of appropria-
tion piovidcd ior in this act, shall be carried to the
surplus fund, unless the same is necessary to pay
expenditures made during the current fiscal year;
and unies3 the same is necessary to execute contracts
made belorc said date.
The com mittee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-eighth and last amendment:
SEC. 4. Andbe it farther enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury is herebydirected in hisnextannuai
estimates of appiopriations to state all the balances
of appropriation made pnor to the present session
of Congress for each branch of the public service,
and remaining unexpended on the 1st day of July
next, and designato the amounts necessary to execute
contacts or pay expenditures properly chargeable
to each of said balances.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sir. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
desire the House to consider the amendment
in regard to the Naval Laboratory and allow it
to stand as recommended by the Committee on
Appropriations.
4-0wr Oono. 2d Bess.—No. 147.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out all of line fifteen, as follows :
I?or Naval Laboratory $20,000.
The SPEAKER. The Senate proposes to
strike this out. The Committee on Appropri-
ations recommend non-concurrence. If there
be no objection, the vote will be again taken
on concurring.
Mr. WARD and Mr. ROSS objected.
The SPEAKER. Then the question will be
on the motion to reconsider. The Chair, to
save one vote, suggested that the question
should be taken directly on concurring in the
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. lean ex-
plain this matter in one moment. The Senate
proposes to strike out this item, but at the
same time, in the next amendment, proposes
an increase of the appropriation from $32,000
to $60,000. The Committee on Appropriations
recommend non-concurrence in both these
amendments, thereby reducing the amount
appropriated about thirty thousand dollars. I
ask the Clerk to read the twenty-fourth and
twenty-fifth amendments.
The Clerk read as follows:
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Strike out line fifteen, as follows:
For Naval Laboratory, $20,000.
'Iwenty-fiftli amendment:
In line seventeen strike out "thirty-two" and
fnsert " sixty so that the clause will road:
For pay of the civil establishment under this bu-
reau at the several naval hospitals and navy-yards,
$60,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thecom-
mittee propose that the House shall non-con-
cur in both these amendments, that we may
have some explanation from the Senate.
Mr. CHANLER. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. This laboratory is, as
I understand, a scientific department, abso-
lutely necessary to the conduct of naval mat-
ters. Do I understand the gentleman to state
that the Committee on Appropriations are
without any information in regard to the im-
portance of this laboratory?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations had such informa-
tion in regard to it that they inserted in the
bill an appropriation of $20,000 for the lab-
oratory. The Senate has stricken that out,
but has added in the next appropriation an
amendment changing the amount from $32,000
to $60,000. We propose that the House non-
concur in both these amendments, and let them
go to a committee of conference.
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman ex-
plain why he connects the laboratory, a scien-
tific department of our naval establishment,
with these hospitals? What object has he in
making that connection, which appears not to
be reasonable or logical. Why should a lab-
oratory go under because too much money has
been appropriated to a hospital?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
say there was any necessary connection between
them. .The reason the Committee on Appro-
priations recommend non-concurrence in the
amendment striking out the item of $20,000
for a Naval Laboratory was that they believed
the appropriation necessary to support that
laboratory. The Senate has stricken out that
appropriation, and hence we recommend non-
concurrence. In the other amendment the
Senator has added some thirty thousand dollars
to what the House proposed to appropriate.
We recommend non-concurrence in that also.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on concurring in
the twenty-fourth amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the votes on these various amend-
ments; and that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
the appointment of a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
CONDUCT OF impeachment managers.-
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, from the vote
taken in the House, yesterday, which I regret
to say was altogether a party'vote, I have
drawn the inference that on the other side oft
the House there wag objection to my resolu-
tion. In resubmitting the proposition, there-
fore, I have varied the form of the resolution
while retaining the preamble as originally
offered. I submit the following preamble and
resolution:
;e
3t /
'O /
V
Whereasitappearsby theofficialreportsofthehigh
court of impeachment that after the House of Kep-
rcsentatives, on the 24th of February, voted the im-
peachment of the President of the United States for
high crimes and misdemeanors, and after the articles
of impeachment were laid before the Senate, March
2, and after the summons served upon the President,
March 7, some of the managers selected by the House
to demand the conviction and eviction of that Presi-
dent for those high crimes and misdemeanors signed
a letter laid before the accused counseling or in-
fluencing him, while thus accused, to exert the war
powers given him under the act of August, 1856,
through the Navy, to seize the guano island, Alta
"Vela, off the coast of St. Domingo, valued at over a
million dollars: and whereas such action upon the
part of our managers is, to say the least, extraordi-
nary and of a character to involve them in contro-
versy, if not in suspicion; and whereas it is of high
importance that the dignity and purity of this House
be maintained through the managers chosen from
among us, especially to represent us before the high
court, and there to accuse the President of these
high crimes and misdemeanors: Therefore,
llenolved, That a solect committee be appointed to
investigate all the facts of this case, and that said
committee be directed to make the earliest possible
report to this House, with such recommendations as
the facts warrant.
The SPEAKER. _ The Chair thinks this is
a question of privilege, as the rulings have
been uniform that questions touching the offi-
cial conduct of officers of the House are ques-
tions of privilege. The managers representing
the House, of course, are subject to the orders
of the House. It is, however, under the rules
of the House, subject to the rule which is well
known to members on both sides of the House
as to whether the House will consider it. If
no objection is made to its consideration at the
present time it is before the House. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
move to amend the resolution by striking out
all after the word "Resolved" and inserting
the following:
That consent is given to the managers and any other
members of tho House to be heard on any question
of personal explanation connected with the trial of
the impeachment of Andrew Johnson.
1 submit to the gentleman from New York
that before he introduces a resolution of the
character which he has indicated this resolu-
tion should be passed. It is substantially what
he offered himself yesterday.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Oh, no; it is not.
Mr. BROOKS. The majority on the other
side voted down that resolution by a party vote,
and I therefore prefer to offer this resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was not
voted down, nor did we refuse to consider it
from any hostility to the consideration of the
subject. We did not receive it for the reason
that none of tho managers were present.
Mr. BROOKS. There was one manager
present Yesterday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. But one
or two.
A Member. There were three here.
Mr. BROOKS. There were three of them.
| I am told, present yesterday, but the House
' refused to entertain the resolution, and, under
j the circumstances, I thought it better to move
for a select committee. This resolution does
! not exclude the managers from making any
j personal explanation. When they desire it
I they will have the floor and may enter into
! the debate, and we shall hear all they have to
say upon the subject.
Mr. Speaker, the reasons which have induced
me to offer the resolution are set forth in part
in the preamble, but the letter of March 9
referred to in that preamble is not set forth or
yet entered on the Journal of the House, and,
therefore, I propose to read that letter.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand the gentleman from New York to intro-
