1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4385
2&, denies that the act of Congress of Febru-
ary 19, 1851, concerning contested-election
cases, applies to the Territories or to this case.
To the cases cited in that argument the con-
testant begs leave to add the case of Hunt vs.
Palao, 4 Howard, 589, and Benner vs. Porter,
9 Howard, 235. Whether that act applies,
or whether some other pleadings framed or
adopted for the conduct of the case is to be
the rule of procedure, the contestant submits
that he is fairly entitled to the benefit of the
conclusion before announced.
How stands the case as presented, then, by
the contestant on the pleadings and the evi-
dence ? A similar effect, it is submitted, is to
be ascribed by this House to the pleadings in
the case aa by a court of law to the pleadings
in eases before it. There the pleadings on one
side, when sufficient, are t<j be taken as ad-
mitted when not denied or avoided with equal
certainty on the other. The sitting Delegate
attempts to meet the pleadings, affidavits, and
depositions of the contestant by a "statement"
tautological, rambling, elaborate, argumenta-
tive, and confessedly to the merits, without,
however, the oath or even the signature of the
party producing it or any one for him. In-
formal, however, and wanting in sanction as
is the sitting Delegate's statement or answer,
as it purports to be, it is by no means respons-
ive, fully responsive, to several material alle-
gations in the contestant's exceptions. By the
rule above announced all such material allega-
tions as are left unanswered are to be taken as
proved, or with the same effect, it is submitted,
as if proved.
Such, it is submitted, are the one, two, three,
four, ten, eleven, and twelve of the contestant's
specifications, under his sixth exception, pages
1 and 2 of Miscellaneous Document No. 35.
The House will perceive by inspection that
these allegations charge want of legal com-
petency in the voters; that the votes were cast
not by the voters themselves whose ballots
they purport to be, but by the judges of the
elections, being also elders and bishops, the
voters not knowing what was on the ballots
which were voted : that the said election of the
4th of February, 1867, was under the control
of men composing a secret religious and polit-
ical organization, sworn to secrecy and co-
operation and to eternal hostility to the people
and Government of the United States; that
those who voted for the contestant did so at
the peri! of their lives, and that many who
would have voted for the contestant were de-
terred from doing so by the fear of personal
violence; that votes were east at said election
by persons, by proxy, under twenty-one years
of age, indiscrimately, the judges of election
knowing them to be so, and that no objection
was made although large numbers of such votes
were cast, that aliens voted by proxy indis-
crimately; and that the great body of the
votes cast for him, the sitting Delegate, were
those of unnaturalized persons ; that votes were
cast in lavor of the sitting Delegate by the
judges of election in behalf of largo numbers
of jiersons who never appeared at the polls.
■Now, all the answer, or pretense of answer
to this, contained in the statement of the sit-
ting Delegate, is in his eighth objection, which
is as follows, page 3 :
The returns of the election, as shown by the
papers filed by the contestant, are made in strict
conformity to the laws of tile Territoij."
The House will perceive, however, and the
contestant begs it to note this well, that none
of these allegations refers to the returns at all,
not one ot them. They do refer, however, to
the absolute incompetency of the voters, the
disloyalty of both the voters and those who
conducted the election, and to the grossest dis-
regard of all law as well as decency in the
mode of conducting the election. This objec-
tion of the sitting Delegate may be true without
impairing, in the slightest degree, .the verity or
the force of these allegations of this contest-
ant, to which it is interposed.
By the rule before declared, which this con-
testant begs to submit with deference, but with
40'tii Co.\<i. 2i> Sess.—No. 275.
confidence this House will accept as law, ail
this overwhelming mass of fatal allegation
against the sitting Delegate which is thus left
uudenied and unavoided, is admitted to be
true, with just the same effect as if fully and
categorically proved. Taken as true it shows
the whole vote of 15,068 claimed by the sitting
delegate to be one mass of fetid illegality be-
yond the power of any known analysis to find
in or extract from it a particle of legal sound-
ness.
Votes may be illegal in any one or all of
three ways; first, where the voter is without
some necessary legal qualification; second,
where the person voted for is without some
necessary legal qualification ; or third, where
the votes are polled or returned without or
against law. These suppositions exhaust all
possible cases of illegality in voting. Examples
under the first case would be, where the voter
is a minor or infamous, or in some other way
disqualified ; under the second, where the can-
didate is an alien, a foreigner, or domestic
enemy of the Government to which the office
pertains, or otherwise disqualified to hold the
office; under the third, where voting is by
proxy, where the ballot is exposed, where the
personnel of the election are wholly incom-
petent to receive or return the votes.
Any man wholly incompetent for any cause
vitiates all votes cast for him. He himself
cannot hold the office, and these votes counted
cannot be eountcd for anyone else. They are
obviously, therefore, futile, null, and void. So
votes cast by a person wholly incompetent, as
by alienage, treason, or fanatical hostility to
the Government, are obviously null and void.
Votes are also null and void where the law is
violated or disregarded in polling or returning
them. The causes of nullity in the conduct i
of an election are of course numerous. The '
positive breach or the omission of any neces-
sary legal requisite in polling or returning
votes, renders them null and void.
The illegality of all such votes is as clearly
shown by this statement as by any reasoning
of which the case is susceptible. This House
has already determined that where the secrecy
of the ballot is violated it vitiates the vote and
renders it illegal. Easton vs. Scott, Delegate
of Missouri Territory, 1818. (Clarke and Hall,
Contested-Election Cases, p. 272.) Such, too,
was the determination of this House in the
case of Washburn vs. Ilipley, decided in 1830.
(Clarke and Hall, Contested-Election Cases, p.
679.) Such, too, was the determination of
this House in the case of Otero vs. Gallegos,
Delegate of New Mexico in 1830. (Bartlett,
Contested-Elcction Cases, p. 177.)
This House also decided in the case of Wash-
burn vs. Ripley that the intention of the voter
is to be ascertained from the box in which his
ticket is deposited. (Ibid.) The last decision
is of direct application to Utah. There the
voter provides bis own ticket, the judge must
number and put it, in the box. The clerk shall
then write the name of the elector and opposite
it the number of the vote. Thus it is shown
that even in Utah the intention of the voter can
only be ascertained from the box in which the
votes are deposited. Any attempt to scrutinize
the ticket before it is deposited in the box, ren-
ders the ticket futile and so far vitiates the
election. This was done in regard to Mormon
votes in Utah by the Mormon election officers
acting in the interests of the sitting Delegate.
And to that extent the election of the sitting
Delegate was vitiated.
The law of confusion, this contestant is in-
structed and submits, applies directly to voting
and to votes. That law obviously sustains
the following proposition : if spurious or ille-
gal votes are so mingled with legal votes as that
the number of either cannot be ascertained the
whole mass is rendered spurious and illegal,
and must be disregarded. More especially is
this true when the confusion results from the
act of the person claiming the benefit of the
mixed mass or those in his interest or favor.
This proposition the contestant submits to the
favorable consideration of this House. The
confusion is alleged uoder the sixth exception
of the contestant, and not denied by the sitting
Delegate. By the rale of pleading before stated
by the contestant it must, therefore, be takett
as admitted. And it shows the mass of the
votes for the sitting Delegate, both legal and
illegal, to be so combined that by no known
process cat} they be separated and the i.urafaec
of each ascertained.
The whole of the votes of the sitting Delegate
are thus, it is submitted, annulled, and ought
to be rejected. The contestant iit.his first three
exceptions alleges of the sitting Delegate that
he does not represent any constituent part ot
the community of the United States, but a sep-
arate and distinct community undera,different
government, not republican in form.; that he
does not represent a loyal or law-abiding peo-
ple, but one hostile to the American Govern-
ment, and seeking its overthrow 5 and that he
does represent a people hostile to and endeav-
oring to undermine and destroy the monogamie
family_system, which lies at the fouadatioa of
republican institutions.
All this, too, is left unanswered, and must,
therefore, be taken to be admitted by the sitting
Delegate. The contestant, therefore, submits
that he is entitled to the same judgment upoa
it as if it were fully and fairly proved.
Without discussing this portion of the sub-
ject at large the question may be asked, is
any community, or that portion of it which is
in the condition represented in the exceptions
last above cited, fitted or entitled to the choice
of Delegate? Is any Delegate chosen by such
a people entitled to hold his seat against one
chosen by the loyal portion of the same com-
munity? This contestant, submits that he is
entitled to the judgment of this House in the
negative upon these questions.
This contestant now comes to his fourth
exception, which reads as follows ;
"■!. Your oath, taken in passing through tile en-
dowment ceremony of the Mormon church, is incom-
patible with jour duties as a delegate ui thuCon-
giess ot the United States.'1
The sitting Delegate denies this exception in
his answer, informally, but still sufficiently to
constitute an issue. This, therefore, presents
a case for proof. The proofs are produced by
the contestant, and the judgment of this House
is respectfully asked on the issue and the
proofs thus presented. The evidence upon
this portion of the case consists of the deposi-
tions of George B. Smith and of Mi's. Sarah
B. Carmichael Williamson. Some other writ-
ten materials are also produced 011* the same
subject, which are commended to the careful
consideration of this House. This part of the
case the contestant, however, submits may be
safely rested on these depositions alone. They
were taken at Chicago, Illinois, and at Hamil-
ton, Ohio, on fourteen and fifteen days' notice.
Neither the sufficiency of the notice nor the
validity of the execution is questioned.
The sitting Delegate, however, in his fifth
objection, says of himself:
" Ke [the Delegate] did not appear to cross-exam-
inc, because an appearance would have been a recog-
nition ot the illegal proceeding, which would have
committed him to a defense before the committee."
The sitting Delegate, therefore, comes to the
complacent conclusion that the notice being
insufficient all proceedings under it fail, not-
withstanding his elaborate answer. This con-
clusion of the sitting Delegate is certainly quite
as remarkable as the reasons offered for it. The
Delegate, this contestant submits, might with
perfect safety have appeared and cross-exam-
ined Mr. Smith and Mrs. Williamson under
protest or with a reservation to himself uf all
rights of objection, not only to the depositions
themselves, but to the whole case. He might
thus have secured to himself all the benefits
of a cross-examination and impaired no de-
fensive right.
This testimony, therefore, the contestant
submits, is competent and fairly in the case,
and the judgment of this House will determine
the credit and legal effect to be ascribed to
it. Both the witnesses, George B. Smith and
Sarah E. Carmichael Williamson, are of full
