1314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
in all, as will appear from the table I now send
to the Secretary's table:
Table of the votes cast in the southern States at the
elections of 1800 and 1865, and the number of white
registered voters.
States.
Virginia 
North Carolina 
South Carolina 
Georgia 
Florida 
Alabama 
Mississippi  
Louisiana 
Texas 
Arkansas 
Total.
1860.
115,
06,
f45,
106,
14,
89,
69,
50,
*63,
*51,
,2-57
,230
,000
,365
,347
,572
,120
560
000
000
714,451
1865.
42,095
41,000
*19,000
37,200
*4,000
44,850
44.916
*28,000
*28,000
*34,000
White
registered.
116,980
103,060
45,751
95,214
11,100
74,450
48,926
44,732
*56,000
*33,000
323,061 638,173
* In round numbers, t Estimated.
It appears from this table that there are in
all these ten States only about seventy-live
thousand less white voters registered than cast
their votes in 1860; and it appears also that
much less than one half the number of votes
cast in 1860 were cast in 1865 at the elections
held under the President's policy. The par-
ticular point, however, which I wish to illus-
trate, is that the act of the 23d of March, 1807,
(lid its work well, performed effectually a whole-
some mission by removing impediments and
creating inducements in reference to registra-
tion. I wish to illustrate the point that if at
that time we had adopted the idea that a ma-
jority of votes cast should be final and conclu-
sive and that as the tree fell under that arrange-
ment so it should lie, we should have offered
bounty toevery disloyalists theSouth, whether
disfranchised himself or not, to conspire with
every other disloyalist to exclude all Union
men of both colors from registration. Why?
To the end that when they themselves came to
cast their votes there should be the smallest
element possible in opposition to them. Is
not that plain to the apprehension of every
Senator? And if il is, how have we blundered
upon this question when the leading purpose
was to place the men of the South, of both
colors, in condition and position to stand by
each other, and to take part from the first in
the erection of that government under the
shadow of which they were to stand? For
myself I have nothing to take back on that
subject. I voted in committee for the propo-
sition as it stands in the law; T voted for it at
all stages in the Senate ; and if I had had then
before me all the lights that are before me now
I should have voted as I did.
Now, Mr. President, we have come a new
stage in this history; a new phase is presented
to us. Registration in all these States is com-
pleted. It has been accomplished not in full,
not with the fullness which the Senator from
Pennsylvania attributes to it when he talks of
registration as showing the whole recognized
or enfranchised political population of the
South, because great numbers of disloyalists
have refused still to embrace the opportunity
to be registered; great numbers of (Jnioni&ts
have been unable to embrace that opportunity.
Still, registration has been accomplished with
some degree of fullness, and with some meas-
ure of fairness throughout all the insurgent
States, and we come now to the next proof
and trial of this system.
We find, as I said, in Alabama, as tar as
tidings have reached us, that, under the inspira-
tion of the Executive of the nation, united with
the hostile action of disloyalists on the spot,
by fiaud, by force, by terrorism, at the late
election great numbers, said not to fall short
of twenty-five thousand qualified electors, have
been hindered and prevented from the discharge
of their political duties, and the exercise of their
political rights. We find that m some counties
no election more than a mockery was held, and
the act of Congress and its guarantees openly
trampled under foot. We find that in other
plaees the election was little better than a cari-
cature, a burlesque, a fraud, I am told that in
one large county only one ballot-box was open
for one day to accommodate the whole body of
electors. And there were other acts of law-
lessness equally flagitious:
In order to meet such dangers as these, in
order to take from the men who stay at home
and prevent others from going to the polls,
and from those who destroy the form ana sub-
stance of the election itself, the power to do so,
it is proposed now to do—what? Having a
basis to act upon, having ascertained by means
of our registration the elective numbers of the
South as far as we have been able, it is pro-
posed to commit to that community on the
same terms on which organized and peace-
ful communities have acted, the business of
ratifying or rejecting their constitutions.
Is that the same question with the same
bearings, and depending upon the same ele-
ments, as the one presented a year ago? Not
at all, as 1 understand it; not at all, as the
House of Representatives regards it, because,
as we remember, and as we have heard from
the reading of the record on yesterday, the
House by majorities far more prevailing than
were found here, insisted originally that a ma-
jority of all the registered votes should not
only bo cast one way or the other, as now re-
quired, but should be cast affirmatively, and
now by a majority equally decisive, upon the
present facts and upon this measure as it is
presented, the House has pronounced in favor
of applying to the future a different rule.
I confess I have doubt of the utility, at
least of the ellicacy even now, of this measure.
I have doubt, looking at it as a mere practi-
cal question, whether we by any means close
the door against danger when we provide that
a majority of those who do dominate at the
polls, and who do cast their ballots there, shall
decide the elections, and the fate of constitu-
tions. It is an experiment. It is thought
by numbers of discerning persons, who have
studied the subject, that the experiment is at
least worth trying, that the probabilities are
that we shall advance the cause of order and
restoration by adopting this act. I am ready,
therefore, to accede to the proposition ; I am
ready to try it as an experiment; and I hope
earnestly that it will work out all the results
which are promised ; but I do so on consider-
ations which have arisen since the passage of
the act to which this is supplementary, and
upon considerations which, 1 repeat, did not,
in my judgment, at all enter into the prudent
disposition of the question when it arose upon
the original act. An experiment it is, but
whether it succeeds or fails there is to be no
failure in the cause which Congress has main-
tained since the military power of the rebel-
lion was broken.
The American people, and the American
people in Congress assembled are determined
that the men who drenched the land with
blood and covered it with mourning shall not
resume their old sway. They are determined
that the country, having been rescued from
traitors, shall not be delivered over to traitors,
but shall be preserved by friendly and faithful
hands. And while 1 vote for this measure as
an expedient which I hope will avail, I re-
serve to myself the right of doing hereafter,
whatever, be it different from this or be it in
addition to this, shall turn out to be necessary
to protect the Union people of the South, and
to preserve the Government and the country
from the domination of men who have forfeited
not only their right to dominate, buttheir right
to be.
Mr. President, the Senator from Penn-
sylvania has offered an amendment which, if
I understand it, provides that no vote shall be
cast except, by those who for ten days have re-
sided in the immediate precinct in which that
vote is to be cast. I ask the Senator if I am
right infny understanding of his amendment?
Mr. BUCKALliW. I use the term ''dis-
trict," which is a general one. I copied it from
the constitution of my own State.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senatormean
by "district" a voting district?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Election district.
Sir. CONKLING. That is, the district for
which a poll is held?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes. I presume the
orders of the different commanders have
something to do with the regulation of the
districts. Generally, I presume, they are those
that existed formerly in the States; but the
commanders have the power to modify them.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not understand, in
fact, that those controlling the matter have
adopted the old districts at all. On the con-
trary, I understand the districts have been
generally altered. The suggestion, however,
which 1 wish to make to the Senator and to
the Senate is this: we are told that by concert
of action freedmen have been moved in large
numbers upon the eve of the election in Ala-
bama from one district to another, in order to
displace them and deprive them of their right
to vote. Of course, in addition to this, from
ordinary motives men have moved, or removed
more properly, from one district to another.
But the speaking fact is, as we understand it,
that organized efforts have been made, and
made effectual by dismissing from employment
or by offering employment elsewhere, to trans-
fer men in considerable numbers from one dis-
trict to another suddenly on the eve of the elec-
tion, by which their voles have been lost. If
this be true, I can hardly see how a ten days'
provision is less likely to be abused than is the
act as it stands now. Ten days is just as
effectual for the transfer of any number of men
with a view to depriving them of the right to
vote as twenty days or thirty days would be.
The provision in itself, when intended, as it is
in the organized States, to operate against fraud,
against repeated voting, is, no doubt, a good
one. The constitutional provision in my own
State is that every elector shall be a resident
of the State for a year, of the county in which
he votes for four months, and of the election
district for ten days. The latter provision, I
understand, is also in the constitution of Penn-
sylvania. It is a good provision, no doubt, in
general. The question is, whether, if we apply
it here to prevent fraud of a different species,
we do not defeat the object in view. Some
such provision may be well; but when we are
legislating in view of the particular fact which
I state it seems to me that we may render
nugatory or may greatly impair the very provis-
ion that we adopt.
I did not intend, Mr. President, to extend
my remarks so far; it seemed tome right, how-
ever, to say a word at least in my own behalf,
in answer to suggestions so rife in regard to
the supposed blunder made in this legisla-
tion, and the inconsistency of those who pro-
pose now, in the face of present facts, to change
it. I do not think that inconsistency in politi-
cal action is a charge about which any man
need necessarily be nervous. Inconsistency is
often wisdom. It must always continue often
to be wisdom until man attains to infallibility
and perfection. Therefore, if there were no
changed state of facts, but only new light upon
old facts, indicating the wisdom of a change,
I should feel no nervousness or hesitation in
making the change. But it so happens that the
elements which enter into the question are
themselves so far changed, the question itself
is so different, as to render the legislation now
proposed harmonious with that which has
already received the sanction of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have only to express
my regret that the Senator from New York
should have construed any remarks which fell
from me as an attempt to show his inconsist-
ency or to accuse him or anybody else of hav-
ing made any blunder in the legislation which
occurred in March last. I certainly made no
such accusation. I charged nobody with incon-
sistency. I had two objects, which I stated, in
view: one was to correct what I thought w^8 a
misapprehension; and to thatl believe the Sen-
