280
SUPPLEMENT TO
terms the conspiracy articles, being articles
four, five, six, and seven. The allegations con-
tained in articles four and six are kid under
the act of July 81, 1801, known as the con-
spiracy act. The remarks of the learned coun-
sel seem to imply that articles five and seven
are not based upon any law whatever. In this
he greatly errs. An examination of articles
four and five shows that the substantive allega-
tion is the same in each, the differences being
that article four charges the conspiracy with
intent, by intimidation and threats, unlawfully
to hinder and prevent Edwin M. Stanton from
holding the office of Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War. The persons charged are the
respondent and Lorenzo Thomas. And it is
alleged that this conspiracy for the purpose
set forth was in violation of the Constitution
of the United States and of the provisions of
an act entitled •' An act to punish certain con-
spiracies," approved July 81, 1801. The fifth
article charges that the respondent did unlaw-
fully conspire with one Lorenzo Thomas, and
with other persons, to prevent the execution of
the act entitled "An act regulating the ten-
ure of certain civil offices," and that in pur-
suance of that conspiracy they did unlawfully
attempt to prevent Edwin M. Stanton from
holding the office of Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War. It is not alleged in the article
that this conspiracy is against any particular
law, but it is alleged that the patties charged
did unlawfully conspire. It is very well known
that conspiracies are of two kinds. Two or
more persons may conspire to do a lawful act
by unlawful means; or two or more persons
may conspire to do an unlawful act by lawful
means. By the common law of England such
conspiracies have always been indictable and
punishable as misdemeanors. The State of
Maryland was one of the original thirteen
States of the Union, and the common law of
England has always prevailed in that State,
except so far as it has been modified by statute.
The city of Washington was originally within
the State of Maryland, but it was ceded to the
United States under the provisions of the Con-
stitution. By a statute of the United States,
passed February 27, 1801, t,Statutes-at-Large,
vol. 2, p. 103,) it is provided:
"That the laws of the State of Marylnnd, ay they
now exist,shall be and continue in force in that part
of the said ilistrict which was ceded by that State to
the United States, and by them accepted as atorc-
said."
By force of this statute, although probably
the law would have been the same without
legislation, the English common law of crimes
prevails in the city of Washington. By an-
other statute entitled "An act lor the punish-
ment of crimes in the District of Columbia,"
(Slatutes-at-Large, vol. 4, p. 460,) approved
March 2, 1831, special punishments are affixed
to various crimes enumerated when commit-
ted in the District of Columbia. But con-
spiracy is not one of the crimes mentioned.
The fifteenth section of that act provides:
" That every other felony, misdemeanor, or offense
not provided loi by this .let may and shall bo pun-
ished as heretofore, except that iu all cases where
whipping is part or the whole of the punishment,
except in the eases of slaves, the. court shall substi-
tute therctor imprisonment in the county jail tor a
period not exceeding six months.1'
And the sixteenth section declares—■
"That all definitions and descriptions of crimes,
all lines, forfeitures, and incapacities, the restitution
ot property, or the payment ot the value thereof, and
every other matter not piovided tor in this act, be
and the samo shall remain as heretofore.*'
There can then be no doubt that, under the
English common law of crimes, sanctioned and
continued by the statutes of the United States
in the District of Columbia, the fifth and sev-
enth articles set forth offenses which are pun-
ishable as misdemeanors by the laws of the
District.
Article six is laid under the statute of 1801,
and charges that the respondent did unlaw-
fully conspire with Lorenzo Thomas, by force,
to seize, take, and possess the property of the
United States in the Department of War, and
this with intent to violate and disregard the
act entitled "An act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices." The words used in the
conspiracy act of 1861 leave room for argu-
ment upon the point raised by the learned
counsel for the respondent. I admit that the
District of Columbia is hot included by spe-
cific designation ; but the reasons for the law
and the natural interpretation of the language
justify the view that the act applies to the Dis-
trict. I shall refer to a single authority only
upon the point.
The internal-duties act of August 2, 1813,
(Statutes, vol. 3, p. 82) subjects, in express
terms, the " several Territories of the United
States and the District of Columbia" to the
payment of the taxes imposed; upon which
the question arose whether Congress has power
to impose a direct tax on the District of Co-
lumbia, in view of the fact that by the Consti-
tution it is provided that " representation and
direct taxes shall bo apportioned among the
several States which may be included within
the Union according to their respective num-
bers."
In the ease of Loughborough vs. Blake the
Supreme Court of the United States unani-
mously decided, in a brief opinion by Chief
Justice Marshall, that although the language
of the Constitution apparently excepts the Dis-
trict of Columbia from the imposition of direct
taxes, yet the reason of the thing requires us to
consider the District as being comprehended,
in this respect, within the intention of the Con-
stitution. (Loughborough vs. Blake, 5 Whea-
ton, p. 317.)
The reasoning of the Supreme Court and its
conclusion in this case were satisfactory to the
bar and the country, and no person has deemed
it worth while to raise the question anew under
the direct tax act of August 5, 1801, (Statutes
12, 200,) which also comprehends the Territo-
ries and the District of Columbia.
But the logical rules of construction applica-
ble to an act of Congress are the same as those
applicable to the Constitution. An act of Con-
gress and the Constitution are both laws—noth-
ing more, nothing less—except that the latter is
of superior authority. And if, in the construc-
tion of the Constitution, it may be satisfactorily
maintained that the District of Columbia is to
be deemed, because of the reason of things, to
bo comprehended by a provision of the Con-
stitution which in words, and in their super-
ficial construction, excludes it, must not the
same rule of construction produce the same
result in the determination of the legal intent
and import of an net of Congress, when an
obscurity exists iu the latter and for the same
cause'?
The seventh article is laid upon the common
law, and charges substantially the same offenses
as those charged in the sixth article. The re-
sult then is that the fifth and seventh articles,
which are based upon the common law, set
forth substantially the same offenses which are
set forth in the fourth and sixth articles, which
are laid upon the statute of July ."51, 1801; and
as there can be no doubt of the validity of the
fifth and seventh articles, it is practically im-
material whether the suggestion made by the
counsel for the respondent, that the conspiracy
act of 1801 does not include the District of
Columbia, is a valid suggestion or not. Not
doubting that the Senate will find that the
charge of conspiracy is sufficiently laid under
existing laws in all the articles, I proceed to
an examination of the evidence by which the
charge is supported.
It should always be borne in mind that the
evidence in proof of conspiracy will generally,
from the nature of the crime, be circumstantial:
and this case in this particular is no exception
to the usual experience in criminal trials. We
find, in the first place, if the allegations in the
first, second, and third articles have been
established, that the President was engaged in
an unlawful act. If we find Lorenzo Thomas
or any other person cooperating with him upon
an agreement or an understanding or an assent
on the part of such other petson to the prose-
cution of such unlawful undertaking an actual
conspiracy is proved. The existence of the
| conspiracy being established, it is then compe-
tent to introduce the statements and acts of the
parties to the conspiracy, made and done while
the conspiracy was pending, and in furtherance
of the design : and it is upon this ground that
testimony has been offered and received of the
declarations made by Lorenzo Thomas, one of
the parties to the conspiracy, subsequent to the
18th of January, 1868, or perhaps to the 13th
of January, 1808—the day on which he was
restored to the office of Adjutant General of the
Army of the United States by the action of the
President, and which appears to have been an
initial proceeding on his part for the purpose
of accomplishing his unlawful desigu—the re-
moval of Mr. Stanton from the office of Secre-
tary for the Department of War. The evidence
of agreement between the respondent and
Thomas is found in the order of the 21st of
February. 1868, appointing Thomas, and in the
conversation which occurred at the time the
order was placed in Thomas's hands. The
counsel for the respondent at this point was
involved in a very serious difficulty. If he had
admitted (which he took care not to do) that
the order was purely a military one, he foresaw
that the respondent would be involved in the
crime of having issued a military order which
did not pass through the General of the Army,
and thus would be liable to impeachment and
removal from office for violating the law of the
2d of March, 1867, entitled "An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the fiscal year ending j une 30, 1868, and for
other purposes."
If he had declared that it was not a military
order, then the transaction confessedly was in
the nature of an agreement between the Pres-
ident and Lorenzo Thomas ; and if the act con-
templated by that agreement was an unlawful
act, or if the act were unlawful, and the means
employed for accomplishing it were unlawful,
then clearly the charge of conspiracy would be
maintained. Hence he was careful to say. in
denying that the order was a military order,
that it nevertheless "invoked that spirit of mil-
itary obedience which constitutes the strength
of the service." And further, he says of
Thomas, that, as a faithful Adjutant General
of the Army of the United States, interested
personally, professionally, and patriotically to
have the office of Secretary of the Department
of War performed in a temporary vacancy, was
it not his duty to accept the appointment un-
less he knew that it was unlawful to accept it?
The admissions and statements of the learned
counsel are to the effect, on the whole, that
the order was not a military order, nor do we
claim that it was a military order, but it was a
letter addressed to General Thomas, which he
could have declined altogether without sub-
jecting himself to any punishment by a mili-
tary tribunal. This is the crucial test of the
character of the paper which he received, and
on which he proceeded to act. Ignorance of
the law, according to the old maxim, excuses
no man; and whi ther General Thomas, at Ihe
first interview he had with the President on the
18th of January, 18bS, or at bis interview with
him on the day when lie received the letter of
appointment, knew that the President was then
engaged in an unlawful act, is not mateiial to
this inquiry. The President, knew that his
purpose was an unlawful one, and he then and
there induced General Thomas to cooperate
with him in the prosecution of the unlawful
design. If General Thomas was ignorant of
the illegal nature of the transaction, that fact
furnishes no legal defense for him, even though
morally it might be an excuse for his conduct.
But certainly the President, who did know the
illegal nature of the proceeding, cannot excuse
himself by asserting that his coconspirator was
at the time ignorant of the illegal nature of the
business in which they were engaged.
It being proved that the respondent was en-
gaged in an unlawful undertaking in his attempt
to remove Mr. Stanton from the office of Sec-
retary for the Department of War, that by an
agreement or understanding between General
Thomas and himself they were to cooperate in
