3362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
of the two bodies who came here from that State
to take their seats. All the other States that
had been engaged iu the rebellion took the
same course as Arkansas, sent up their Sen-
ators and Representatives, and complied with
the same conditions to reestablish proper rela-
tions with the Governmentof the United States.
All that was necessary to have now a perfect
union of all the States, and their full participa-
tion in all their rights under the Government
of the United States, was simply for the two
Houses to have admitted their Senators and
Representatives.
Mr. President, I do not believe that Congress
had any legitimate power to take a contrary
course. Congress for the last two or three
years has been engaged largely in abolishing
State governments, in denying to them the
admission of their representatives in the two
Houses of Congress, in excluding the presiden-
tial functions and power from these States, and
superseding it by the power of Congress, rep-
resented by the General of the armies and his
subordinates, and expelling the courts, United
States and State, and superseding them by mil-
itary tribunals.
Mr. President, all the legislation of Con-
gress in relation to the southern States and
their reconstruction, as it is termed, has' to
been the most flagitious usurpation of power.
There is not a shadow of authority for it in the
Constitution. Bat, Mr. President, I am not
goiug extensively into this subject. I rejoice
to think that the terrible reign and rule of rad-
icalism draws to a close, and the restoration of
the Constitution and the Union, of law, order,
and liberty, approaches in the distance, and
before another year has passed away will have
composed the passions engendered and healed
the wounds inflicted by the great civil war and
made us again one people. Before the forma-
tion of the Constitution each State was a dis-
tinct and independent political sovereignty and
possessed of all the powers of a nation. The
people of the several States voluntarily formed
the Government of the United States by relin-
quishing a portion of their sovereignty and
powers and organizing them into a common
government by a written Constitution. That
instrument forms a limited Government, with-
out any original, but wholly of delegated
powers ; and has, and can have, no powers
whatever but those which are vested in it by
the express language of the Constitution, or its
necessary implication ; and all the sovereignty
and powers of which the people of the several
States did not divest themselves and embody
in the common Government by the Constitu-
tion, were both by implication and the words
of one of its provisions, reserved by the States
and people respectively. Among those retained
is the sovereign and exclusive power of each
State to make and alter at pleasure its own con-
stitution and form of government, and manage
its own internal and domestic affairs in any
maimer that does not conflict with the Con-
stitution of the United States.
The Constitution and Government of the
United States may be dissolved and brought
to an end by the consent of the people of the
several States, or by successful revolution;
and it exists iu perpetuity until terminated in
one of those modes ; but the States, with their
governments, exist in absolute peipetuity, with
the power and right of self-government in their
people, under the Constitution of the United
States, which they can never alienate or for-
feit, and of which they cannot be divested but
by conquest or revolution.
fhe most essential constituent of this sov-
ereign and reserved power ot' self-government
by the States is the right to confer upon or to
withhold suffrage and all other political rights
and powers from any portion ot' their people
who did not possess them when the constitu-
tion was adopted.
Congress has no constitutional or rightful
power whatever to invest the negro population
of Virginia, North Caiolina, South Carolina,
Florida, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Ark-
ansas, Louisiana, and Texas with the right
of suffrage, or any other political right.
Congress has no constitutional or rightful
power whatever to abolish the governments of
those States formed by their people who pos-
sessed the political power of the several States at
the time ; or to substitute provisional military
governments in their stead ; or to authorize a
part of the white people and the negroes of those
States to form other governments'for them;
and the governments set up, or about'to be set
up, by the usurped power of Congress, through
the instrumentality of their negro population,
and the General and Army of the United States,
and by the detrusion of the President and the
Supreme Court, are utterly null and void.
The free white people of the United States
will not allow the ignorant and stolid negroes
of those ten States, and the white adventurers
who managed them, to appoint a President.
The electors chosen under the authority of the
spurious and burlesque governments recently
set up iu those States, backed and supported
by whatever power, will not be counted 111 the
next presidential election.
1 will present this position in a more striking
point of view. There are in all the States
three hundred and seven electoral votes. The
Radical party and their candidate, General
Grant, and the Army, will not suffer the legiti-
mate governments in the ten southern States
to'choose electors; and those chosen by their
negro governments, numbering seventy, being
excluded, will leave two hundred and thirty-
seven, and one hundred and nineteen will be
required to elect a President. The conserva-
tive candidate will probably receive the elec-
toral vote of California, Connecticut, Delaware,
Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, New
Jersey, New York, Ohio, Oregon, and Penn-
sylvania, making im aggregate of one hundred
and thirty-eight.
If the .Radical candidate were to receive the
vote of all the other States, which is not prob-
able, excluding those chosen by negro govern-
ernmeuts, he Would have ninety-nine electoral
votes, or thirty-nine less than the conservative
candidate; but add to the vote of General Grant
the seventy electors chosen by the negro gov-
ernments of the southern States, and it would
make one hundred and sixty-nine votes, thirty-
one more than the conservative candidate. In
this way the negroes of the ten southern States
would not only defeat the efforts of the white
people of the United States to elect their Presi-
dent, but would appoint a President for them
in flagitious violation of the Constitution. This
grand enterprise of fraud, force, and usurpa-
tion cannot succeed. The candidate for the
presidency who receives the majority of the
electoral votes chosen by the free white men
of the U nited States will be constitutionally and
dejure the President, and they will see to it that
he shall be dejacto.
Ambitious, Dad, and reckless men will be
met and foiled at the threshold of their further
scheme to force negro suffrage on the other
States, at a more convenient season, by the
agency of a President and members of Con-
gress chosen by negro governments, constructed
partly for that purpose.
Those governments are no more obligatory
upon the white people whom they oppress, or
to be respected by all good and true citizens,
than it Uiey had been set up by the Emperor
of France or the Queen of Great Britain ; the
power that foisted them upon an erring, gal-
lant, subjugated, penitent, but proud and pro-
testing people, was no less alien and illegiti-
mate for that purpose. Those governments
must be heaved oli' Irom their crushed victims, ji
or their enslavement will be the precursor of j
the fate of all the other white people of the ]i
United States. So many of them cannot be ;'
enslaved, and the others continue long to be '!
free; but they must be delivered from slavery, ]
and freedom for all be provided with better j!
guaranties. H
Prudence and iheir own safety, as well as
justice, magnanimity, and fraternity call upon i
the yet free and patriotic people of the other
States to rescue their race and kindred of the.
southern States from the degrading and gall-
ing chains of political slavery t.o negroes. The
work has begun and is progressing ; and when
it is completed it will be for their enfranchised
brothers iu the full restoration and enjoyment
of all their constitutional liberties, rights, and
powers, to decide for themselves whether or
not they will confer on the negro population
of their respective States any or what extent
of suffrage.
The Caucasian is the highest type of man,
and its vast and rapidly increasing numbers
in the United States recoil with instinctive
disgust and horror from the idea of amalgama-
tion with the negro, the lowest race, and the
national weakness and degradation it would
produce; the examples of Mexico and the
countries of South America powerfully confirm
the teachings of their irrepressible instincts.
This white race is also fully impressed with
this truth, that if five millions of negroes are
allowed to dwell in one third of the States, if
there is to be any permanent peace between
the races, the negro must occupy that lower
and subordinate position in which he was
placed' by their Creator. Their enfranchise-
ment from personal slavery, and their invest-
ment of all civil rights, are not incompatible
with the welfare ot either race. But wholly
incapable of any well ordered self-government
as the negro is, in any condition from primi-
tive barbarism to any stage of civilization which
lie can attain, bis association with the white
man in the exercise of political power would
introduce a great disturbing element, and be
productive of various and grave disorder and
evil; and with his efforts to obtain social
equality would produce conflicts that would
result in the destruction of the negro, or his
expulsion from the country, or his reduction
to a quasi slaveiy. It would be wisdom for
the African race who inhabit our country, tc
ask the white race to guaranty to them equal
civil rights, and to decline, expressly and wholly,
political rights and social equality. Upon this
platform the negro would generally find in the
white man a kind and protecting friend; but
on that which he now occupies, and to which
he has been beguiled by false friends, he will
always be confronted by a superior race and a
stern and conquering foe.
But besides sweeping away forever from the
people of the southern Sta'tes the worst gov-
ernments that now exists in the civilized world,
governments which organize both despotism
and anarchy, the true, good, and brave men of
the United States have other and most import-
ant work to perform. They have to restore
our mixed system of State and national Gov-
ernments, as the foremost men of all this earth
made it; each State naving equal rights with
all the others, and the exclusive and recognized
sovereign power to make and alter at pleasure
its own constitution and form of government,
and to manage its own domestic affairs in har-
mony with the Constitution of the United
States; and the Government of the United
States to be restricted to the regulatio-n of
affairs between the United States and foreign
Governments, and among the several States,
and to be supreme within the sphere of its
constitutional powers.
'I he liberties of the people are founded upon
the States, the exclusive power of their people
to make their own governments and laws upon
their reserved sovereignty and rights ; and the
stability, strength, aud security of the whole
system is imparted by the due execution of the
powers with which the people of the several
States invested the General Government by
the Constitution, in our vast country lib-
erty can be secured only by the States, their
governments, and the mviolabiity ot their
leserved sovereignty and rights; peace, sta-
bility, and strength only by the Government
ot the United States, administered in con-
formity and subordination to the Constitution.
The adjustment of powers, which tlie Consti-
