1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fire any rules of the House governing debate.
1 know there was an attempt last evening to
introduce a resolution, and I believe one has
been introduced.
Mr. BROOKS. I have offered a resolution
for a committee of investigation.
Mr. HIGBY. I find from the statement of
the gentleman from New York, with reference
to this subject, that the basis of his resolution
is a letter claimed to have been addressed by
some of the managers conducting the impeach-
ment before the Senate to a gentleman by the
name of Shaffer, who is said to be one of the
counsel in this matter in reference to the island
of Alta Vela. I wish to read that letter.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, I cannot give the gen-
tleman time for the reading of the letter.
Mr. HIGBY. Very well; if it is well under-
stood by the House 1 will not read it.
Mr. BROOKS. It has been read and has
been in all the public prints.
Mr. HIGBY. I will simply say that I do
not know why any member—I do not care
what position he occupies before the House—
cannot express an opinion such as is expressed
in this paper to any individual, I care not whom,
aside from the President of the United States,
in respectful language and simply expressing an
opinion. It strikes me as sheer nonsense for
the House to occupy its attention about a
matter of this kind, and I hope that the man-
agers who are conducting the impeachment
will not take the trouble to say one word on
the subject. It now appears on the record
simply what it is, and I hope the House will
vote down the resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. The remarks of the gentle-
man from California demand a reply, for this
matter begins to assume another aspect. I
would like to know why it was that of the one
hundred and fifty Republican members of this
House, four were selected to address a letter
to the President of the United States—why
four and four only? Why not the honorable
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washbubne?]
hy did they not ask him ? Why not the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck?] Why
were not other honorable members from In-
diana and Iowa and Pennsylvania and New
York asked to sign it? Why were four of the
Veven managers of the impeachment elected by
this House appointed to address a letter to
Colonel Shaffer, the counsel in the Alta Vela
case, with the intention on the part of that
counsel, as is proved by the facts, to lay that
letter before the President of the United States
and to have the influence of the names of these
four managers ? It is but an opinion, says the
gentleman from California. It is true it is but
ail opinion. But upon a "high criminal," as
he is characterized by the honorable gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham,] one of the
managers not now in his seat, what effect
was it calculated to have—what effect upon the
President's mind would an address by the
majority of the managers laid before him have ?
I do not say that the honorable managers
knew this letter was to go before the President,
but I do say that the letter did go before the
President and it was laid before the President
by the counsel of the claimants in this Alta
Vela ease to whom the letter was addressed.
Mr. ANDERSON. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. ANDERSON. To whom is that letter
addressed? [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. I have answered that ques-
tion three times. [Laughter.] It was ad-
dressed, I repeat again, to the employed and
paid counsel in the ease, and the letter was by
another counsel in the case laid twice, at two
different times, bel'ore the President of the
United States in a letter addressed to the Pres-
ident of the United States. This is but an
opinion, says the gentleman from California.
1 have only to say upon that subject, Mr.
Speaker, that upon all great claims whatso-
ever members of this House ought to be careful
how tiiey express their opinions upon matters
upon which they are to vote, or to the Execu-
tive Departments of the. Government, through
letters like this one addressed to the counsel
in this case, with the probability that those
letters will be laid before the President of the
United States.
There is some authority, a law of Congress,
which forbids members of Congress appearing
in certain cases before the Executive Depart-
ments and arguing them there. But here in
this case is a letter, the whole force of which it
is attempted to escape by saying that it is not
addressed to the President of the United States,
but to one of the counsel in the case.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. HIGBY. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if he knows whether this letter was laid
before the President by the consent of any of
these managers ?
Mr. BROOKS. I want this resolution passed
for the purpose of ascertaining, by means of a
committee of investigation, what connection
these managers had with this matter. If a com-
mittee is appointed for investigation, we shall
be able to ascertain whether the letter was writ-
ten for this very purpose of being laid before
the President of the United States or not. I
do not know what will be the course of the ma-
jority upon this floor; whether they will direct
or not that this investigation shall be had. But
let me tell the majority of this House that the
people will not look at this matter in a merely
legal point of view. But with open practical
eyes they will see the facts of the case ; they
will see that the letter was laid before the
President of the United States, and they will
judge of the motives with which it was laid
before him. The managers may not be in
fault.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him another question?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. HIGBY. Does it not appear, from the
gentleman's own statement, that this letter
was laid before the President by Chauneey l'\
Black?
Mr. BROOKS. Yes; and the inference is
that that is what the letter was written for; to be
laid before the President of the United States;
that that was the whole object of writing the
letter; that is the fair inference in the ease.
Now, sir, from signs which I have seen on
the other side of the House, I am doubtful
whether this select committee is even to be ap-
pointed, bat that this matter is to be allowed
to go on without any further examination or
inquiry whatever. 1 trust, however, that, will
not be the case. I trust that in a matter of
this sort, involving a large amount of money
in a claim before the executive department,
the honor and dignity of this House will not
rest quiet under this extraordinary proceeding.
I say, sir, that in all the history of impeach-
ments, both in this and in other countries, in
all cases whatsoever where parallel trials have
been had, there never has been an exhibition
of this sort. And hence 1 pronounce it ex-
traordinary, and a minority of this House, if
not a majority, will demand such an investiga-
tion of it as can alone be obtained by the ap-
pointment of a select committee. The power
of this House may be sufficient to crush the
executive department thiough other branches
of this Government. But J beg that the House
will at least with dignity, with honor, with re-
spect for itself and tor its managers, pursue that
course of inquiry which wiil enable the honor-
able managers—who in the other House have
presented an entirely different view from that
which they have presented here—I hope this
House wili at least pursue such an inquiry as
will enable the managers to show what the
facts are.
The deposition which was given by Mr.
Chauneey F. Black, and which is^ set forth at
length in the proceedings of the high court of
impeachment, contains the following :
"General J. W. Shaffer having become associated
with us in the ease, and having learned thatUenoral
Butlcr had become acquainted with the merits of
the case, procured hia legal opinion upon it, amlal°o
a concurrence by General Logah. After receiving
this opinion I inclosed it to the President. The time
when this opinion was received, and whether it was
dated, I do not recollect. Xhe time that it was pre-
sented to the President by me can he established by
the date of my letter inclosing it." * * *
•  " Somo considerable time after I had forwarded
the original! sent this copy so signed to the Presi-
dent."
The issue which was made in the other House
was not the issue which was made here. Bat
it was denied in the other House that the let-
ter was presented to the President after Feb-
ruary 24, when the resolution of impeachment
passed this House. The honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Botler] said then :
"This I believe to have been in the early part of
February; certainly before the act was committed
by Andrew Johnson which brought on this impeach-
ment."
The honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] says more explicitly:
"I merely wish to correct the gentleman from Ten-
nesbee, the counsel for the respondent, by saying
that he is mistaken about this letter having been
signed after the impeachment commenced by eithei
General Butler or myself. I know well when ]
signed it, and the gentleman iviU find the correc-
tion, if he will examine thoroughly, and will cer-
tainly be kind enough to make it. 1" signed the
letter long before there was anything thought of
impeachment."
The,issue in the other House was not the
issue made here; for the letter was addressed
to the counsel and sent by that counsel to the
President. But the main issue, the whole
body of the issue, was there denied; for it
was averred that, while the letter was thus
written, and though it was laid before the Pres-
ident, it was legally and legitimately written
before February 24, when the resolution of
impeachment was adopted in this House. Thus
the fact was admitted that it was wrong—I will
not say criminal—that it was wrong, after the
impeachment had been instituted, for four
managers on the part of the House to sign such
a letter or opinion as that, to be laid before
the President of the United States. .
I now yield to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Marshall.]
The SPEAKER. For how long?
Mr. BROOKS. Indefinitely.
Mr. WASHBURNK, of Illinois. I object
to the gentleman yielding indefinitely.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman holding
the floor has a right, under the rule, to yield
for an explanation of the pending measure.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, is it proper
for the gentleman from Illinois to take the floor
as often as he does without leave.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has a right to raise a question of order, as
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldeidoe]
often does, and arrest business until the Chair
has decided the point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It was not a question
of order which the gentleman raised.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois made the point of order that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] could not
yield the floor indefinitely. The Chair decided
that he could do so. The Clerk wiil read the
rule.
The Clerk read as follows :
" "While a member is occupying the floor he may
yield it to another for explanation of the pending
measure, as well as for personal explanation."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Now
York has a right under this rule to yield for an
explanation of the pending proposition.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I regret
very much that my distinguished colleague,
[Mr. Washbukxe.] who rarely obtains an op-
portunity to speak on any subject, has not the
floor entirely this afternoon for his own pur-
I] poses. But still I imagine that, notwithstand-
ing his extraordinary diffidence and modesty,
he will, upon -some occasion, have an oppor-
tunity to speak upon this question,
I have sought the floor, Mr. Speaker, for the
purpose of saying but a word to explain the
reasons which shall control ray action and vote
upon this question. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Higby] and other gentlemen seem
to take it for granted that as this commu-
