1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3363
tution made between the States and the Uni-
ted States, has been essentially, almost fatally,
disorganized by the Radical party. The diffi-
cult but imperative duty of every true and
eulighteued patriot is to combine and struggle
together until it is restored.
They have to crush out the fell spirit of rad-
icalism from the whole land. They have to
gather up and reconstruct the broken frag-
ments of the Constitution, and restore iu har-
mony, authority, and power our great charter
of government and liberty. They have to
erect other defenses against the encroach-
ing and usurping tendencies inherent in Con-
gress, and to restore the Presidency and the
Supreme Court to the possession and exercise
of the important powers and functions which
that dominating department has, for the time,
wrested from them. They have to take addi-
tional guarantees that the Governments of the
United States and the States shall move with-
out collision in their respective orbits, as
described by the Constitution; and that the
Supreme Court shall always promptly execute
its great conservative power of deciding ques-
tions of conflict of jurisdiction between tliein.
They have to recover those priceless rights and
libei ties of person, property, self-government,
and pursuit of happiness which are the chief
ends of our scheme that have been temporarily
betrayed and overthrown by the faithless sen-
tinels and guards charged with their watch and
defense, and devise more securities for their
enjoyment against the assault of internal ene-
mies and the perversion of power by govern-
mental officials.
I have given but a sketch of the great and
most interesting work that has to be under-
taken by all our countrymen who are worthy
of their heritage of liberty and constitutional
government. Until it is performed they have
110 stable government, no liberty, no security
of person or property. The accomplishment
of this work is their present, continuing, death-
less, immortal mission, passing from sire to
son. Let every true man give to it, if needful,
all the days of his life ; and if in that time it is
not completed, let him bequeath his part of the
progressing work to his children, and to his
children's children, as the most sacred anc|
precious of all trusts.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill, the objections
of the President of the United States to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. HO \VE. 1 wish to state that the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] and myself
have paired with the Senator Irom Connec-
ticut, [Mr. Dixox.] The Senator from Maine
was obliged to leave the Senate Chamber on
account of ill health. If he were here, he and
I would vote in the affirmative, and the Sen-
ator from Connecticut in the negative.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—year 30, nays 7 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Conness,
Coibett,Crugin, Edmunds,Kerry, Fessenden, liailan,
Howard, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patter-
son. ot New Hampshire, Pomeroy, liainsey, Ross,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Tiumbull. Van Wmkle, Wade, H'llley, Wilson, and
Y at es~30
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Davis, Doolittle, Ilen-
dncKs. McCreery, Patterson of Tennessee, and Sauls-
bury—7.
A BSHNT—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
Cat tell, Dixon, Drake, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Henderson, Howe, Johnson, Morrill of Alame, Mor-
ton, Norton, Vickers, and Williams—17.
The PRESIDENT pro tempo-re. On this
question the yeas are 30, and the nays 7. So
(two thirds ot the Senators present having voted
m the affirmative) the bill is passed, and hav-
ing been passed by a similar vote in the other
House, has become a law, the objections of
the President of the United States to the con-
tiary notwithstanding.
house bill referred.
The joint resolution (IT. R. No. 306) to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to remit
the duties on certain articles contributed to the
National Association of American.Sharp-shoot-
ers, was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 22, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The reading of the Journal of Saturday's
proceedings was, by unanimous consent, dis-
pensed with.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of the States
and Territories for bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into tlie House by a
motion to reconsider, commencing with the
State of Maine.
REGISTRY OF VESSELS.
Mr. PIKE introduced a bill (H. R.No.
1285) to repeal an act concerning the register-
ing and recording of ships or vessels, approved
December 21, 1792, and for other purposes;
which was read a firstand second time, referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
DRAWBACK OS SIIIP-BtJILDINO MATERIALS.
Mr. LYNCH introduced a bill (H. li. No.
1280) to allow drawback on articles used in
the construction of vessels ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
funding the national debt.
Mr. KELSEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1287) to provide for lunding.the national debt
and for taxing the interest-bearing bonds here-
after issued by the United States, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 hope, Mr. Speaker, that
the Committee of Ways and Means will con-
sider and repoit on this subject without delay.
SAMUEL 1'. TODD.
Mr. ROBINSON introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 301) relative to the claim of
Samuel P. Todd, deceased; which was read a
first and second time, andrefeired to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
SCHENECTADY AND ST. LAWRENCE RAILROAD.
Mr. MARVIN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1288) to aid in the construction of a railroad
for military and postal purposes through the
wilderness of northern New York, from Sche-
nectady to the St. Lawrence river; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
OPENING OP A NEW INLET.
Mr. IIAIGHT submitted a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of New Jersey, and
several thousand citizens of the eastern portion
of said State, asking Congress for an appro-
priation to open an inlet from the head of Bar-
negat bay to the Atlantic ocean, on the New
Jersey coast, for the preservation of life along
the coast, to facilitate commerce, and to pro-
tect Government property from the encroach-
ments of the sea ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
EDMUND AV. WANDELL.
Mr. WOODWARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1289) for the relief of Edmund W. Wan-
dell ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
APPRENTICES IN NAVY-YARD SAIL LOFTS.
Mr. O'NEILL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1290) relative to indentured apprentices and
apprentices under instructions in the mechan-
ical shops and sail lofts of navy-yards ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
MARY IIASSETT.
Mr. STOKES introduced a joint, resolution
(H. R. No. 302) for the relief of the lieirs of
Mary Hassett, of the State of Alabama; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
RELIEF FROM POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1291) to provide for the relief from disabilities
of certain persons who have been engaged in
rebellion; which was read a first and second"
time, referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, and ordered to be printed.
INDEPENDENCE OF CRETE.
Mr. SHANKS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 303) for the recognition of the
independence of Crete ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs:
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
was ordered to be printed in the Globe, as fol-
lows :
Be it resolved bythe Senate and House of KepreAenta-
tivci, <f;c., That the civilization of this ago calls for the
most liberal forms of government among men ; tnafc
it is the privilege and the duty of this Government
to foster in eveiy just and proper way the lise and
progress of free institutions wherever the people aro
competent to maintain the same; that the people
of Crete having shown by their long suffering and
Christian forboaranee, by their fortitude, by their
devotion and their heroic defense of their homes,
their country, and their religion, that they are com-
petent to maintain a free government, it is the duty
of the United States to recognize thein as free and
independent.
ANDREW J. GRAY.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1292) to increase the pension of Andrew J.
Gray ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
COAL-TAR AND GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1293) to incorporate the Washington and
Georgetown Coal-Tar and Gas-Light Com-
pany ; which was read a firstand second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
CITIZENS' GAS COMPANY.
Mr. INGERSOLL also introduced a bill (H.
It. No. 1294) to incorporate the Citizens' Gas
Company ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
WltHAM J. COTTY.
Mr. BENJAMIN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1295) granting a pension to William J.
Cotty, late of the twenty-first Missouri infantry;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
POST ROUTE IN IOWA.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE introduced a bill (H. -
R. No. 1296) to establish a post route from
Buckingham, Iowa, to Laporte City, Iowa;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Offioe
and Post Roads.
OCEAN TELEGRAPH CABLE.
Mr. COBB introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1297) to grant the right to lay and lajid an
ocean telegraph cable; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
MENDOCINO RESERVATION.
Mr. HIGBY presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of California, asking
that the Mendocino reservation be abandoned
and the land reopened for preemption; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
SURVEY or LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. IIIGBY also presented .a resolution of.
the Legislature of the State of California, ask-
ing an appropriation by Congress for surveys
of public lands in said State; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
HARBOR OF SAN DIEGO.
Mr. HIGBY also presented a resolution oftha
