1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1315
afor from New York has taken no exception.
The misapprehension was this, as I read yes-
terday to the Senate:
"The House would not have had it so;-from the
beginning that body lias protested against thisclauso
lequmng a majority of all the registered vot«s for
ratiiication."
I read the proceedings of the House for the
purpose ot showing that the House, so far from
protesting against the clause requiring a major-
ity of all the registered votes for ratification,
had insisted upon it by vote after vote, and
that the Senate refused to agree to that, but
put in a clause, at the instance of the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] requiring less,
which was, that a majority of the votes cast
only should be necessary to ratify the consti-
tution, provided at least one half of all the
registered voters took part in the election.
Now, a vote which is against the constitution
goes to make up the number requisite to take
part, according to the Senate amendment. The
House insisted upon more than that: that there
should be a positive majority of all the regis-
tered votes in favor of a constitution in order
to adopt it. I corrected that misapprehension,
or sought to do so, yesterday.
The other matter was more personal to my-
self, and grew out of some statements I had
seen in thepapers that I was opposed to this
majority principle ; that is, to allowing a major-
ity of the votes cast to decide the question.
In order to correct that misapprehension I
read from the Globe to show my votes npou
that point, to show that I had consistently
voted, wherever I had had an opportunity, in
favor of allowing the question of the ratification
ot the constitutions in the rebel States to be
decided by a majority of the votes cast upon
that question. 1 voted so on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
iiORTOX,] and we carried it by one majority, I
think. I then voted against all amendments
to change it. The Senator from New York
seems to regard that as an attack upon his con-
sistency, and makes an allusion to a remark
made by me the other day, as if he had some
desire to make a point upon me in reference
to the explanation I had given in regard to my
own course upon this subject. 1 certainly
made no charge of blunder against the Senator
from New York, no charge of inconsistency
against him, and had no desire to make any
such charge.
He further makes a complaint that it was
not understood by him as the privilege of any
member of the body to refer to what had oc-
curred in committee, and refers to something
that was said when the question in regard to
Mr. Thomas's right to a seat was up ; and evi-
dently aims that remark, from the connection
in which it is made, at me. Now, sir, I know
nothing that should have called forth the cen-
sure of the Senator from New York; butlwish
to say to him it is the first time I ever knew,
when a report was brought into this body, that
it was not proper to assume that the members
of the committee were for it who did not dis-
agree to it. I disagreed to that report, and if
the Senator from New York means the allusion
for me I will remark that I said nothing ex-
cept what it was legitimate and proper to say.
I had a right to assume that he agreed to the
report unless he dissented from it. Any mem-
ber of the Senate has that right. When a
report of a committee is made, and no mem-
ber dissents, it is legitimate and proper to treat
as assenting to it every member who does not
disagree.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make a remark?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. The statement of the
Senator was this: that the Senator from New
York with another Senator, whom he named,
carried that report in the Judiciary Commit-
tee. Now, while I did not mean to give him
any offense at all, I say to him very frankly
that I did refer to his remark, which surprised
me. I did not understand, and I do not un-
derstand now, that it is my right to state with
regard to the Senator what he carries or what
he seeks to car*y in committee ; and, of course,
if it be not my right to make that statement as
to him, it is not his right to make it as to me.
I took, however, not the slightest offense at it,
and I merely alluded to it for the purpose of
saying that I did not intend on this occasion or
any occasion to state what took place in com-
mittee ; that I was merely speaking from the
record which the Senator had made himself in
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was known and stated
that two members of that committee disagreed
to the report. I stated that in reference to
myself. Of course it was legitimate and proper
to assert that the other members were for the
report arid they must have carried it. It is not
stating what is done in a committee to say
that a report is carried by a majority of the
committee when certain members dissent from
that report.
Mr. CONKLING. No; but when the Sen-
ator picks out two Senators and says that they
carried the report in committee I submit to
him it is going a good deal further.
Mr. TRUMBULL. [ submit to the Senator
from New York that I do not see that it is
going any further to assume that every Senator
on a committee is for it that does not dissent,
and he has a right to be counted for it and as
carrying the report. When there is a division
of a committee, and a portion of that com-
mittee come into the Senate and disagree to
the report, those who do not disagree to it are
legitimately and properly to be taken as assent-
ing to it and as having carried it. That is my
understanding, notwithstanding the censure of
the Senator from New York'.
But the Senatorfrom New York goes further,
and seeks to place me in the position of being
against allowing a majority of the votes cast to
settle the question of the ratification of a con-
stitution, and refers to the Globe for the pur-
pose of showing that I reported the provision
as it came from the House on this subject in
the form of an amendment; hut the Senate
will understand how that was. It was the
House bill almost verbatimwith a number of
immaterial amendments. It was thought better
to have it in one. But this provision of the
bill was reported as it came from the House.
The Senator knows very well, if he has read
my record, that I stated on that occasion—my
attention was called to it—that I reported this
because it was agreed to in committee. I
report many measures, as the organ of a com-
mittee, all the features ot' which do not meet
my approbation. Here is what I said :
"That provision of the bill I voted to change. It
was thought best in committee not to do it; and X
was for carrying out the views of the committee."
I was instructed to make the report as it
was. I made it so. I was willing to vote for
the bill with the House provision in it. I
voted for the bill with the provision of the
Senatorfrom Vermont in it as it now stands in
the law. I was opposed to that provision. I
spoke against it. 1 voted against it. But, sir,
I voted for the bill when I could not have it as
I wanted it. I reported the bill from the com-
mittee with this clause in it, and I should have
voted for the bill as it passed the House.
Why, sir, there has not been a single recon-
struction measure passed from the beginning
that was just as I would have preferred to have
it; but I have learned by my experience here
and my experience in life that I cannot have
things just as I would prefer them. I have
learned that in a legislative body, in order to
accomplish anything, we must be practical
and have some deference and respect to the
opinions of our associates, who know just as
much as we do, and are entitled to their views
as well as we are to ours. But I consistently
voted and spoke upon every occasion when I
had an opportunity to vote, and when I deemed
it proper to speak—so often even that I was
reproved for it—in favor of the majority prin-
ciple. My position in that respect cannot be
misunderstood; and my object in referring to
it was to show that I had always thought that
it was better to adopt the principle that a ma-
jority of those voting should decide the ques-
tion.
But the Senator from New York was of a
very different opinion; and now he says that
it was right at that time to adopt the principle
as it was adopted. I am not going to argue
that over with him. I did not think it was
right then, and I do not now. The Senator
from New York thought so, and he said in
very strong language why he thought so. 'I
will now, as he has referred to this record,
read what he did say on that occasion :
"I have failed entirely to discover where tlie House
of Representatives made its blunder, when by a de-
cided majority, the question being put and discussed,
it insisted that, whatever else this bill should con-
tain, it should not omit to require that amajority of
that fraction of the people whose names are to be
borno upon the registry shall assent to a restoration
of representation. We all know that of the number
of persons whom it is intended shall be registered
by no means the whole in any State will obtain regis-
tration. We know that in most of the States a very
largo per cent, will not. And now the ideasoems mon-
strous to me, thatweare by the use of military agency
to bring into relations with this Onion any State in
which, taking all sorts and conditions, black and
white, loyal and disloyal, you cannot, even at tha
end of all those proceedings, obtain the consent of a
majority of the registered people," * * 511 *
'* I hope sir, for one, that this amendment will fail;
and that if the language of the bill does not mean
now, as the Senator from Maryland seems to think it
does not, that a majority of the registered voters
shall be required," &c.
It will bo remembered that there was some
doubt as to what the meaning of the bill was
as it came from the House, the plirase being,
" £f majority of votes." It was contended by
some, and suggested by the Senator from Mary-
land, that possibly nothing more than a major-
ity of those voting might be required under the
provisions of the bill as it was; and that was
why I voted for the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] He pro-
posed to insert the word "registered" to make
it definite. I was in favor of making it definite,
as I am always in favor of making every law
distinct and definite, that there may be no mis-
understanding about it. If we were to require
a majority of all the registered voters I was
willing to say so and make it clear, and obviate
the doubt which was thrown upon the bill as it
stood by the suggestion of the Senator from
Maryland.
I should not have said this much on the
present occasion—I had no idea of saying any-
thing more in regard to this matter—but for the
remarks which tell from the Senator from New
Y'ork. I have no right to complain of his con-
sistency or inconsistency. I said nothing about
it the other day. I referred simply to my own
course. I read the vote for the purpose of
showing how I voted. I could have stated it
perhaps without reading the other names; and
if I had done that probably I should not have
fallen under the censure of the Senator from
New York; but inasmuch as I read the other
names he seems to have regarded that as an
attack upon his consistency. Now, sir, whether
he was right at that time or not we discussed
then. He spoke upon that subject then an4
so did I, and I am willing to leave it with the
discussion that then took place. My judgment
then was, as it now is, that the constitution
should be submitted for ratification to a ma-
jority of the persons voting on that question.
The Senator Irom New York then thought dif-
ferently ; but now thinks, under the changed
circumstances that he relates, that it may b'e
proper to submit it to a majority of the persons
voting on the question. I shall be very glad
indeed to have him vote with me now in fuvor
of this bill. If he is satisfied with the course
that he adopted last Marchin putting the feature
into the bill which he is now willing to take
out, that is for him and not for me. I have
found in my experience often that it is neces-
sary to change our legislation to meet the
changing circumstances of the country, and I
should have considered it no reflection upon me
if I had thought proper to change my course in
