282
SUPPLEMENT TO
mentioned in the public journals ; it was men
tioncd, probably, to the President. Did it meet
with favor ? Did he send his name to the
Senate? No.
General Cox, if he had accepted the office
at all, would have done so with the expecta-
tion of holding it till March, 1869, and with
the purpose of executing the duties of the
trust according to the laws and the Constitu-
tion. These were purposes wholly inconsist-
ent with the President's schemes of usurpa-
tion. But is it to be presumed or imagined
that when the President issued his order for
the removal of Mr. Stanton, and his letter of
authority to Lorenzo Thomas, on the 21st of
February, he had any purpose of appointing
Mr. Ewino; Secretary of War? Certainly not.
On the afternoon of the 21st he informs his
Cabinet that Stanton was removed and that
Thomas had possession of the office. He then
so believed. Thomas had deceived or misled
him. On the 22d instant he had discovered
that Stanton held on to the place, and that
Emory could not be relied upon for force.
What was now his necessity? Simply a
resort to his old policy. He saw that it was
necessary to avoid impeachment if possible,
and also to obtain the sanction of the Senate
to a nomination which would work the re-
moval of Mr. Stanton, and thus he would tri-
umph over his enemies and obtain condona-
tion for his crimes of the 21st of February.
A well-laid scheme, but destined to fail and to
furnish evidence of his own guilty purposes.
With the office in the possession of Mr. Ewing
he foresaw that for the prosecution of his own
plans the place would always be vacant.
Thus has this artful man pursued the great
purpose of his life. Consider the other cir-
cumstances. On the 1st of September last
General Emory was appointed to the com-
mand of the department of Washington. He
has exhibited such sterling honesty and vig-
orous patriotism in these recent troubles and
during the war that he can bear a reference to
his previous history. He was born in Mary-
land, and in the early part of the war the pub-
lic mind of the North questioned his fidelity
to the Union. His great services and untarn-
ished record during the war arc a complete
defense against all suspicion, but is it too much
to believe that Mr. Johnson entertained the
hope that General Emory might be made an
instrument of his ambition ? Nobly has Gen-
eral Emory undeceived the President and gained
additional renown in the country. In General
Lorenzo Thomas the President was not de-
ceived. His complicity in recent unlawful pro-
ceedings justifies the suspicions entertained by
the country in 1801 and 18G2 touching his loy-
alty. Thomas and the President are in accord.
In case of the acquittal of the President, they
are to issue an order to General Grant putting
Thomas hi possession of the reports of the Army
to the War Department.
Is there not in all this evidence of the Presi-
dent's criminal intention? Is not his whole
course marked by duplicity, deception, and
fraud ? "All things arc construed against the
wrong-doer" is the wise and just maxim of
the law. Has lie not trilled with and deceived
the Senate? lias he not attempted to accom-
plish an unlawful purpose by disingenuous,
tortuous, criminal means? His criminal intent
is in his willful violation of the law, and his
criminal intentis, moreover, abundantly proved
by all the circumstances attending the violation
of the law.
His final resort for safety was the Senate,
praying for the confirmation ot' Mr. Ewing.
On the 21st of February he hoped that Stan-
ton would yield willingly or that Emory could
be used to remove him. On the 22d he knew
that Stanton was determined to remain, that
Emory would not furnish assistance, that it
was useless to appeal to Grant. He returns to
his old plan of filling the War Office by the
appointment of a man who would yield the
place at any moment; and now ho asks you to
accept as his justification an act which was the
last resort of a criminal attempting to escape
the judgment due to his crimes. Upon this
view of the law and the facts we demand a
conviction of the respondent upon articles
four, live, six, and seven exhibited against him
by the House of Representatives.
The evidence introduced tending to show a
conspiracy between Johnson and Thomas to
get possession of the War Department tends
also, connected with other facts, to show the
purpose of the President to obtain possession
of the Treasury Department. Bearing in mind
his claim that he can suspend or remove from
office, without the advice and consent of the
Senate, any civil officer, and bearing in mind,
also, that the present Secretary of the Treasury
supports this claim, and every obstacle to the
possession of the Treasury Department is re-
moved. If the Secretary should decline to
cooperate it would only be necessary for the
President to remove him from office and place
the Treasury Department in the hands of one
of his own creatures.
Upon the appointment of Thomas as Secre-
tary of War ad interim the President caused
notice to be given thereof to the Secretary of
the Treasury, accompanied with the direction,
under the President's own hand, to that offi-
cer to govern himself accordingly. It is also
proved that on the 22d day of December Mr.
Johnson appointed Mr. Cooper, who had been
his Private Secretary and intimate friend, As-
sistant Secretary of the Treasury.
The evidence fully sustains the statements
made in the opening argument of Manager
Buti.er in support of article nine. The facts
in regard to General Emory's interview with
the President were then well known to the
Managers, and the argument and view pre-
sented in the opening contain all that is neces-
sary to be said upon that article.
The learned counsel who opened the case
for the President seems not to have compre-
hended the nature of the offense set forth in
the tenth article. His remarks upon that arti-
cle proceeded upon the idea that the House of
Representatives arraign the President for slan-
dering or libeling the Congress of the United
States; no such offense is charged, nor is it
claimed by the Managers that it would be pos-
sible for Mr. Johnson or any other person to
libel or slander the Government. It is for no
purpose of protection or im emnity or punish-
ment that we arraign Mr. Johnson for words
spoken in Washington, Cleveland, and St.
Louis. Wo do not arraign him for the words
spoken; but the charge in substance is, that a
man who could utter the words which as is
proved were uttered by him is unfit for the
office he holds. We claim that the common
law of crimes, as understood and enforced by
Parliament in eases of impeachment, is in sub-
stance this: That no person in office shall do
any act contrary to the good morals of the
office; and that, when any officer is guilty of
an act contrary to the good morals of the office
which he holds, that act is a misdemeanor for
the purpose of impeachment and removal from
office.
Judge Chase was impeached and escaped
conviction by four votes only for words spoken
from the bench of the circuit court sitting in
Baltimore; words which are decorous and rep-
utable when compared with the utterances of
Mr. Johnson. Judge Humphreys was convicted
and removed from office for words spoken
treasonable in character, but not as much cal-
culated to weaken and bring the Government
of the United States into contempt as were
the words uttered by Mr. Johnson in his speech
of the 18th of August, 1806. Judge Hum-
phreys was convicted by the unanimous vote
of the Senators, nineteen of whom now sit on
this trial. If a magistrate can ever be guilty,
for words spoken, of an impeachable misde-
meanor, there can be no doubt that Mr. John-
son is so guilty.
I ask you to consider in comparison, or in
contrast, the nature of the language used by
Chase, Humphreys, and Johnson, as set forth
in the articles of impeachment preferred in the
several cases.
The eighth article in the case of Chase is in
these words:
"And whereas mutual respect and confidence be-
tween the Government of the United States and thoso
of the individual .States, and between the people and
those governments, respectively, are highly condu-
cive to that public harmony without which there can
be no public happiness, yet the said Samuel Chase,
disregarding the duties and dignity of his judicial
character, did, at the circuit court for the district of
Maryland, held at Baltimore in the month of May,
1803, pervert his official right and duty to address the
grand jury then and there assembled on the matters
coming within the province of the said jury, for the
purpose of delivering to the said grand jury an in-
temperate and inflammatory political harangue, with
intent to excite the fears and resentment ot the said
grand jury and of the good peopte of Maryland
against their State government and constitution, a
conduct highly censurable in any, but peculiarly in-
decent and unbecoming in a judge of the Supreino
Court of the United States; and, moreover, that
the said Samuel Chase, then and there, under pre-
tence of exercising his judicial right to address the
said grand jury as aforesaid, did,in a manner highly
unwarrantable, endeavor to excite the odium ot the
said grand jury and of the good people of Maryland
against theGovernment of the United States, by de-
livering opinions which, even if the judioiary were
competent to their expression on a suitable occasion
and in a proper manner, were at that time, and as
delivered by him, highly indecent, extra-judicial, and
tending to prostitute the high judicial character with
which he was invested to the low purpose of ail elec-
tioneering partisan."
The first article against Humphreys was as
follows:
"JL'hat, regardless of his duties as a citizen of the
United States, and unmindful of the duties ot h!s said
office, and in violation of the sacred obligation of his
official oath, 'to administer justice without respect
to persons,'' and faithfully and impartially discharge
alt the duties incumbent upon hnn as judge of the
district court of the United States for the several dis-
tricts of the State of Tennessee, agreeable to the Con-
stitution and lavvs of the United States,' the said
West II. Humphreys, on the 29th day of December,
A.D. I860, in the city of Nashville, in said State, the
said West II. Humphreys then being a citizen of the
United States, and owing allegiance thereto, and
then and there being judge of the district court of
the U ni ted States for the several districts of said S tate,
at a public meeting on the day and year last afore-
said, held in said city of Nashville, and in the hear-
ing of divers persons then and there present, did en-
deavor by public speech to incite revoltandrebcllion
within said State against the Constitution aud Gov-
ernmentofthc UnitedStates, and did then and there
publicly declare that it was the right of the people
of said State, by an ordinance of secession, to absolve
themselvcb trom all allegiance to the Government of
the United States, the Constitution, and laws thereof."
The offense with which Humphreys is charged
in this article was committed on the 29th day
of December, 1800, before the fall of Sumter,
and when only one State had passed an ordi-
nance of secession. The declaration was merely
a declaration in a public speech that the State
of Tennessee liad the right to secede from the
Union.
The President, in his speech of the 18th of
August, I860, at Washington, says:
" We have witnessed in one department of the Gov-
ernment every etfort, as it were, to prevent the res-
toration of peace, harmony, and union; we have
seen, as it were, hanging upon the verge of the Gov-
ernment, as it were, a body catting or assuming to
be the Congress of the UnitedStates, when it was but
a Congress of a part of the States; we have seen Con-
gress a^uming to be tor the Union when evory step
they took was to perpetuate dissolution and make
dissolution permanent. We have seen every step
that has been taken, instead of bringing about rec-
onciliation and harmony, has been legislation that
took the character of penalties, retaliation, and re-
venge. This has been the course; this has been tlie
policy of one depaltment ot your Government."
These words have been repeated so frequently,
and the public ear is so much accustomed to
them, that they have apparently lost their in-
fluence upon the public mind. But it should
be observed that these words, as has been
proved by the experience of two years, were
but the expression of a fixed puipose of the
President. His design was to impair, to under-
mine, and, if possible, to destroy the influence
of Congress in the country. Having accom-
plished this result, the way would then have been
open to him for the prosecution of his crim-
inal design to reconstruct the Government in
the interest of the rebels, and, through his influ-
ence with them, to secure his own election to
the Presidency in 18(58. It must, however, be
apparent that the words in the speech of Mr.
Johnson are of graver import than the words
which were spoken by Judge Chase to the grand
jury at Baltimore, or those uttered by Judge
