1316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
reference to this matter if the condition of the
country had been such, in my judgment, as to
require it. TJpon principle it seemed to me
right that a majority of those voting upon this,
as well as every other question, should decide
it. I thought so then; I think so still; but I
make no charge of inconsistency upon anybody
else, nor of blundering against anybody else.
Those terms were not used by me. I made no
such insinuation against the Senator from New
York or anybody else.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Illinois, if he feels no unkindness
himself, seems to suppose that some feeling of
unkindness led me to say what I did. Not at
all, sir. My point was and my point is this:
some newspaper writer put at the Senator that
a number of weeks had elapsed with this par-
ticular bill lying before his committee and he
had not brought it forward. In responding to
that, the Senator without intention, as I as-
sume, made a statement clearly calculated to
show, if it showed anything, that, while the
Senator had been perfectly consistent through-
Out, his brother Senators, some of them, had
been very unfortunate, to say the least. I do not
think, as I said, the Senator intended to create
that impression ; but that was the fair deduc-
tion from his remarks ; and in so far it was a
contribution to this accusation which has been
made in the country of the blunder that we had
all committed.
Now, in response to that, I said, and I say
again, and the Senator will not gainsay it, that
the Senator from Illinois, the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, was, in committee, in
favor of this provision as we reported it. 'We
came here and stood by the bill, I believing,
for one, that I was expressing not only my own
judgment but his in the votes that I gave,
and never discovered the contrary until after
the Senator had voted with the rest of us upon
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts and then voted in a different direction
upon the amendment offered by the Senator
from Indiana. That is my proposition, and
that I say in the presence of the members of
the Judiciary Committee and in the presence
of the record of the Senator himself, who said
that he agreed to that provision in the bill in
committee—not merely that he agreed to re-
port the bill, but that he agreed to that partic-
ular provision. That was the fact; and there-
fore I say that in the judgment of all of us at
that time it was a good provision.
The Senator has read from my remarks
made at the time. I reiterate them. I say,
in my judgment, it was monstrous to propose
at that time to set all this machinery in motion,
and then to show that we were afraid to trust
ourselves to the issue of being able to get one
fourth of the registered population in favor of
reconstruction, for the bill never required a
majority of the registered votes. It required
simply that a majority of the registered votes
should be cast one way or the other, and that
of that half a majority should be controlling;
so that it need not necessarily have been the
expression of more than one fourth. I stand
by everything that I said in that regard; and,
while I impute nothing to the Senator by way
of intention, I repeat that I think his remarks
were calculated to create an injurious and an
incorrect impression as to the position which
the rest of us had held.
Mr. MOIiTON. I more that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust not. Let us go
on with the bill. I think the understanding
was that we should vote on this bill. The dis-
cussion that has sprung up this morning prob
ably will not continue.
Mr. MORTON. There are messages re-
ceived from the President which I think it
important for the Senate to consider without
naming them.
Mr. HOWARD. I think so, too ; and I
hope we shall go into executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. There can be no question
about it. Our executive session may be brief,
and then we can proceed with the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The understanding yes-
terday was that we should come to a vote on
this bill to-day. If we go into executive ses-
sion I apprehend we shall lose the benefit of
our understanding.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is of more import-
ance, in the judgment of the Senate, to pro-
ceed with business in executive session, of
course the Senate will so decide, and will not
be bound by any such understanding.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine
does not understand me as objecting to the
decision which the Senate shall come to. I
was only reminding the Senate that I thought
the understanding was to vote on this bill to-
day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So it was, if they
could get at it; but there may now be some-
thing else requiring attention at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senate will
carry out that understanding; but I certainly
shall acquiesce very cheerfully in the decision
of the Senate.
The motion of Mr. Morton was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
2:29) for the relief of Horace Smith and D. B.
Wesson, or their assigns.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
_ A bill (II. R. No. 658) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30,1867, and for other purposes ;
A hill (II. li. No. 780) for the relief of Mar-
tha M. Jones, administratrix of Samuel T.
Jones; and
A bill (II. R. No. 785) to revive an act to
constitute Hannibal, Missouri, and Peoria,
Illinois, ports of delivery.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business at half-past two o'clock,
and after seven hours spent in executive ses-
sion the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 21, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntoit.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
international copyright.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the joint Commit-
tee on the Library, by unanimous consent, re-
ported a bill (H. II. No. 779) for securing to
authors in certain cases the benefit of inter-
national copyright, advancing the development
of American literature and promoting the in-
terests of publishers and book-buyers in the
United States: which was read a first and
second time, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. \\ ASHBUIiNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
committed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRUYN, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to present and have printed the
views of the minority.
Washington's birthday.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. To-morrow will be the anniversary of the
birthday of Washington, and I move that when
the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
not. There are very many gentlemen who
want to make speeches, and I hope they will
have an opportunity to do so to-morrow.
Mr. WOOD. I accept that proposition instead
of my own, that to-morrow shall be devoted to
debate.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
MORNING HOUR.
The SPEAKER stated the morning hour
had commenced, and reports were in order
(this being private bill day) of cases of a pri-
vate character, beginning with the Committee
on Patents.
HORACE SMITH AND D. B. WESSON.
Mr. JENCKES, from the Committee on
Patents, reported back, without amendment,
Senate bill No. 229, for the relief of Horace
Smith and D. B. Wesson, or their assigns, with
a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill provides that Horace Smith and
D. B. Wesson, or their assigns, have leave to
make application to the Commissioner of Pat-
ents for an extension of the letters-patent for
improvement in repeating fire-arms issued to
said Horace Smith and D. B. Wesson for the
term of fourteen years from the 14th day of
February, 1854, and reissued oil the 10th day
of October of the same year, in the same man-
ner as if the petition for said extension had
been filed at least ninety days prior to the
expiration of said patent; and that the Com-
missioner be authorized to consider and de-
termine said application in the same manner
as if it had been filed ninety days before the
expiration of the said patent.
Mr. JENCKES. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
such a bill as this will not be put through under
the previous question.
Mr. JENCKES. If the gentleman wishes
an explanation I will withdraw the motion for
that purpose. This bill is simply for the pur-
pose of correcting a mistake of the patentees.
It enables them to proceed and preserve their
rights under the law in the same manner as if
the mistake had not been made. That mistake
was in registering an erroneous date in the
application for an extension, so that when they
came to file their application they found they
were within the limit in which the law prohibits
a petition being filed, that is to say, it was
sixty days before the expiration of the original
term of the patent, when the law requires it to
be ninety days before its expiration. This bill
simply allows the petitioners to go on before
the_Patent Office in the same manneras if the
petition bad been filed more than ninety days
before the expiration of the original term. Of
course the petitioners will have to give the
notice required by law. They have to make
out their case before they can have the exten-
sion to which they believe themselves to be
entitled. There is no mode of correcting the
mistake except by act of Congress. If no one
wishes to discuss the matter, I demand the
previous question.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 49, noes 24 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Spalding and Jenckes.
Ihe House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 67. noes 29.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and,
under the operation thereof, the bill was read
the third time.
. Mr. JENCKES. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SPxlLDING-. Is this an application
by an assignee?
Mr. J E.NCKES. No, sir; it is by the paten-
toes themselves.
Mr. SPALDING. Strikeout the word as-
signs and we will vote for it.
Mr. JENCKES. I have no objection to that.
It is intended for the patentees themselves.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. This is simply asking leave
for the patentee to file his application in the
