THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Humphreys to the people of Tennessee. And
yet the latter was convicted by a unanimous
vote of this Senate; and the former escaped
conviction by four votes only. These words
are of graver import, not merely in the circum-
stance that they assail a department of the Gov-
ernment, but in the circumstance that they were
uttered by the President of the United States
in the Executive Mansion, and in his capacity
as President of the United States, when receiv-
ing the congratulations and support of a portion
of the people of the country, tendered to him
in his office as Chief Magistrate. Judge Chase,
although a high officer of the Government, was
without political influence and without patron-
age; his personal and official relations were
limited, and his remarks were addressed to the
grand jury of a judicial district of the country
merely.
Judge Humphreys was comparatively un-
known ; and although his words were calculated
to excite the citizens of Tennessee, and induce
them to engage in unconstit.utifmal undertak-
ings, his influence was limited measurably to
the people of that State.
Mr. Johnson addressed the whole country;
and holding in his hands the immense patron-
age and influence belonging to the office of
President, he was able to give practical effect
to the declarations he then made. The nature
of the respondent's offense is illustrated by the
law in reference to the duty of officers and
soldiers of the Army, although the law is not
applicable to the President:
" Any officer or soldier who shall usccontemptuous
or disrespectful words against tbo President of the
United States, against the Vice President thereof,
against the Congress of the United States, shall be
cashiered or otherwise punished, as a court-martial
shall direct."-Statutes-at-Largc, vol. 2, p. -360, April
10,1806.
Moreover, in the case of Judge Chase, as is
stated by Mr. Dane in his '• Abridgment/'
(vol. 7, chap, 222:)
"On the whole evidence it remained in douht what,
words he did utter. The proof of seditions intent
rested solely on the wolds themselves; and as the
word- were nut clearly proved the intent was in
doubt."
~ In the case of Mr. J olinson there is no doubt
about the words uttered; they have been fully
and explicitly proved. Indeed, they are not
denied by the respondent. The unlawful in-
tent with which be uttered the words not only
appears from the character of the language
employed, but it is proved by the history of
his Administration. Jn bis message of the 22d
of June, 1806, relating to the constitutional
amendment, in his annual message of Decem-
ber. 1866, and in numerous other declarations,
he has questioned and substantially denied the
legality of the Congress of the United States.
In the trial of Judge Chase it was admitted
by the respondent "that for a judge to utter
seditious sentiments with intent to excite sedi-
tion woul d be an impeachable offense." (Dane's
Abridgment, vol. 7, chap. 222.) And this not
under the act known as the " sedition act;"
for that had been previously repealed; but
upon the general principle that an officer whose
duty it is to administer the law has no right to
use language calculated to stir up resistance to
the law. If this be true of a judge, with
stronger reason it is true of the President of
the United States, that he should set an exam-
ple of respect for all the departments of the
Governmentand ofreverence forand obedience
to the laws of the land.
The speeches made by the Presidentat Cleve-
land and St. Louis, which have been proved
and ate found in the record of the case, con-
tain numerous passages similar in character to
that extracted from his speech of the 18th of
August, 1806. and all calculated and designed
to i mpair th c just aul hority of Congress. W hile
these declarations have not been made the
basis of substantive charges in the articles of
impeachment, they furnish evidence of the un-
lawful intent of the President in his utterance
of the 18th of August, and also of the fact that
that utterance was not due to any temporary
excitement or transient purpose which passed
away with the occasion which had called it
forth. It was a declaration made in accord-
ance with a fixed design, which had obtained
such entire control of his nature that whenever
he addressed public assemblies he gave expres-
sion to it. The evidence which has been sub-
mitted by the respondent bearing upon the
tenth article indicates a purpose, in argument,
to excuse the President upon the ground that
the remarks of the people stimulated, irritated,
and excited him to such an extent that he was
not wholly responsible for what he said. If
this were true, it would exhibit great weakness
of character ; but as a matter of fact it is not
true. The taunts and gibes of the people served
only to draw from him those declarations which
were in accord with the purposes of his life.
This is shown by the fact that all his political
declarations made at Cleveland and at St. Louis,
though made under excitement, are in entire
harmony with the declarations made by him in
the East Room of the Executive Mansion, on
the 18th of August, 1806, when he was free
from any disturbing influence, and expressed
himself with all the reserve of which his nature
is capable.
The blasphemous utterances at St. Louis
cannot be aggravated by me. nor can they be
extenuated by anything which counsel for the
respondent can offer. They exhibit the char-
actor of the speaker.
Upon these facts thus proved and the views
presented we demand the conviction of the
respondent of the misdemeanors charged in
the tenth article.
Article eleven sets forth that the object, of the
Presidentin most of the offenses alleged in the
preceding articles was to prevent the execution
of the act passed March 2, 1807, entitled, "An
act for the more efficient government of the rebel
States." It is well known, officially and pub-
licly, that on the 29th of May, 1805, Mr. Johnson
issued a proclamation for the reorganization
of the government of North Carolina, and that
that proclamation was followed by other proc-
lamations, issued during the next four months,
for the government, of the several States which
had been engaged in the rebellion. Upon the
death of Mr. Lincoln Mr. Johnson entered
upon the office of President in a manner which
indicated that., in his judgment, he had been
long destined to fill the place, and that the
powers of the office were to be exercised by
him without regard to the other departments
of the Government., in his proclamation ot
the 2'.)th of May, and in all the proclamations
relating to the same subject, he had assumed
that in his office as President he was the
" United States," for the purpose of deciding
whether, under the Constitution, the govern-
ment of a State was republican in form or not;
although by a decision of the Supreme Comt
it is declared that this power is specially vested
in the two Houses of Congress. In these proc-
lamations he assumed, without authority of
law, to appoint, and he did appoint, Governors
of the several States thus organized. In fine,
between the 29th of May, 1865, and the assem-
bling of Congress in December of that year,
he exercised sovereign power over the terri-
tory and people of the eleven States that had
been engaged in the rebellion.
On the assembling of Congress in the month
of December he informed the Senate and House
of Representatives that the Union was restored,
and that nothing remained for the two Houses
but severally to accept as Senators and Repre-
sentatives such loyal men as had been elected
by the Legislatures and people of the several
States. Congress refused to ratify or to recog-
nize those proceedings upon the part of the
President as legal or proper proceedings, and
from that time forward he has been engaged in
various projects for the purpose of preventing
the reconstruction of the Union on any other
plan than that which he had inaugurated. In
the execution of this design he attempted to
deprive Congress of the confidence of the peo-
ple of the country ; hcnce it was that, among
other things, on the 18th day of August, 1806,
at the city of Washington, as set forth in the
tenth and eleventh articles, he did in a public
speech declare and affitmrn substance that the
Thirty-Ninth Congress of the' Unitfed States
was not a Congress authorized by the1 Consti-
tution to exercise legislative power under the
same; but, on the contrary, was a,'Congress
of only a part of the States. ' -* ! ''
In the further execution of his purpose to
prevent the reconstruction of the Union upon
any plan except that which he had inaugurated,
he attempted to prevent the ratificationAy the
several States of the amendment to thetJon-
stitution known as article fourteen. By the .
Constitution the President has no powev:'to
participate in amendments or in propositions
for amendments thereto ; yet, availing himself
of the circumstance of the passage of a resolu-
tion by the House of Representatives on the
18th day of June, 1866, requesting the Presi-
dent to submit to the Legislatures of the several
States the said additional article to the Con-
stitution of the United States, he sent to the
Senate and House of Representatives a message
in writing, in which he says :
"Even in ordinary times any question of amend-
ing the Constitution must bo justly regarded as of
paramount importance. This importance is at the
present time enhanced by tbo fact that the joint
resolution was not submitted by the two Houses for
the approval of the President, and that of the thirty-
six States which constitute tbe Union eleven are
excluded from representation in either House of
Congress, although, with the single exception of
Texas, they have been entirely restored to all their
functions as States, in conformity with the organic
law nf the land, and have appeared at tho national
Capitol by Senators and Representatives who have
applied for and have been refused admission to the
vacant scats. Nor have the sovereign people of the
nation been Afforded an opportunity of expressing
their views upon tho important questions which the
amendment involves. Grave doubts, therefore, may
naturally and justly arise as to whether tho action
of Congress is in harmony with the sentiments of
the people, and whothor State Legislatures, elected
without reference to such an issue, should be called
upon by Congress to decide respecting the ratification
of the proposed amendment."
ITo also says:
"A proper appreciation of tho letter and spirit of
tho Constitution, as well as of tho interests of na-
tional order, harmony, and union, and a due defer-
ence for an enlightened public judgment, may at
this time well suggest a doubt whether any amend-
ment to the Constitution ought to be proposed by
Congress and pressed upon ihe Legislatures of the
seveial States for final decision until after the ad-
mission of such loyal Semi tors and Representatives
of the now unrepresented States as have been, or as
may hereafter be, chosen in conformity with the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States."
This message was an extra-official proceed-
ing, inasmuch as his agency in tho work of
amending tho Constitution is not required;
and it was also a very clear indication of an
opinion on his part that, inasmuch as the eleven
States were not represented, the Congress of
the United States had no power to act in the
matter of amending the Constitution.
The proposed amendment to the Constitu-
tion contained provisions which were to be
made the basis of reconstruction. Tho laws
subsequently passed by Congress recognize the
amendment as essential to the welfare and safety
of the Union. It is alleged in the eleventh arti-
cle that one of tho purposes of tho President
in t,ho various unlawful acts charged in the
several articles of impeachment, and proved
against him, was to prevent the execution of
the act entitled "An act for the more efficient
government of tho rebel States," passed March
2, 1867. In the nature of the case it has not
been easy to obtain testimony upon this point,
nor upon any other point touching the miscon-
ductand crimes of the President. His declara-
tionsand his usurpations of power have rendered
a large portion of the officeholders of the country
for the time being subservient to his purposes ;
they have been ready to conceal and reluctant
to communicate any evidence calculated to im-
plicate the President. His communications
with the South have been generally, and it
may be said almost exclusively, with the men
who had participated in the rebellion, and who
are now hoping for final success through his
aid. They have looked to him as their leader,
by whose efforts and agency in the office of
President of the United States they were either
to accomplish the objects for which the war
was undertaken, or at least to secure a resto-
