1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2841
here to protect the reputation of the managers
whom they alone elected to represent the
House in this trial.
Mr. BROOKS. With a word or two more,
I propose to call the previous question, unless
some gentleman on the other side may desire
to put some question to me. In the letter
addressed by Chauncey F. Black to the Presi-
dent, which I will read again, is a collocation
of names to which I wish to call the attention
of'the House, showing that it was intended to
influence the President from the very colloca-
tion of the names of the managers:
"Mr. President, I have heretofore handed you a
letter embracing the opinions ot Generals Butler,
Logan, and Garfield in respcet to our claims to
.A ta Vela. Please find herewith a eopy of the same,
with the concurrence ofThaddeus Stevens, John
A. Bingham, J. G. Blaise, J. K. Moorhead, and
AVilliam Kooxtz."
In the letter, as signed, the name of Mr.
Stevens occurs after those of Mr. Koontz
and Mr. Moorhead, and the name of John A.
Bingham is signed last; but in the collocation
of the names in the communication addressed
by the counsel in this case to the President the
names of the managers, Messrs. Stevens and
Bingim w, are taken out of their original places
and put before the names of others who are
not managers, showing an intent and design
through the counsel in this case to influence
the President.
One word further and I am done. I again
ask the House for what other purpose than to
influence the President were the names of four
managers, a majority of those managers, se-
lected for special prominence and those of no
others? Why do we find put forward the name
of the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens, J whom I now see before me, the
ruler of this end of the Government, the auto-
crat, the dictator, thegreatpowerand authority
in this country, before whom all other authori-
ties must bow—the Jupiter Tonans not only
of this House, but of the Republican party in
this country—the man having power to over-
awe riot only the Supreme Court of the United
States, but the Senate of the United States?
Why was his name taken from among those of
many other gentlemen and sent to the Presi-
dent of the United States if not to influence
and control him? 1 wish that the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
would avail himself of an opportunity to answer
this question.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was not seconded ;
there being—ayes 24, noes 75.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
move the amendment I indicated, to strikeout
all of the resolution after the word " Re-
solved/' and insert these words : " That con-
sent is given to the managers and any other
members of the House to be heard on any
question of personal explanation connected
with the trial of the impeachment of Andrew
Johnson."
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not want
it to be understood that I rise in obedience to
any order or requirement of the House that I
should answer for anything I have done; for,
sir, I have done nothing but what I would do
again. If the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] is serious in bringing this matter
before the House, if he is honest, if he is truly
a gentleman, then I will say to him that he
would not offer this resolution did he under-
stand the facts as he professes to understand
them. What are the facts? What is this
grave and serious charge which the gentleman
from New York has made against a portion of
the managers on the part of the House? What
crimes have we committed? Of what offenses
have we been guilty against the law or against
the well-being of the people of this country,
that the gentleman should seek to arraign us
at the bar of this House V From him nought
else could have been expected than what he
has done. The only defense that has been
made for the greatest criminal this country has
ever known has been just such a defense as is
pretended to be made by those gentlemen who
have taken the floor here this evening, villain-
ously attacking men who are as honest—-
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the remark of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] is not parliamentary.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, I withdraw the word.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman must keep
within the rales. I shall call him to order
every time he transgresses them.
Mr. LOGAN. I am much obliged to the
gentleman.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have the right to do it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist that the gentle-
man from Illinois shall take his seat, and that
the disorderly language shall be reduced to
writing.
Mr. LOGAN. I have withdrawn the offen-
sive word.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But I understand the
gentleman's taunt.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin makes his point too late.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No business has trans-
pired since the language was used.
The SPEAKER. There has been discussion
between the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] and the gentleman from Indiana. [,\Ir.
Nibi.ack.] The point must be made imme-
diately.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw the word "vil-
lainously," but will still use the word "attack-
ing," if that will suit the gentlemen. I pre-
sume they will not object to it, for it does
seem to me an attack—a combined, precon-
certed attack—arranged, however, not in this
House, for I have understood that it was ar-
ranged before. I was notified this thing would
bo done. I expected it would be done. I
could have expected nothing else from gen-
tlemen who have the honor of this country at
stake, as they say they have ; gentlemen who
have voted against impeachment all the time.
Nobody would have expected anything else.
They wanted something on which to hang
speeches to send before the country. They
want to attack the reputation and character of
some of the managers, who, I presume, stand
equally as high as they do themselves ; I will
not say higher, but equally as high. They de-
sire to"bring them into disrepute, if they can,
before the country.
But I will say this to the gentlemen : so far
as I am concerned, I care nothing for these
attacks. So far as I am concerned I can ex-
pect nothing else. I have never received any-
thing else at the hands of these gentlemen except
attacks, and I do not expect ever to receive
anything else at their ha.nds. Certainly, I never
expect to receive kindness at their hands. But
this attack made on this letter, this great bug-
aboo, this grand discovery made by some gen-
tleman, was thrown into an argument in the
Senate by a gentleman who is one of the attor-
neys of the President, dragged into an argu-
ment where it had nothing to do, when it was
not in evidence and no part or parcel of the
case whatever, suggested. 1 presume, from the
fruitful brain and imagination of the President
or .somebody else.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. LOGAN. Why, certainly.
Mr. PHELPS. Did the gentleman from
Illinois hear, or not having heard, did he read,
the argument of his colleague, [Mr. Boutell?]
Mr. LOGAN. I did.
Mr. PHELPS. In thatargument he charged
upon the President that he had been aban-
doned by one of his counsel, Judge Black, the
counsel for the claimants in this case; and it
was in reply to that statement- that this was
brought in.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that perfectly;
and this letter had nothing in the world to do
with the statement of Governor Boutweli.,
and had no connection with the case, and I
will show the House that it had not.
But I was going to remark that it reminded
me of a young man that I heard of once who,
in his youthful days, thought he had made a
great discovery; and in that, I presume, he
was like the gentleman from New York. He
went to visit the Mammoth Cave. He stood
there in front of it for some time, gating in
wonder and astonishment, and he commenced
talking about the grandeur of it, and ex-
claimed:
"Great God Almighty, whataspotl
In summer cold, in winter hot.
Powers above, Great God, I wonder,
General Jackson, hades and thunder."
The discovery on the part of that young man
was like the discovery which the gentleman
has made. What is it? When this matter
was up in the Senate I said that I had done
naught but what I would do again ; nor have
I. What did we do ? General Bctixr wrote
a letter to Colonel J. W. Shaffer, of Illinois,
an old acquaintance of mine and a gentleman,
too, stating that he thought the Government
of the United States had a right to exercise
its authority over the island of Alta Vela and
to protect its citizens there under the laws of
this country. That was all. It was an opinion
which he gave to Colonel Shaffer. I said I
concurred in that opinion. I would do the
very same thing this day. That is our offense,
and that is all. I did not sign it for the Pres-
ident; I did not direct it to the President; I
did not expect the President would ever see
it. The first T heard of it was when the Pres-
ident, before Mr. BotmvErx bad said a word,
published this letter in the New York Herald,
as he is in the habit of doing every letter which
falls into his hands. I signed that letter giving
a mere opinion as to the rights of this Gov-
ernment. When the gentleman from New
York says that it is a claim for a million dol-
lars, that is not true, and he knows it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to the words of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.}
The SPEAKER. The words will be taken
down, and the Chair will rule upon them.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, I will withdraw them.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I submit that it is too
late for that to be done.
Mr. LOGAN. I will substitute the words
" or ought to have known it."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist that the Chair
shall rule upon the words objected to by me.
The SPEAKER. The words having been
taken down, will now be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"That is not true, and ho knows it."
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that those
words are not unparliamentary. If the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] had made
use of opprobrious words sometimes used, but
which the Chair will not repeat, he would have
been out of order. But any gentleman has the
right to say that a proposition is not true, and
possibly that the one making it knew it was
not true. The Chair thinks the words^ used
i may bo severe, but they are not offensive in
! that sense in which it is forbidden to members
to use offensive language toward their fellow-
' members, and did not seem to be uttered in an
offensive tone.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Elduidgk,] from some reason or
other, is always very nervous when I am on
the floor; perhaps because I pay so littlo at-
tention to what he says. I said the statement
made by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] was not true, and that he knew it.
if it will be more agreeable to him, I will say
that he ought to know it.
Now, why ought he to know it? There is
no claim in this Alta Vela matter against this
Government for one cent. If the gentleman
knows anything about it. he knows there is no
claim against the Government. He knows
that statement is not true, or he ought to know
it. He knows that this lelterdid not affect, the
claim ; or, if he did not know it, he is as igno-
rant as a man can be. And he certainly is not
ignorant; at least no one would think so, from
the amount of talk he gives us occasionally.
Now, what is it? It is not a claim. Ill©
statement is not true that we recommended a
claim. I will not say that the statement was
made knowing it was untrue. But it has been
