1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
isif
Patent Office, which he would have filed if he
had not made a mistake as to the time when
the application should be made.
Mr. SPALDING. We understand the mis-
take ; but we want the application made in the
name of the patentee and not the assignee.
Mr. DAWES. Why should it not be accord-
ing to their own arrangement?
Mr. SPALDING. Because we do not think
it proper to give it to the assignee.
Mr. DAWES. The rule of the Patent Office
and the law permit the patentee to assign his
invention to another and have the patent issued
in his name.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not like to encour-
age speculation.
Mr. DA.WES. A word further. Every man
has a right to apply to the Patent Office for an
extension of his patent, but he must apply
ninety days before the expiration of the ori-
ginal term. This patent was marked on the
outside with the date of one of two patents
expiring at a particular day. The parties took
that for their guide, not looking at the inside,
and consqeuently failed to make their applica-
tion in time. There were two patents, one of
which expired before that time. All they ask
is what was granted in the last Congress half
a dozen times, leave to file an application
which they would have been by law allowed
to file if they had not made this mistake as to
the date.
Mr. UPSON. At what time did the patent
expire?
Mr. DAWES. I have not the exact date.
The application was filed only a few days too
late.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
inquire if these parties have not already had the
benefit of the patent laws as every other man has ?
Mr. DAWES. No; they have not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Not at all?
Mr. DAWES. No ; they have had the bene-
fit of the first issue.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
enough.
Mr. DAWES. They have not had the bene-
fit of the extension which the law allows.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then let
the law be repealed and let everybody come in.
Why this special legislation ?
Mr. DAWES. This is to correct a mistake.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
whole thing be wiped out.
Mr. DAWES. Would you not correct a
mistake ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know whether I would or not.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I would.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
report of the Committee on Patents be read.
The report was read. It sets forth the fol-
lowing facts: On the 14th of February, 1854,
letters-patent were issued to Horace Smith and
Daniel B. Wesson for an improvement in fire-
arms,which letters were shortly afterward sur-
rendered and canceled, and new letters issued
to them, on an amended specification, on the
10th of October, 1854, and were subsequently
assigned to the Winchester Repeating Arms
Company, who are now the sole and exclusive
owners thereof. Subsequently to that assign-
ment O. F.Winchester, president of said com-
pany, forthe purpose of seeingreadily when said
letters-patent would expire, indorsed upon the
same "expires October 10, 1868," supposing
the same to have been issued October 10,1854,
the date of the reissue, and inadvertently over-
looking the date of the original issue of Feb-
ruary 14, 1854. The said letters-patent had
not been, until recently, remunerative; and
when application was made to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for the renewal of the same
it was discovered that they would expire on the
14th of February, 1868, and not on the 10th
day of October, 1868, as was indorsed on the
same, and that it was too late to file the appli-
cation for such extension " at least ninety days
before the expiration thereof," as required by
law.
The committee report that the letters-paten
have not been remunerative, but are capable
of being made so, and that there was no neg-
ligence on the part of their owners in making
an application for a renewal.
Mr. JENCICES. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bilk
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 38, not voting
C3 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Atnes, Anderson, Archer, Arnell,
Delos It. Ashley, Axteil, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Barnes, Barnum.Beek, Blair,Boutwell, Boyer,Burr,
Butler, Cary, Chanler, Churchill, Coburn, Cook, Cor-
nell, Cullom, Dawes, Eckley, Eldridge, Eliot, Fer-
riss, Getz, Slossbrenner, Golladay, Gravely, Grover,
Ilaight, higby. Hill, Hotclikiss, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Kelley,
Kelsey, Kerr, Knott, Laflin, Lincoln, Loughridge,
Lynch, Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, McClurg, MeCor-
mick, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Mormsey,
Mullins, Mungen, Myers, Neweomb, Nunri, Paine,
Perham, Peters, Phelps,Plants, Poland, Pruyn, Saw-
yer, Sitgreaves, Starkweather, Stokes, Stone, Taylor,
Twichell. Van Aernam, Van Auken, Ward, William
B. Washburn, Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson,
Wood, and Woodward—88
NAYS—Messrs. James M.Ashley, Beaman, Beatty,
Bingham, Broomall, Buckland, Cobb, Covodo, Eg-
gleston.Parnsworth,Ferry,Hawkins, Holman, Hop-
kins,Chester D. Ilubbaid, Judd, Julian, Ketcham,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Orlh, Pile,
Polslcy, Price, Raum, Ross, Scofield, Spalding, TafFe,
Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
James P. Wilson, and Woodbridge—38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Bailey,
Benjamin. Benton, Blaine, Bromwell, Brooks, Cake,
Reader \V. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly,Driggs,Ela, Fiolds, Finney, Pox, Garfield,
Griswold, Halsey,Harding,Hooper, Asahel W.Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kitchen,Koontz,
Loan, Logan. Maynard, McCarthy, McCullotigh,
Moigan, Morrell, Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Pike,
Pomeroy, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Schenck,
Solye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Aaron 3?. Ste-
vens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Taber, Thomas,
John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, RobertT. Van
Horn, Van Trump, Cadwaladcr C.Washburn, Wil-
liam Williams, Stephen P. Wilson, andWindom—63.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARTHA M. JONES.
Mr. JENCKES, from the Committee on
Patents, also reported a bill (H. R. No. 780)
for the relief of Martha M. Jones, administra-
trix of Samuel T. Jones, deceased ; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The preamble
states that the Commissioner of Patents on the
23d of February, 1866, on the petition of Mar-
tha M. Jones, administratrix of the estate of
Samuel T. Jones, deceased, extended for the
period of seven years from the 2#th of Febru-
ary, 1866, letters-patent of the United States
granted to Samuel T. Jones on the 24th of
February, 1852, for an invention in the man-
ufacture of white oxide of zinc, for which let-
ters-patent were granted to him by the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain on the 23d of July,
1850 ; yet doubts exist as to the power of the
Commissioner of Patents to grant the said ex-
tension of the expiration after fourteen years
from the date of the foreign letters-patent.
The bill provides that the said extension- of
the letters-patent of the United States for seven
years from and after the expiration of fourteen
years from the date of said foreign letters-pat-
ent shall be valid and binding ; and the power
of the Commissioner of Patents to make the
same is in all respects affirmed, and the said
letters-patent of the United States are hereby
declared to be, and to have been, by force of
the certificate of extension thereon indorsed,
duly extended for the period of seven years
from the 23d of July, 1864.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has this
bill been printed ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. JENCKES. Let the report be read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will not press this bill until it is
printed.
Mr. JENCKES. I think I can explain it,
after the report has been read, to satisfy evea
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
b0rne.]
The report was read. It states that Samuel
T. Jones, deceased, a citizen of the United
States, obtained letters-patent of the United
States bearing^ date 24th of February, 1852,
for the invention of an improvement in the
manufacture of white oxide of zinc ; that he
died in 1858, during the term of his original
patent; that the petitioner, his widow and ad-
ministratrix, made application for an extension
of said letters-patent in due season under the
law, prior to the expiration of the original
term ; that after a full hearing of the merits
of the application before the Commissioner of
Patents an extension of said letters-patent was
granted by him for a further term of seven years
from the 24th of February, 1866; that after
the grantingof said extension, itwas disoovered
that the said Samuel T. Jones, in his lifetime,
and prior to obtaining letters-patent of the
United States for the said invention, had ob-
tained letters-patent in England for the same
invention on the 23d of July, 1850, which fact
was unknown to the petitioner, and, so far as
can be ascertained, to all parties interested for
or against the extension of said patent and to
the Commissioner of Patents ; that in conse-
quence of the existence of the said English
patent, of a date prior to the American patent,
doubts have arisen whether the Commissioner
had jurisdiction over the application for said
extension at the time when it was filed, heard,
and granted as aforesaid, by reason of the pro-
visions of an act in addition to the act to pro-
mote the progress of the useful arts, approved
March 3, 1839, which required that when a
patentee in this country has obtained foreign
letters-patent of prior date for the same inven-
tion the American patent shall be limited to the
term of fourteen years from the date of the
publication of the foreign letters-patent; that
the whole value of said extension is thereby in
danger of being lost to said petitioner. Being
satisfied of the value of the invention to the
public, and of the propriety of its extension to
the petitioner by the Commissioner ; and also
being satisfied that the failure to refer to the
foreign letters-patent was entirely through
inadvertence and mistake, and not with the
intent to secure the benefit of the protection
of an American patent for a longer period than
the patentee was entitled to, the Committee
on Patents recommend the passage of the ac-
companying bill validating the extension of the
letters-patent and limiting the term thereof to
the period to which it should have been limited,
according to the provisions of the act of March
3, 1839.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to have some explanation of this bill.
Mr. JENCKES. This is a bill to correct®
mistake which was purely accidental. The
committee was satisfied that the original pat-
entee had made a very valuable invention-for
the manufacture of the white oxide of zittc.
As was natural, he went first to that country
where this manufacture was carried on to the
greatest extent and there took out his patent.
He went to England, and in the year 1850 ob-
tained a patent there for his invention and put
it into successful practice. He soon after re-
turned to this country and made application
here for a patent for the same invention; and
in 1852 letters-patent were issued to him from
the United States Patent Office. Those letters-
patent were regularly issued, and are upon
their face for the term of fourteen years from
the date of their issue. A few years afterward
the patentee died. When fourteen years from
1852 had expired his widow and administra-
trix made application to the Patent Office for
an extension for the term of seven years, to
which she was entitled under the law, if the
