1318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
invention was genuine and was valuable to the
public. After a severe contest that extension
was granted ; but neither at the time of grant-
ing that extension nor at the time of granting
the original letters-patent was it known to the
Commissioner of Patents that letters-patent
had been granted in England prior to the date
of the letters-patent issued here. If that fact
had been known it would have been the dutv
of the Commissioner to antedate the American
patent to the date of the English patent. He
did not do so. It was proved conclusively to
the Commissioner that the fact was not known
to the petitioner here, the administratrix of
the inventor. Hence, the extension was for
the term of seven years from 1852. The act
of March 3, 1839, provides that where a patent
has been granted in a foreign country previous
to the application for a patent in this country,
the American patent shall bear the same date
as the foreign patent, and the original term
shall be for fourteen years from the date of the
foreign patent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill is
not printed, and v;e cannot get anything like a
perfect understanding of it from the reading
of it in this confusion. I desire the gentleman
from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] to state
whether the bill is not ex post facto in its
operation 
Mr. JENCKES. Not in the least.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. And whether
the patentee or his representatives will not be
able to collect back royalty for two years.
Mr. JENCKES. Not at all.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
bill will be read again.
Mr. JENCKES. If the gentleman will listen
a moment he will find all his objections an-
swered. I can make an explanation which
certainly ought to satisfy the gentleman. This
petitioner, in order to protect her rights, was
compelled to enter into litigation against in-
fringers who had commenced the use of this
invention after the death of her husband and
during the term for which the patent had been
extended. She was then for the first time
advised, by the course taken in the defense,
that the infringers would take the ground that
the Commissioner of Patents had no jurisdic-
tion over the application for the extension,
because it was not filed within fourteen years
from I860, the date of the English patent,
although it was filed within fourteen years from
1852, the date when the American letters pat-
ent were issued. This question has never
received the decision of the courts. It arose
in the celebrated telegraph case of Morse vs.
O'Reilly; and the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States avoided its decision by saying that
the patent, whether rightfully issued or not,
was in effect during the time for which the
infringement was claimed in that ease, and
that, therefore, that question was not neces-
sarily involved in the decision. But this point
in regard to the jurisdiction of the Commis-
sioner does not appear to have been taken in
that case at all. The point rests upon the
provision of the patent law that no patent
shall be extended after the term for which it
was originally granted. This patent was not
extended after the term for which itwas origin-
ally granted, but was extended after the expi-
ration of the tenn to which by law it shall
have been limited. It is within the letter of
one provision of the statute and within the
spirit of the other, although not within its
letter.
Now, this petitioner comes here and says,
"Pass an act validating my patent exactly as
it should have been at the outset-, and as it
should have been when the extension was
granted, and I will surrender two years of the
time for which. I hold letters-patent; I relinquish
the claim for the antecedent time and take the
patent for the term for which, under the law,
it ought to have been granted originally.
That is the effect of the bill, and it is a just and
meritorious measure.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand the gentleman to say that this {)ill will
have no retroactive effect.
Mr. JENCKES. None whatever.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. JENCKES. It cuts off one end of the
term.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman object to inserting in the bill a pro-
viso, that it shall not have any retroactive
effect?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly I will consent to
a proviso that it shall not have any effect from
1850 to 1852; that is all it can be necessary to
guard against.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I ask the
gentleman how much this would add to every
pound of zinc bought by the people?
Mx-. CITANLEIi. It gives it to the people
two years sooner and diminishes the price two
years sooner.
Mr. JENCKES. If the gentleman will send
the bill here I will add the proviso.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to add the follow-
ing proviso :
Provided, This act shall not operate daring the
period between tho date of the English patent and
the dato of the original American patent.
I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
'The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a tiiird time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. JENCKES. I now call for the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Tue previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CULLOM. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
UNIFORM SMALL COINS.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 781) to establish a
uniform system of coins ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures, and
ordered to be printed.
MONTANA TOST RODTK.
Mr. CAVANAUGH, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 782) to provide
for mail service between Fort Abererombie,
Dakota Territory, and Helena, in Montana
Territory; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
RAILROAD LANDS.
Mr. HOPKINS entered a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which House bill No. 767, to
regulate the disposition of lands that may be
hereafter granted to aid in the construction of
railroads, was recommitted to the Committee
on Public Lands.
SAMUEL PIERCE.
Mr. PETERS, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported a biH (II. R. No. 783) for the
relief of Samuel Pierce; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill provides that letters-patent here-
tofore granted to Samuel Pierce on the 6th
December, 1845, for improvement in stoves,
and which was subsequently extended for the
term of seven years 6th December, 1850, by
the Commissioner of Patents, and which was
reissued in two patents on the 3d Decem-
ber, 1860, numbered 136 and 137, so far as
and to the extent of the improvement de-
scribed and claimed in said reissued letters-
patent No. 130, shall be extended for the
term of seven years, commencing Oth Decem-
ber, 1866, and ending on the Oth December,
1878, for the benefit of said Samuel Pierce
and his heirs and legal representatives, upbn
the condition hereinafter set forth. The Com-
missioner of Patents is directed upon the pre-
sentation of said patent, or in case of loss
of a duly certified copy thereof, and the pay-
ment of the fees and charges provided by law,
to extend said patent by making a certificate
thereon of such extension in the usual manner
in cases of extension by said Commissioner in
the name of said Samuel Pierce, if, in his
judgment upon full hearing, the same should
be granted. The Commissioner is further
directed to cause said extension, if perfected,
to be entered upon the records of the Patent
Office.
It is further directed the said patent so ex-
tended shall have the same effect as if ori-
ginally granted for the term extending to the
end of the term to which it is extended by this
act; provided, however, that said extended
patent shall be open to legal inquiry and de-
cision in the same manner as if issued under
the general law in relation to patents. Ifc is
provided, further, that all persons enjoying the
lawful use of the improvement secured by said
patent, and the purchases of any article made
under said patent, may continue to use the
same as if this act had not been passed. And
it is still further provided, that all persons who
shall have purchased said improvement after
the 6th December, 1866, and before the day
of the extension of said patent, shall be enti-
tled to use the same without license under said
patent, and that all persons who shall have
made use of said patent between the time of
its expiration and its extension shall be re-
lieved from all liability therefor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Read the
report.
Mr. PETERS. I demand the previous ques-
tion ; after it is seconded the report can be
read.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have the
right to have the report read.
The SPEAKER. Under what rule?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The uni-
versal rule that members of the House are not
required to vote until they can hear reports
read.
The SPEAKER. There is no rule author-
izing the demand for the reading of a report
if the gentleman who has charge of a bill
demands the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the previous question will not be seconded.
This is voting through these patents on the
double quick. We do not know how much we
are taxing our constituents.
Mr. PETERS. I will inform the gentleman
how much we are taxing them if the previous
question is seconded.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 41, noes 32: no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered: and the Chairappointed
Messrs. Peters and Washburxe. of Illinois.
Mr. CHANLER. I understand there is an
impression that there are two reports on this
bill. There is only one.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If there
is only one we want that read.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 48, noes 50.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The SPEAKER. _ The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over till Friday
next.
FRAUDULENT MAIL CONTRACTS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before
the House the following letter from the Post-
master _ General, in regard to a matter dis-
cussed in the House yesterday:
Post Office Department, February 21,18<>8.
Sir: I have just read with astonishment a detail
o£ some testimony in the Daily Globe tending to im-
plicate me in a fraudulent connivance in letting
contracts for carrying southern mails. I never heaxa
