4390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
Mr. POMEROY. That is the ease to which
I supposed he alluded, tie has "not been upon
the pay- roll of the State Department for months
and months. , . , ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And the
office has been abolished.
Mr. KELSEY. How long has he been off
the pay-roll of the State Department ?
Mr. POMEROY. Since the commencement
of the session. I inquired, and was told that he
was not on the pay-roll.
Mr. KELSEY. That is different from the
information I have on the subject.
Mr. POMEROY. I know it was months
and months ago.
Mr. KELSEY. That is different from the
information 1 have on the subject.. 1 was
informed that two months ago this person was
oil the pay-roll of the State Department, nom-
inally in charge of this work of preparing
commercial statistics, receiving $2,000 a year
and performing no service whatever. Iff am
wrong I shall be happy to be corrected.
Mr. POMEROY. The gentleman he refers
to was absent working, or pretending to work,
on half pay. He is now not upon the pay-roll.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. However
that may be we have abolished him and his
office.
Mr. KELSEY. That is an answer to my
question.
Mr. WELKER. What is the necessity for
tlie employment of these extra clerks?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In the
State Department?
Mr. WELKER. In either Department.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. From
the State Department the request comes to us
in the most urgent form on account of the
duties put upon that Department by Congress.
Tliey say tliey cannot get along with the pres-
ent, force of clerks. This is not for new clerks
to be employed. Under the appropriation bills
we cut off a portion of the present force, and
tliey insist tliey cannot get along without these
temporary clerks with the extra duty put upon
them. 1 demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main quest ion ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. KOONTZ. I ask unauimous consent
to report a bill from the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
Mr. BALDWIN. I demand the regular
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to say this, and I wish the House would hear
me. There is a Senate bill upon the Speaker's
table which it is imperatively necessary should
pass at once. It extends the revenue laws
over the newly acquired Alaska purchase. The
valuable portion of that purchase is St. Paul's
Island, the only home of the fur-bearing seal
in tlie world. The Russians have protected
this island with a great deal of care in order
not to have these seals cut off.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. 1 understand we came here at ten
o'clock for the purpose of going to the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. BALDWIN. I have demanded the
Tegular order of business.
Mr. MAYNARD. Until we have a quorum
I hope it will not be insisted upon.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The only objection
I have is to bills being taken up from the table
out of their order.
Mr. BALDWIN. I insist upon the regular
order.
FUNDING BILL.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
the message of the Senate communicating
their noil concurrence in the amendments ot
the House to the bill (S. No. 207) for funding
the national debt and for the conversion of the
notes of the United States.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House
insist upon its amendments, and ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
The question being put, there were—ayes
forty-six.
Mr. BECK. I insist upon a further division.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the bill be passed over till the House is
full.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent. Is there objection ?
Mr. BECK. My "only object in insisting
upon a division is to have a quorum^ when
action is taken. 1 will withdraw the objection
as soon as there is a quorum.
The further consideration of the bill was
accordingly reserved by unanimous consent
till a quorum should be present.
CAPTURE OF J lit'PERSON DAVIS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(II. li. No. 1277) to provide for the distribu-
tion of the reward offered by the President of
the United States for the capture of Jefferson
Davis.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that the House non-concur and ask for
a committee of conference.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 move that the House con-
cur.
The SPEAKER. The latter motion has
precedence.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
Senate amendment strikes out an officer who
is meritorious above all others to whom we
have made any award. It strikes out General
Wilson. The committee are opposed to that
amendment, and therefore they ask a com-
mittee of conference.
.Mr. PAINE. Allow me to inquire what is
done with that portion of the reward which was
given by the House to General Wilson?
Mr. WASIIUURN, of Massachusetts. That
is given to the three other ollicers, increasing
their amount to $1,000, allowing General
Wilson nothing.
Mr. PAINE. Which three officers ? The
commanders of the detachments?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Yes,
sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I consider
the striking out of the reward to General Wilson
an outrage.
Mr. PAINE. I will ask the gentleman from
Michigan, who must be familiar with the Sen-
ate amendment, as he moved to concur in it,
whether the bill as it passed the Senate differs
in any particular from that of the House than
that it omits the name of General Wilson?
Mr. BLAIR. I do notunderstand that there
is any other difference than that the $3,000
which the House bill gave to General Wilson
is given to the three other principal officers
named in the bill, namely : Colonel Pritchard,
Colonel Harnden, and Captain Yeoman.^ That
change was made upon the ground that in the
offer made by the President ot' the United
States there was no reason whatever for giving
any portion of the reward to persons who had
no share in the actual arrest. It is carrying
out the principle which I have maintained and
which I still insist is correct, that this offer
having been made to those who were engaged
in the capture, there was certainly no ground
for giving any portion of the reward to persons
who were one hundred miles or more distant.
It was not a reward for meritorious service, as
the gentleman from Massachusetts continues to
insist. That is not the ground upon which
the reward was offered. It was for those en-
gaged in making the actual arrest. Now, I
can see some reason—though I do confess I
do not see much—for the distribution made by
the committee to the several persons named
in the bill who were not actually present.
They were most of them very near, were in
the neighborhood, and therefore there is some
ground for including them. But there is no
pretense at all that General Wilson was in the
neighborhood or participated in the capture
himself. The committee propose to give lam
this sum simply for the reason, I believe, that
he issued the orders ; but he did not issue the
immediate orders under which the capture was
made. Those orders were issued by ..General
Minty, commanding the division.
I am not here in this matter finding any fault
with General Wilson, nor shall I detain the
House with any extended remarks on this sub-
ject. I will simply say that I think the bill as
amended by the Senate conforms more nearly
to the offer of reward than did the Dill as it
went from the House. I have, therefore,
moved to concur in the amendment s of the Sen-
ate upon that ground. It will make an end[of
the question. I do not like the bill, and if
could vote it down I would. If I could keep
everv dollar of the money in the Treasury ot
the IJnited States, instead of distributing it m
this way, I would do it. But I know very well
that the House intends to pass a bill oftlns sort,
and inasmuch as I think the bill as amended
by the Senate is quite as good as the bill as it
passed the House, I hope the House will con-
cur in the amendments of the Senate, and let
us have an end of the matter.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I do
not want to take up the time ot tlie House,^ but
simply to state the facts. The amount given
to General Wilson by the bill as it originally
passed is taken away from General Wilson by
the amendments of the Senate and given to
three other officers, neither of whom was
engaged in the immediate capture. The cap-
ture was made by privates and^non-commis-
sioned officers. But General Wilson was the
officer who sent, out all the various regiments
which assisted in the capture, and upon the
principle which the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Bi.air] urges neither of these officers who
are to receive the additional ^3,000 would be
entitled to a dollar. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was first upon agreeing to the
amendments of the Senate ; and being put,
there were—ayes twenty-two, noes not counted.
So the amendments were disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Washburn, of Massachusetts, that a confer-
ence be asked on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses ; and being put, the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Warhbcrx
of Massachusetts, Mr. Blair, and Mr. Boss,
managers of the conference on the part of the
House.
link OF OCEAN STEAMKKS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 939) to provide for an American
line of mail and emigrant passenger steam-
ships between New York and one or more
European ports.
Mr. HILL. I move that the amendments
of the Senate be non-concurred in, and a con-
ference asked upon the disagreeing votes
thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to hear the amendments read.
The Clerk read the amendments, as follows:
Pago 1, line twelve, strike out " twenty "and insert
ten.
Page 2, after lino sixteen, insert: " And provided,
that the average rate of speed of the steamships i.t
s.ud navigation company shall not be lets than tnat
o.i the s eamshtps of other )mes upon the s.ime or
similar routes, and it for the space of three months
the trips successively of the steamships ot' said eom-
panyshall be made in longer time than that employed
by other steamships as atoresaid, then any contract
made under the provisions of this act shall cease and
determine at the pleasure of the Government of the
united States,'
Page3, line Mx, after "postages" insert: "Proved
such postages shall not exceed &6J0,000 per annum,
alter the discontinuance ot said inland postages.''
