3366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, in the
debate the other day it was complained that
we were acting without a report of the com-
mittee setting out the circumstances of each
particular case. It was also complained that
we were acting in the dark and without informa-
tion generally. I myself felt that as to a great
many gentlemen upon the floor that must be
strictly true. With regard to myself, however,
it is otherwise. Having been associated with
other gentlemen upon this floor and elsewhere
in a voluntary committee formed for the pur-
pose of aiding the business of reconstruction, I
was in a position to be acquainted with the
circumstances generally of the persons em-
braced within the bill, and was entirely satis-
fied not only to vote for it, but to urge my fel-
low-members to do so. I will now state that
so far from this list having been got up at hap-
hazard and without proper examination, it has
really gone through so many particular in-
stances of nice scrutiny that it would be very
strange, indeed, if there were left in it a single
element of error.
In th'8 first place, a long "list of names,
amounting to some thousands, were recom-
mended by the different constitutional conven-
tions, assembled for the purpose of recon-
structing the States of the South, for the
removal of disabilities. Those conventions
were composed of persons who knew the indi-
viduals about whom they certified, who were
most interested in the question, and who had
most to suffer if a mistake should be made in
any case. And it might be considered safe to
let the matter rest with them to decide who
should and who should not be relieved of dis-
abilities. But this was not done. So earnest
•were the members of the two Houses of Con-
gress, and other gentlemen who bad an inter-
est in the question of reconstruction, to pre-
vent the removal of disabilities in any improper
case, that these lists were placed before the
voluntary association of which I spoke and of
which I am a member, who cut down the lists
very materially, striking out the name of every
man about whom no definite information could
be obtained beyond that furnished by the con-
ventions, and striking off every man with
whose nape there was connected a single taint
of suspicion as to his present loyalty and his
good faith in the work of reconstruction.
By this means the list of thousands was
reduced down to where it now stands, to between
eight and nine hundred. But the scrutiny did
not stop there. This list went before theiom-
mittee on Reconstrftction of the House, and was
still further scrutinized, and thecircumstances
attending each individual case were examined.
The list then went before the Committee on the
Judiciary of the Senate, where it underwent a
similar scrutiny. And after all that, promi-
nent leading loyal men of the South, men
whose loyalty never was questioned, were sent
for fro pi the different States to examine the
lists again and again for fear a mistake should
be made. ^ And the result of all that scrutiny
and examination is the bill upon which the
committee of conferrence have reported.
I will repeat, then, that if there should be
in the bill any improper name, it would be a
very remarkable circumstance.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
my colleague allow me to ask him a question
right at this point?
Mr. BROOMALL. Yes.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. As the
gentleman has now become the champion of
this bill, 1 would be glad if he would state to
the House, and especially for my own satisfac-
tion, whether there is any one case, and if so
how many, of application placed upon your
files by any of these individuals for the grace
of the nation, an application involving the con-
cession of past error and a profession of con-
trition and a desire to return to their true
relations. I am not willing to have the grace
of this nation forced upon anybody. I am
ferfectly ready, upon an exhibition of the sort
have indicated, to vote for the relief of per-
sons from disability in individual eases where
persons have placed themselves in the category
I have endeavored to indicate. But to go fur-
ther would be to do away entirely with the con-
stitutional provision, and to make the whole
thing a mere farce before the nation and the
world.
Mr. BROOMALL. It is well the gentleman
has asked me the question. I can only answer
him in general terms in the affirmative. There
are many, very many. I said that a great deal
of this scrutiny was exercised by a voluntary
association of individuals, of which I happened
to be a member, and made some of it myself.
I will answer the gentleman's question fur-
ther by saying that these individuals .were at
one time looked upon as. a kiud of medium of
communication between the loyal men of the
South and the loyal Congress. The first appli-
cations were made through that association.
The members of it refused to consider any of
theui until they had been scrutinized by the
constitutional conventions of the respective
States, and to a very large extent the original
applications were accordingly made to those
conventions. I hope the gentleman is satisfied.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. No, sir;
not yet.
Mr. BROOMALL. All these men are ask-
ing a favor; the grace of the Government is
not forced upon any individual. If my col-
league [Mr. Williams, of Pennsylvania,] is at
all afraid that we are forcing this grace of the
Government upon any of them unwillingly,
then I suppose he will agree with me that they
can refuse it, and if need be they can keep
themselves in the same category they are in
now, by committing a little more treason.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman allow me 
Mr. BIIOOMALL. I think the gentleman
need not be afraid; I have rarely heard of an
individual refusing a pardon.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
the geutleman to answer specifically the ques-
tion T jput. Is there any application on the
part of these individuals, made directly or
through the mediation of other persons, for
the grace which it is now proposed to bestow
upon them?
Mr. BROOMALL. These are applications
from the conventions of their States, to which
they were directed first to apply personally,
being told that that was a prerequisite to
having their cases^ considered here. Now, I
do not know that it would make the case any
better if we had the original applications to
these conventions here upon our files; and
1^ do not think it would make it any worse.
There are also many original applications here.
Mr. A.RNELL. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. BROOMALL. Yes. Certainly.
Mr. ARNELL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if any application has been made by Gen-
eral Longstreet?
Mr. BROOMALL. The case of General
Longstreet bothered the parties concerned in
reporting it probably more than any other
case ; and yet, 1 believe, all who have exam-
ined the matter attentively have come to the
conclusion that his is a proper case. I cau
only say that the General of the Army is one
of the most earnest vouchers for the loyalty at
present and the thorough repentance of Gen-
eral Longstreet; and it is believed by the gen-
tlemen acquainted with the temper of the
South, and the business of reconstruction, that
to take a strong case like tins of Longstreet,
where the sin is great and the repentance is
known, open, and thorough, such as to bring
down upon his head the most violentdenuncia-
tions of the class of men whomhehas deserted,
it is such a case, in my judgment, aud in the
judgment of those who have examined it, which
will show the South better than anything else
that nothing is asked but thorough loyalty here-
after and thorough repentance,of past crimes.
No man has been more diligent and earnest in
aiding the reconstruction of the South than
General Longstreet; and 1, for one, have no
hesitation in voting to remit his disabilities.
Why, sir, if we condemn him where will he
go ? jlis own class would murder him if we
now desert him. If we, his new friends,whom
he has so much aided, now sneer at him and
spurn him, he will have no inducement to do
good in the future. If we treat him as such a
man ought to be treated, his future course will
justify our action.
Mr. LOAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether General Longstreet
is more devoted to the Republic at this time
than he was to the rebellion two years ago; and
whether we have any assurance, if in case of
any misfortune to us, he would not abandon us
at once?
Mr. BROOMALL. I will answer that by
saying I never heard that Paul was any more
devoted to the Christian religion after his con-
version than he was to the persecution of the
Chiistians before that time.
Mr. ELDI4IDOE. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, whether one of
the reasons he gave for including in this list
the name of General Longstreet was not be-
cause he was recommended by the General ct
the Army?
Mr. BROOMALL. I said "vouched for,"
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Now, if that be a good
reason, I should like to know why he .has not
included in this list of names the name of
Robert E. Lee, because General Grant swore
before the Judiciary Committee that he had
recommended to the President a full pardon for
General Robert E. Lee.
Mr. BROOMALL. I suppose we might get
thirty-five votes on the other side by putting
in the name of General Robert E. Lee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And also get the Gen-
eral of the Army with you.
Mr. BROOMALL. We do not choose to
do it. ^ I suppose we could get the votes of
the thirty-five gentlemen on the other side of
the House if we were to put into the bill the
names of the Democratic members of the
Thirty-Seventh and Thirty-Eighth Congresses ;
but wo will not, though by refusing we lose
those votes.
Mr. BROOKS. Is the gentleman from
Pennsylvania aware that a principal, leading,
prominent man on the list of twelve hundred
on the table is one of those who advised and
counseled publicly the assassination of Abra-
ham Lincoln? Is he aware of that fact?
Mr. BROOMALL. What is the name ?
Mr. BROOKS. Is he aware of that fact?
Mr. BROOMALL. I certainly am not.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman permit
me to read ?
Mr. BROOMALL. No.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the gentleman say no?
Mr. BROOMALL. I do ; I know that just
now, at the final vote, a gentleman whose name
is upon the list has been charged with certain
matters. I do not know what they are, but as
the charges were not made before the proper
tribunal at the proper time 1 will not believe
them now. If I were told by one of his ene-
mies that the gentleman from New York had
committed a crime last night I would , not be
bound to believe it.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the geutleman answer
my question ? He has not done so yet. I am
going to vote for the pardon of this Aan who
counseled the assassination of Abraham Lin-
coln in this list with so many others.
Mr. BROOMALL. I am glad to hear the
gentleman is going to vote for the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. But I do not think the gen-
tleman is aware of the fact I refer to. Will
he permit me to read ?
Mr. BROOMALL. I will not allow to go
upon the records here with my consent any
charge against any gentleman which was not
brought _ before the proper tribunal at the
proper time. I am satisfied the charge is not
true.
Mr. BROOKS. Not when it is shown he
counseled the assassination of Abraham Lin-
coln 1
Mr. WARD. Will the geatlemau yield to
me?
