1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1319
of some of the men named in this testimony before.
No man has approached me with any such propo-
sitions as are indicated in the testimony. I never
heard ot such a project before. X never do business
in that way or any of that kind of business. I ask a
thorough, searching investigation not only into the
matter indicated in that testimony, but into every
other official transaction of the Post Office Depart-
ment since I have been connected with it. I also
ask that this investigation be open and public be-
fore the world. If this is the proper mode of pre-
senting my wishes to the House of Representatives,
I will be obliged if this letter can be laid before that
body.
I am, very respectfully,
ALEXANDER W. RANDALL,
- Postmaster General.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. PILfe. I move that the letter be printed
and referred to the Committee on Expenditures
of the Post Office Department.
The motion was agreed to. &
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, obtained
the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to
yield.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
yield only to two gentleman now. After the
committee rise I will yield to all the others. I
yield to the gentleman from Peunsy lvania, [Mr.
Covouis.]
jail in the district.
Mr. COVODE. I desire to make a unanimous
report from the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, which I desire to have
printed and made the special order for Thurs-
day next. It is a bill (H. R. No. 784) to
amend an act entitled "An act authorizing the
construction of a jail in and for the District of
Columbia," approved July 25, 1860.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
consent to making it a special order.
Mr. COVODE. Then let it be printed and
recommitted to the committee.
The bill was accordingly read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be printed, and recommit-
ted to the committee.
_Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
yield to my colleague, [Mr. Ingersoll.]
hannibal and peoria ports of delivery.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to have .re-
ported a bill which is in the desk of my col-
league, [Mr. Washbukne, of Illinois,] ready to
be reported. It is a bill (H. R.-No. 785) to
revive the second section of an act to establish
Hannibal, Missouri, and Peoria, Illinois, ports
of delivery. The object of the act of 1856 es-
tablishing these ports of delivery was to facili-
tate the building of certain railroads then in
course of construction, so that the iron might
be imported and delivered at those towns re-
spectively, and taken out of bond from time to
time as the railroads progressed, without being
required to betaken out all at once at New
Orleans, and the duty paid in gold there. In
1863 Congress passed an act authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to discontinue cer-
tain ports of delivery in his discretion, and in
the exercise of such discretionary power he
discontinued Peoria as a port of delivery. At
this time the Peoria, Toledo, and Logansport
Railway Company are extending their road to
Warsaw on the Mississippi, and have on the
way from Europe some six thousand tons of
iron. Unless this bill becomes a law the duty
upon this iron must be paid in Now Orleans,
and the company would be obliged to pay the
duty there immediately upon the arrival of the
iron, in order that they might have the advan-
tage of the high water of March and April to
ship it without reshipment from New Orleans
to Peoria. If this bill is passed the iron will
be shipped to Peoria in bond, and the duties
paid by the company on such portions of it as
they desire to withdraw from bond from time
to time as it may be required for completing
the road.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One mo-
ment. I will state that my colleague asked to
have this port in his district reestablished. The
committee declined to do it as a permanent
thing; but for the reason stated they have pre-
pared a bill reestablishing it for two yeats,
with which he is satisfied, and I presume there
is no objection to the passage of the bill in that
shape.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I presume not. The
Treasury Department recommend it. We are
now building railroads running from Peoria
to the Mississippi river and need this port of
delivery. In fact, it is indispensably necessary
to facilitate the early and economical comple-
tion of the roads, and will impose the most
trivial and insignificant outlay upon the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I report
back the bill with a substitute.
The SPEAKER. The substitute will be read,
and the Chair will ask for objections, if any.
The substitute reported by the Committee on
Commerce was read. It provides that the
second section of the act of April 5,1856, en-
titled " An act to constitute the cities of Han-
nibal, Missouri, and Peoria, Illinois, ports of
delivery," shall be revived and declared to be
in full force and effect for the term of two
years from the passage of this bill.
Mr. DAWES. 1 object to the considera-
tion of this bill unless I can have an opportu-
nity to introduce a resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Oh, I hope not.
Mr. DAWES. My friend from Illinois [Mr.
Wasiiburne] yields to his colleague and he
would not yield to mc.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is not my fault.
If this bill is not passed soon it will be of no
avail.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I withdraw the objec-
tion.
The substitute was agreed to. The bill was
then ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was "ccordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before
moving to go into Committee of the Whole, I
will say, in reply to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,J that he desired to
introduce a matter which had been already
considered in the House, and which would
give rise to discussion, in relation to the pay-
ment of contestants. I do not think I was
unreasonable in declining to yield for that
purpose.
Mr. DAWES. Let me say as a ryder to
what my friend has said that he is entirely mis-
taken about the resolution which I propose to
offer. It has notbeen considered in the House.
message prom the president.
Several messages in writing from the Presi-
dent were delivered to the House by Colonel
William G. Moore, his Secretary, who also
informed the House that the President had
approved and signed the following bills and
joint resolution :
An act'(H. R. No. 96) to authorize the
Southern Minnesota Railroad Company to con-
struct and maintain a bridge across the Mis-
sissippi river, and establish a post route ;
An act (H. It. No. 127) in relation to addi-
tional bounty;
An act (H. R. No. 452) for the relief of Cap-
tain C. P. Johnson ;
An act (H. R. No. 510) to facilitate the col-
lection of the direct tax in the State of Dela-
ware; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 203) for re-
ducing the expenses of the War Department,
and for other purposes.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union for the
purpose of considering the naval appropriation
bill; and pending that motion I move that, by
unanimous consent, all general debate in the
Committee of the Whole on the bill be closed in
thirty minutes after the committee shall pro-
ceed to the consideration of the same.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman will
extend the time. That is too limited a time
to debate a bill of such importance.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There will
be the five minutes' debate on everything.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.,
The_ question was then taken on the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole, and it
was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and proceeded
to the consideration of the special order, being
the bill (H. R. No. C01) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June
30,1869.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the first reading of the bill will be dispensed
with. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I only
desire to say a few words, and then I will yield
the floor to the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, [Mr. Pike.]
Mr. WOOD. I call for the reading of the
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is too
late.
Mr. WOOD. I think the usual course is'to
read the whole bill, and then read it by para-
graphs for amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair asked if there
was any objection to dispensing with the first
reading, and the Chair heard no objection, and
in the opinion of the Chair it is too late to call
for the reading now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, by rcfcrencc to the last clause of the bill
it will be seen that the amount appropriated
by this bill is $18,090,045. The amount of the
original estimates of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was $47,373,183 95. Afterward, as the
committee knows, the Secretary of the .Navy
sent in a revised or amended estimate, "as he
calls it, calling for appropriations amounting
to $24,924,478 03, himself making a reduction
of $22,392,705 92; and the net reduction in
the bill as reported, upon the reductions of the
Secretary of the Navy, is $3,854,060. As the
committee shall progress in the discussion of
the various items of the hill I will give such
explanations as I hope may be satisfactory;
but I desire to state here that there is in this
bill some new legislation, which, if the point
of order is made, will undoubtedly be ruled
out. The Committee on Appropriations knew
that to be the fact, but to make up a bill cut-
ting down the expenditures to a pomt to which
they supposed they could be cut down without
any injury to the public service it was neces-
sary to couple the legislation which is in this
bill with these appropriations. Let me say
that if we adopt either the recommendations
of the Secretary of the Navy in his amended
estimates or the appropriations provided for in
this bill it is equally necessary that this legis-
lation shall be adopted.
I think there will be no objection to those
sections, and I trust no gentleman will make
the point of order on them. They are pre-
cisely the same as were introduced in a bill in
the Senate of the United States by the distin-
guished gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,]
so long the able and efficient chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs. He deemed that
this legislation was necessary in order that the
expenses of the Navy Department might be
cnt down. I trust when we come to consider
those sections there will be no objection to
them.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. Can the gentleman inform
us of the amount of unexpended balances in
the hands of the Navy Department?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir;
I can answer that question. By referring to page
18 of the book of estimates the gentleman will
find the amount of estimated balances of exist-
ing appropriations which will be unexpended
on June 30, 1868, is $16,462,291 44. It is
