1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3367
Mr. BROOMALL. I do.
Mr. WARD. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether he knows the fact
that one of the parties ijamed in this bill has
sent a communication to this House saying
that he has not solicited pardon, and has not
committed any crime for which he should be
pardoned ?
Mr. BROOMALL. I am not aware of that
fact. If I were, to see such a communication
I would want the signature sworn to before I
would believe it.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman allow me
to.ask him whether he is in favor of general
amnesty to all rebels ?
Mr. BROOMALL. No, sir.
Mr. WARD. If you are not in favor of
general amnesty to all rebels, how can you
support a proposition to pardon twelve hun-
dred of these leading rebels without a single
allegation on record that they have repented,
or that there is any special reason why they
should be pardoned ? And, further 
Mr. BROOMALL. I yield no further. I
am pressed all around.
Mr. WARD. A single other question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will resume his seat. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania declines to yield.
Mr. BROOMALL. I am sorry I cannot
yield to the gentleman from New York any
further.
Mr. WARD. I do not design to transgress
the rules of the House in any way, though, I
know I am a little pertinacious. I now ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether he did
not agree to give me five minutes of his time,
and, if that be so, whether I cannot ask him a
further question?
Mr. BROOMALL. I will yield to a further
question. There was something said about
that.
Mr. WARD. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether, if this bill is passed, any of these par-
ties who are included in it, if elected, cannot
be admitted into Congress, and whether this
bill does not cover two gentlemen from the
State of North Carolina who were elected to
Congress and are waiting to be admitted after
this law is passed, having served in the rebel
army ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No.
Mr. BROOMALL. I do not know that fact.
It does not alter the case, however.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is not a word
of truth in the statement of the gentleman from
New York. This bill embraces the name of
Mr. Boyden, who fed our prisoners during the
war, a man who was known by every Union
soldier in prison at Salisbury as their friend.
He was elected as a conservative; but he
received a great many Republican votes.
Mr. WARD. I do not mean him at all.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, then, the gen-
tleman did not mean anybody.
Mr. WARD. I mean a lieutenant colonel
in the rebel army for a year and a half; and I
assert what I know.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Who is that man.
Mr. WARD. I cannot give you the name,
but Mr. French, of North Carolina, informed
me this morning that such was the fact.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot possibly
let the statement of the gentleman from New
York go upon the record in the face and eyes
of the investigation of this subject by the Re-
construction Committee and of the committee
of conference without denying itm toto. There
is but one member of Congress elected f'om
North Carolina included iu this bill, and that
is Mr. Boyden. There is, one of the judges
also embraced in the bill. But neither of
these were in the rebel army. This bill does
not embrace any leading rebels. It has been
stated over and over again that it embraces
a great many men who really have not asked
for nny pardon, bccause they have never
done anything making it necessary for them
to ask it; but they became disabled by rea-
son of holding some petty office during the
war, not dreaming at the time that that dis-
abled them from holding office under the Fed-
eral Government. They refused to go into the
rebel army. Now we find by reason of our
legislation that they are disqualified.
Gentlemen ask for petitions. - There are
thousands of petitions before our committee
besides those sent us by the congressional
committee, of- which my friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Broomall] is a member. Gentle-
men ask that we make a report in the case.
Why, sir, to make a report in each ease of
twelve hundred men would cover reams and
reams of paper, and no one would read it.
It is not expected that the committee should
make a report in each case.
Now, I desire to say one-word about General
Longstreet, because there are some gentlemen
here who do not understand his position. The
Reconstruction Committee unanimously once
reported his name, with four or five others, for
relief. Upon some little discussiou in the
House the report was ordered to be recom-
mitted. The committee have not reported his
name again, although they are all in favor of
it. When we sent the bill to the Senate the
Senate committee, upon an investigation, in
adding the names of various gentlemen of dif-
ferent States, put in the name of General
Longstreet. That is the way his name comes
in the bill. We cannot amend by striking it
out. We have to pass or reject the bill. Gen-
eral Longstreet wrote a letter more than a year
ago, which was published all over the country,
in favor of the reconstruction policy of Con-
gress, which brought down upon his head the
most terrible and scathing rebukes of all the
leading secessionists in his country. So ostra-
cised did he become by his former associates
that he was obliged to change his residence
and move to another town to engage in busi-
ness for his support. Now, I ask gentlemen
who oppose General Longstreet because he
fought us if they have not more respect for
a rebel who showed his consistency by going
into the army and fighting us honorably than
they havefor a stay-at-home fellow who shirked
out of the army himself but egged him on ? I
have; and I would rather relieve him than any
old politician wlie sneaked out of danger.
Mr. BROOMALL. I have only to say, in
conclusion, that my anxiety to have this meas-
ure adopted at this time arises from the fact
that the State organizations which are about
to go into operation in the States of Georgia,
North Carolina, and Alabama cannot go into
operation until the disabilities of many of
these men are removed.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few moments?
Mr. BROOMALL. I will yield for a mo-
ment.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Ward] has asked the
question of the gentleman who has charge of
this measure whether he does not know that
there are one or two applicants for relief under
this bill who have been rebel officers or sol-
diers and who desire, being relieved by Con-
gress, to come here as Representatives from the
State of North Carolina. He has asked that
question, leaving thellousc to understand that
he knows that to be the fact, and he has stated
to the House that he has been informed by
another Representative from North Carolina
that such is the fact. He has left upon the
minds of Representatives the impression that
his informant believes that this applicant is not
a worthy subject of legislative relief and ought
to be excluded from this bill.
Now, sir, it is unfair for a gentleman to allege
before this House indirectly in the form of a
question what he does not know to be true,
what he would not be willing positively to
assert. Since he has asked that question and
given the House to understand that his inform-
ant is opposed to the relief of the particular
applicant referred to. I have asked that Repre-
sentative from North Carolina what the facts
in the case are, and he tells me that there is
indeed in this bill an applicant for relief from
North Carolina who was in the rebel army, but
that after having served a short time in it, he
left that army, threw up his commission, and
joined the Union party of North Carolina, and
has from that time forth until this day been
an efficient and faithful Union man, and he
himself believes he ought to be relieved.
Mr. WARD. Now, I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to allow me a moment.
The gentleman from Wisconsin has in a man-
ner assailed me, and I do not think the gentle-
man can refuse me a moment to reply. I have
not occupied the five minutes which thegeutle-
man agreed to give me.
Mr. BROOMALL. I will yield for the short-
est possible time.
Mr. WARD. I had no desire to say any-
thing unfair in this matter or to convey a false
impression to this House. I was informed that
Mr. Dockery, a member-elect from the State
of North Carolina, served a year aud a half in
the rebel army as lieutenant colonel. I under-
stand that that is the fact. I assert it to be the
fact now upon information from a member of
Congress-elect from that State of the name of
French. I now wish to say further, as a matter
of justice, that I understand that this Mr. Dock-
ery, after a year and a half's service in the rebel
army, threw up his commission and joinedthe
Union Army, and has been a good Union man
since, and has aided in the work of reconstruc-
tion. And I desire to say further, that I am
opposed to admitting anybody into this Con-
gress, or passing any law which will permit
any man to come into this Congress, who has
aided in the work of rebellion, and at whose
door lay the deaths of half a million of people.
Mr. BROOMALL. I have learned——
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman allow me
one word more?
Mr. BROOMALL. Notnow. I have learned
from the best authority that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ward] is mistaken as to the
time; it was two months instead of eighteen
months. But no matter about that, lie has
given the strongest reason why the name of the
individual referred to should be embraced in
this bill as that of a man who, when he found
out he was wrong, turned around and not only
repented of the wrong he had committed, but
fought on our side. He ought to have his dis-
ability removed, and I will vote for such eases
every day.
I was about saying when I was interrupted
that unless these disabilities are removed those
States cannot organize until after another elec-
tion ; and we will have half a dozen States in
the South under organizations as thoroughly
rebel as any organizations that existed during
the actual rebellion—I mean the organizations
gotten up by President Johnson and Mr.
Seward upon mere proclamation and without
any authority of law. And these States will be
under such organizations for perhaps a year or
two. And if any gentleman on this side of the
House wants to see the Union men of the South
remain under that kind of government any
longer than is necessary I must say he has a
very strange way of looking at things ; and it
there is any gentleman here who wp,nt.s to see
the next presidential election come off with the
Union men of the South under the control of
these rebel organizations, I am inclined to think
that that gentleman must be found upon the
other side of the House, and a very great way
over upon the other side.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I decline
to yield further to my colleague, [Mr. Broom-
ai.t,,] and demand a vote. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOMALL. Very well, I have done.
Mr. COVODE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. BROOMALL. For a question, yes.
Mr. COVODE. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether it is necessary to recon-
struction that Longstreet should be relieved
from disabilities? Does not the gentleman
know that Longstreet shed more loyal blood
than any other man commanding the same
number of rebel troops? ,
Mr. BROOMALL. I have already answered
that question. I now call the previous question.
