1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
exist in the case; and that is all that I desire
to say.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I think that a
word of explanation as to the island of Alta
Vela will be necessary in order to an exact
understanding of this matter. By the act of
August, 18-56, it is provided that when any
island is discovered having upon it valuable
deposits of guano, if it is an unappropriated
island, it shall exclusively belong to the dis-
coverer, if he be a citizen of the United States.
Something more than a year ago I was m
the office of the Attorney General of the Uni-
ted States, and at his request listened to a full
discussion of the matter of Alta Yela. I there
learned that Alta Yela is a small island lying
south of Hayti, and belonging to that Govern-
ment, if it belong to any other Government
than our own; that the guano upon it had been
discovered by two Americans ; that the island
had been long known as a beacon, but was
supposed to be an unprofitable and worthless
key ; that these two Americans took the proper
steps to file in the State Department the evi-
dence of their title to the guano upon it by
discovery, and had proceeded to work that
valuable deposit; that some inhabitants of
Dominica, under the lead of their chief, who
afterward ran away, made an expedition to
this island, captured the employes of the claim-
ants to it, destroyed their works, and tore down
the American flag, for which they ought to
have been shot on the spot, and for which they
would have been hanged under any just admin-
istration of international law. Having torn
down our flag they took possession of the
island, and after a considerable period of time
the Dominicans leased the island to a New
York company.
Then the original discoverers so despoiled
came to our Government and asked that their
employes might be liberated, and they were
liberated. They also asked that they might
be put back in possession of the island, and
there they met with difficulty, because putting
them in possession of the island would set aside
the New York company. And whether right-
fully or wrongfully, it has been very hard for
some years past to touch New York firms
through the State Department.
The question was. shall the Governmentinter-
fere in this matter? The deposit of guano was
a limited one, and this is almost the only island
on this side of the continent containing such a
deposit, and from its nearness to market it is
very valuable. As soon as the New York firm
got possession of it they ran ships there as
fast as they could in order to carry the guano
all off before this Government should take any
steps in favor of the original discoverers.
After hearing the facts of the case, I said I
thought it was a case in which the Government
ought to send out a ship of war; not for the
purpose of making war on anybody but for the
purpose of saying, backed by sufficient force,
"hands off; let no one carry away a load of
that guano until the title to this matter is
determined by the courts." In other words, I
thought an injunction should be served on the
parties who were carrying away this guano, and
this could only be done under the circumstances
by a vessel of war. I think while the question
is delayed in the State Department those par-
ties who had thus got possession, I will_ not
even say wrongfully, as the other party claims,
should not be allowed to carry off all that made
the island valuable, and prevent any subsequent
redress, if the others were in the right. To the
opinion then expressed I still adhere.
This is the opinion which I expressed in the
presence of the Attorney General after hear-
ing the case discussed by Judge Black. I
never heard or knew anything about Alta Vela
from that time until some time last February—
I thiuk about the 9th or 10th of February, as
near as I can remember—when my friend,
Colonel Shaffer, the friend of Lincoln—a man
whom 1 never saw until Mr. Lincoln sent him to
me, and who proved himself the ablest quarter-
master in any division of our Army—came to
me and said, "I have taken some interest in
Alta Yela; I am not learned in tlie law to the
extent which I wish I was; I am not so well
known as a lawyer as you are; I have learned
from Mr. Black that you have heard Alta Vela
discussed. Did you come to an opinion about
it?" I replied that I had done so. " Well,"
said he, "perhaps if I had your opinion upon
the validity of the title and that of some others
I might be able to convert my interest into
cash or dispose of it, if it were understood
that the Government might interfere, if there
was a clear case in which the Government
could assert its authority. Now, will you give
me your opinion as a lawyer?" I replied,
" Certainly. Sit down and write out an opinion
yourself." He did so with pencil on a little
piece of paper, which I now hold in my hand.
When I read what he had written I said, "This
will not quite do. Lawyers do not talk exactly
so positively in this way." I then took my pen
and scratched out the words'which I thought
were too strong and wrote in others. Anybody
who examines this paper must see that it is the
original rough draft. I then directed this to be
copied, and when it had been copied I signed it.
I had at that time no more thought or expecta-
tion that the President would beimpeached im-
mediately than I had of flying. I knew he would
be ultimately, because 1 knew he never would
lie still until he was impeached. [Laughter.]
So far I had impeachment in my mind, but
no further. From that hour until I saw this
letter in the New York Herald I never heard
of it, and I never spoke to anybody about it,
and no man ever spoke to me about it. When
I read it in the Herald I saw the President was
publishing it as in some way connected with his
quarrel with Mr. Black.
Now, sir, these are the facts as to the origin
and purpose of the opinion. Let us see what
is the accusation brought against me. It is
that I have written a letter—which is not a let-
ter after all, for it is a legal opinion, and I still
think a pretty good legal opinion.
Mr. ROBINSON. Will the gentleman al-
low me to ask him a question?
Mr. BUTLER. Y"es, sir.
Mr. ROBINSON. Did the gentleman from
Massachusetts at that time know that the Presi-
dent bad expressed a wish to have the opinion
of some distinguished gentlemen on the other
side in favor of the claim ?
Mr. BUTLER. Not at all; I will explain
all about that before I get through. I had not
the slightest idea of the kind. The next time
the matter was brought to my attention was
when I read the letter in the Herald, and sub-
sequently when Mr. Nelson brought it up in
the Senate. I saw that Judge Black, whom I
had not spoken with for months, had left the
President's employment as counsel in the im-
peachment case, and that was the only thing
that attracted my attention to the matter at all.
Now, then, what is the accusation? The
accusation is that I wrote a letter. I did so ;
I gave an opinion. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Bkooks] says I must not give opin-
ions. Well, I agree it is a great deal the best
not to give an opinion about other people's
contests. I generally refuse to give opinions
about other people's contests unless 1 am of
counsel, and I very frequently refuse to give
opinions and very frequently and, indeed, al-
ways, I refuse to undertake any lawsuits where
I have a personal difficulty or personal differ-
ence with any of the parties, because I do not
think it proper to carry on lawsuits to eke out
personal revenge or carry on investigations to
eke out personal revenge. Perhaps I can give
an instance illustrating this rule of mine which
may be interesting to the gentleman from New
York. Some time ago there was a case where
one Clark, if I remember his name aright, sued
a fellow by the name of Erastus Brooks, who
was the owner of a newspaper—a penny-a-line
sheet called the Express, in New York.
[Laughter.] And there was a difficulty be-
tween this Erastus Brooks and his other part-
ner and this Clark about the division of the
spoils of the partnership. And Clark brought
a suit and some harpies in interest brought the
case to me. They showed me that two brothers
—this Erastus Brooks he had a brother who
was a partner—had robbed this Clark, and
there was sworn testimony about it. They
brought me the sworn oath of the brother of
Erastus Brooks that he did not know enough
to add up a column of figures, and therefore
he did not know but what he had cheated his
partner. Well, I said, "Now, you know that I
have not any cause to love a fortion of this
firm and I will not take your retainer ; I will
have nothing to do with it; go away; it is a
nasty mess anyhow, and I will not mix up with
it, if you please." [Laughter.] No, not nas-
tier than guano, as a friend asks me, but not
half as fertilizing, I assure you. [Laughter.]
Well, I saw this case go on in the courts. I
saw that the holders of the Express got beat
and had to pay costs and charges and all that,
but I never knew which side was wrong. There
was rascality there somewhere. The court
settled it, and I have no doubt settled it right;
the verdict showsthat, and I suppose judgment
followed the verdict.
Now, there was a case where I was wiser
than I was now and where I did not give an
opinion. I should probably have got into a
scrape if I had and should have been abused
by somebody or abused somebody about it—
one or the other. [Laughter. ]
Well, I gave an opinion in this matter and
this has been the result. I have made some
investigations about this opinion since it was
given. I have made some examination since
and I find this to be the state of facts, as
accurately as I can learn them. I find that my
letter was sent to the President inclosed in
another letter by Mr. Chauncey F. Black. He
states in his affidavit, which was read by the
gentleman from New York, "after receiving
this opinion I inclosed it to the President."
That letter of inelosure never has made its ap-
pearance. It is kept back by the President or
his friends or somebody. I should like to see
that letter of inelosure because it might explain
some of these matters ; but it does not make
for the President's case, either here or else-
where, and therefore it is not produced, other-
wise it would have been.
Mr. ELDIilDGE. I desire to inquire of
the gentleman if it does not appear in the affi-
davit of Mr. Chauncey F. Black that this letter
inclosed was a copy of the first letter sent to
the President?
Mr. BUTLER. Oh, no, sir; no, no. Let
me read it v
"After receiving this opinion I inclosed it to the
President. The timewhen this opinion was received,
and •whether it was dated, I do not recollect, rhe
time that it was presented to the President by me
can be established by the date of my letter inclosing
it Learning from a mutual friend that it would be
desirable for the President to receive the recom-
mendations of other members of Consrress X carried a
copy ot the opinion to the House of Representatives
and procured the signatures ot some ot my personal
friends and asked them to procure the signatures of
others which were attached to the copy. Some con-
siderable ti;ne after I had forwarded the original I
sent this copy so signed to the President."
And here is the letter iu which he sent the
copy after he had procured the signatures :
March 16.
Mr. President: I have heretofore handed you a
letter embracing the opinions of Ucnerals Butler,
i Logan, n.nd Garfield in respect to our claim to Alta
Tela. Please find herewith a copy of the same with
the concurrence of Thaddlus Stevens, &c.
Showing that long before that, my opinion
had gone to the President.
Now, then, I say I have made some further
investigation, and I find that Judge Black did
not know of the existence of either the original
papers or of the copy until the President
| showed them to him himself, and as I am told
j said in substance to those interested about the
case, "Ibelieve you are right about Alta Vela;
I believe I ought to do it; I am ready to do it;
I should be glad to do it; but Seward will not
let me ; his New York friends are interested
in this matter and he will not let nie. Now,
if you will get some other members of Con-
■ gresa to sign the letter, so as to stiffen me up,
i that they may stand by me against Mr. Seward,
