1320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
stated that part of that will be required for the
payment of the liabilities of the present fiscal
year, but it will not be drawn from the Treas-
ury until after June 30, 18G8.
'Mr. KE LLB Y. Will the gentleman say how
much will probably remain unexpended when
all demands shall have been fully met?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Probably
there will not be a dollar. If the gentleman
will refer to page 97 of the book of estimates
he will see a statement of estimated balances
of existing appropriations which will be unex-
pended on June 30, 18G8, the total of which is
given at the enormous sum of $114,778,472 25.
It is estimated, however, that all of that sum,
except $1,870,155 85, will be needed for the
payment ot the liabilities of the present fiscal
year, though not to be all drawn from the
Treasury until after June 30, 1808; and that
amount of 51,870,1-55 85 will be carried to the
surplus fund, under the act of May 1,1820.
Mr. PAINE. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether these unexpended balances
would be taken to answer requisitions on the
Navy Department, made in accordance with
appropriations already made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will read
from the letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to the Speaker of this House, which will
answer that question: In referring to this
matter he says:
"The estimated balances of existing appropriations
which will be unexpended on Juue 30," 1868, port of
which aro required for the payment of the liabilities
of the present fiscal jear, but which will not be
drawn from the Treasury until after June 30,18US, as
follows."
_ And then the items are given. There are
liabilities existing under the laws which will not
be drawn from the Treasury until after June
30, 1868.
Mr. PAINE. Are these payments to be
made under appropriation laws?
Mr. WASIiiitTUNE, of Illinois. They are
to be made undar appropriations already made
by law. I now yield to the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Pike.]
Mr. PIKE. I have no general remarks to
make upon this bill, though I may desire to
say something upon the items of the bill as
they are read. I hold in my hand a letter
from the Secretary of the Navy relating to the
general provisions of this bill. That letter
contains statements of fact which are of inter-
est to everyone who is interested in the Navy.
I commend it to the attention of members,
and ask that it be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk began the reading of the letter,
and subsequently concluded it, as follows:
Navy Department, February 14,18(38.
Sir: I respectfully invite your attention and that
of tue Committee upon Naval Affairs to some of the
provisions of a " bill making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending 30th June, 1869,"
reported by Mr. Washburne, from the Committee on
Appropriations, and made a special order for the
18th ot February.
As soon as it was ascertained that Congress was
disposed to stop improvements and to reduce naval
woik at the navy-yaids—to suspend labor on vessels
thathad been commenced before the closeof the war,
and were slowly being carried forward to comple-
tion—to cut down the scrvice from fifteen thousand
men, as authorized by the last Congress, to eight
thousand live hundred men, the Department took
prompt and efficient measures to make its estimates
for the ensuing year conform to the new policy about
to be initiated, and on the 22d ultimo I had the honor
to transmit to the House of Representatives revised
estimates of this Departmcm conforming to this new
policy, reducing the estimates submitted by the
several bureaus which accompanied my annual
report over twenty-two million dollars, and making
the net amount asked for $24,924,473 03 on the busis
of a depreciated currency. This amount is believed
to be as low as the appropriations can be reduced in
justice to the service or with economy tothe Govern-
ment, and at the true standard of value is not largely
in excess of appropriations prior to the war, when we
had not an extensive steam navy. To. decline to
make the necessary appropriations for indispensa-
ble improvements in the navy-yards, and especially
to refuse to keep the buildings, docks, channels,
wharves, and grounds in proper condition and repair,
can bo hardly considered good economy.
In tho revision of the estimates submitted to the
House of Representatives on the 22d ultimo (House
Executive Document No. Ill) the evident desire of
Congref-s not to increase but to diminish the effective
force of the Navj; and to make no essential addi-
tions to the facilities for work in the navy-yards
was considered. It is not believed by this Depart-
ment that our squadrons upon foreign service can
with just regard to our national character be reduced
below their present limit and maintain the honor of
our country and protect our commercial interests
abroad. The annexed table will show tho number,
armament, and tonnage of vessels in squadron ser-
vice in the month of January for four years prece-
ding the recent rebellion and at the present time:
*ys w
t & K
Oi --I M W W O)
o a to
J--I OS u — J o
- r lo "bi V oj
 t>- 14-. ^ 40
O  —  C- O
&
fS
Vessels.
Tonnage.
Vessols.
Guns.
Tonnage.
00 C5 t-w
C-3 W C*.
JO -7 to W rfw
CO h-4 Cft CO C 0
G5 Oi & yi -[
O O —* 0« is; Oi
CO CO
00 Cn pi CJ CO to
t"-* *0 *-T -I O CV
> H
(=
9
B* J?
-r co co
4— OO
C/3 QQ
Vessels.
(iuns.
Tonnage.
Vessels.
Guns.
Tonnage.
Vessels.
Guns.
Tonnage,
Included in the fifty-three vessels noted as in the
squadron service upon the 1st of January last are
six store and hospital vessels, besides tho Mahaska
which can never again go to sea, and is used as a
guard and living ship for officers and men in charge
of iron-clads atNew Orleans; also, the Yantic which
has been detained for months above the bar at Tam-
pico; so that the effective naval force was actually
io vessels, 4ol guns, and 51,870 tonnage. All of the
cruising vessels are steamers, though most of them
can and do move with sails when speed or the cir-
cumstances of the case do not require steam. The
expense of keeping the squadrons in commission is
greater now than when nearly all the ships were sail-
ing vessels, for fuel has become a large item of ex-
penditure, and incidentally the depreciation of our
currency adds largely to the expense, thereby neces-
sarily increasing the estimates.
Besides the protection of our commerce and the
advancement of the general interests of our coun-
trymen abroad, with which our naval officers are
charged, special services are constantly being re-
quired of them. Without refreshing my memory by
an examination of the records, I may instance as
occurring within a few months, calls for naval vessels
at Alaska, including an urgent appeal from the mil-
itary authorities to have one or more permanently
stationed there; a telegraphic request, seconded by
General Grant, to send a naval vessel into the Gulf
of California to iclease Government stores destined
for our troops in Arizona, which were there detained
by local Mexiean authorities; a request for the loca-
tion and survey of an island midway between Cali-
fornia and Japan; for a vessel at the Sandwich Isl-
ands; a request from the British admiral in Chinese
waters, seconded by Bear Admiral Bell, for a joint
and special effort to suppress and punish piracies;
to send to the Feejec Islands to enforce compliance
with agreements which have been entered into; to
inquire into the facts, and, if possible, rescue the
survivors of wrecked merchant vessels from the sav-
ages of Formosa and alsoof Corea; to bring from a
desert island in the Pacific the officers and crew of
a wrecked whaling vessel j to send one or more ves-
sels to St. Thomas to look after special interests; to
the African eoast to look after mutineers? to send a
vessel for the protection of, and, possibly, to take on
board our minister to Paraguay; to send additional
vessels, in view of apprehended difficulties, to Asp-
inwall and Panama, at each of which ports one is
constantly stationed, &c. To discharge all these
duties and such others as are demanded by the Gov-
ernment the .Navy must be in constant teadiness,as,
in every case, prompt action is required: vessels can-
not be prepared and sent to the Pacific coast, to
I Asia, Africa, or Europe, and reach their stations ia
| seasfcp to effectually meet emergencies after inform-
i ation has been received that the emergencies have
arisen. It is only by the presence of naval vessels
upijn such occasions that our countrymen are saved
from embarrassment and loss and the country often
from humiliation.
In this connectionit may not beoutofplaceto refer
to the foreign naval policy of Great Britain and other
nations. During the last year Great Britain had in
commission320 vessels, 17 of which werearmor-piated,
having au aggregate tonnage of 350,000 tons, and a
forcc amounting to more than 52,000men. One hun-
dred and fifty of these vessels were on home stations,
including coast-guard, flag, training, and block-ships,
but abroad there were 133 ships and nearly 22,000 men
upon nine stations. Upon the coast of North and
South America and in the West Indies there were
40 vessels; upon the west coast of Africa, 17 vessels;
upon iheCape of Good llopeand Australian stations,
10 vessels; and the lcmainder, amounting to 76 ves-
sels, in the Mediterranean and upon the China and
JSast India stations. The number of seamen and
marines authorized for the last year by the British
Government was 60,700. The navy of France con-
sists of 340 steamers, 40 of them iron-clads, and 136
sailing vessels. Tho number of sailors id 32,854, and
the entire personnel of tho navy 3l\254.
The navy ol Spain consists of 78 steamers, carrying
556 guns, and 35 sailing vessels, carrying 641 guns.
Ihe Spanish navy is being rapidly increased under a
bill passed in 1S60, at whicn time it had but 86 ves-
sels, cairjing 834 guns. The sailors and marines
numoor 20,966.
Tho Russian navy in 1865 consisted of 258 steamers
and oo sailing vessels. Fifteen of tho steamers are
iron-clads, and several formidable vessels of this
description have since been constructed. The per-
sonnel of the navy is over 60,000.
The smaller European Powers, and those even
without largo commercial interests, have extensive
navies. Italy has 106 vessels, ail steamers, carrying
1,408 guns, and 11,193 sailors. Austria has 39 steam-
ers, carrying 639 guns, 20 sailing vessels, carrying 145
guns, and 13,991 men. Prussia is rapidly becoming a
naval I ower, having at the present timo 98 vessels,
some of them iron-clads, carrying539 guns. Nether-
lands, in lbi>4, had 58 steamers, currying 785 guns, and
ol sailing men-of-war, carrying 936 guns.
.4, ? appropriations which may be made by Congress
will indicate whether our present naval force shall
continue to be maintained or whether it shall be
largely reduced and the vindication of our national
honor and the protection of our commerce and coun-
trymen abroad shall be left to such contingency or
chance visitation of naval vessels as a small naval
force at long intervals may permit. To preserve the
Navy in anything like its present proportions it will
he necessary to make the appropriations for "pay,"
_ construction and repair of vessels/' and "piovi*-
10ns and clothing" equal to the amounts named in
the revised estimates by thi.s Department, and which
have also been indicated upon the accompanying
It should be borne in mind that whatever wars we
may hereafter have with foreign Powers will, in all
probability, bo of a maritime character, and our
future battles are to be fought upon the ocean in-
stead ot the land, by squadrons instead of by armies,
1 have upon several occasions, in my annual re-
ports and otherwise, dwelt upon the necessity tor
increased accommodations in the navv-yards for
building and ropairing vessels of war. During the
recent struggle our deficiencies were sadly apparent,
embarrassiug, and expensive. I do not propose to
arguments so often urged. If we are wise
pro\ imou will bo made m tunc of peace for any con-
tingency that may hereafter arise.
*he ^parent disposition of Congress
not to authorize permanent improvements in the
na\ \-yards at present, as is evident by its refusal to
make appropriations at the last session, and thufaet
year stricken out by the
3h^w-.',T n"tur8? retention even of
eStimJS" as appear ior this purpose in the revised
ftlo^in nii 0 "ave less accommodations and facil-
A ? nuAy-yards than are to be touud in
dock-j ards m Europe and France. The De-
k8 twlce indicated, ia detail, improve-
are needed andthoamoimtsx-etjuiredto
place tile janh in an efficient condition. It is tor
Lu°gI'ess t0 determine whether to make the ueees-
saiy appropriations m accordance with those csti-
® "H0" ,u?elf tl18 responsibility of
format • • to thou-present limited means
iriSh" L°eI>iaYy-« 1 anything is to beappro-
h the objects specified m the revised estimates
aro the most needed. I do adrise, however, and urge
tnat appropriations tor repairs may be made in  e-
