3368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question j and upon a division there
were—ayes seventy-one, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, which
was upon concurring in the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. UPSON. Uponthat.question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was talcen; and there were—
yeas 98, nays 44, not voting 4$ j as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos K. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks. Bea-
man, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine,
Blair, Bo utwelUBroomall.Buckland, Butler, Church-
ill, Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Delano, .Dixon,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Egglcston, El a, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, tfarfield, Gris-
wpld, Harding, Hill, Hooper, Chester X>. Hubbard,
Hulburd. Jenckes, Judd, Kclsey, Ketcham, Koontz,
treorge v. Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Loughridge,
Lynch, Mallorv, Marvin, McCarthy, Mercur, Moore,
Moorhead, Morrcll, Myers, Nowcomb, O'Neill,
Paine, Peters, Pile, Plants, Poland, Polslev, Pom-
eroy, Saum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Scoficld,
bolye, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Thaddous Stevens,
btewart, Stokes. Taylor,Thomas, Trowbridge. Twich-
ell, Upson, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, JamesF. Wilson, John T.Wilson, Windom,
Woodward, and the Speaker—98.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Archer. Barnes, Beck,
Boyer, Brooks, Cary. Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Covo&e, Eldndge, Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner. Golla-
day, Grover, Haight, Hawkins, lligby, Holraan,
Humphrey,Iugcrsoll, Johnson, Jones. Julian, Kerr,
Knott, Jjoan, McCormiek, Mungen, Niblack, Orth,
rruyn, Hobinson, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Aaron
w ^ahcr, Lawrence S.Trimble, Van Trump,
Ward, Thomas Wiihama, and William Williams—44.
NOT V01IN(*—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Axtell,
Barnum, Bromwell, Burr, Cake, Chanler, Cullom,
Hawes, Dodge, Finney, Gravely, Halsey, Hopkins,
Ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Ilubbard, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Hunter, Kell ey, Kitchen, Laflin, William Law-
rence, Marshall, Maynard, McClurg, McCuHough,
Miller, Momssoy, Mullins, Nioholron, Nunn, Per-
ham Phelps, Pike, Prico, Randari, Ross, Stark-
weather, Stone, Tanc, John Trimble, "Van Aernam,
Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Van ^Vyck, fetephen 1. Wilson, and Wood—48.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
report of the committee of conference was
concurred in.
During the call of the roll,
Mr.GETZ said; My colleague, Mr. Ran-
is all, is paired upon this question with my col-
leagues, Mr. Cake and Mr. Stephen F. Wilson,
•j r'i. ^NSWORTH. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the report of the com-
mittee of conference was concurred in; and I
also move that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
_ The SPEAKER. The. vote upon concur-
ring in the report has been once reconsidered ;
it cannot again be reconsidered.
M'KKE VS. YOUNG—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER stated that the House would
now resume the consideration of the Kentucky
contested-election case of McKee vs. Young;
en which Mr. Cook was entitled to the floor.
Mr. COOK. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COOK. I rise now under the rules to
close debate, and of the hour to which I am
entitled I yield thirty minutes to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Adams,) and thirty
minutes to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Upson.]
Mr. ADAMS. I yield ten minutes of my
time to my colleague, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, there are two
distinct questions presented by the Committee
of Elections for the consideration of the House,
which are argued separately, both in the ma-
jority and minority reports. The first in order
is,_ Who was elected by the people? because
if it. turns out that Colonel McKee was elected
there will be neither necessity nor propriety
in this House considering the question as to the
capacity of Judge Young to take the oath and
hold the position.
It is only after this House has determined
that Judge Young has been duly elected bythe
qualified electors of his district, and would,
because of such election, be entitled to his
seat, unless he be laboring under some per-
sonal disqualification, that it either ought to,
or can properly institute an inquiry as to his
qualifications, under the power it claims to in-
quire into the qualifications of its members. It
is_ too late now, after the decisions rendered
with almost (if not) perfect unanimity at the
present session, to contend that the personal
disqualification of Judge Young, if any be
found to exist, can in any way inure to the
benefit of Colonel McKee. His right is de-
pendent on the vote cast, and that has to be
determined before the other question can arise.
I shall, therefore, consider that first, and after
I show, as I can, conclusively, and I mean
what I say, conclusively, that Colonel McKee
has no shadow of claim to the seat, I will
briefly discuss the right of Judge Young to it,
which I hope to establish satisfactorily, even
under the ruling of this House, the legality of
which 1 do not propose in this case to discuss
or controvert. The whole Committee of Elec-
tions, with perhaps one exception, after a
full examination of all the facts, agreed to the
report which they laid before the House on
the 23d of March, 1808, which closed as
follows:
liesoived, That Samuel McKee, not having re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast for Representative
in, JI°use from the. ninth congressional district
oi Kentucky, is not entitled to a seat therein as such
Representative.
That report was made after the most mature
and thorough investigation; which had been
prolonged lor more than eight months, and
after all the questions had been fully discussed
before the committee by the parties and their
advisers, both orally and by printed briefs.
The exact question as to the validity of the
votes cast by men who had been in the rebel
army, and the right of returned rebels to act
as officers of the election, being specially con-
sidered, as the printed briefs laid on tho tables
of members at the time? both of which are now
before me, will show, and the committee thus
disposes of the question as to the votes cast by
the rebel soldiers, and as to the freedom and
fairness of the election:
"The second point relied upon by contestant, in
his notice is that the vote of rebel soldiers, who were
paroled prisoners of war, and who voted for Mr.
Young, should be rejected.
" While the testimony may tend to show that even
more than two thousand paroled rebel soldiers who,
at the date of the election, 1th May, 1867, were with-
out pardon and amnesty, voted for Mr. Young, as the
contestant contends, it is admitted by the contestant
in his brief that the proof is not complete and satis-
factory as to more than seven hundred and sixty-
seven.
"After an examination of the testimony the com-
mittee are not willing to say that more than seven
anc* fifty-two ex-rebel soldiers voted for
Mr, Young. Of those eighty-six are hereafter re-
jected m the entire vote of various precincts for
other causes, which would reduce tlie vote of the
rebel soldiers to six hundred and sixty-six. But the
committee finding that there is no law of Kentucky
disfranchising rebel soldiers, have not been able to
see how those votes can be rejected,
x- ,, w Point in contestant's notice is substan-
tially the same as the second. The fourth is, that in
a number of counties and precincts the freedom of
the election was violated, and Union men prevented,
by reason of threats, intimidation, and force, from
casting their votes for him, (McKee.)
. The committee fail to find this allegation sus-
tained by the testimony."
And on page 10 of this report the committee
proceed, in stating MoKee's claim, to show that
while he claimed that returned rebels could not
act as officers of the election, still he admitted
what the committee unanimously assume can-
not be successfully controverted, that the law
of 11th of March, 1862, (known as the expa-
triation law)—
"Was repealed 19 th December, 1865, which restored
citizenship to those who had been in armed rebellion
&c., that thoy were restored to the right to vote, but
not to the privilege of being election officers."
These views, thus expressed, would seem to
me to be conclusive as to the right of the con-
federate soldiers to vote, both on the com-
mittee and Colonel McKee, and to commit
the committee at least to the fact that there
was no fraud or unfairness in the conduct of
the election. Yet in the face of all this the
same committee, with the. exception, I believe,
of the distinguished gteutlfcman'from Vermont,
[Mr. Poland,] and the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. McClurg,] without any further
proof or argument, reconsidered their former
report, and on the l?th of June submitted to
th'e House the report we are now considering,
closing it with the following resolutions :
liesoived, That J. I). Young was not legally elected
a member of tho House of Representatives of the
Fortieth Congress from tho ninth congressional dis-
trict of Kentucky.
liesoived. That Samuel McKee was duly elected a
member of the House of Representatives in tho For-
tieth Congress from the ninth congressional district
of the State of Kentucky.
In this last report the committee say j ,
"It appears perfectly clear to the committee that
persons who had been soldiers in the rebel army had
no right to vote or to act as officers of election. They
had surrendered to the Government of the United
States upon the condition that each company or regi-
mental officer should iSga a parole for his men, and
each man was allowed to return home not to be dis-
turbed by United' States authority so long as he ob-
served his parole and the laws in force where he
resided. These men were especially excepted from
the amnesty proclaimed by the President May 29,
1865, under the tenth exception, and there appears
to have been no other aot of amnesty up to the timet
of this election which could include theioj they were
paroled prisoners of war."
And they say further;
"The evidence shows conclusively that in many
parts of this district at the time of the election legal
voters wore prevented from voting by threats and
intimidation: many witnesses testified that they
whoKy abstained from votinglestthey should endan-
ger their personal safety, and the proof shows these
fears to have been reasonable."
I desire to use the mildest language possible
iir speaking of this remarkable report. The
simple facts are the severest criticism. That
a committee of t.his House should, in an elab-
orate and carefully considered report, after
patient and thorough investigation, and after
both sides had been fully heard, determine, in
March last, that Colonel McKee was not elected ;
that the returned rebel soldiers were beyond
question legal voters by the laws of Kentucky j
that there was no evidence to sustain the alle-
gation that the freedom of the election had
been violated or Union men prevented from
voting by reason of threats, intimidation, or
force, and that the same committee, without
an additional fact proved, or argument pre-
sented by either party, and without giving any
reason to the House for such a change, should
now report that Colonel McKee was legally
elected; that it is perfectly clear that persons
who had been soldiers in the rebel army had
no right to vote or to act as officers of election :
that the evidence shows conclusively that in
many parts of that district at the time of the
election legal voters were prevented from vot-
ing by threats and intimidation, would appear
to me perfectly incomprehensible but for the
knowledge I have of the fact that the domi-
nant majority allow no obstacle to stand be-
tween them and the accomplishment of their
purposes. I have seen a war avowedly pros-
ecuted to perpetuate the Union and the Consti-
tution, as pledged in the Crittenden resolutions,
converted, for party purposes, into a war of
conquest and subjugation. I have seen the
thirteenth amendment to the Constitution o-f
the United States adopted by reason of the votes
of the Legislatures of States that were after-
ward declared not to be States by the party
taking the benefit of the act. I have seen even
the reconstruction acts, the favorite bantlings
of the Radical party, trampled under foot in
order to put a Stale government unanimously
Radical over the once great State of Alabama.
I have seen the grossest frauds and the most
flagrant outrages perpetrated and indorsed in
order to Africanize and radicalize the other
southern States. I have seen the executive
and the judiciary almost annihilated because
they were obstacles in the onward march of
the majority to consolidation and despotic
power, and therefore I do not wonder at any-
thing that party necessity may demand. This
House may reject Jadge Young; may set aside
his majority of 1,479 votes; all of them as
in is oh entitled to exercise the right of suffrage
as any men in America. It may appoint Col-
onel McKee or any one else to misrepresent his
district; all this will only alld another count
