isea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1821
cordance with the estimates furnished. These esti-
mates have been prepared with care at the different
yards* and when the la^g© number of buildings,
wharves, docks, ships in ordinary, &cM are consid-
ered the amounts are not extravagant, and will, it is
believed, favorably compaio in point of economy
with those of any maritime Power.
In the bill reported by tbeeommittee the estimates
have be^n rcduced about one half, and, m the opin-
ion of the Department, the amounts are in many
respects entirely inadequate tosustain the establish-
ments and keep the property in repair. I do not
believe it economy to commence or to partially repair
buildings or other public property and leave it un-
finished or not properly protected. X have accord-
inglyindicatedin theaceompanymg bill theamounts
considered necessary, and i sincerely hope that the
appropriations may be made in conformity there-
with.
The estimates for the civil service of the several
bureaus at the navy-yards have also been reduced
about one half. The items entering into the esti-
mates for the naval and civil service are all given in
the reports of the several bureaus and in the "esti-
mates of appropriations" prepared by the Secretary
of the Treasury, What particular items the com-
mittee propose to strike out arc not stated. The
Department is furnished with no data. An arbitrary
reduction, without basis and without consultation
with the Department or regard for the service, ap-
pears to have been made. Unless the appropria-
tions asked under this head are granted that thor-
ough system of accounts and accountability necessary
to protect the Government from loss by traud, omis-
sion, and otherwise cannot be maintained. A no-
ticeable instance of this reduction is found in the
amount reported for the support of hospitals—the
care of the sick and wounded of the entire Navy.
The whole amount a&ked lor all the hospitals is
f72,365; but this has been cut down in the bill to
.35,000. The items upon which the estimates are
based will be found upon pages 21tJ, 217, 218, and 219
of my report, and consist of small salaries, none of
them over SI,000, and generally from two hundred
and fifty to five hundred, for the services of nurses,
washerwomen, laundresses, chambermaids, &c. At
the Boston hospital $8,790 )s divided among twenty-
eight employ6s; at the New York hospital $12,076 is
divided among thirty-nine persons; at Philadelphia
$7,590 is apportioned between twenty-five individ-
uals— the whole amount ($72,365) being the entire
compensation of two hundred and nine persons. I
cannot believe that it is the wish of Congress that
any of our hospitals should be closed and the inva-
lids turned adiift, or that by reducing the number
of attendants the sick should not receive proper
care, yet such will be the efiect of the proposed re-
duction of the estimates if carried into effect.
There are many other items upon which similar
comments might be made. I will allude, however*
to but two or three—the amendments 1 have marked
upon the accompanying bill sufficiently indicate their
object. The estimate tor books lor war vessels is
wholly omitted. They are as necessary a part of an
outfit of a naval vessel as anything else placed on
board. Naval officers are liable at any time to be
called upon to act under treaties, local and interna-
tional law, and must have the authorities at hand.
Au existing law provides that no more professors be
appointed in the Navy. Those now in the service,
whom it is proposed to dismiss, hav€rta commission
the same as other officers, and several of them have
held it over a quarter of a century. Is it just to
them to now abolish the office which they have had
as much reason to suppose permanent ns that of any
other grade in the Navy? The "aids" to the Observ-
atory (line 163) do not attach to the personal staff of
the superintendent, but are the computers of the
work done at the institution.
The estimates submitted at the commencement of
the present session were made pursuaut to law last
October, and so far as thopernoanti of thft Navy was
concerned was based on the policy of the present and
preceding year, which had received the sanction and
approval of Congress.
The appropriations made by Congress one year ago
were based on the employment of fifteen thousand-
men in the service. At that time there was 110 inti-
mation from any quarter that a less number would
be required, nor had there been any wish expressed
that there should be a reduction of the force when
the estimates for the ensuing year were made. Con-
sequently, the policy of Congress and the Govern-
ment, so far as it had been indicated, were made the
basis of estimates by the Department and the bu-
reaus. It did not follow that because estimates were
made for the same force which Congress authorized
one year ago that the present Congress would be
prevented from decreasing or enlarging the number
of men in the service. But being the number which
Congress had authorized it was the proper basis on
which to make the estimates that were to be submit-
ted. When Cougress convened it was supposed that
consultation would bo had with the Department, as
heretofore, as to what the public necessities required,
and what could be dispensed with, and that the ap-
propriations would be made to conform to intelligent
and specific results ascertained after such consulta-
tion.
No interviews or consultations, however, were had
with the Department by the Committee on Appropri-
ations, but a resolution of the House of Representa-
tives, on the 25th of November, directing the discon-
tinuance of work on new vessels at the nav.v-yards,
and suggestions incidentally communicated from
ottier sources, that the authorized force would be re-
duced from fifteen thousand to eight thousand five
hundred afiorded sufficient data to justify * revision
of tbe estimates adapted to the new and reduced pol-
iCihaF"-e5uo1ioi), like the original estimates, was
carefully prepared on specific data, and the revised
estimates embraced only such objects as are neces-
sary, or the best interests of the country demands.
The policy of the Department since my connection
with it has been to present full and fair estimates Jor
necessary repairs and improvements, together with
suggestions from the chiefs of the bureaus, the com-
mandants at the several yards, and such other naval
officers as were on duty, deemed worthy of consid-
eration. It has been the steady aim of the Depart-
ment to limit expenditures within the appropria-
tions, and to avoid the expedientsometimespracticed
of making restricted and narrow estimates, and re-
sorting at a succeeding session to deficiency bills to
supply the absolute necessities of the service.
Although the last Congress authorized by appro-
priations the enlistment of fifteen thousand men
the Department, in the exercise of the discretion
which was given it and a judicious economy in its
administration, rcduced the actual force four thou-
sand below this number, and employed but about
eleven thousand men.
I may add that large appropriations were made by
Congress for the construction of vessels in the last
years of the war, but on the suppression of the rebel-
lion and the restoration of peace I deemed it inex-
pedient to carry forward to immediate completion
the work which had been eommenced'with the sanc-
tion of Congress. In consequence of the reduction
and stoppage of work which took place from this
action of the Department large unexpended bal-
ances remained in the Treasury at the close of the
fiscal year ending June 30,1866. In my annual re-
port, December 3,1866, at the commencement of the
second session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, 1 called
attention to the subject of these lirgo balances on
hand, and stated that "it is not believed to be in
accordance with sound public policy in time of peace
to continue such large amounts at the disposal of the
Department"—that "it has heretofore been deemed
essential to correct administration that there should
be annual estimates for proposed expenditures and
specific appropriations therefor, after examination
by Congress, and this Department has no desire to
evade this annual scrutiny."
Congress took no notice, however, of these sugges-
tions, but continued the funds in the hands of the
Department without legislative action. In conse-
quence of this omission or neglect of Congress and
of my continued conviction of the impropriety of
retaining so large an amount, of money subject to the
control and at the disposal of the Department, I, on
theBOlh of September last, requested the Secretary
of theTreasury to carry to the surplus fund §65,000,000,
being tho avails of sales of vessels and other war
property and the balance of appropriations already
referred to.
On what data or basis the appropriations proposed
by the committee are made, and for what specific
purpose many of them are to be expended, the De-
partment is unapprised. The Committee on Appro-
priations have had no consultation or conference with
the Department on the subject, nor docs tho act itself
specify in many particulars.
1 have deemed it my duty to call your attention, as
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, to the
impolicy of impairing and crippling the public ser-
vice, as proposed in the bill reported by the commit-
tee. The Department has no personal ends to serve
in seeking to have suitable appropriations made—
only the best good of the country and the keeping
of that arm of the military service with whose ad-
ministration I am charged in condition to maintain
everywhere and upon all occasions the honor of our
flag and the interests of our country, has been con-
sidered. If Congress withholds the means, and the
power and efficiency of the American Navy is thereby
impaired, I shall at least have the satisfaction of re-
flecting that it is through no neglect of mine; and
if upon a change of Administration it shall be said,
as was remarked soon afterthclastministeiial change
in Great Britain, that " the present Government upon
taking office were alarmed when they saw the ap-
pearance of decrepitude which our national defenses
bore—everything had been apparently pared down
to the exact border-line dividing efficiency from
inefficiency," I shall feel that no part of tbe censure
attaches to me and those associated with me in the
administration of this Department.
Very respectfully, GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon.F. A.PrKE, Chairman Committee on Naval Affaire,
House of Representatives.
Before the reading of the report was con-
cluded,
Mr. PIKE said: I see that members would
perhaps rather read this document in print
than hear it read, and as the reading of the
entire communication would doubtless con-
sume the whole of my time I waive the further
reading, and ask that the entire document be
printed in the Globe.
The CHAIRMAN. Jf there is no objection
it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to discuss
this question; but I wish to ask the acting
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Washburne, of Illinois] or the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs [Mr. Pike]
for an explanation. I find, by examining the
report made by the Secretary of the Navy for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, that there
was at that time a surplus fund of $50,000 to
his credit; and he did not appear to know what
to do with this surplus^ for he speakS of u appro-
priations to the amount of about fifty million
dollars that can be relinquished to tl*e Treas-
ury or may be otherwise disposed of by Con-
gress. It has heretofore," he says, 4<freeft
deemed essential to correct administration that
there should be annual estimates for proposed
expenditures, and specific appropriations there-
for after examination by Congress, and this
Department has no desire to evade this annual
scrutiny," &c. It thus appears that there was
at that time in the hands of the Secretary of
the Nary $50,000,000—not an appropriation,
but a surplus—which he says may be relin-
quished to the Treasury, or ot' which Congress
may dispose as it may deem proper. I want
to know whether this $50,000,000 is any part
of the $65,000,000 that was covered into the
Treasury in September last.
Mr. PIKE. I believe there is a small sur-
plus after paying the current expenditures,
although it is quite impossible to say how much
it will be. The Navy Department keeps a very
large number of accounts with the Treasury
Department, some sixty or seventy, each dis-
tinct fromthe others. A surplusin one account
cannot be transferred to another m which there
is a deficiency. Consequently there are in
many of the accounts amounts that go along
from year to year. In addition to that, the
very largest sums appropriated in this bill do
not go through the Navy Department at all.
Some eight millions of the amount appropriated
iu this bill will not go into the Navy Depart-
ment at all, but into the Treasury, to be drawn
on the requisition of the paymasters, and the
paymasters settle their accounts with the Third
Auditor.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, I understand that; but
I want to know what the Secretary of the Navy
means in this report. I do not wish to impede
the progress of the bill, but I want to under-
stand this matter that X may vote on the bill
intelligently. By referring to the report of
the Secretary of the Navy for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1807, I find that he has in his
his hands unexpended balances amounting to
$117,944,000 48, a tolerably large amount;
and lie asks for this appropriation of $23,000,000
in addition. Then he says:
"The large unexpended balance in theTreasury at
the close of the last fiscal year ia embraced in appro-
priations under more than one hundred different
heads. Many of these are continuous, have been
made for years, their expenditure will be protracted
through years to come, and, though assisting to make
up a large balance, cannot be dispensed with."
It seems that these balances of appropria-
tions are not taken into the estimate that is
made here of these $117,000,000. He goes on
to say:
"There are large amounts, however, under the
heads of 'construction,' 'steam engineering/ 'ord-
nance,' 'provisions and clothing,' and 'fuel,' which
can with propriety revert to the Treasury. No
appropriations under these heads were made for the
current year, and for the ensuing year none are asked.
In the course of time the appropriations would be
exhausted, but it is not believed to be iu accordance
with sound publio policy in time of peace to continue
such large amounts at the disposal of the Depart- •
ment."
What then does lie say?
" Liberal appropriations for the naval service were
made during the existence of the war, but the funds
of the Department wore always carefully and eco-
nomically expended."
I do not know about that. He goes on:
" This fact is attested by the numerous claims of
contractors for relief now before Congress; and the
result is, that the Department is able to complete all
the vessels and engines contracted for before the
close of the war, and designate appropriations to the
amount of about fifty million dollars that can be
relinquished to tho Treasury, or may be otherwise
disposed of by Congress."
This $50,000,000 is not enumerated in the
. $117,000,000 of unexpended appropriations.
I I call the attention of the chairman of the eom-
■ mittee to this point, that there is an appropria-
' tion of $117,000,000 outside of $50,000,000 of
unexpended balance. You will remember at
the last session I offered a resolution——
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman allow me?
' Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
