4394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
acts by the treaty-making power in the future.
But I think that the adoption of the preamble
l;y the House in its original form by a large
majority will he a sufficient answer to any such
claim as against this House.
I hope this will be the last time we will be
placed in such a position through the action
of the treaty-making power; but that hereafter,
before any steps are taken to purchase foreign
territory, the President willobtain the consent
of Congress; for in this case the President,
in my opinion, has been guilty of a high-
handed usurpation, and one for which he de-
serves the severest condemnation. And with
the due notice which has been now given, I for
one, as long as I have the honor of holding a
seat upon this floor, shall never hereafter con-
sider myself under any obligation to vote any
appropriation to carry out a treaty, or to assent
to the provisions of any treaty of purchase or
acquisition of territory unless such treaty meets
with the full assent of my judgment as to its
expediency; and I understand this to be the
settled determination of tliis House. The
House knows its rights, and is aware of its
constitutional prerogatives, and it will maintain
them. I trust this bill will pass ; that this treaty
may be carried into effect.
Mr. BANKS. I owe an apology to mem-
bers of the House for having introduced this
report during the time when by an understand-
ing the business on the Speaker's table was
under consideration. Had I thought of that
1 should not have submitted the report at this
time, and when the regular session of the next
legislative day shall commence I will ask that
so much additional time be given to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table as may be occu-
pied by this report.
Now, in regard to the matter before the House,
the two committees of conference have agreed
unanimously to a report by which the pream-
ble, in my judgment, is made identical in effect
with the preamble as it passed the House of
Representatives. The only question of differ-
ence between the two committees of confer-
ence was whether the preamble, as it passed
the House, claimed for tlic House of Repre-
sentatives a right to participate in the treaty-
making power of the Government. My opin-
ion was and is now that it does not claim any
such power. The Senate conferees thought
differently. My colleague on the committee,
[Mr. IjOughuidge,] who originally moved the
preamble in the House, did not mean that it
should claim on the part of the House a right
to participate in the treaty-making power.
I will state, in substance, the report to which
the committee of conference have agreed. It
is that whenever a treaty is made, and it con-
tains stipulations which require the action of
the two Houses of Congress, the treaty cannot
be carried into effect until that legislation shall
be had. There are three stipulations in this
treaty with Russia. One is that the cession
of territory shall be accepted by the United
States ; another is that the sum of $7,200,000
in gold shall be appropriated for the purchase ;
and a third is that certain conditions in regard
to citizenship shall be executed. The House
has declared, and the committee of conference
has consented to the declaration, that no one
of the stipulations of the treaty with Russia
can be carried into effect except by legislation
to which the assent of both Houses is neces-
sary. The report, therefore, in my judgment,
perfectly sustains the claim of the House.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow
mo to ask him a question?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. The preamble, as agreed
upon by the committee of conference, recites
that the treaty with Russia stipulates for the
payment of $7,200,000, &e., and then goes on
to say that, "Whereas said stipulations" —
referring to the stipulations m the treaty with
Russia—"cannot be carried into fall force
and effect except by legislation to which the
assent of both Houses is necessary," therefore
$7,200,000 is appropriated. To what does the
conference report reter, except the $7,200,000?
Mr. BANKS. Nothing but that, because
the other conditions are to be carried into
effect by legislation hereafter.
Mr. LOGAN. There is nothing in the report
of the committee of conference in reference to
legislation to be had hereafter. Yet the report
refers to the stipulations in the treaty, and
then refers to the appropriation of $7,200,000,
and refers to nothing else.
Mr. BANKS. There is no stipulation in
the treaty that can be carried into effect except
by the consent of the two Houses of Congress.
The stipulation that we carry into effect by this
billis the stipulation for the payment of money.
The stipulation in regard to the government
of that territory and the rights of citizens
there is to be settled by legislation that is to
come hereafter. We embody in this bill a pro-
vision for carrying out only one of the stipu-
lations. The appropriate committees of the
House will hereafter report other provisions.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask one question?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. 'The gentleman says that the
treaty stipulations in reference to the rights of
citizens depend upon acts of Congress here-
after to be passed.
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. The preamble contains this
language:
And whereas it js further stipulated in said treaty
tbat tho United Statesyhall acccpt such cession, and
that certain inhabitants of that tciritoiy shall bo
iuluiitled to the enjoyment of till tho rights and im-
munities of citizens of the United States.
You thus admit these people to all the rights
and immunities of citizens of the United Stales.
I would like to know what future legislation is
required on that point?
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman misunder-
stands entirely both the preamble and the res-
olution. The preamble refers to a contract.
It is not executed. The declaration embodied
by the conference committee in this report is
that it cannot be executed except by consent
of the two Houses of Congress. This House
will decide whether that consent shall be given
or withheld when the Committee on Territo-
ries shall have reported a bill on that question.
A contract has been entered into by the treaty-
making power; but it is unexecuted. The
Government of the United States will not have
assented to it until a bill to that effect shall
have received the assent of the two Houses.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, rose.
Mr. BANKS. 1 yield one moment to my
colleague for a question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
desire merely to ask a question. Will not my
colleague, in a matter of this very great im-
portance, allow a single word of debate on the
side opposed to that which he occupies?
Mr. BANKS. The question has already
been debated at length.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not this
proposition. I want to explain howthis differs
from the proposition heretofore discussed. _ I
would like to know whether this House will
suffer its rights to be trampled on.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I do not yield
the floor for debate. I say to my colleague
that he has already debated this question at
length.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Never
this question.
Mr. BANKS. Yes, this question. He has
occupied as much of the time of this House as
I have. He has had a full opportunity to dis-
cuss this question, as the records will show.
In the present condition of the public business
1 cannot consent that the time of the House
shall be further occupied with this question.
I regret that I introduced the report at this
time. I would not have done so had I known
that the House had set aside this morning for
another purpose.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether he will not give me ten
minutes of his hour? 1 have never taken up
the time of the House in debating this matter.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield for any further
debate.
Mr. LOGAN. Will not the gentleman give
me five minutes?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I move to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered to be put.
The motion was not agreed to, there being—•
ayes 37, noes 74.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference, on which
the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 48, not voting
77 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Arnell, Delos ft.
Ashley, Axtell, Bailey,. Baldwin, Banks. Beck,
JiingtirtiH, Blackburn, 131n3r, Boles, bowen, Jsoyuen,
Buckley, Roderick It. But.ler, Callis, Oary, Churchill,
Keailoi- W. Clarke, Dixon, Doekery, Drigga, Eekley,
Eldridpro, Fields, French, Garfield, Greta, (xlodsbreu-
ncr, Go! lady, (iov, Urover, Haight, Ilalsey, Hamil-
ton, Hawkins, Hcaton, Higby, Hinds, Hooper. Hop-
kins, Hotclikiss, ltuntor. Jenckes, Alexander H.
Jones, Thomas Ju. Jones, ICcllogg, Kerr, Jvetcham.
Kooutz, Lnilin, Lash, Maliory. Marshall, Maynard,
MeOulloush, MeKee.Mercur. Myers, Niblack, Nunn,
O'Neill, Orth, Phelps, Plants, Poland. Pomcroy,
llauin, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Shanks, Smith,
Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, T tber, John Trim-
ble, Twiehell. Burt Van Horn. Vidal, Whittemore,
William "Williams, John T. Wilson. Windom, and
Wood—01.
NAYS—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Baker, Beatty,
Benton, Boutwell, Broomall, Buckland, Benjamin
P. Butler, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Covode,
Oulioin, Delano, Deweese, Eliot, Parnsworth, Ferris,
Gravely, Haushcy, Hill, Jadd, Kelley, Kolsey, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Miller, Moore, Mul-
lins. Paine, Perham, Polsley, Sehenck. Seolield,
Sypher, Taffe, Taylor, Lawrence S. Trimble, Tj*ow-
bridfse, Van Aernam.Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward,
J<]lihu B. Was>hburno. Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, and Welker—48
.NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Allison, Ander-
son, Barnes, Barnum, Benman, Benjamin, Blame,
Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, Burr, Chanler, Cobb,
Cook, Cornell. Dawes, Dodce, Donnelly, Logics ton,
151a, Perry, Pniney, Pox, Griswold, Hardin;' Hoi-
man, Asnhol W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Richard JD. Hubbard, Uulburd, Humphrev, luger-
soll. Johnson, Julian, Kitchen, Ivnott, Geoige V.
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughndge, Lynch, Minn,
Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, McCormick, Moor-
head, Morroll, Morrissey, Mungen, Ne\v< omb,
New haui, Nicholson, Noma, Peters, Pierce, iJike,
Pile, Price, Prnvn. Randall, Robinson, Roots, Selj'e,
Shcllabarger, Sitgreaves. Stone, Thomas, lu>son,
Van Aukcn, Robert T. Van Horn, CadwalarW C.
Washburn, Thomas Williams, Jsunos F. Wilson,
Stephen P.Wilson, Woodbridge, and Woodward—77.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho report was adopted; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider be laid
on the tab]e.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendments, bills of the House
of the following titles:
An act (II. R. No. 218) granting a pen-
sion of seventeen dollars per month to David
Duhigg, of Lyndon, Vermont, father of late
First Lieutenant Dennis Duhigg, of company
M, first regiment Vermont artillery ;
An act (tl. It. No. 256) granting a pension
to George Truax, late a private iu company
H, first regiment Virgiuia volunteers ;
An act (II. It. No. 1164) granting a pension
to Margaret Davis $
An act (H. li. No. 1165) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Cassidy ; -
An act (II. It.^No. 116G) granting a pension
to Louisa M. Williston;
An act (II. II. No. 1167) granting a pension
to Esther Graves;
An act (H. R. No. 1168) granting a pension
to Frederick Denning;
An act (II. 11. No. 1169) granting a pension
to Joseph B. Rodden ;
An act (H. R. No. 1170) granting a pension
to Eliza M. Mathews;
An act (H. R. No. 1171) granting a pension
to William F. Nelson ;
An act (H. R. No. 1172) granting a pension
to Lucinda J. Letcher;
An act (H. R. No. 1173) granting a pension
to Julia A. Barton ;
