3370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
tucky from the Federal Union, shall be recog-
nized as a political party in the State, so as to
demand that the officers conducting any elec-
tion shall be composed in part of the adherents
of such organization ; and 110 judge or sheriff
shall be liable to be indicted or fined for failure
to appoint the members of such political organ-
ization to conduct elections.
It disfranchises no one, disqualifies no one;
is at most only an insti-uction to the county
iudges and sheriffs to ignore all political organ-
izations seeking to separate Kentucky from the
Union, and not to recognize the right of any
set of men to submit that question, or any
question looking to that end, to the people at
tlie polls, yet the Committee of Elections, in
their zeal, blindness, or desperation, have
seized upon this amendment to the law.of
1858, and have attempted to argue that it dis-
qualifies any man from acting as an officer of
any election in the State, 110 matter what the
proposition to be voted on may be ; no matter
what his politics may be when he acts, who
has ever been in any way connected with the
rebellion. According to the arguments made
on the other side, though the election officers
be now as radical as any of the committee;
though he supports the liadical nominees;
though the war has been ended for years, and
there is no party in the laud looking to seces-
sion or rebellion, yet if he at any time took
part in the rebellion, or in any way gave it aid
or comfort, the whole vote of the precinct at
which he was either judge, clerk, or sheriff,
must be rejected, and the votes of hundreds, it
may be of thousands, of legal voters discarded.
Such a construction of that law is sheer folly.
A mere citation of the law, in connection with
that of which it is amendatory, exhausts the
argument. If it is plain that two and two make
four, it is equally so that the law referred to
neither disfranchised, nor disqualified, any cit-
izen of Kentucky from being ari officer of the
election for justices of the peace, constables,
and members of Congress, held on the 4th of
May, 18G7, and all the efforts of gentlemen on
the other side to reject 883 votes cast for Young
over McKee 011 that ground, as is done in the
last report, only show how little either law or
facts are regarded when party ends are to be
subserved.
There is, perhaps, a little more plausibility in
the suggestion made in the first report of the
committee, that the law of 1858, which required
an equal division of the officers of the election
between the two political parties, had been vio-
lated, as the proof shows that at a number of
the precincts a majority of the officers voted
for Judge Young.
In auswer to thai, I would say that it makes
no sort of difference whether all these precincts
are counted or rejected, because even if they
are all rejected Judge Young's majority is
nearly six hundred, as the report of the com-
mittee admit, if the vote of the returned con-
federate soldiers east at other precincts are
counted, as they must be. I would say fur-
ther that the law only fines the officers for
failing to make the appointments as therein
required; it is not contemplated by it anywhere
that the legal voters of the precincts shall by
any neglect, oversight, or mistake of the county
judges or sheriffs be deprived of their right of
suffrage ; that acts of officers de facto are (es-
pecially in the absence of all fraud, and none
is pretended to have existed here) valid, and
the rights of third persons will be guarded and
protected as though the acting officers were
appointed according to all the forms of law, is
a principle recognized by the courts of every
State in the Union.
I suppose it will haidly be contended that an
officer of an election had necessarily aban-
doned his party because he refused to vote for
Colonel KcKee to represent his district in the
Fortieth Congress. That is the only evidence
lie oftVrs to sustain the charge that the Repub-
lican party did not have the proper proportion
of election officers at several of the precincts.
To assume that is to assume that he is the
embodiment of Republican principles, faith,
and practice, and that a failure to indorse him
personally, morally, and politically, is to de-
stroy the political status of the recusant, and
ostracize him as a traitor to his principles—a
high and arrogant pretension, surely. I ob-
serve by the returns set forth in the brief of
Colonel McKee that he received six hundred
less votes in 1807 than he did in 1865, and about
one thousand less than the Union candidate
(as he calls him) received in 1866. Were all
those men false to their principles, or did they
refuse to vote for Colonel McKee for personal
reasons satisfactory to themselves ? The pre-
sumption, in the absence of proof, is in favor
of the latter. Who nominated Colonel McKee
as the Republican candidate to represent that
disliict in this Congress? The record fails to
show that anybody did. He undeitook the
race on his own responsibility, calling himself
a liadical, amd men voted for him or not, just
as they pleased. The officers who acted in
May, 18G7, were doubtless appointed as fair
representatives of their respective parties at
the time of their appointment, and without
any suspicion that a contest would arise in
which special personal feally to Colonel Mc-
Kee, at a particular time, should be made the
test of an officer's political status. Even sound
Republicans might well refuse lo vote for him
or for any individual who sets himself up as
the leader of«thc party ; and when he under-
takes, as he does, to rely on that failure, he
ought to be required, at least, to. show that the
difference was of a political and not of a per-
sonal nature. This he utterly fails to do—
fails to show that at least half the officers so
appointed had not previously acted with the
Republican party. The report of the commit-
tee, made by Mr. McClukg, while it seems to
admit the correctness of the views I have
stated, says, after setting forth the number of
precincts at which a majority of the officers
of the election voted the same ticket, (I pre-
sume for Judge Young,) ."a sufficient number
of votes are shown by the poll-books to have
been given for Mr. McKee to prove that elec-
tion officers could have been selected from his
friends." The committee do not say that
these officers were not selected at the time of
their appointment from the political party to
which Colonel McKee professed to belong,
which is all that in any event the law requires,
but that they were not selected from among
his friends. How, I ask again, could the
county judges and sheriffs know who Colonel
McKee's friends were. Other State officers
were to be elected at the same time who might
with equal propriety have claimed that their
special friends should be appointed.
Why did he not before the election make
known the fact that tliey were not his friends,
so that his friends could have been substituted.
He does not pretend that he lost a single vote
by the misconduct of any officer. He made no
complaint beforehand, though the appoint-
ments had been publicly made two months be-
fore, and the votes of these men were all on
record at the regular stated election in August,
1866, when the Union candidate, according to
his own table, received in the district nearly
one thousand more votes than he did in May,
1867. It is now too lale, even if there is any-
thing in the question, which I deny, for Colonel
McKee to seek to avail himself of the technic-
ality. There were three parties in the field
in May, 1867 : Judge Young representing the
democratic party, Mr. Green the Conservative
Union party, and Colonel McKee the Radical
party. The officers could not be so appointed
as to represent each equally. Someyears before
there were but two parties, calling themselves
Democratic and Union parties. The Radicals
advanced, the Conservatives hung hack, a split
occurred, and a triangular race ensued, the
great mass of the Conservatives have united with
the Democracy, and the Radicals in Kentucky
themselves are still very far from being a unit
011 the present issues. Colonel McKee had
taken occasion while a member of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, e^speciallyon the 20th of March,
1866, (see Globe, vol. 57, pages 1526-27,) to
vilify and traduce his State and her people on
this floor in a manner that met with no response
from the moderate, well-informed portion of
his own party. His justification of the arrest
and imprisonment of Colonel Wolford and
Colonel Jacob, as gallant officers as any in the
Federal service ; his wholesale slanders of the
circuit judges of his State, all of whom had been
elected in 1862 as undoubted Union men, and
are so still; his charges that rebels were pro-
tected while loyal men were prosecuted by the
courts and the people were all known Lo be
such false and unfounded aspersions that many
of the best men of his party repudiated him
and them. For I am not partisan enough to
deny that there are very many members ofthe
Radical party in Kentucky of the highest per-
sonal character, who would repel all such cal-
umnies, and who would refuse to indorse by
their vote or countenance any member ot
their party who would utter them. How far
these things influenced the officers of the elec-
tion to vote against Colonel McKee I do not
pretend to know ; but the presumption is that
the county judges did their duty in the appoint-
ment of officers until some proof is adduced
to the contrary.
The Committee of Elections in the case of
Blakey vs. Grolladay, from Kentucky, at the
present session, lay down the true rule. They
say:
" Theattention of tho committee has notboen called
to any provision in the statutes oi Kentucky pre-
scribing in what manner the several county courts
are to define political parties and ascertain the exact
political faith of eaca appointee, so as to enable
them to comply with the provisionsof these statutes.
Obviously they cannot resort to the poll-book ofthe
next election, the tests to which the claimants have
appealed to show that the statutes have been disre-
garded, for they are required to make the appoint-
ments long before these poll-books have any exist-
ence. No poll-book of an election to be held after
the appointment is made can afford evidence to guide
in making the appointment. If i*esort is to he had
to the poll-book of the election ncx.t preceding the
appointment to determine the political status ot the
several appointees, then, for aught that' appear* in
this ease, those poll-books would show that status to
be what the law requires, for no evidence Irom thesfc
poll-books or elsewhere was offered to show how
these several officers of election voted at the election
next preceding their appointment. If personal
knowledge of the political opinions of men on the
part ot the eounty judges, or general political repu-
tation, are to be the guide m making the appointment
ofthe officers of election, it is difficult to see in what
manner this committee could determine that the
statute had not been complied with in making the
appointment. It is sufficient, however, to say that
there was no offer of evidence that any such test was
disregarded."
The language of that report applies quite as
well to this case as it did to the case of Golla-
day, and is just what we contend for. The
truth is, Mr. Speaker, there never was more
than a mere handful of Radicals in Kentucky,
according to the now recognized tenets of the
party. Colonel McKee had to deny everywhere
throughout his district that he was in favor of
negro suffrage, and however zealous he may be
for it here he could not go back to his district
and get the support of a corporal's guard in any
county unless he continued to deny it. Our
people with signal unanimity believe that the
white is superior to the negro race : that this
is a white man's Government; that in time of
peace the military is and must be subordinate
to the civil authority; that the' Constitution
turnishes a rule for the government alike of
rulers and people, North and South, and we
intend to show our faith by our works in No-
vember next.
It ought not to be matter of amazement to
the liadical party that men who voted with
them in Kentucky in 1866 voted against them
in 1867. You have only to look at the changes
that have taken place all over the country.
Where are your overwhelming majorities m
New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and elsewhere,
on the faith of whose support you launched out
on the experiment of congressional omnipo-
tence and negro equality? Gone! gonel be-
cause of your own illegal and oppressive legis-
lation, aud are now incorporated into the
j ranks of your opponents. Surely it is to be
expected that men in Kentucky whose votes
in 1866 showed them to be acting with the
