2346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
that are on the desks of members every month,
I am perfectly clear—my mind could not be
clearer on any subject—that those two gentle-
men had no notion whatever, any more than I
had or any other man had, that they were a
party to any scheme.
Now, I have received a letter from Judge
Black, dated the day before yesterday, and I
■will ask the Clerk to read it, and that will end
all I have to say.
The Clerk read as follows:
York, April 28, 1868.
My Deak Sir : The newspapers talk wildly about
iny retirement from the impeachment case. Some
oi them put Mr. Johnson in "the interesting pre-
dicament of an ill-used gentleman," because 1 am
not defending him before the Senate. Mr. Nelson
said very absurd things in his speech the other day.
W hat is worse, they assert (by innuendo at least) that
someot theliadiculs in Congress had a mischievous
purpose in oxprcssing their opinion that justice
ought to be done to the owners of Alta Vela. 1"
want you to understand and remember two or three
point)-.
^ 1. I knew nothing nboutthe paper until it went
into the hands of the President. 1 never in my life
spoke to any of the signers about the ease except to
you, and not to you until alter the date of the paper.
2. You certainly eonld have had no design to make
a breach between the President and me; for, when I
told you LUat his conduct and the misconduct ot
feeward might compel mo to deolino acting as his
counsel, you advised me not to decide hastily on a
question of so much moment to my professional rep-
utation.
3. 1 never saw or heard anything from which it
could bo inferred that you or any other member of
Congress isigncd the paper in question for any reason
except because it expressed yourreal convictions.
4. lou know certainly that my retirement was not
prompted by anybody. It was my own act, for which
I alone am responsible, and it was done because I
lelt mvself morally forccd to it.
5. The story that I gave the President his choice
between a decision ot the Alta Vela case and the
loss of my services as counsel is all false. Prom first
to last I never a^ked him to do anything in it except
on the ground of pure justice. I distinctly told him
that 1 did not want it as a favor to me. When I
found that Seward's policy was stronger than legal
duty I was done. But Mr. Johnson did not know
until he had given his last word that it would or
might have the effect of dissolving our relations. I
have nothing to sav against the magnanimity and
courage forwhich Mr. Nelson gives him credit, only
this : that there was no necessity tor showing those
qualities to me; I did not put him to any test what-
ever.
I am, most respectfully, yours, &c.,
Tr T . _ J. S. BLACK.
Hon. J. A. Garfield.
Mr. GARFIELD. Allow me otic word
more. The signatures that were added to the
letter when the copy was in here were, so fur
as I know, all added within five minutes. At
least I know of three signatures, the two that
I have named and that of and
theywere added in the same unconcerted and
hurried way in which we sign hundreds of
papers here. I have had this letter read for a
twofold purpose, for, whatever may be Judge
Black's political opinions or his political status,
I should feel myself very unworthy if I made
an insinuation or, as far as I could help it, per-
mitted an insinuation that he had done a dis-
honorable thing in this matter.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Can the gentleman state
the date of that?
Mr. GARFIELD. The letter is dated the
day before yesterday.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman said that
all that occurred in the House in relation to
the letter occurred within the space of five
minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD. I spoke of the signa-
tures.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that: but
when was that?
Mr. GALhIELD. It was the copy bearing
the same date as the original letter. It was
some time in the month of March. I cannot
tell the precise date. The original letter was
copied entire, and the other signatures were
added to the copy of the original letter.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was this after the date
that the copy bore ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I think it was about the
IGili of March, but I cannot fix the precise
dale.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That corresponds with
the statement of Mr. Chauncey F. Black, and
his letter iuclobing the copy with the additional
signatures to the President would fix the date
of the transaction.
Mr. BUTLER. Allow me to call your at-
tention to that. He speaks not of the original
letter, but of the copy, as 3^ou will see by his
affidavit before you.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman may
read it.
Mr. BUTLER. He says:
"Some considerable time after I had forwarded
tho original I sent this copy so signed to the Pres-
ident."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Now, the time when this
copy was sent, I understand Chauncey F. Black
in his affidavit to say, can be fixed by the date
of the letter which inclosed that copy to the
President.
Mr. BUTLER. The original?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Noj he states it in ref-
erence to the copy, as the gentleman will find.
I cannot be interrupted further. I think the
gentleman will lind it so 011 examination.
Now, I intend to make 110 insinuation
against either of these managers. My per-
sonal relations with them are such that r have
110 desire to cast any imputation upon them.
But here stands before the country a grave
charge in regard to them. And I say the same
thing in regard to Judge Black. I know him
well; I would be as unwilling to believe any
wrong of him as can be his friend from his own
State, [Mr. Woodwaiid. ] Therefore, as I have
before said, I make no charges against him.
But hero stands the fact before the country, in
regard to which a committee of investigation
can satisfy the country. Here stands the
charge against the managers : four of the man-
agers writing a letter to the President,, or writ-
ing abetter which was sent to the President,
insisting upon the legal right which Judge
Black and his firm of lawyers were endeavor-
ing to enforce ; Judge Black and his firm of
lawyers asked that a vessel of war should be
sent to enforce the claim of tho parties whom
they represented.
Here is the letter written (the gentleman says
he thinks it was written in February) bearing the
date of March 9, in which language is used
which means, if it means anything, that tho
President ought to have done precisely what
Judge Black and hisfirra of lawyers claimed that
ho should do, to wit: to have enforced, by all
the power at his command, consistentwit.il the
honor and dignity of the nation, this claim of
these parties upon the island of Alta Vela.
The claim of the lawyers and that of Mr. Man-
ager Butleii are identical; both insisting that
the rights of these parties should be maintained
by the power of the Government—-by all its
power ; the one asking that a war vessel, and
the other asking that all the power of the Gov-
ernment should be used to maintain the claim
of these parties upon Alta Vela.
There also stands before the country the fact
that Judge Black had been engaged as one of
the counsel of the President; that for some
reason, personal to himself, he deemed it proper
to withdraw from'the defense of the President.
Now, it matters not whether Judge Black him-
self knew what was to be done with this letter,
whether he had anything to do with procuring
it, or whether it was procured by Colonel
Shaffer, or the younger Mr. Black for the pur-
Dose of operating upon the mind of the Presi-
lent. In either case, if the managers knew
that such use was to be made of the letter, then
their motives would be such as have been
charged against them. If they did not know
it; if they did not write the letter for any such
purpose, then why do they resist an investiga-
tion by a committee? Why do they shrink
from that?
They need not charge, as wascharged by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler ]
and the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logax']
that this matter was dragged before the country
and into the impeachment case by the Presi-
dent. That is not so. All know that the first
intimation in reference to the Alta Vela case
was contained in the charge made in the speech
of Governor Boutwell. that the President had
undertaken to ruin Judge Black, and drive him
from the case. It therefore became necessary
for Mr. Nelson to answer the charge thus made.
Mr, SCIIENCK. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman pair
with me? I want to go away from here.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman always
treats me with so much kindness and courtesy ;
he always expresses his opinions here with
such a sweet and smiling.face, and in such a
kind manner that I ain always willing to yield
to anything he asks.
Sir, I say that this matter was dragged before
the country by the managers themselves; for
it is to be presumed that the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan',] and the other managers
acted in concert in regard to the speeches
which they put before the country ; that Mr.
Boutwell made such a speech as accorded with
the views of the managers. This is the fair
presumption; and it seems to me it should be
the desire of ev'ery one of those managers that
tho facts should come out, that they may be
exculpated from the charge which is made
against them in the public prints.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in consequence of the
interruptions 1 have experienced I have said
much more than I had expected to say. Let
me repeat, that there maybe no mistake about
this matter, that I have spoken from no per-
sonal ill-will toward any of the managers or
toward Judge Black or toward any other per-
son who may be connected with this case.
Mr. Speaker, I now yield fifteen minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. ROSS. If the gentleman front New
York will give way I will move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. BROOKS. I prefer to go on now. Mr.
Speaker, before I sit down, I desire to say a
few words in reply to the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Air. Butler ;] but in
the first place I wish to refer briefly to the law
bearing upon this case of Alta Vela. The act
of August 18, 185G, contains this provision :
That when any citizen or citizens of the United
States may have discovered, or shall hereafter dis-
cover, a deposit of guano on any island, rock, or key
not known within the lawlul jurisdiction ot any other
Government, and not occupied by the citizens of any
other Government, and shall take peaceable posses-
sion thereot, and occupy the same, said island, roek,
or key may, at the discretion of the President of the
United States, be considered as appertaining to tho
United btates."
I also hold in my hand the acts of the re-
public of St. Domingo of 1844 and 1854.
J hese two acts passed by that republic at two
different times show clearly that this was not
a newly-discovered island, but that it was rec-
ognized as within the legal jurisdiction of St.
Domingo. The law of 1844 contains the fol-
lowing provision:
■ ",A?"cle2. Tho province of Compostcla <Ie Azua
is divided into nmp communes, namely, Azua, (tho
capital of the: province,) Neyba, San Juan, Hinch.i,
LasMatasdcIarian, Banica, Caobas, San iiaiael, and
a?t™iT§U* *1, e miht«ystation ofBaraona will bu
attached to tho commune ot Azua, as the nearest
and 1 etitru to that ot Neyba. The adjacent islands
Vela 0n Province are Beata and Alta
In the law of 18o4 it is provided as follows:
. '*• fhe province of Compostcla do Azua
Unl'Ifli 0 to lowingcommiMcs : Azua. (cap-
ital of the province.) Xevha. i„.,„ t„. u
thecommune.of Xeyba.
pending on this province arc Beata and Alta Veia."
Thus it clearly appears that these were not
nev!d"fS?i0Vr lslands> but were islands an-
nexed to the Government of St. Domingo and
lecogmzed as coming within its jurisdiction.
oWo°„I' fT' a ie7 WOwS in reP!^ to the honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bcr-
nnf' rTr ' iaS wel'a,s the gentleman from Illi-
the nni 1 • ilas choSRn t0 assa l me for
biln^tnt f i1' 1 6 take" in tWs debate. In
Rnnw r !na"er to the attention of the
no actuated goodmotives. 1 had
of tho*eh ^ any ""l1"4^0" «pon either
ot those honorable gentlemen, but simply to
