1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1323
amount of $60,000,000 which have not been
expended, or the expenditure of which has not
been properly accounted for. That certainly
ought to be explained before we vote even
the greatly reduced estimates of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations which are asked for this
branch of the service.
Mr. SPALDING. With the permission of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, I desire to
ask one question. Suppose it be true that the
Secretary of the Navy has stolen $00,000,000,
must we not make the appropriations needed
for the efficiency of the naval service?
Mr. BANKS. I acknowledge that. Iam
willing^ to follow the Committee oil Appropri-
ations in their suggestions on that subject.
Mr. SPALDING-. Let me say further that
this document explains the whole.
Mr. BANKS. Bat when the Secretary asked
for a large sum, much larger than that reported
by the committee, and tells us as the reason of
that increase which he recommends that., in-
stead of employing fifteen thousand men, he will
be obliged to reduce the force to eight thou-
sand men, which I believe is the statement first
made in his letter, then it becomes of great
importance to us to know whether this enor-
mous sum heretofore appropriated and not ex-
pended or accounted for still remains in the
Treasury subject to future orders of the Navy
Department.
Now, Mr. Chairman, my reason for sug-
gesting this is of a practical character. I am
not instructed by anybody connected with this
Department of the Government in the district I
represent as to the condition of affairs in the
several navy-yards, because the orders of the
Government forbid any man in the employ of
the Department to give any information what-
ever to a member of Congress upon this sub-
ject. I understand that there has been an
entire reorganization of the departments in the
various navy-yards, and a system has been
adopted which 13 not only not authorized by
law, but which is in contravention of both the
traditions of the Department and the laws of
the country. Instead of there being but one
navy-yard at Charlestown, Massachusetts, there
are in fact four or five, each having separate
heads, separate corps of officers, separate equip-
ments of machinery, and calling for distinct
and separate expenditures of the same general
character in each of these departments or
bureaus.
-I am informed, upon what I believe to be
entirely reliable, though not official, authority,
that in fact there are employed in the engineer
department or bureau a chief engineer, a
storekeeper, painters, masons, blacksmiths,
boilermakers. founders, coppersmiths, pattern-
makers, and house joiners. And it is an im-
pression, whether well or ill founded I cannot
say, among the people that there is a very
large sum of money, some say as large as
$50,000,000, unappropriated in the engi-
neer department out of which is taken the
amount necessary for the expenditures made
in this and other departments of that yard. Is
it not possible that this impression which
obtains among outsiders there, and which
grows out of the fact that large expenditures
are. constantly made which are not provided
for in the annual appropriations made by Con-
gress, which are always carefully examined by
the people in the vicinity of these yards ; may
be the very fund to which the gentleman from
Illinois has referred, as the unexpended bal-
ances of former appropriations which, by the
laws of the land, ought to have lapsed into the
Treasury? In other departments it is said the
same classes of officers and mechanics are em
ployed as in the engineer department. In the
naval construction department there are ship-
carpenters, ship-joiners, painters, spar-makers,
boat-builders, block-makers, coopers, caulkers,
plumbers, tin-workers, coppersmiths, black-
smiths, a storekeeper, a machinist, iron-
platers, riggers, and pattern-makers, and sep-
arate shops are, or will be, required for these
workmen, and an expenditure of some forty
or fifty thousand dollars for machinery for the
separate use of this department.
In the bureau of yards and docks, in the
same yard, there are masons, carpenters, join-
ers, painters, plumbers, turners, coppersmiths,
blacksmiths, a storekeeper, riggers, &c. I have
been informed that nearly one hundred thousand
dollars have been expended to move material
from one shed in this yard to another, in con-
sequence of this unauthorized and apparently
inexpedient reorganization to which I have al-
luded. And it is supposed that separate shops,
sheds, or yards are to be provided for all these
different classes of workmen.
In the ordnance department in the same
yard there are these—a storekeeper, a black-
smith, a rigger, carpenters, joiners, gun-car-
riage makers, painters, coopers, masons, engi-
neers, machinists, leather workers, and sail
makers for making bags, with a separate engi-
neer.
In the bureau of equipment there is a full cap-
tain in charge as superintendent, sail-makers,
riggers, a storekeeper and rope-makers. And
in the bureau of navigation there is a store-
keeper, who keeps his own goods.
Each of these bureaus employs a clerk to
call the rolls of laborers, as though it was a
separate department of the Government. They
borrow at times workmen from each other;
they apply money to expenditures without re-
sponsibility to any other Department of the
Government, the work in each department
being charged to the particular ship upon which
it is expended. Each of these departments
must have its distinct head and its separate
machinery. A board or a plank to be planed
for one department is earned directly past a
planing machine on the ground floor into the
upper stories of the same building because the
work to be done is for a different bureau and
under orders of a different officer. For each
one of these departments there must be sepa-
rate machinery prepared, costing large sums
of money. It is said, I know not with how
much truth, that the completion of estimates
for machinery already made will cost three or
four hundred thousand dollars.
Under the old sjstem there was but one
master-blacksmith for the yard, one master-
joiner, one master-carpenter, &c., instead of
all these sepaiate depaitments. There are but
one blacksm.th shop and one machine-shop
for all departments. Each master-workman
was responsible for the wink done in each
class, and one shop sufficed for the same pur-
pose. Now the master-workmen are disrated;
they are unjustly and unwisely reduced in rank
and in pay, and their places supplied by war-
rant officers of tiie Navy. Theie are but few
exceptions to this rule; and those exceptions,
it is said, relate mainly to the relatives or favor-
ites of those in authority in the bureaus of the
Navy Department. These changes must lead
to an unnecessary and inexcusable increase in
the number of officers and an enormous and
wasteful increase in the expenditures of public
money. The mere statement of the case shows
that there are unexpended appropriations of
some character existing somewhere out of
which these extraordinary expenses are paid;
because it is well known to members of the
House, as to all persons elsewhere interested
or well informed as to the condition of public
affairs, that they are not and never have been
provided tor in the annual appropriation bills
for the Navy Department. For whose benefit
are these expenditures incurred? Not for the
people, for their taxes are increased and their
work not as well or as cheaply done as for-
merly. It is not for the benefit of mechanics,
either in the employ of the Government or of
private contractors, for their calling is discred-
ited if not dishonored by the supervision of
naval'officers, and their rank and pay unjustly
diminished. It is not for the benefit of the
Government, because the efficiency of the ser-
vice is in no sense improved in proportion to
the increased expense.
As to economy, a statement relating to one
department alone—the machine shop—is suf-
ficient to show what must be the general ope-
ration of this new system. With about the same
number of men employed and the same amount
of work done in 18G0 and 1866 the difference
in the number and the per diem compensation
of what are familiarly called "overlookers"
or superintendents in chief and in ordinary
was—in 1800 there were sixteen, with compen-
sation each day amounting to $52 75 ; in 1866
the number of men employed of the same class
and forthe same purposes was sixty-two, with a
daily compensation of $205 25. The increase
in the number of men employed under the
different systems of labor existing in 1860
and 1806 was forty-six and the increase in the
cost to the Government was $152 50 each day.
In 1867 there were forty-six naval officers
employed in the yard at Charlestown. I do not
know that these figures are exactly correct, but
they are given to me by men whom I know to
be honorable men, believing what they say to
be true, and who have 110 other interest in the
matter than that which is the true interest of the
public service. This is but a single illustration
of the relative economy of the new system as
compared with the old in but one of several
departments.
Another relates to the comparative cost of
sail-making under the superintendence of ci-
vilians as compared with that conducted by
warrant officers of the Navy. I am informed,
upon what I can scarcely doubt to be reliable
authority, that the cost of making sails for the
frigates Merrimerreck and Hartford, required
for sea service, prepared at Charlestown under
the direction of a master sailmaker from civil
life employed for nearly twenty years at that
yard, was $6,857 08, while the same work for
the frigates Ohio and Richmond, fitted out at
other yards under the management of warrant
officers, cost the Government §19,732 85—an
excess in the cost of sail equipment for two
frigates of $12,876 83. This is a specimen of
economy in another department. If it be not
correct it ought to be known, for such state-
ments are made by those who ought and who
profess to know, and are-believed by many of
the best friends of the Government, and espe-
cially of the Navy Department.
There is one sample of economy introduced
at Charlestownlastyear, I believe, in themode
of conveyance of one of the officers and his as-
sistant from the upper to the lower part of the
yard, in the shape of a steamboat, kept ex-
pressly for their use, which was fired up and
manned by an engineer, a fireman, and one
deck hand, at an expense of about fifteen or
twenty dollars per day. Two trips per day is
the extent of their day's work.
There are other considerations relating to
the recent discharge of mechanics from the
navy-yards to which I would like to refer, but
time is not allowed me for that purpose at this
moment. I hope before the consideration of
other parts of the bill is completed to have the
opportunity. What I desire to say in conclu-
sion is this: that I am not only willing but
desirous to give to the Navy Department liberal
appropriations forthe nextfiscal year. Any
imputation from any quarter, here or else-
where, of a different character, so far as it ap-
plies to me, is without any justification what-
ever.
But I desire, as the House manifestly de-
sires, to know the exact character of the unex-
pended balances of previous appropriations,
and also to be satisfied that appropriations now
made, besides being necessary for the public
service, are to be so applied as to secure the
largest amount of work for the lowest price,
and to give employment to worthy, skillful, de-
serving, and patriotic workingmen, instead of
being used to bolster up wasteful and novel
systems of labor and to compensate naval offi-
cers for superintending mechanical enterprises
and mechanics, when they ought, in justice,
Qnd no doubt would be glad, to be engaged in
attending to the legitimate duties of their profes-
sion as officers of the Navy. If this information
