THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
plication. He is the Commandcr-in- Chief of I
your armies. The country was in a state of j
war ; peace had not been declared v. hen these I
measures of liis were undertaken. It was I
necessary to protect the country against dis- i
banded armies, against the ravage and the ;
ruin that were likely to follow in the wake of
thousands upon thousands of soldiers who were
discharged and turned loose upon the country.
1 repeat, there was no time to falter, no time
to hesitate, no time in which even to ask the !
judgment and the aid of the Congress of the
"United States. He was forced to act; and if,
in the construction of the powers and duties
that belong to him as President of the United
States, as Commander-in-Chief of your Army,
as the principal executive olficer in the land,
your President mistook his powers, if he miscon-
ceived them, if he fell into the error into which
you may say that Mr. Lincoln, his lamented
predecessor, had fallen, I ask you, gentlemen,
is there to be no charity, no toleration, no
license, no liberality for a difference of opin-
ion? Have we gone back two hundred years
in the history of the world to the period when,
as you all know, it was customary, especially
in regard to religious opinions, to burn at the
stake for differences in opinion ; or do we live
in the midst of the light of the nineteenth cen-
tury, when the Gospel is spread abroad, when
a liberal and enlightened spirit characterizes
the age, when the human mind has been devel-
oped in such form and to such extent as the
world never witnessed before? I ask you, Sen-
ators, is he to be judged in the spirit of the
dark and the Middle Ages ; are you to go back
to the history of the midnight of mankind in
order to find a rule for his conduct; or are you
to judge him with a liberal, enlightened, patri-
otic judgment, and give his conduct the weight
to which it is entitled?
I maintain on this great subject that the
President in his position as the chief executive
otlicer of the land was entitled to form a judg-
ment; that-he was compelled to form it; and
that even if his actions were erroneous and con-
trary to the Constitution, if he was governed
by honest and correct and upright motives, his
honesty and integrity of motive in this court
or any court under the heavens is a shield and
a protection to liim against all the darts that
may be leveled at him from any quarter, high
or low. The servant that knew his master's
will and did it not was punished ; but never
the servant who did not know his master's will
or who erred, and honestly erred, in the exer-
cise of the best judgment and reason he pos-
sessed.
Senators, I maintain that this cursory glance
at the history of the country and of the differ-
ence of opinion that exists between Congress
and the President is sufficient to show that he
was animated by upright and correct motives,
and that he ought not to be judged in the
spirit in which the honorable Managers ask
that he shall be judged; his acts ought not to
be condemned ; but you ought to give him at
least the merit of having had reason to act in
the manner in which he did act.
Without dicussing the questions, but taerely
for the purpose of recalling the attention of
Senators to certain dates, 1 beg leave to re-
mind you, as I have already done, that, accord-
ing to Mr. Stanton's own testimony in another
investigation, which has been publish d under
the authority of Congress, the President of the
United States endeavored to carry out what he
believed to be the policy of Mr. Lincoln ; and
after referring to some few dates and circum-
stances I shall pass from this part of the his-
tory of our country without undertaking to dis-
cuss the merits of the difference of opinion
between Congress and the President. I only
allude to it for the purpose of relieving him
from the charge of being a usurper, a traitor, a
tyrant, a man guilty of every crime known
under the heavens!
Mr. Lincoln, in his proclamation of July 8,
1864, stated that he had failed to approve the
first reconstruction bill passed by Congress on
the 2d of July, 1864, and had expressed an
Supplement—19.
unwillingness to set aside the constitutions of i
Ailiausa3candLouiMd.ua. In his proclamation
of December B, 1803, he had invited—maik
my language — lie had invited the people of
the rebellious States to form new constitution", ,
to be adopted by not less than one tenth of the ,
voters vlio had voted at the presidential elee- ,
lion of 1 Si;o, each of whom should take the •
oath of amnesty prescribed by his proclania- ;
tion. President, Johnson, as you know, when
lie came into power, recognized Governor Peir-
point's government in Yi.ginia, a government,
if I am correctly informed as to its history,
actually embracing only a few counties of the
State of Virginia during the war; but which
the Congress of the United States thought,
and rightfully thought, was sufficiently well
organized to justify it in consenting to the
formation of a new State, now known as the
State of West Virginia.
This is the correct statement, of the case, if I
am not misinformed as to the facts of history ;
and, Senators, you will pardon me if 1 should
fall into errors on these subjects, because, as
I have stated to yoy, I am no politician. It is
like carrying coals to Newcastle or telling a
thrice told tale for any of us to aigue these
questions before Senators and ltepresentatifes
who are much more familiar with tliem than
we are, and if I should fall into any errors I
beg you to believe that they are errors of igno-
rance and not of design. 1 know the great
superiority that the gentlemen who are Man-
agers in this cause have over ns in their knowl-
edge of these matters, because each member
of the House of Representatives and every Sen-
ator in reference to these subjects may say of
himself "pars/('<?;" you have all been con-
cernedin them and t,hey are much more familiar
to you than they are to me. Still, Senators, I beg
leave to remind you that President, Johnson
recognized the Peirpoint government. That
government was recognized as the Slate gov-
ernment of Virginia under an election held by
the people of that, State, and under that elec-
tion West Virginia was formed into a now
State, and all this was done, if I am not mis-
informed, without any act of reconstruction
being passed by the Congress of the United
States.
When President Johnson came into power,
and saw that the Congress of the United States
had recognized the existence of the State of
Virginia and had formed West Virginia into a
new State within her jurisdiction, was he not
justified in the belief that by recognizing the
Peirpointgovernment lie was pursuing not only
the policy of Mr. Lincoln and the parly that
elevated him to power, but the policy of the
Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States? Surely so; and if he com-
mitted an error it was an error of the head and
not an error of the heart, and it oughtnot to be
made a matter of railing accusation against
him.
The President when he came into office was
guided by these precedents, and, if you allow
me to coin a word, by the unapproved act of
1864, (Mr. Davis's bill,) which recognized the
right of the President to appoint military gov-
ernors. Now, without dwelling upon that
point I simply recall to your recollection the
fact that by a proclamation he recognized
Francis H. Peirpoint as Governor of Virginia
on the 9th of May, 1865. Between the 29th
of May and the 13th of July, 1865, he ap-
pointed provisional governors for North Car-
olina, Mississippi, Georgia, Texas, Alabama,
South Carolina, and Florida. In October,
1865, he sent dispatches to Governor Perry, of
South Carolina, and others, urging the adoption
of. the anti-slavery amendment. And on the
4tkof December, 1865, be communicated his
action to Congress, denying that seoossion had
segregated the rebellious States from the Union,
and leaving i( to each a House to judge of the
elections,- qualifications, and returns of its own
members.
Now, Senators,, let.me pause a moment and
ask you. the question here, up to that time, up
to the assembling of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States in December, 1865, who was there
in all this broad land, from one end of it to
the oilier, that dared to point '• the slow, un-
movmg finger of scorn" at Andrew Johnson
and say that lie was a traitor to his party, or
say that he had betrayed any trust reposed in
him? He was faithfully carrying out what I
repeat lie believed to be the policy of Congress
and of his predecessor. He was anxious that
this Union should be restored. He was anx-
ious to pour oil upon the troubled waters and
heal the wounds of his distracted and divided
country. If he erred in this it was almost a
divine error. If he erred in this it was a noble
erior. It was an error which was intended to
restore peace and harmony to our bleeding
couutry. It was an error which was designed
to banish the recollection of the war. It was
an error which was intended to bring into fra-
ternal embrace the fathers and the sons, the
brothers and the sisters, the husbands and the
wives who had been separated through that
awful calamity which overshadowed our coun-
try and that terrible civil war which drenched
the land in human gore.
I say that if be committed an error in this,
it is not an error that should be imputed as a
crime; and however greatly you may differ
from him, if you will pronounce upon his con-
duct that judgment which I invoke elevated
judges to pronounce ; if you pronounce that
cool, calm, dispassionate judgment which must
be exercised by every one of you who intends
faithfully to redeem the pledge which he has
made to God and the country, I think, Sena-
tors, you will surely acquit him of many of the
accusations that have been made agamst him.
One other thought before 1 leave this branch
of the subject. On the i!0th of August, 1866,
the President of the United States proclaimed
the rebellion at an end, and on the 2d of March,
XSG7, an act was approved entitled "An act to
provide for the temporary increase of the pay
of oflicers in the Army of the United States,"
by the second section of which it is enacted:
"That section one of an act eutitled "An act to
increase the pay of soldiers in the United States
Army, and for other purposes,' approvod Tune 20.
1X04, bo, ami the same is hereby, continued in full
force and effect for three years lroui"—
Mark the language—
"from and after the close of the rebellion as an-
nounced by tile President of the United states by
proclamation bearing dale the 20th day of August,
I860."
There is a legislative, a congressional recog-
nition of the fact that the war is at an end;
there is a recognition of the President's power
so to proclaim it, and without discussing the
question, (for I have said 1 will not enter upon
the discussion of it, though I am invited to it,
I might almost say by the repeated remarks
which have been made by the honorable Man-
agers,) I maintain that this legislative recog-
nition of the President's proclamation an-
nouncing the termination of the civil war, the
close of the rebellion, was a recognition of the
fact that the southern States were not out of
the Union and that it goes far to extenuate( if
not to justily, the view which the President
of the United States took in reference to-t|ip
restoration of these States to their-harmflttious
relations with the Government of the .country.
And now, Senators, having disposed to sqme
extent, but not entirely, of these .personal
charges which have been made against ithe
President, having reviewed briefly and imper-
fectly somethiug of his personal and political
history, I invite you to look back- upon .the
record of his whole life, and in his name I'&sk
you, and I ask the country to-day, Samuel
asked the people of Israel in the olden tim«:
"Behold, here X am; witness agaWt'^e'hefor.?
the Lord and before His iwointM,
I taken ? or whose ass have I taken f "or.-whoa havp
I defrauded? whota have I Oppressed.f,or"or wh#p
hand have I received any bribe,tp blind mine eyes
therewith ? and I Will restore it to t
And I trust that the answer of this-Seiratej
and the answer of the whole country, will be
such as the people of Israel gave; for^* - -
"They said, thou hast not defraud ed'US, ft or op-
us; nsither-.hast thou taken aught of any
