3372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22j
nished a gun to a man knowing that he was going
into the rebel army. But, sir, while the evi-
dence in relation to disloyal acts of Young is
so very meager and unsatisfactory it is clear to
my judgment that he was a rebel at beart. I
think this was his true position, as shown by
the evidence. At the outset of the rebellion,
before there was any actual war, his sympa-
thies were with the South. He talked strongly
upon that subject, and very likely his leading
position in the community might have given
him an influence, so that his conversation had
such an effect that it may be said that he gave
such aid and countenance to the rebellion that
he ought not to be allowed to take a seat here,
and that he could not properly take the test-
oath. But, sir, I am disposed to resolve the
doubts in reference to his disloyal conduct, in
view of what were his known wishes and ex-
pressed feelings. His sympathies were all with
the rebels; and although the evidence is so
meager in relation to overt acts of disloyalty, I
am disposed to vote against him upon this
principle: I would as soon associate with a man
on this floor who fought for the rebellion as
with one who prayed for the rebellion. So
much in reference to that.
Now, in reference to the right of Mr. Mc-
Kee. Mr. Young received 1,400 or 1,500 ma-
jority of votes in the district. The commit-
tee get rid of 025 of those votes upon the
ground that they were given by men who had
served in the rebel army at some time during
the war, and that they stand in the relation of
paroled prisoners of war ; that in point of fact
there is now really existing in legal contempla-
tion a rebel army, or was at the time of this elec-
tion, in May, 1807 ; therefore, these men are to
be treated as though they were still in the rebel
army or as if they were captured and held as
prisoners of war.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in my judgment, if there
never had been a proclamation by the Presi-
dent ; if there never had been any action by Con-
gress, still if the war was in fact over as mat-
ter of public history, and the power with which
we were at war was destroyed, there would be
no sense in saying that those men are still to
be regarded as a part of the rebel army in
the service or as paroled prisoners or actual
prisoners of war. But, sir, on the 20th of
June, 1866, the President of the United States
issued his proclamation declaring that the war
was at an end, that peace reigned throughout
the entire country; and Congress, by the act of
March 2, 1867, expressly recognized the valid-
ity of that proclamation. Therefore, what
becomes of this theory ? I believe it was given
up, as 1 said before, by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cook] this morning, so that the
entire groundwork or basis upon which those
625 votes are to be set aside is entirely de-
stroyed by that act of 1867. The committee,
in my judgment, stand in reference to that
precisely as a certain judge I knew who once
decided a case on the strength of a statute that
turned out to have been repealed some four
or five years before. It was generally sup-
posed he cut rather a ridiculous figure.
But, sir, there is another answer to this.
There is not a particle of evidence in this ease
that any of the rebel soldiers who gave these 625
votes were in the war at its close, or but very few
of them. I have carefully looked through the
evidence on this subject, and there is not evi-
dence to show that more than twenty of them
continued in the service of the rebellion until
the close of the war. On the other hand, the
evidence affirmatively proves that a very large
proportion of them were not in the rebel service
at the close of the war. I have made some mem-
oranda on that subject from the evidence. M.
W. Mitchell testifies to 41 rebel soldiers who
voted for Young, and only 18 of them, he says,
were in the rebel service at the close of the,
war. M. Literal testifies to 5, and none of
them, he says, were in the service till the
close of the war. Henry Whitt testifies to 27
who voted for Young, and only 2 of them,
he says, were in the rebel scrvioe til the close
of the war. Frank Hunter testifies to 82 rebel
votes that were given for Young, and only 1
of the men, he says, served till the close of the
war. B. J. Bennett testifies to 27 votes, and
onlo6 of them served till the close of the war. B.
Hayden testifies to the number of 30 rebel votes,
and he says he does not know that any of them
served till the close of the war. J. M. Lewis
testifies to 9, and only 2 served till the close
of the war.
Now, Mr. Speaker, by throwing out these
625 votes, and by throwing out a little more
than 800 votes upon another ground, the Com-
mittee report that McKee was elected by
41 majority. The evidence shows affirma-
tively, however, that more than three times the
number of 41 of the 625 men who gave those
votes were not in the rebel service at the
close of the war. They had left the rebel army
before. This number includes men, and very
many of them, who, it appears from the evi-
dence, were never in the regular rebel service.
Some of them were only engaged in some of the
guerrilla fights, and they are all spoken of as
having served in the rebel army. So that upon
that ground, (if it is not entirely demolished in
point of law, as I have endeavored to show,)
the evidence shows affirmatively that but a
small proportion of the 625 men were in the
rebel army at the close of the war. This new
light, therefore, which the committee dis-
covered about paroled prisoners of war, I
think is entirely demolished, and may be said
to be out of sight.
Then comes the question which has been
raised whether the fact that a man has been in
the rebel service disqualifies him to vote for
members of Congress. It is conceded that
there is no statute of Kentucky that disqualifies
a man from voting on that ground. They did
at one time pass such a statute, but the courts
decided that it was unconstitutional, and the
Legislature repealed it. That is regarded, as
it should be regarded, I think, as a declaration
or as an enactment by the Legislature that these
men were duly and legally entitled to vote in
that State. Well, sir, I am one of those who
believe, as I understand my party generally to
believe, that this matter of suffrage in the States
is to be regulated by the States ; that it belongs
to them; that Congress cannot interfere with
it; that it is beyond our power. But I need
not debate that question. Whether or not it is
in the power of Congress to say that men who
have served in the rebel armies shall not be
voters in the States, Congress never has said
so, never has passed any such law. So that
whethersuch powerresides in Congress or not,
Congress has never attempted to exercise it.
1 have seen it stated in some newspaper that
the reason why the Committee of Elections
came to this strange conclusion was in conse-
quence of a principle that had been decided by
this House in the recent case of Delano vs.
Morgan. Well, sir, what was that? The great
question in that case was in reference to the
votes of two or three hundred deserters.
Congress passed a law, not declaring that
deserters should not vote in the States, but de-
claring that deserters from the armies of the
United States should lose their citizenship,
that they should forfeit their citizenship of the
United States. Thatis clearly within the power
of Congress. Congress has the right to say
how citizenship of the United States may be
acquired, and Congress has the right to say
how citizenship of the United States shall be
lost.
Well, sir, in my judgment, and, as I under-
stand it, in the judgment of the committee,
that law did not affect the right to vote in Ohio.
But the Legislature of Ohio had declared that
one of the qualifications for voting ip that State
was that a man should be a citizen of the
United States Therefore it was by virtue of
the law of Ohio, not by virtue of the law of
Congress, that a person was disfranchised in
Ohio for deserting. Congress could say wheth-
er they were citizens of the United States or
not, and having declared that deserters were
not citizens of tbo United States, and the law
of Ohio having declared that none but citizens
of the United States should vote in Ohio, these
deserters were deprived of the right of voting
in that State by virtue of the law of the State.
It will be seen by this statement how short
that principle falls of what is claimed in this
case, how entirely different the question is.
There was no attempt in that case, by the
Committee of Elections or by the House, to
say that Congress had the right to regulate the
right of suffrage inOhio. Of course we had
the same right in that respect in Ohio that we
have in Kentucky.
There was a suggestion made by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] who made this
report, in the opening of his argument in sup-
port of his report, that it would be very odd,
indeed, if Congress had the right to say that a
man who had aided the rebellion should not
have a seat upon this floor, and could not also
say that such a man should not vote for arnem-
ber of Congress. There is a sort of plausibility
in that suggestion ; but, upon examination,
every gentleman upon this floor will see the dis-
tinction in the power of Congress over the two
cases. In reference to the right of a, man to
hold a seat upon this floor, the Constitution of
the United States gives this House the express
right and power to determine in reference to
the qualifications of its members. Congress,
by the passage of the test-oath act, has vir-
tually enacted that men who cannot truly swear
to what that oath contains shall not be entitled
to seats; while, as to who shall be voters in
the States, the Constitution gives Congress no
power, and if it did, Congress has never exer-
cised it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Trow-
bridge.) The time of the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] has expired. The
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Upson] is now
entitled to the floor for thirty minutes.
Mr. UPSON. The time lias so far elapsed
that there will not be an opportunity for me to
make any extended remarks on this occasion.
But there have been some suggestions made by
my colleagues on the Committee of Elections,
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr Poland,]
and the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,]
which make it proper that I should say some-
thing in relation to the history of this case,
and of my connection with it. There is amis-
apprehension in reference to this case, so far
as regards the action of the Committee of Elec-
tions.
I never concurred in the first majority report
of the committee. And the only reason why I
did not write a minority report at the time the
majority report was made was the state of my
health. A number of days while the case was
being heard before the committee I lay upon
the lounge in the committee-room, not being
in a condition for active labor. But at the time
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. McClcug]
made that report he knew that I had all along
dissented from it, as well when the report was
made, as when it was being considered by the
committee. And I understood the gentleman
from Missouri to state, at the time he made
the report, that " the gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Upson] did not concurin the report,"
and I went to his seat and told him that that
statement made by him obviated the necessity of
my making any statement myself to the House.
I would ask the gentleman from Missouri to
correct me, if I am mistaken.
Mr. McCLURG. The statement of the gen-
tleman is correct.
Mr. UPSON. So gentlemen will see that
it is not any new light which has arisen that
lias governed my action in this case. After-
ward, when I anticipated that the case was
coming up in the House, I asked permission
, to make a report, and I accordingly did make,
on the 2d of June, 1868, the minority report,
which has been referred to so often in this
discussion.
I wish now to call the attention of the House
to that report in order to show my friend, who
has just preceded me, [Mr. Poland,] that I
was not reduced to any necessity of counting
