1824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
can be given and this change be made it) ac-
cordance with that continued since the foun-
dation of the Government, I do not doubt that
Congress will cheerfully accord any assistance
that may be necessary; at any rate, it shall
have my vote.
Mr. SPALDING. Does that report come
from the Charlestown navy-yard ?
Mr. BANKS. It is information I received
from gentlemen in my district, honorable and
well-informed men.
Mr. SPALDING-. It is not a report?
Mr. BANKS. It is not a report; no such
reports are made to this House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise
merely to say that I am glad to hear the expose
which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] has made of the abuses at the navy-
yard at Charlestown, and which, I understand,
extend through all the navy-yards of the
country. I will say here that the Committee
on Appropriations fully understood all these
abuses. So far as I am concerned I do not
feel like characterizing in the terms which I
think it should be characterized the conduct
of the Navy Department for the last six or
seven years. I say the Committee on Appro-
priations understood all these things, and in
the discharge of their duty they have en-
deavored, so far as possible, to make the
appropriation bill conform to a reformed state
of things, and have fixed the appropriations
in all these cases at the very lowest limit.
One word in reply to the gentleman from
New York, who states that the committee did
not call upon the Navy Department for any
explanation. Why, sir, the Committee on
Appropriations had before them the report of
the Secretary of the Navy. They had before
them the estimates of the Treasury Depart-
ment, which embraced all the items upon
which appropriations are called for. Ill tact,
the committee had before them sufficient in-
formation to enable them to judge fully of all
the subjects upon which legislation is asked.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman permit me
to say that my information on that point comes
from the Secretary of the Navy in this written
communication which lias not been read. He
says distinctly in this communication that the
Committee on Appropriations have had no
communication with him whatever upon this
subject. . .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, sir,
the committee had no communication from him
except official communications which he sent
to the House, and which were referred to the
committee. In point of fact, the committee did
not believe they could get from the Secretary
of the Navy much information of any value to
them. For, sir, when Congress met, the Sec-
retary of the Navy sent in an estimate of the
appropriations which he demanded to carry 011
the Navy Department for the next fiscal year ;
and, as the gentleman from New Y ork well
knows, he made an estimate of forty-seven mil-
lions and over in round numbers. It went all
over the country that the Republicans in Con-
gress were proposing to expend more than forty-
seven millions to keep up theNavy Department.
After that estimate was in what next is done
by this Secretary, who comes here and com-
plains that we do not ask information from him ?
Why, sir, he sends in an amended estimate
amounting in round numbers to $24,000,000,
making thus a slight difference of $23,000,000
between his original estimate and his amended
estimate. We went over the whole subject,
and we have amended the amended estimate by
cutting it down about four millions. Under these
circumstances we did not think that any infor-
mation we might get from the present Secre-
tary of the Navy would be sufficiently reliable
to guide us in our action.
Mr. B.\NICS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. PIKE. I renew the amendment. Mr.
Chairman, I have no purpose whatever to
defend the political character of the Secre-
tary ®f the Navy. But I wish to state, in rela-
tion to the remarks of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] that the reports of the
Navy Department are made as they have al-
ways been made heretofore, and with the same
detail, and that in the course of a few days
the Secretary of the Navy will, in reply to the
resolution offered by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Washbdrne,] send in a detailed
statement of the great expenditure of his De-
partment in the construction ofvessels, (which,
as we all know, has been the grca,t expenditure
for the last five or six years,) giving the items,
the names of the vessels, the number of days'
work, the amount of money expended, and
all the details to tlie satisfaction of the most
critical gentlemen on this floor.
Now, a word in reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Basks.] He speaks of a
new system inaugurated at the navy-yards,
which is a system of division of labor, making
each branch of labor responsible to the head
of the bureau under which that labor is per-
formed. The gentleman is aware, I suppose,
that this subject has been under consideration
in the Senate, and that there reports have been
presented from the commandants of the various
yards, giving the details of the workings of
this new system, exhibiting its advantages and
disadvantages. I cannot say whether the sys-
tem has proved beneficial or otherwise. Some
gentlemen, with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, complain of it very greatly, while others
say that upon the whole, if fairly conducted,
it tends to economy.
In reply to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburxe,] I will say that if he will examine
these reports he will find that, however much
we may disagree with the Secretary of the
Navy, the expenditures of his Department
have been economically made. _ We had during
the progress of the war committee after com-
mittee investigating in relation to the expend-
itures of the Navy Department, and no one
at any time found in those expenditures any-
thing worthy of the notice of the House as a
matter of complaint, with tlie exception of the
contracts made by Morgan in the purchase of
vessels ; and when that subject was brought
up for the action of the House the House
refused to censure the Secretary of the Navy;
and it was found that of the various expendi-
tures made during the war those of the Secre-
tary of the Navy are, for economy, equal to
those of any branch of the Government. I
may say generally, so far as the purchase of
vessels during tlie war is concerned, and so far
as the use of vessels is concerned, there was
not so much money expended by the Navy as
by the War Department. The great expendi-
ture in the charter of vessels was in the War
Department. I have no doubt it was all neces-
sary. The rate of expenditure for the four
y'ears of the war, under the Secretary of tlie
Navy, was $72,000,000 annually. That com-
passed all the expenditures of the Navy
Department, an expenditure which created
the Navy that carried 011 the war, and it was
not so much per year as the annual expendi-
ture for the navy of Great Britain on a peace
establishment.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, in order to
be better understood in reference to these
$50,000,000, I wish to call the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
to a fact.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Maine has expired.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I oppose the amend-
ment. I do not want to inquire as to the
political opinions of the Secretary of the Navy.
I do not know what they are. I do not know
whether I agree with him or not. That cuts
no figure in this discussion.^ If gentlemen
will read the report they will find that the
$50,000,000 referred to in the report of the
Secretary of the Navy has not been covered
into the Treasury. Now, let us see whether
I am correct. After speaking of large amounts
appropriated under the several heads lie desig-
nates, of construction, of stearn engineering,
of ordnance, of provisions, clothing, fuel, kc.,
saying under these heads there are large unex;-
pended balances, he goes 011 to say:
" Liberal appropriations for the naval service.were
made during the existence of the war, but the funds
of the Department were, always carefully and econ
r mioillv expended. This fact is attested by
numerous claims of contractors for relief now before
Congress; and the result is, that the Department M
able to complete all the vessels and engines con-
tracted for before the close of the war, and designate
appropriations to the amount of.about fifty million
dollars that can be relinquished to the lreasury, or
may be otherwise disposed of by Congress.
n>j vw v "v     
He says, after building all of these vessels
and completing all these engines, he had left
SCO,000,000. If he has complied with the law
then that $50,000,000 still remains as_a surplus.
Now, let us see what he has covered mto the
Treasury. I will read from his last report:
" As no action was taken by Congress on the_ 30th
September last, in accordance with the provisions
of the act approved May 1, 1820, I requested the
Secretary of tho Treasury to
fund appropriations to the amount of $65,000,000,
leaving under these several heads an amount only
sufficient for tho expenditures of the current fiscal
year In this sum of 665,000,000 are embraced the
amount received from the sales of vessels and other
war property of no service m time of peace; tfce
amount refunded to thoGfovornment by the builders
of the Dunderberg and Onondaga, as well as the bal-
ance of appropriations under the heads for which
nothing hbeen asked for the last two years, not
required for the current year."
"What heads are they for which nothing has
been asked for the last two years? The heads
of construction, ordnance, clothing, fuel, &c.
Look at them and you will see. He says these
heads have sufficient money to run two years.
Now, sir, I ask the committee to take these
two reports together and see whether any man
can arrive at any other conclusion than that
this $50,000,000 is not embraced m the
$(>5,000,000 that the Secretary of the Navy has
covered into the Treasury. If it is embraced,
then I confess I cannot understand these re-
ports. If gentlemen will turn to the next page
they will find there are several hundred thou-
sand dollars from the sale of ordnance stores.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. I renew tlie amendment
"for the purpose of devoting five minutes to
the continuation of the reading of the letter
of the Secretary of the Navy. I think it
desirable it should be read through. It is an
extraordinary procedure here to be appro-
priating money for the Navy Department with-
out having the benefit of executive views on
the subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can
have it read as a part of his speech.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to have that
done.   . .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs, who
presented it, moved to have the balance of it
printed, and that was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman yield for a
moment?
Mr. RANDALL. I have the floor for the
purpose of having the report read, and I do
not want to lose any time from interruptions.
I decline to yield.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will proceed
with the reading of the report.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the report
as above printed until the expiration of the
live minutes, when the hammer fell.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. MYERS". I move to amend by insert-
ing §24,000,000. I desire to say that, for one
I cannot vote understanding^ to-day upon the
bill that has been reported. _ The Secretary of
the Navy in his report desired an appropria-
tion of $47,000,000. The Committee on Ap-
propriations allege that this should be cut down
to less than $20,000,000. But the Secretary
of the Navy, when he finds this House dis-
posed to retrench, writes a letter stating that
he cannot proceed properly with the work re-
quired by the Navy Department with less than
I $24,000,000. The Committee on Appropri-
