290
SUPPLEMENT TO
man's hapd. Andhe said unto th em, the Lord is wit-
ness against you and IIi.s anointed is witness this day
that ye have not found aught iniay hand. And they
answered, he is witness."
The President appeals with proud confidence
to the Senate and the whole country to attest
the purity and integrity of his motives; and
while he does not claim that his judgment is
infallible, while he does not claim that he may
not have committed errors—and who in his
position may not have committed great and
grievous errors—while he claims no such at-
tributes as these, he does claim, before this
Senate and before the world; that he is an
honest man, that he is a man of integrity, that
he is a man of pure and upright motives; and
notwithstanding the clamor that has been raised
against him, he feels it, and he appeals to the
judgment of this Senate and of the world to
vindicate him in it.
Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, one of the first
questions which, as I respectfully think, is of im-
portance in this cause is a question which I have
barely touched in passing along but have not
attempted to consider. That question is, what
sort of tribunal is this? Is this a court or is
it not? Some votes have been taken, Sen-
ators, as you know, in the progress of this
cause upon this question. It has not been dis-
cussed according to my recollection by any of
the_ counsel for the President. At an early
period of the trial you retired to your Chamber
to consider of it. What debates you had there
I know not. Whether they have been pub-
lished I know not. Your votes were announced
by the Chief Justice, but whether the discus-
sions in the secret session of the Senate have
been published I confess I am ignorant. All
that I have to say is that if they have been
published I have not seen them. While I do
not know to what extent the opinion of Sen-
ators may be fixed and formed upon this ques-
tion, I ask, as a matter of right, whether you
consider yourselves as having decided it or
not, that you will allow me to address myself
for a short time to the consideration of this
which I regard as one of the greatest questions
that ever has been presented since the forma-
tion of our Government. I think 1 am not
asking too much at the hands of the Senate
when [ ask to be hoard upon this subject; for
even if you have decided the question, if you
follow the analogy furnished i'roin courts of
law mid equity, where a rule for a new trial
may be entered at nisiprius or a petition for
a rehearing may be filed in a court of chan-
cery, or a bill of review or a reargument or
anything that a judge may deem proper to be
heard upon a subject that is before him, it will
not be asking too much for mo to request you
to hear me l'or a few moments upon this sub-
ject.
It was argued by the honorable Manager who
opened this cause that this is a mere Senate;
that it is notacourt. I will call your attention
to a single paragraph or two in the learned ar-
gument of the able gentleman who has managed
this cause with such consummate tact and
ability on the side of the prosecution, and from
whom we have had so many fine examples of
the decency and propriety of speech. He says :
"I trust, Mr. President and Senators, I may he
pardoned for making some suggestions upon these
topics, because to us it seems these are quostioiisnot
of form, but of substance. It' this body here is a
court in any manner as contradistinguished from tho
Senate, then we agree that many, it not all, the
analogies ot tho procedures of couits must obtain;
that the conimon-law incidents of a trial in eouit
must have place; that you maybe bound in your
proceedings and adjudication by the rules and pre-
cedents ot tho common or statuto law."
* .1. * < i .! ■ ;■
""We claim and respectfully insist that this tri-
bunal has none of the attributes of a judicial court
as they are commonly leceived and understood. (Jt
course, this question must be largely determined by
the express provisions of tho Constitution, and in it
there is no word, as is well known to you, Senators,
which gives tho slightest coloiing to tho idea that
this is a court, save that in the trial of this particular
respondent, the Chief Justico of the Supremo Court
liiu-t preside,"
That position has been affirmed again in
argument by others; and treatises, I had almost
said volumes, have been written upon this
subject. Able and learned arguments have
been presented to the Senate, and through the
newspapers to the public, upon this question.
Gentlemen in their researches have gone back
to the black-letter learning of the English law
books and the English Parliament to search
for precedents, to search for authorities in ref-
erence to this great question; and the position
which they have assumed and most learnedly
and persistently insisted upon is that this high
court of impeachment possesses all the powers
of a court of impeachment in England; that it
is to be governed by the same rules and the
same regulations; that you are not to go to the
common law for precedents or principles to
guide your judgment, but that you are, in the
language of two of the ablest gentlemen on the
other side, "a law unto yourselves." Let us
consider this position for a moment. I have
but one answer to make to it.
It is not my purpose to follow the industri-
ous and careful and diligent and learned Man-
agers on the other side, and I do not utter these
as words of vain and empty compliment, for
they have bestowed a degree of labor, industry,
and research in the investigation of this cause
that is in the highest degree creditable to their
talents and to the integrity and fidelity with
which they are endeavoring to discharge the
trust that has been reposed in them by the
House of llepresentatives. But, with the great-
est respect for the ability and learning which
have been displayed upon the other side, 1 beg
leave, Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, to sub-
mit to your consideration one or two arguments
which it strikes me are pertinent and appro-
priate.
In the first place, I deny that you are to go
to the law of Parliament, tho lex parliamenta-
ria, for the authority which is to guide and
govern and control in this great trial; and why
do I say so? Because 1 maintain that this
tribunal is different from any tribunal that the
world ever saw. No such tribunal is known
in history, it never had a parallel. It never
had an existence until it sprang into being,
full-armed, liko Minerva from the brain of
Jove, under the creative hand of those who
framed the Constitution of the United States.
You are to interpret it, as 1 maintain, not by
the lights of English history alone, but by the
lightof the circumstances underwhich the Con-
stitution of the United States was adopted.
1 do not say, Mr. Chief Justice, that you are
to ignore history. I do not say that you are to
ignore a knowledge of the decisions that have
been made in Parliament or that have been
made in the courts of justice of England. I
grant that upon some subjects it is perfectly
right and proper to go to English history, to
examine English law books, to investigate Eng-
lish causes, with a view of interpreting phrases
and terms that were known to our fathers, and
that have been incorporated into the Consti-
tution of the country ; but none of them afford
any clue to this investigation, none of them
afi'ord any light upon this subject; and why?
Because, I repeat, this tribunal has no exem-
plar in the history of tho world. It is the tri-
bunal of the American Constitution, and we
must look to the language of the American
Constitution in order to ascertain what it means;
and I ask, and 1 hope your Honor will not take
any offense at my using phraseology which I am
suro is not intended to give any, 1 respectfully
ask this Senate, whether it was the intention of
the framers of the Constitution that the Chief
Justice of the United States should be called
down from the most elevated tribunal upon the
face of the earth to preside over your deliber-
ations, and that when he comes here he shall
have no more power than an ordinary speaker
of an ordinary House of Representatives, and
hardly so much ; that he shall be a mere autom-
aton, a machine, a conduit through whom the
votes of the Senate are to pass to the records
of tho country ?
1 insist that there was an object, a high ob-
ject and purpose in the framers of tho Consti-
tution when they called the Chief Justice from
his lofty position to preside over the delibera-
tions of the Senate. There was an object and
a purpose, an object such as never had been
attained in English history; an object such as
was unknown to the British constitution; for,
may it please your Honor, under the British
constitution, as I understand its history, Par-
liament did not consider themselves bound by
the judgment of the judges, although they often
consulted them upon legal questions. I main-
tain that instead of that fact furnishing an
argument, as they have attempted to use it
on the other side to prove that it was the in-
tention of the framers of the Constitution that
the Chief Justice should be a mere automaton
or cipher in this trial, when you look to the
history of the formation of the Constitution
every intendment is to be taken to the con-
trary.
Now, without taking up too much time, Sen-
ators, on this question, interesting and im-
portant as it is, I beg leave to remind you of
some facts connected with the history of this
subject. I do not consider that it is necessary
for me to bring in volumes here and to read
page after page to the Senate upon this subject.
I take it for granted that Senators are informed,
and no doubt a great deal better informed
upon it than I am. All that I deem it material
and important to do is to refresh your recol-
lection in regard to some of the circumstances
connected with the incorporation of this pro-
vision into the Constitution of the United
States. You will recollect, Senators, that
when the Constitution was about to be formed
various plans of government were offered.
Without bringing in the volumes or taking tin
the time of the Senate to read at length the
different plans of government which were pro-
posed by different members of the Convention
that formed the Constitution. I only call your
attention to so much as I think is pertinent
to this question. You remember that Colonel
Hamilton introduced what was called a plan
of government, and in tho ninth section of that
it was provided that—
"Governors, Senators, and all officers of the United
States to bo liablo to impeachment for inal and cor-
rupt conduct, and upon conviction to ho removed
from office and disqualified from holding any place
of trust or profit; all impeachments to be tried by a
court,"
Mark the proposition, for it is in the light
of those propositions that I maintain we are to
arrive at a true and correct interpretation of
the Constitution itself:
_ "All impeachments to be tried by a court, to con-
sist of tho chief or senior jud^e of the superior court
ot law in each State: Provided, that such judeje hold
his place during good behavior, and have a perma-
nent salary."
That was introduced on the 18th of June,
1787, and will be found in 1 Eliot's Debates
on the Federal Constitution, page 180. Mr.
Randolph had a plan of government; and the
thirteenth proposition contained in Mr. Ran-
dolph's plan was in these words :
"Revolved, That tho jurisdiction of the national
judiciary shall extend to cases which respect tho
collection of tile national revenue, impeachment of
any officer, and questions which involve the national
peace and harmony."
That was introduced on the 19th of June,
1787, g,nd is set out in 1 Eliot's Debates,
page 182. In Mr. Charles Pinckney's plan,
introduced on the 19th of May, 1787, four
days after the Convention was organized, it
was provided that—
"The jurisdiction of tho court to be termed the
Supreme Court should extend to tho tvial or im-
peachment of officers of the United States."
That is set out in the first volume of the
Madison Papers, page 131. Mr. Madison pre-
ferred tho Supreme Court for the trial of im-
peachments, or rather a tribunal of which that
should form a part. (See tho Supplement, to
Eliot and 5 Madison Papers, p. 528.) Mr.
Jefferson, in his letter of the 22d of Feb-
ruary, 1798, to Mr. Madison, alludes to Mr.
Tazewell's attempt to have a jury trial of im-
peachments. That will be found in the fourth
volume of Jefferson's Works, page "215.
Mr. Hamilton, in the Federalist, No. Go,
says:
"Would it have been an improvement of tho plan
to have united the Supreme Court with the Senate in
