THE COFGEESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
291
the formation of the court of impeachments? This
union would certainly hare been attended with ser-
eral advantages ; but would they not have been over-
balanced by the signal disadvantage already stated,
arising from the agency of the same judges in the
double prosecution to which the offender would bo
liable? To a certain extent the benefits of that
union will be obtained from making the Chief Jus-
tice of the Supreme Court the president of the court
ot impeachments, as is proposed to be done in the
plan of the convention; whiletheinconveniences of
an entire incorporation of the former into the latter
will be substantially avoided. This was perhaps the
prudent mean."
Messrs. Madison, Mason, Morris, Pinckney,
Williamson, and Sherman discussed the im-
peachment question, and in lieu of the words
"bribery and maladministration," Colonel
Mason substituted the words " other high crimes
and misdemeanors against the State," as is
shown in 5 Uliot's Debates, and Madison
Papers, 528, 529. On the same day a com-
mittee of style and arrangement was appointed,
consisting of Messrs. Johnson, Hamilton, Mor-
ris, and King. On Wednesday, the 12 th of
September, 1787, Dr. Johnson reported a digest
of the plan. On Monday, the 17th of Septem-
ber, 1787, the engrossed Constitution was read
and signed, as will be seen in 5 Madison
Papers, page 553.
So far, Senators, as I havo examined this
question it does not appear when or how the
words "when the President of the United
States is tried the Chief Justice shall preside,"
now in the Constitution, were inserted. No
doubt you are muck better informed upon this
subject than myself. I have, however, seen it
stated that they must have been introduced
upon a compromise in a committee, and that
this lact is shown by Mr. Madison's writings;
but in the researches which I have been able
to make in the comparatively short tune dur-
ing which this investigation has been going on
1 have not been able to ascertain whether that
reference is correct or not. I have not had
(lie lung period of twelve months' incubation
winch the gentlemen on the other side have
bad within which to prepare myself upon this
great subject, lint su far as I do comprehend
or understand it I maintain the following prop-
ositions, to which I ask the attention of the
Chief Justice and of the Senate; I shall not
dwell upon them at any great length ; it will
be for you, Senators, and for him, to judge and
decide whether any, and if any, how many of
tlieui are founded in sound reason.
1 say that the law of Parliament furnishes
no satisfactory exposition as to the office and
duty of the Chief Justice on an impeachment
trial. The interpretation must have been
found in the light of the circumstance under
which the provision was inserted. The anx-
iety of many members of the Convention to
intrust impeachment to a judicial tribunal
proves that they believed the learning and
intelligence of the judges were essential ele-
ments to a lair determination. I think that is
one of the most important considerations in
the investigation of this great question. You
have seen that one of the plans was to have
impeachment tried by a couit to be constituted
of judges from each of the States; another plan
was to have them tried by the Supreme Court
of the United States ; and another plan was to
have the Supremo Court associated with the
Senate upon the trial. Mark you, everyone of
those plans of impeachment looked to judicial
aid and assistance in the trial of the cause;
and when the Convention finally determined
that the Chief Justice should preside, I main-
tain, Senators, they determined that he should
come here as a judge, that he should come
here clothed as he is in his robes of office, that
ho should declare the law and pronounce a
judicial opinion upon any question arising in
the cause. And while, sir, i know it is for
your Honor to determine what course you will
pursue, while I do not presume to dictate to
this honorable court or to the Chief Justice
who presides over it—it is my province to
argue; it is youi province, sir, to decide and
to determine—J yet lespectfully insist before
the Senate and the woiltl that I have the right,
as one of the counsel for the President of the
United States, to call, as I do call, upon the
venerable Chief J ustiee who presides over your
deliberations for an expression of his judgment
and opinion upon any question of law which
may arise in this case.
And how, in the name of common sense,
does this doctrine of mine trench in the slight-
est degree upon any right or privilege of the
American Senate ? Does it conflict with any
duty or with any power that is imposed upon
you by the Constitution of our common coun-
try? Senators, learned as you are, respect-
able as is your standing at home, high as is the
position which the Slates that have placed
you here have conferred upon you, you may
still derive instruction from the opinions of a
gentleman learned in the law and holding the
highest judicial office in the land. Does it in-
vade any privilege or any prerogative—though
I do not like to use that word—or any power
of the American Senate to say that we ask that
tliey may be guided in their deliberations by
the profound and dispassionate judgment of
one who is presumed to hold the scales of jus-
tice in an unfaltering and untrembling hand,
one who holds his oilice independent of popu-
lar excitement and popular commotion, one
who has been elevated to his high and lofty
position because of his learning, his integrity,
his talents, his character? Is it, 1 ask, any
disparagement even to the American Senate,
to respectfully request of him that he shall
deliver an opinion to you upon any of the
questions that may arise in this cause?
Then, Senators, it will be for you to judge
and determine for yourselves, under such opin-
ion, what may bo the duty that you have to
perform in this case. I insist that so far from
this being an argument in disparagement either
of the power or of the intelligence of the Sen-
ate, it is an argument which in its nature is
calculated to aid the Senate as a court in ar-
riving at a correct conclusion ; and that no
man who regards the Constitution and the laws
of the land, no man who is in search of jus-
tice, no man who is willing to see the laws
faithfully and honestly and impaitially ad-
ministered, can for one moment deny the right
of this great civil magistrate, clothed in his
judicial robes and armed with all the power
and authority of the Constitution, to declare
what he believes to be the law upon questions
arising in this cause.
1 hope yon will pardon me for dwelling on
this point for a few moments, as it has not
been discussed, I believe, by any of the gen-
tlemen who are counsel for the President.
Indeed, 1 do not know that I represent the
opinion of any gentleman who is counsel for
the President except myself; but I think that
as one of his counsel I have a right to submit
any views or opinions that I entertain in refer-
ence to the case to the consideration of the
Chief Justice and the Senators. When you
look to the clause of the Constitution under
which this power is conferred I say that every
word in it is a technical word. The Senate
shall try an impeachment. I do not quote the
words literally, and it is not necessary to turn
to them. They are familiar to you all. The
Senate is to try an impeachment; and upon
this trial the Senators shall bo upon oath or
affirmation ; and when the President is tried
the Chief Justice shall preside.
What is the meaning of the word "trial?"
It is unneco'sury for me to enter into any elab-
orate definition of it. It is enough for me to
say that it is not used in the Constitution in
the sense of suffering; it is not used in the
Constitution in many of the senses that it is
used in common parlance; but it is used in
the sense of a judicial proceeding, and here, as
I have admitted, you must go to the fountains
of the Knglisli law, you must go to the teems
that were in existence at the time when the
Constitution was adopted, for the purpose of
ascertaining and determining what is the mean-
ing of the word " trial." It is a word dear to
every Englishman ; it is a word dear to every
American. The idea of a judicial trial, atrial
in which a judge is to preside, a trial in which
a man. skilled in the law and supposed to be a
man of integrity and independence is to pre-
side, is a proceeding that is dear to eyery Eng-
lishman and dear to every American ; because
for centuries it has been regarded in England,
and ever since the formation of our own Gov- '
ernment hero, as essential to the preservation
of the liberty of the citizen that a trial is to be
conducted with all the aid of judicial interpret-
ation that can be afforded.
.Mr. Worcester defines "preside" to be "set
aside or placed over others; to have authority
overotliers ; to preside over an assemblage."
" Trial'' is not used, as I say, in the sense of
temptation or suffering, but to convey the idea
of a judicial proceeding similar to a court and
jury. And I insist that when the term " Chief
Justice" is used as it is the term " Chief Jus-
tice" is itself a technical word. What does it
mean? It means a judicial officer. The Consti-
tution docs not say in so many words that there
shall be a judicial tribunal in which there shall
be a chief justice. It authorizes Congress to
create judicial tribunals. It took it for granted
that there would be a court; it assumed that
in that court there would be a chief justice,
and that he should be a judge ; and when, it
assumed that it assumed that ho should act in
the capacity which I have insisted upon.
Without dwelling upon this argument fur-
ther, I can only say that in the views whiek I
entertain of the question I conceive it to be one
of the most importantquestions that ever were
presented for consideration in this or any other
country. So far, we all know, Senators, that
this is the first case under the American Con-
stitution in which the Senate lias been called
upon as a court of impeachment to try the
Chief Magistrate of the land. If our Govern-
ment survives the throes of revolution, if our
Government continues as it is, undiminished,
unimpaired in the hands of posterity, the pre-
cedent which you are to form now will last for
a thousand years to come, and the decision
which is made now is a decision that will be
quoted in after ages and that will be of the very
utmost and highest importance; and I main-
tain that in the view which has been presented
wo have a right to call upon the Chief Justice
to act not merely as presiding officer, but to
act as a judge in the eonductTind management
of this trial.
I have already referred to some startling and
extraordinary propositions which are made by
the Managers; I must notice some others. Mr.
Manager Bixoiun says—I quoted the expres-
sion awhile ago—that you are "a rule and a
law unto yourselves." Mr. Manager Butler
proclaims that, "a constitutional tribunal, you
are bound by no law, either statute or common."
He says, further, that "common fame and cur-
rent history may be relied on to prove the facts;"
that is, to prove the President's course of ad-
ministration; and, further, that " the moment-
ous question " is raised "whether the presi-
dential olliee ought in fact to exist."
Senators, in the whole progress of American
history I have never read or heard or seen three
such startling propositions as these which are
insisted upon by the honorable Managers on
the other side. They are dangerous to liberty.
They are dangerous to the perpetuity ofme
Constitution and the American Government.
They would overthrow every principle of justice
and of law which is known to the civilized
worl 1 if they were carried out to the extent
which the honorable gentlemen insist upon.
In this land of liberty, this land of law, this
land where we have a written Constitution,
who ever heard or dreamed that such doctrines
would be asserted here?
If I do not misuuderstand the language of
the honorable gentleman who opened the case,
he thinks that this Senate has the power to set
aside the Constitution of the United Stat&a
itself. Many of the most eminent and learned
writers in England and our own couutry, in
treating on the subject of the distribution of
powers between the three departments of the
Government, the ey.ecuUve: the legislative, and
the judicial tribunal, have sounded a note of
