1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2349
Mr. KELSEY. I move that five thousand
extra copies of this report be printed for the
use of the members of this House.
The motion was referred, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing.
ELECTION IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Beaolved, That the General of the Army be directed
to communicate to this House a statement of the
number of votes cast for and against the State con-
stitution at the recent election in Arkansas.
MRS KEZIE HOLMAN.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1034) granting a
pension to Mrs. Kezie Holman; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
james l. kiernan.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution j which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Besolved, That the Committee of Claims be hereby
iristiucted to examine the claim of James L. Kier-
n m, lor services and expenses due him as consul at
Chin-ICiang, in China, and report ta this House by
biU or otherwise, and that the accompanying papers
* be referred to tht said committee.
IMPKACIIMISNT OF THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER.. The hour oftwelve o'clock
having arrived, the House will now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of the
Senate, following the managers and preceded
by the chairman of the Committee of the Whole,
who will be attended by the Clerk and acting
Doorkeeper.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, in obedience to the order,
and proceeded to the bar of the Senate.
At three o'clock and ten minutes p. m. the
Committee of the Whole returned to the Hall,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the man-
agers to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court
of impeachment for the trial of Andrew John-
son ; progress has been made in the trial, and
the Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment,
has adjourned until Monday next at twelve
o'clock m.
personal explanation.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask unanimous con-
sent of the House for a personal explanation.
No objection was made.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. GARFIELD. Willthegentlemanallow
me to ask the Chair if there can be legislation ?
The SPEAKER. There cannot.
Mr. DONNELLY. I do not ask legislation.
The SPEAKER. The gentlpman rose and
asked the consent of the House to make a per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was notice given of this
proceeding?
The SPEAKER. There was not, but no
business is to be transacted. It is something
personal to the gentleman.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Very possibly the gen-
tleman'sremarks may relate to some gentleman
who is not in the House and who is not here,
because it was not expected that any business
would be done.
Mr. DONNELLY. It is not a matter of
business. It is a matter affecting my own per-
sonal reputation. I desire to answer an assault
made upon me by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washburne] in one of the papers of my
own State. It is a matter affecting me alone,
and I trust the gentleman from Wisconsin will
not object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not, provided the
gentleman will give the House notice of what
time he expects to occupy, for as this is Satur-
day afternoon we all expected an early adjourn-
ment.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Wis-
consin is familiar with the rule. The gentleman
has the unanimous consent of the House to
make a personal explanation. The Chair stated
the question and waited the usual time and no
objection was made.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, on the
20th of March last, I asked in this House
unanimous consent to introduce a bill for a
land grant to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from the town of Taylor's Falls, in the
State of Minnesota, by the way of St. Cloud to
the western boundary of the State; and asked
that it be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and printed. An objection was made
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
burne.] I did not hear any other objection
at the time. It seems, however, that the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] had also
objected. I immediately went to the gentle-
man from Illinois and said to him that I was
about to leave the city to go to the State of
Connecticut to labor in behalf of the Repub-
lican party in that State, that I must leave the
next day, and that I would be obliged to him
as a personal favor if he would withdraw his
objection and permit me to introduce the bill.
His answer to me was, " Mr. ITolman has ob-
jected/' Taking it for granted that he meant
that he would not press his objection I went to
Mr. Holman. I made the same statement to
him, and, although opposed to me in politics,
he was still gentleman enough to say that he
would not attempt to interfere with the mere
introduction of the bill, and he rose, as you
will recollect, Mr. Speaker, and said that al-
though opposed to land grants, he was not
opposed to the introduction and reference of
the bill, and withdrew his objection. The
Speaker again put the question, and stated
that the bill would have its lirst and second
readings, when the gentleman from Illinois
rose in his seat and said, " I also object," and
it was impossible for me to introduce the bill.
I was filled, as any gentleman would be, with
indignation at this course, at this seeming ill
faith, and I sat down and wrote a letter to the
gentleman most interested in that project, and
who had written to me upon the subject, and
stated merely the facts, i send that letter to
the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Hon. W. H. C. Folsom, Taylor % Falls, Minnesota:
I have carefully prepared a bill for agrantof lands
to the State of Minnesota, to aid in the construction
of a railroad "from Taylor's Palls, via St. Cloud, to
the western boundary of the State," as will appear
by a copy of the Globe, which I will send you to-
morrow. Mr. E. B. Washburne, of Illinois, twice
objected, and prevented its introduction and refer-
ence to the Committee on Public Lands. As unani-
mous consent was necessary, the objection made by
Mr. Washburne hasdclayedfortheprcsentall action
upon the bill. I fear that this delay will throw the
bill forward to a very late period in the session.
The introduction and reference of bills are so much
"matters of course" in parliamentary proceedings,
that I am at a loss to account for this action of Mr.
Washburne. I should regret to think that his con-
tinual opposition to every measure of publicand pri-
vate nature in which I appear to be interested is due
to a desire to utterly impair my ability to serve my
constituents, I can scarcely think it possible for any
respectable gentleman to indulge in such an illiberal
and ungenerous policy; but the fact remains that he
seems determined to resist in every way every meas-
ure which I deem important to my constituents. I
propose to do my whole duty in spite of his opposi-
' Truly, your friend, I. DONNELLY
Mr. DONNELLY. t Mr. Speaker, that letter,
it seems, was printed in the local paper the
locality in question, and from that was dissem-
inated over the entire State. It also seems that
the gentleman from Illinois has in my district
a brother who has been laboring for years to
supplant me here in my seat in this body and
come here as a member of Congress. I he
newspapers of the State, in commenting upon
this action of the gentleman from Illinois, re-
flected somewhat upon the gentleman s brother.
The result was that the gentleman from Illinois
wrote and sent to one of the prominent papers
of my State, the St. Puul Press, a letter which
I undertake to say is without a parallel in the
history of this Congress, without a parallel in
the history of any parliamentary body on the
face of the earth—a letter so shocking, so
i abusive, so outrageous in its character and in
all its parts that I should hesitate to offend the
ears of this body with the reading of it, did I
not feel that justice to my own reputation
demands it. 1 ask the Clerk to read the letter,
which I now send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
House op Representatives
Washington, i). c., April 10,18g8.
Dear Sir: Some one has sent me a Minnesota
newspaper containing a letter addressed to you by
Mr.441.Donnelly." XhisMr." I.Donnelly "seems
to be in search of sympathy from hiseonstituents, by
making a whining complaint against me for object-
ing to the introducing of some bill which he pre-
tended to be anxious to sret before the House. He
must place a verylow estimateupon the intelligence
of his constituents if he does not suppose they could
see through his shallow device to make a little local
capital under a pretense thoroughly false.
He says he had prepared a bill tor a errant of land
to construct a railroad "from Taylor's Falls, via St.
Cloud, to the western boundary of tbe State," and
that he attempted to introduce it into the House,
and that I objected to it, and which objection he
says " delayed for the present .all action on the bill/'
As he has addressed you on the subject, I will ask
you to look, for a moment, at this Jesuitical per-
formance of your member in this regard. He knew,
in the first place, that there was not the ghost of a
chance for the passage of any such bill; and, in the
second place, it such a bill should pass there would
be little, if any, land between i'aylor's Falls and St.
Cloud to go to the State under tbe proposed grant,
as nearly all the land is either taken up or included
in former grants. And what would seem strange in
the light of this extraordinary letter in regard to this
very important mutter, is that your member should
have delayed the introduction of his bill for the long
period of four months, for he could have introduced
it, under the rules, on every Monday since Congress
met, which was on the 21st day of November last.
But he iailed to bring it in until the 20th day of last
month, when he attempted to get it in out of order.
This was on Friday. On the succeeding Monday,
the 23d ultimo, Minnesota was called for tbe intro-
duction of bills, under which call this very bill could
have been introduced by your member, regardless
of any and all objections by myself or by any one
else. But what will a constituency think of a Rep-
resentative who, after parading before them the
grievance that I objected to his introduction of his
bill on Friday, the 20th of March, failed to introduce
the samo bill on Monday, the 23d of March, when
there could have been no objection to it. As to the
"delay" he speaks of, which will throw *' the bill for-
ward to a very late period in the session." it will be
perceivcd that he alone is responsible lor it.
The exploits of your member in this matter are
akin to another Jesuitical performance of his iu the
same line. On tho27th of January lasthemtroduecd
a bill into the House granting, as I understand. U
have not seen the bill) two hundred thousand acres
of land to improve the Mississippi river between St.
Paul and Minneapolis. The object of this action
undoubtedly was to antagonize this proposition to
grant land for this purpose (a proposition almost
unprecedented, and which he knew Congress would
never agree to) with a proposition before the Com-
mittee on Commerce to make an appropriation of
money for that purpose. By these means he sup-
posed he might deleat aid lor the object, and tucn
have another opportunity to attribute the failure to
me, as chairman of the Committeo on Commerce.
How coutemptible must any Representative of an
intelligent and patriotic constituency appear, when
found guilty of such a scandalous attempt to impose
upon them!
Mr. Donnelly says he is at a loss to account for my
action in objecting to his bill, and he evidently in-
tends to convey the idea that my official action is
hostile to the interests of your State. I objected to
the bill not only because he attempted to introduce
it out of order, but I objected to it tor the xeuvoii that
from my knowledge of his character, and from his
connection with legislation here, I have become ex-
tremely suspicious of everything that he proposes.
And when your member arraigns mc for hostility to
i the interests of your noble State, he seems to forget,
what is known to all your older settlers, that I labored
here for the interests of your State, by both voice
and vote, long before he left Philadelphia, under
suspicious circumstances, between two days, and
long before he changed his name and politics; the
i latter from a Buchanan Locoioco to a Republican,
; and madehisadventin Minnesota as an ofliee beggar.
'■ It is not my opposition to Minnesota interests tliat
excites the hostility of your member. It is my oppo-
sition to his schemes of*plunder and aggrandizement
that leads him to assail me. My congressional record
for sixteen ycais is open to the public, and I chal-
lenge its severest scrutiny. I trust it will not be
found to be stained with venality, corruption, and
crime. I commend the examination of the record of
5;our member to his constituents, and if they do not
hnd that every corrupt, extravagant, and piolligat©
measure ever brought before the llou^-e has received
his support 1 will acknowledge myself mistaken.
It might be well for the constituents of your mem-
ber to inquire what was his action in tho matter of
legalizing by act of Congress that most serious oh;
j btruction to the free navigation of the Mississippi
I river, the Clinton bridge? This bridge has been the
tncansof inflicting untold injury upon tho commerce
; and people of thcupper Mississippi. Ir has be«m the
, terror of all lumbermen of Minnesota, and tbuy have
been damaged in various ways by the obstruction of
the Clinton and Rock Island bridges hundreds and
hundreds of thousands of dollars. Indeed, it is .safe
« to say that tho damage done by tlie breaking- up of
