3374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
They go on further than overt acts of trea-
son. They say any person "who in anyway
aided, counseled, or advised the separation
of Kentucky from the Federal Union, or
adhered to those who were engaged in efforts
to separate her from the Union." Now, then,
those men who notoriously sympathized with
the rebelliou could not have so done without
in some way aiding, advising, or counseling
it. And it is worthy of remark that, notwith-
standing this charge was contained in the
notice served on Mr. Young, he did not take
any evidence to contradict this evidence
brought here on the part of the contestant.
And my friend from Kentucky, when he
referred to the case of Mr. Coryell, at Orange-
burgh, in Mason county, forgot to mention
that he was also a candidate for justice of the
peace, and disqualified to act as an election
officer by the law of Kentucky, which requires
the coroner to act in such cases; and there-
fore, independent of the charge of disloyalty,
he was disqualified by the reason that he was
a candidate for ofRce at that election.
There being 863 of this class, of votes thus
illegally returned, I find that even allowing all
the rebel votes it would leave a majority of
27.1 for Mr. McKee. But I insist that the law
of the case has not been changed at all by the
law which was read to-day, and which was
referred to by the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Poland.] The mere fact that Congress
referred to the date of a certain proclamation
as the date from which two years should run
for certain military purposes does not affect
this question in the least. The simple ques-
tion is this: when men engage in war against
their country, and take up arms against it, do
they or do they not forfeit any political rights?
Gentlemen will not claim that while waging
war against the Government they have a right
to elect members of Congress. Then when
peace is restored I deny that these men's ori-
ginal political rights spring up immediately into
action without any act of the sovereign power
of the nation. I am willing to go before the
people of the country upon that issue. I say
that when a rebel throws down the cartridge-
box he cannot take up the ballot-box and
immediately assume either to come into this
House, or send an agent here to represent him,
without the consent of the sovereign power of
the nation. Tke effect would be nothing more
nor less than to permit him to reorganize
rebellion on the floor of thi3 House under legal
forms and proceedings. No republican gov-
ernment can exist on any such basis. Gen-
tlemen say there is no precedent. Well, of
course, in the very nature of things, there can
be no precedent. There is no precedent for
such a rebellion, and I hope to God there will
never be another. But in order to prevent it
it is necessary for us to distinctly lay down and
assert the principle that all political rights do
not necessarily revert to all men whtf engage in
rebellion when peace is first restored as they
were before the rebellion unless by the per-
mission of the sovereign power of the people.
The gentleman from Indiana says that this
is a matter which is wholly controlled by the
local authorities of the States. I submit to
him that the local authorities of the States
have no control over the naturalization laws
of the country, and that that is an exclusive
power in the General Government. But the
position which he lays down, if carried out,
abrogates that clause of the Constitution, strikes
at the whole power of naturalization, so far as
allowing men to vote for Federal officers is
concerned, and would make it null and void.
I submit to him that no republican govern-
ment can exist in safety which will permit a
man who has been engaged in arms against it j
the moment the rebellion is overpowered to go !
to the ballot-boxand vote for a Representative !
in the national Legislature.
Mr. JONES. I will ask the gentleman if
the reconstruction acts passed by Congress do
not permit such men to vote?
Mr. UPSON. Those men in the South
derive their power to vote solely and wholly i
from the acts of Congress. Can the gentle-
man show any such law of Congress in relation
to rebels in Kentucky?
Mr. JONES. I cannot.
Mr. UPSON. It is by virtue of the recon-
struction acts of Congress, not by any inherent
right of their own, that they have the right to
vote in the southern States, and when 1 look
into the State of Kentucky and find that every
man who is black, no matter how intelligent
or moral he may be, is disfranchised, I do not
think it lies with them to exclaim so loudly
about the injustice of excluding rebels from
the polls.
Mr. JONES. Is there any difference between
persons who went out of the State and fought
and those who remained in the State ?
Mr. UPSON. One reason why I insist upon
a rigid construction of the State law is because
of the condition of things in Kentucky, eon-
sequent upon the rebellion. There are some
things which are matters of history. If the
gentleman who quoted the proclamations of
the President on Saturday [Mr. GolladayJ
had examined the same book a little further
(McPherson's Manual.) he would have found
therein the terms of the surrender of Lee and
Johnston, which he so persistently denied.
Now, inrelation to the necessity of enforcing,
these laws of Kentucky in relation to election
officers, I call attention to the fact that, as a
matter of history, we know and can take notice
judicially in this House of the fact that a large
portion of the citizens of that State went into
the rebellion, and that there has been there a
great deal of irregularity, violence, and intim-
idation of Union men ever since the rebel-
lion was overthrown. I saw but a few days
since a notice in the papers that a marshal of
the United States had recently been killed in
Kentucky because of his Unionism.
And even as late as September 30, 1867,
Major General Thomas, in his report from the
headquarters of his department, which will be
found in the last annual report of the Secre-
tary of War, in writing of the violence and
bloodshed in his department, and of the mur-
ders and robberies in the country districts in
Tennessee and Kentucky, makes use of this
language:
" The town of Columbia, in Maury county, Ten-
nessee, may also be mentioned as standing promi-
nently forth for obstacles thrown in the way of
obtaining justice through the civil.courts by any
who were not identified with the confederates. The
petty officers of the law, particularly a sheriif, by
virtue of that freemasonry existing among rebels and
rebel sympathizers in that locality, oftentimes could
make life almost unbearable to those who had not
remained consistently disloyal to tile Government.
Nor did Kentucky yield to Tennessee the palm for
disorder and violence, particularly in localities not
easily accessiblo to troops. A band of desperadoes,
known as ' regulators,' taking the law into their own
hands, or rather setting all law at defiance, scoured
the country, marking theirviotims and dealing mur-
ders and robberies with a profuseness unparalleled
in any civilized community. When called upon by
those suffering from these incursions for assistance,
X helplessly referred the complaints to the State
authorities, who, although perfectly willing to act,
and though deploring the condition of the affected
localities, could fmdno remedy through the law, and,
they failing, it became necessary for me to so post
my troops throughout Kentucky that by their pres-
ence they might intimidate, if they could not pre-
vent, the existing lawlessness.
" In Kentucky as well as in Tennessee the admin-
istration of justice depends in a great measure upon
the personal characters of the judge, sheriif, and
jurors, the laws seemingly making but little differ-
ence."
This, as I have stated, is from a report from
General Thomas, made as late as September
30, 1867, more than four months after this
election was held m Kentucky. In this State
the voting is viva voce; the name of each
voter and the candidate for whom he votes
being publicly cried by the sheriff or his
deputy, and recorded by the clerk.
From the nature of their powers and duties
as well as from the condition of Kentucky
consequent upon the rebellion, it will be seen
how important it was that these election offi-
cers should be impartially selected and ap-
pointed as required by law, equally from each
of the two political parties, and also that no
participant in or adherent of the rebellion
should be allowed to be appointed or to act as
such election officer; and the law of Kentucky
recognizes this importance by imposing a pen-
alty on all officers of that State, having the
power to appoint any of such election officers,
who fail to observe these requirements.
And I might refer to the evidence to show
how intimidation prevailed at this election, and
the necessity for having these la«"s enforced.
The county judge of Mason county, who was a
paroled prisoner from Camp Jackson, ap-
pointed all these officers in that county, and he
himself was by law one of the county board of
canvassers of the election.
In addition to that, I may call the attention
of the House, in the few minutes that remain
to me of my time, to some testimony to further
show the necessity of a proper enforcement of
the State law. On page 39 you will find this:
" Question. Please state if in this county, at the
May election, 1867, any violence, force, or threats were
used against Union men; and if so,state all you saw
or knew.
'*Answer. I was at the Mud Lick Springs precinct,
and saw force used, or weapons, against Union men.
The circumstances were these: one Enoch .Pergra-m
shot Thomas Clark, a Union man, for no other reason,
as I thought, than that he declared himself in favor
oi negro suffrage. Pergram said any man who votes
for that ought to be shot, and ho did shoot him. After
Clark was shot ho ran off some twenty steps and
crossed the fence. I went to him and saw he was
fatally shot, and assisted him to the house and waited
on him. I saw across the road Mr.Pergram and sev-
eral men flourishing pistols and making demonstra-
tions, and I went to Kobert Weils, the sheriif of the
county, and asked him to arrest Pergram, and lie
said he could not do it then. I offered to assisthim.
I was then advised by Union men to get away from
there, and I did go away.
" Question. Was any arrest made, and did the man
ClaAdie?
"Answer. There was no arrest made while I stayed,
and the man Clark did die. There might have been
an arrestafter I left. Xdo not believe thatthefcheriff
or any one else would have been safe to have at-
tempted making an arrest at that time."
Let me now read from pages 47 and 48 of
the testimony what Mr. Roberts swears to:
"Aimoer. I was during the month of April in the
following counties: Lewis, Lawrenco, Boyd, Floyd,
Morgan, Pike, Montgomery, and Bath, and had an
excellent opportunity of ascertaining the feelings of
the people in those counties, (in Morgan and Floyd
particularly.) where the rebel clement prevails.
Captain McKee was threatened, if the word of some
of the most prominent citizens can be relied on. As
for myself I would not have undertaken to can-
vass those counties advocating the principles of
Captain McKee without sufficient guard to prevent
disturbances; I would consider that I was hazard-
ing my life. In West Liberty, Morgan county, the
meeting of which Captain McKee was the speaker
was interrupted by a gang of returned rebel soldiers,
and several pistols were drawn, and had ic not been
for Captain McKee's bold effrontery they would, no
doubt, have cither killed or crippled him. X heard
previous to Captain McICee's going there that it
would be unsafe for him to attemptto speak there, as
there had been throats made against his life. Dur-
ing the disturbance I beard some of the crowd say,
'Kill the d d nigger,' (referring to McKee.)
"Question. From what you saw and know of the
state of feeling at certain points in this congressional
district in May, 1867, do you or do you not believe it
would have been dangerous for men to vote for Mc-
Kee at some of the precincts of the upper counties,
and do you or do younotbelievethatsomeloyal men
were deterred from voting at said May election for
Samuel McKee because of a dread of violence then
or afterward to themselves ?
"Answer. From what I saw and heard I do firmly
believe that there was danger of men voting for Me«
Kee being either violated or disturbed either in per-
son or property: at some of the precincts in the dis-
trict it was not safe for a man to vote his senti-
ments."
This was in precincts which I insist .should
be thrown out; nnd if they are? it elects McKee.
I read from page 66 to show the fear of per-
sonal violence under which some of these wit-
nesses testified :
"Question. "What is the character of all tho men
named by you as voting for Young? Are they not
peaceablc law-abiding citizens?
"Answer. Many of them are, but some of them are
not.
"Question. Please name the man or men of the
above number who were not peaceable, law-abiding
citizens, on the 4t.ii of May, 1867.
^ I cannot and will not answer this ques-
tion ; I am afraid of peisonal violence,"
I may also add that in numerous instances,
as shown by the testimony, the officers before
whom the testimony was taken, assuming to
themselves the prerogatives of this House,
took upon. them to decide on the legality and
admissibility of testimony; overruled ques-
