1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1327
and other public property now m your custody and
charge.
Respectfully yours,
„ ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Hon. Edwin M. Stanton. Washington, D. 0.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that be referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction and ordered to be printed; and on
that motion I demand the previous question.
Mr. BOUTWELL. With leave to the com-
mittee to report at any time.
Mr. MUNCrEN. Let it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
yield for that motion.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move that
it be referred to a select committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Reconstruction is a competent com-
mittee, and is the one it should go to. I insist
on the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the papers were referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the papers were
referred; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MUNGEN moved to adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the Navy appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 601, making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
the 30th of June, 18159.
The Clerk read as follows:
Por furniture and repairs of Naval Asylum at
Philadelphia, $1,000.
Mr. SPALDING-. I move to strike out
"$1,000" and insert. "$5,000."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One thou-
sand is what was estimated.
Mr. SPALDING. No, sir; the estimate
was SG.OOO. Five thousand dollars is wanted,
and 1 hope we will not cut down the charities
of the Navy Department.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For pay of superintendents and the civil establish-
ment at the several navy-yards and stations under
the control of the Bureau of Yards and Docks and
at the Navy Asylum, $50,000.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend by adding
to the paragraph just read the following pro-
viso :
Provided That the civil engineer and naval store-
keeper at the several navy-yards, and that the per-
sons employed at the several navy-yards to super-
intend the mechanical department, and heretofore
known as master-machinists, t master-carpenters,
master-joiners, master-blacksmiths, master-boiler-
makers, master sailmakeis. master-plumbers, mas-
ter-painters, master-calkors, master-masons, master-
boatbuildcrs, master-sparmakers, master-blockmak-
ers, and the superintendents of the rope-walk, shall
be appointed by thePresident with advice and consent
of the Senate, shall be men skilled in their several
duties, and appointed from civil life, and shall not be
appointed from the officers of the Navy.
Mr. SPALDING. I raise the question of
order that this is independent legislation.
Mr. BANKS. It is not; it is a reaffirma-
tion of the law, and is of the same character
as a proviso attached to a statute of last year.
It is consistent with the uniform provisions of
the laws of the country, and it is to correct a
change introduced by the Navy Department
without any authority of law whatever.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. A ques-
tion of order must, be decided without debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not in-
structed upon the law in this case. If the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] will
point out the law the Chair will decide the
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ?f Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Ohio will withdraw the point
of order.
Mr. SPALDING. I can only say that this
appropriation is made in compliance with the
law, and the amendment is against the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is ignorant
on the subject.
Mr. BANKS. In reply to the point of order
urged against the amendment I have offered,
I send to the Chair, first, a statement of the
practice of the Government upon this subject
in the several navy-yards of the country until
a very recent period ; second, two articles from
the regulations of the Navy Department issued
in 1859 ; and third, a similar provision in the
law of 18C7, inserted upon my own motion in
the appropriation bill of that year.
Prior to and during the late civil war a mas-
ter-workman stood at the head of every me-
chanical department of this yard. The follow-
ing are among the instructions concerning
master-workmen issued in 1859 by Hon. Isaac
L. Toucey, the Secretary of the Navy :
Aeticle 4.
They shall bave the immediate control of and be
vigilant to insure constant diligence from all those
who may be employed under their special direction.
Article 0.
They will be allowed the selection of the workmen
to bo employed in their respective branches of labor,
subject to the approval of the commandant. The
nominations to bo made through tho chiefs of the
respective departments, and will beheld account-
able for the proper execution of the work under their
charge, and that none but efficient and competent
men bo employed : when areduetion id required they
shall select for discharge those whose services can
best be dispensed with consistently with the interest
ofthc Government.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. SPALDING. I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read
from the statute of last year referred to by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
The Clerk read as follows:
"Provided, That tho civil engineer and naval store-
keeper, when required at any of the navy-yards,
shall be appointed by the President, by and with tho
advice and consult of the Senate, and the persons
employed in the several navy-yards, tho master-
machinists. master-carpenters, master-joiners, mas-
ter-blacksmiths, master-boilermakers, mastcr-sail-
makers, master-plumbers, master-painters, andmas-
ter-ealkers, shall be men skilled in their several du-
ties, and appointed trom civil lite."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
no necessity of reenacting that law.
Mr. BANKS. There is a necessity ; it has
been totally disregarded.
Not to enter into any debate upon this
amendment, 1 desire to state briefly some of
the reasons which lead the workmen them-
selves to believe that the removal of existing
impediments to the proper exercise of skill,
workmanship, and economical performance of
duties by master-workmen and foremen recently
established will be for the benetit of the ser-
vice as well as for the workingmen.
First. By the reduction of master-workmen
to the rank of foremen they are denied a most
important privilege of selecting workmen, in-
dependent of dictation by incompetent judges,
either for employment or discharge.
Second. By being deprived of the immediate
control of those admitted to be employed under
their special direction.
Third. By having watchmen placed over
those who are ignorant of the mechanical
duties tobeperformed, who, through ignorance,
whim, or capiice, report negligence of duly,
while the man so reported is entirely innocent
of the charge, nevertheless, though he may be
the most faithful and efficient man in the gang,
he is forthwith discharged, without inquiry or
consultation with the master-workman, there-
by destroying the proper influence which very
essentially conduces to the advantageous and
economical peiformance of his duties.
Fourth. By an injudicious rule which pro-
hibits the employment of men under any cir-
cumstances until they are by requisition placed
officially upon the muster-roll, which causes
many times a delay equal to the time neces-
sary to perform the labor for which they were
required.
Fifth. By oftentimes preventing transporta-
tion of men and materials from one job to
another without a written pass from a naval
officer, thereby many times causing much de-
lay, with a corresponding increase of expense
to Government.
Sixth. By not being allowed to muster their
own men, thereby causing much unnecessary
delay with great increased expense.
Seventh. By a late injudicious practice of
preventing master-workmen of so economizing
their business as to prevent as little loss of time
on account of stormy weather as possible, an
economy which is always practiced in private
yards both to the advantage of the employer
and employed.
Eighth. By doing away with an old-estab-
lished economical rule which has the universal
sanction of all practical mechanics (as a pre-
mium for first-class men) of keeping steadily
employed, as far as practicable, only such
number of workmen as will meet the demands
of time for the performance of the work to be
accomplished, thereby multiplying the variety
of workmen, which naturally impairs the
quality of workmanship, together with the fre-
quent changes; a lack of inducements to the
faithful performance of duty is the natural re-
sult, consequently inferior workmanship and
an increase of cost is the final result.
Ninth. By making unjust distinctions be-
tween the naval and civil authorities, while
the badge of the first secures and protects all
the rights and privileges belonging to him,
while the rights and privileges of the latter
are subject to the control of the former, and
as their respectability and duties are of equal
value to Government, such unjust distinc-
tion allows <hcm to withhold confidences and
lowers the dignity of master-workmen, hence
the necessity, for the interest of all eoneerned,
of bestowing the badge of honor and protec-
tion on master-workmen as their equals in the
interest of Government.
Tenth. By holding them responsible to the
faithful performance of duties, regardless of
the many obstacles of which the foregoing
catalogue is but a faint outline, thereby dis-
couraging them in their efforts to render an
equivalent which Government demands for the
position they hold.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
Secretary of the Navy has disregarded that
law he will still disregard it again.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw the appeal.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting:
For the purchase of hemp and other material for
the navy ; for the purchase of coal and tho transpor-
tation and other expenses thereon; for the purchase of
vaiiousarticiesof equipment,namely: wireropeand
maehiueiy for its manufactuie, hides, cordage, can-
vas. leather, iron cables and anchors, furniture, gal-
leys, and hose; and for the payment of labor for
equlping vessels, and manufacture of articles in the
navy-yards pertaining to this bureau, $1,000,000.
Mr. COVODE. I move to strike out
" $1,000,000," and insert "$600,000."
Mr. SPALDING. I oppose the amend-
ment. The estimate is $1,000,000, and we
have cut it down to $1,000,000, and I hope
the committee will not reduce it any lower.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For expenses of Naval Academy, namely:
For pay ofprofessorsan'd others, $73.001: Provided,
That the professorships of mathematics, astronomy,
natural and experimental philosophy, drawing. and
ethics shall bo abolished at the end of tne fiscal
year 186$. and filled by naval officers, to be detailed
by tho superintendent of the IN aval Academy, with
the approval of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. PIKE. I make the point of order on
that proviso that it is independent legislation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, I
move to strike it out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the proviso will be stricken
out.
