1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4899
is a necessary regulation for emigrant ships,
and the committee will agree to confine it to
emigrant ships, of course 1 can have no objec-
tion, and I am glad that the committee has
undertaken to regulate that business, because
I think it one of the most inhuman traffics as
now carried on known to the world. I would
thank the committee for their efforts in that
behalf; but I do not understand the degree to
which this measure may interfere with the pas-
senger traffic where emigrants are not carried.
I desired that information at which the Sen-
ator got angry.
Mr. MORGAN. I should be very glad to
go on and make some amendments to this res-
olution, and when we have it perfected the
Senator from California can understand, better
what it is.
Mr. CONNBSS. I will give way until the
Senator gets through with his amendments.
Mr. MORGAN. In section one, line eight,
after the words "main deck," I move to insert
" or within a compartment on said deck and
in the same line to strike out the word " poop"
and insert the word "spar;" so that it will
read:
And on the main deck or within a compartment on
said deck and spar deck one passengerfor every one
hundred cubic i'eetof clearspace contained therein.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. The next amendment is in
section two, line seven, to strike out the words
" side lights and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. The nextamendment is in
section two, line nine, to strike out the word
"limitation" and insert "provision."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. In the same line, after
the word "space," I move to strike out the
word " and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to add to the end
of that section the following:
And for ventilation; and for every violation of tlie
provisions of this act the owner, agent, or master
thall be liable to a penalty of not more than $2,000
and not less than &500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. The nextamendment is in
section three, line four, after the word "ship-
board," to insert:
And embracing sucli other provisions as may to
them seem proper.
That is in relation to the report of the com-
mittee at the next session.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. In section two, lines seven
and eight, I move to strike out the words
"main and poop decks and," and to insert
"one deck situated immediately below the
upper or main d£ck and inso that the clause
will read:
Nor upon any deck not having good and sufficient
ventilation; nor on any sailing vessel expect upon
one deck situated immediately below the upper or
main deck and indeckhousessubject to the aforesaid
provision, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following, to
come in as a proviso at the end of the second
section:
Provided, That the provisions of this resolution
shall only apply to ships engaged in carrying emi-
grants from ports in the United States and Europe.
Mr. MORGAN. I shall not object to the
amendment that is proposed by the Senator
from California. There has been such a gen-
eral demand from all sections of the country,
as has been shown by the report and by the
various bills that have been introduced, and
the numerous petitions presented from Cincin-
nati and Cleveland, for the passage of these
two sections, and I regard them as so import-
ant, that if the Senator wishes to make an ex-
ception in relation to passengers to California
I shall not object. It is very important that
the joint resolution should pass.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say one word in
explanation. We have for the first time in a
long period an active competition between two
lines in carrying passengers to California. It
is regarded by our whole people as a fortuitous
circumstance. It is giving us that increase of
population which we so much require. There
is already a labor exchange established at San
Francisco to provide for the employment of
immigrants, and it is carried on very vigor-
ously. I do not know to what extent this joint
resolution might interfere with that traffic. It
is now going on in the most acceptable manner.
Nobody objects to it. The whole community
in California hail it as something not to be dis-
turbed, but to be encouraged ; and as the joint
resolution, to which I have no objection, pro-
poses to protect immigrants crossing the Atlan-
tic, I hope this amendment will be adopted,
which will leave us as we are, at least until the
committee shall have time to examine the sub-
ject next December.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
Subsequently,
Mr. CONNESS said: I should like to modify
the amendment that I offered to Senate joint
resolution No. 1G2, to regulate the carriage of
passengers in steamships and other vessels,
which passed a fe-v minutes since, so that it
may be engrossed. It will take but a moment.
I move to reconsider the vote on the passage of
the joint resolution for the purpose of modifying
the amendment that was adopted on my motion.
Mr. MORGAN. I should prefer to have
the Senator from California state what his
amendment is. Perhaps the Senate will not
object to it.
Mr. CONNESS. I submitted it to the Sen-
ator, and understood he approved it.
Mr. MORGAN. State it to the Senate, and
it may be adopted by unanimous consent.
Mr" CONNESS. I desire to substitute in
lieu of the provision that I offered the follow-
ing : #
Provided, That the provisions of this resolution
shall not apply to ships engaged in cairying pas-
sengers from the port of New York to California.
I do not wish the regulations applied to
emigrant ships to be applied to these vessels,
because they are differently constructed ; and
the amendment heretofore adopted does not
secure that end.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the amendment now proposed
by the Senator from California will be substi-
tuted lor the amendment heretofore adopted.
Mr. MORGAN. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia desires the amendment in that form I
shall not object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There
being no objection, it will be substituted for
the other amendment.
SURVEYS OF RIVERS AND HARBORS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate pioceed to the consideration of House
joint resolution No. 323.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the V\ hole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 323)
in relation to surveys and examinations of
rivers and harbors. It directs the Secretary
of War to cause to be prepared and submitted
to Congress in connection with the reports of
examinations and surveys of rivers and harbors
hereafter made by order of Congress, full state-
ments of all existing facts tending to show to
what extent the general commerce of the coun-
try will be promoted by the several works of
improvements contemplated by such examina-
tions and surveys, to the end that public moneys
shall not be applied excepting where such im-
provements shall tend to subserve the general
commercial and navigation interests of the
United States.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SALE OF SHIPS TO FRIENDLY BELLIGERENTS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 94.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
94) declaratory of the law in regard to the sale
of ships to friendly belligerents.
Mr. CHANDLER. That bill was once
passed and then reconsidered on the motion
of the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Patterson,] who has withdrawn his opposition
to it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Not
exactly that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I so understood.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
will say a word in relation to this bill. This
bill passed the Senate the other day and I
moved a reconsideration, and I wish to give
my reasons for having done so.
It is known that the Committee on Retrench-
ment have had under consideration for a long
time the matter of the sale of one of our iron-
clads to the Peruvian Government. It was
thought by some members of the committee
that this bill trenched upon the course of the
Government on that subject. I will read the
section of the neutrality laws which members
of the committee thought this bill interfered
with:
" If any person shall, within the limits of the United
States, lit out and arm, or attempt to fit out and arm,
or procure to be lit ted out and aimed, or shall know-
ingly be concerned in the furnishing, fitting out, or
arming of any ship or vessel, with intent that such
ship or vessel shall bo employed in the service of any
foreign prince or State, or of any colony, district, or
peopie, to cruise or commit hostilities against the
subjects, citizens, or property of any foreign prince
or State, or of any colony, district, or people with
whom the United States are at peace ; or gha.ll issue
or deliver a commission, within the territory or juris-
diction of the United States, tor any ship or vessel,
to the intent that she may bo employed as aforesaid,
every person so offending shall be deemed guilty of
a high misdemeanor, and shall bo fined not more
than blO.OUU, and imprisoned not more than thiee
years. And every such ship or vessel, with her
tackle, apparel, and furniture, together with all
materials, arms, ammunition, and stores which may
have been procured for the building and equipment
thereof, shall be forfeited; one hall to theuseofthe
informer, and the other half to the use of the United
States."
Now, this bill provides :
That, in order to remove all doubt with regard to
the existing law, it is hereby declared that nothing
contained therein shall be construed to render ifc
illegal to sell or charter a vessel or steamer built
within the United States, or purchased from the
United States, to any foreign government at peace
with the United States, or to any subject of such
Government, although the vessel or steamer be
wholly or in part prepared for war : Provided.^ That
the transaction is simply commercial, with no intent
on the part of the seller or charterer to participate
in any belligerent act, and that the vessel or steamer,
while in trunmtu, is in no respect exempted Irom the
law of contraband.
In the case of the Meteor, Judge Nelson
decided that it was lawful to sell a vessel of
war to a foreign Power as a mere commercial
transaction, provided there was no evidence of
an intent on the part of the person making the
sale to engage in war with a Power with which
we were at peace ; but it seemed to the com-
mittee that this bill covered a little larger ground
than that ; that it came in conflict with the law.
However, I do not wish personally to take the
responsibility of preventing the passage of this
bill. I do not withdraw my objection to it;
but I wish to throw upon the Senate the respons-
ibility of passing the bill or refusing to pass
it; because Mr. Forbes, who owned the Meteor,
has written me in relation to it, and says that
: he was put to an expense of over $200,000 in
j the case of the Meteor, and it was decided by
1 Judge Nelson that his case was a good one ;
I that there was no reason for arresting his
% Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator yield to me for a moment?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I submit to the
honorable Senator, the chairman of the Com-
i mittee on Commerce, whether he had not bet-
I ter allow this bill to go over in order that w e
I may proceed with some others ?
