1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I discovered another thing, that the Mississippi
river was the eastern boundary of my State,
that we exported fifteen million bushels of
wheat annually, that at least twelve million
of those bushels sought their way by the most
direct route to Chicago and Milwaukee, and
that if there were no bridges across the Mis-
sissippi river that wheat would have to be re-
handled, taken from the cars and put on boats
and reloaded on the other bank of the river,
which could not be done for less than three
cents a bushel, making an aggregate in amount
of §5300,000 per annum—an amount as great
as the entire tax paid by the people of my
State, an amount that in ten years would run
up to $8,000,000, This upon our present
crop ; but we are growing at the rate of twenty
per cent, per annum. In ten years the annual
tax so inflicted upon our crops would be equal
to $3,000,000, taken right out of the pockets
of our farming community, our grain raisers.
The bill came up again in the next Congress.
I heard the discussion. It was sustained by
some of the leading men in this House: by
Messrs. Alley of Massachusetts, Davis of New
York, Scofield of Pennsylvania, Farquhar
of Indiana, and Price of Iowa. The vote on
the passage of the bill stood 101 to 43. I voted
for the measure. I so voted because I believed
it was my duty to my constituents. I never
supposed thatany man would attempt to charge
me with corruption upon such a vote as that.
I knew, Mr. Speaker, that when my State asked
for a bridge to the city of Winona across that
river the gentleman from Illinois opposed it.
The vote was 80 to 34. Be spoke against it;
he voted against it. The only exception in
which the gentleman has not opposed bridges
here was, I believe, the case of the bridge at
La Crosse, where the gentleman's brother
resides.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as to these millions of
dollars of damages that have been inflicted by
that bridge I can only turn to my distinguished
and honored friend from Iowa, [Mr. PiucG,]
who is here present, and who lives within forty
or lifty miles of that bridge, and who tells me
that from the day we passed that bill to the
present time he has never heard of one in-
stance where any damage has been inflicted by
that bridge upon rafts or boats or merchan-
dise. So much for that point.
I tnrn now to the Union Pacific railroad
resolution. I find I have not time to read
extracts from the law. I will tell the House
what it was and leave it for further discussiou
to prove whether I speak truly or not. When
this Congress passed the great Union Pacific
railroad bill, they provided that whenever the
entire line of the Pacific railroad was built, and
it was apparent that the road was yielding ten
per cent, on its capital stock over and above
all expenses, then, and not till then, Congress
might have the right to reduce or regulate the
tariff of litres and charges upon that road.
The Union Paciiic railroad is not yet built; is
not yet constructed. It will not be constructed
probably until the Forty-Second or perhaps the
Forty-Third Congress meets here.
And what is the proposition of which.we
have heard so much on this floor? Why, sir,
itisto takeout of the hands ofthe Forty-Second
or the Forty-Third Congress that right which
alone belongs to them under that law, and put
it into the hands of three Cabinet ministers.
What is the imputation? Why, that it is easier
to buy up this entire Congress, in both its
branches, than these three men who may then
sit in the Cabinet. What right have we to
anticipate the legislation of the future? What
right have we to divest our Congress of this
right, and do it before the road is completed,
before we have any evidence that that entire
road will yield ten per cent, over and above all
expenses? I voted against it, and I did so
boldly, fearing no man's insinuations.
Sir, I believed it to be one of the spasmodic
outbursts of the gentleman which we have
witnessed here Congress afler Congress. Why,
sir, I can look back and recall how at the
opening of almost every Congress the gentle-
man has got up here, and—if the word was
parliamentary 1 would say—howled against
the railroad communication between New York
and this city, and demanded an air-line rail-
road, splitting the very heavens with his out-
cries, Suddenly there came a dead calm,
"And silence, like a poultice, tamo
To heal the wounds of sound,"
and we heard no more upon the subject until
the next Congress met.
But he says I voted for this because I held
an annual pass over the road. Ah! Mr.
Speaker, this is almost too much for human
contempt to reach. An annual pass upon a
road that I have never seen; over which I
have never traveled a mile; over which I do
not expect to travel until that great day when
aline of railroad communication shall extend
unbroken from New York to San Francisco!
On that day, standing on the Pacific coast, in
sight of the Golden Gate, looking back over
that mighty work, wedding iu everlasting mar-
riage the mightiest oceans ofthe globe, spanning
the continent as God's great bow of promise
spans the heaven, the glory of our nation, the
marvel of our age, it will then, Mr. Speaker,
be a consolation to know thatthat mightywork
has been resisted and opposed by every bla-
tant, loud-voiced, big-chested, small-headed,
bitter-hearted demagogue in all this laud.
I turn now to the Sioux City branch rail-
road charge. The charge is that I was false
to my constituents, and destroyed their con-
nection with the great Union Pacific railroad
by wiping out that branch. Let me answer
that as briefly as I may.
"When I was in the Thirty-Eighth Congress,
and by your kindness, Mr. Speaker, a mem-
ber of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, a
proposition came before that committee pre-
sented by a gentleman from Iowa, Mr. Hub-
bard, who lived at Sioux City, to turn that
great branch, the Sioux City branch of the
Union Pacific railroad, up the Niobrara river,
in a westerly or northwesterly direction. If
that bill had passed our people in that region
never would have had any connection with the
Union Pacific railroad. When they arrived at
Sioux City they would find the railroad run-
ning up the valley of the Niobrara, and end-
ing in the sand hills and sand plains which
Muilins described in his wagon-road report. I
resisted that; I prevented it. An amendment
was got through, which, when you analyze it,
(and I stand ready to analyze it to its narrow-
est confines, if the patience of this House
would permit,) simply provided that, instead
of the Union Pacific Railroad Company build-
ing that branch, any other company, to be se-
lected by President Lincoln, might build it. It
made no change iu the route. It expressly
provided that there should be no more expense;
and the building of the branch was given to a
company to be selected by the great and good
man 1 have named. He selected a company,
and that company built the road ; so that now
when a citizen of Minnesota reaches Sioux
City he is m railroad communication with the
Union Pacific railroad. That was the whole
extent of the legislation. It did not change
the route. An examination of the words of
the law will show that. I would gladly yield
to the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Pf.ice] for
his statement in reference to this subject; but
as my time is limited I would be glad to hear
his statement after I take my seat. The sole j
change was the change of the company. In- :
stead of involving the Government in "mil- i
lions of dollars of expense,'' that legislation 1
saved the Government y 3,200,000, which would
have been expended if the road had run iu a !
more westerly direction, and for two hundred ,
miles further. j
One word, Mr. Speaker, as to the charge j
contained in my letter to Jlr. Folsom, that this \
gentleman had opposed every measure in which ;
my State was interested. When we asked l'or i
a land grant for the Northern Pacific railroad, j
a great enterprise most dear to our people, the ;
gentleman opposed us and voted to lay our i
bill upon the table. At one time he helped to it
defeat it, and it was finally passed over his
opposition. When we asked for a subsidy for
that road he opposed the proposition, making
a violent speech against it arid denouncing it
on the floor of this House. When our land-
grant railroads came here and asli?d for an
extension on account of the war, thegentlem&n
resisted that measure also and voted against it.
Instead of having to-day four hundred miles
of railroad and four hundred thousand people
in the State of Minnesota, if the gentleman's
policy had prevailed, we should not have to-
day fifty miles of railroad nor two hundred thou-
sand people. So much for the gentleman's
devotion to our " noble young State."
But he says I am " an office-beggar." "An
ofiice-beggar I" and this from a gentleman
bearing the name that he does I Et tu Brute!
" An office-beggar I" Why, Mr. Speaker, when
I entered the State of Minnesota it was Demo-
cratic. When I entered the county in which I
reside it was two to one Democratic. I asked
no office; I expected none. But, Mr. Speaker,
the charge comes from such a quarter that I
cannot fail to notice it. Why, sir, the gentle-
man's family are chronic "office-beggars."
They are nothing if not in office. Out of office
they are miserable, wretched, God-forsaken—as
uncomfortable as that famous stump-tailed bull
in fly time. [Laughter.] Why, this whole
trouble arises from the persistent determination
of one of the gentleman's family to sit in this
body. Why, Mr. Speaker, every young male
of the gentleman's family is born into the world
with "M. C." franked across his broadest part.
[Laughter.] The great calamity seems to be
that God, in His infinite wisdom, did not make
any of them broad enough for the letters " U.
S. S." [Laughter.] There was room for U. S.
"We, Us & Co.," the firm.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must state to
the gentleman from Minnesota that these re-
marks are beyond the range of proper parlia-
mentary debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the party will be permitted to go on.
The SPEAKER. The Chair endeavors to
restrain debate, if possible, within proper
limits.
Mr. DONNELLY. I would be sorry to
overstep the proper limits of debate; but the
House must perceive from the character of
that letter that I must necessarily speak under
some heat.
Mr. Speaker, I turn now to the charges
against my personal character. The vile insin-
uation contained in that letter that I was a fugi-
tive from justice, that I " fled from the city of
Philadelphia under suspicious circumstances
between two days," is an absolute, unquali-
fied, unmitigated falsehood ; and but for the
respect I have for you, sir, and for this House,
I would use stronger language. I left the
city of Philadelphia on the loth of May,
18-37, in broad daylight, from the depot of the
Pennsylvania Central railroad, accompanied to
that depot by crowds of friends. For months
before my departure I had advertised in the
papers of that city (for I had many pecuniary
transactions with different people) that I would
leave upon the 1st day of May, and that all per-
sons having claims against mo must present
them.
Now, sir, a friend of mine. General Le Due,
of Minnesota, who the other day was in Phila-
delphia, hearing of these slanders, examined
the old files ol the Philadelphia Ledger, and
cut from them the advertisement which I send
to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Public Ledger, Man 12,1857.
At a meeting of tile Union Land ami Homestead
Association Ao. 1, held on Friday evening, the 8th
instant, at .Eighth and Locust streets, upon the pre-
sentation and acceptance of the resignation of Igna-
tius llonneily, esq., from the office of secretary of
the company, the following resolutions were offered
by Br, James Bryan, and unanimously adopted:
That the thanks of this association are
tendered to Mr. Ignatius Donnelly for his earnest,
zealous, and untiring efforts in its bohail. « e sin-
cerely believe that most of its success has been due
to hi*? exertions. He has not only given to it his time
