2352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
and bis energy, bat when it most needed assistance
lie has also advanced his means largely in its behalf.
licmlved. That he bears with him to his new homo
the best wishes of the members of this association
for bis prosperity and success.
Jtesolvcd, That these resolutions be published in
one or more of the daily papers.
* JOHN DUKOSS, Chairman.
T. Wit.r..u;n George, Secretary.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, that ad-
vertisement appeared in the most public pn^er
in the eity of Philadelphia, a paper with sixty
thousand circulation. It appeared on the 12th
of May, three days before my departure, so
that it seems to pie it is a sufficient answer to
the charge that 1 fled from that eity by stealth.
That advertisement notices my intended re-
moval and expresses the good wishes of that
body for my prosperity in it, a prosperity which,
I thank God, I have enjoyed despite the mali-
cious and desperate opposition which has been
made to me in some quarters.
Now, Mr. Speaker, onasubsequentoccasion,
when 1 was in the city of Philadelphia—for I
want to leave nothing that the tongue of slan-
der can touch upon unexplained—when I was in
the eity of Philadelphia, a man who belonged to
oneoi these companies of which 1 had been sec-
retary, after my absence from the city, during
the crisis of 18o7, either from poverty or other
cause, was unable to pay up his installments
upon the stock he held iu it, and according to
the rule of that society—the universal rule in
all such bodies—he forfeited the stock he held.
He had no remedy against the society: but
hearing that I, who had formerly been its sec-
retary and had settled up my affairs with it,
was in Philadelphia and was a member of Con-
gress, he thought, as such base natures think,
that he might wring from my fears this money
which he had no legal claim to, and he com-
menced proceedings against me. I now send
to the Clerk's desk and ask him to read aletter
—a letter from a gentleman well known to
many members of this House personally, well
known, 1 think, to all of them by reputation,
the distinguished Benjamin Harris Brewster, of
Philadelphia—a man whose learning, genius,
and character have illuminated the profession
of the law iu that State, of which he is now
Attorney General—the man under whom I
studied law, and who knew me from my boy-
hood up. I ask the Clerk to read what he says
in answer to this slander.
The Clerk read as follows:
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
Omen ok Attorney Gf.nebal,
hahrisbukg, April 23,1808.
My Dear Mr. Donnklj.y: Your letterof yesterday
is now belore me. It is a surprise to mo that any ono
should be so hardy as to assail your (rood name lor
acts done wbiie a resident here.
Xo ine you lia\e been known for nearly twenty
years. Yon were my student, and from 1819 to 1853
you were daily with me; and down to 1857 there was
not a week that we were not m constant intercourse.
For a year before you left it was publicly notorious
tbatyou were arranging your affairs to go west and
reside there. Your departure was open, public, con-
spicuously public. You made a formal call on me to
bid ine good-bye.
Your character from your boyhood up was well
known to mc; your business atlairs were known to
*ue, as you advised witn me, and trom other sources
my means of information were exact, and you were
regarded by me, as by others, indeed, by all who ever
spoke to me of you, as a man of uncommon energy,
skill, and strict integrity.
Alter you hail been absent for some years, and on an
occasion when you were present m Philadelphia, my
recollection isthatitwasinlSG3 you came tome.andj
to my surprise, you advised me that some person of
the name of Porter bad charged you with a conspir-
acy to defraud. As your counsel, the whole matter
was committed to my exclusive charge. The case
was heard before the magistrate, in my presence, and
he discharged you, there being no proof of any kind
against you.
My recollection is distinct; there was not the
shadow of proot against you. The conviction im-
pier^ed on my mind then was, and still is, that it was
an atrompt, under color of criminal proceedings, to
frighten you into the payment of a debt you did not
owe; and that there was also some personal and
political ill-feeling at the bottom of the affair.
In that transaction you acted like a man of cour-
age and high honor. You retused to plead the stat-
ute o( limitations, and you also refused to plead your
privilege as a member of the House of Represent-
atives; and that refusal was publicly announced by
me m open court, before the magistrate and all the
bysUmlcis. You also, being present, announced,
throusrh me, that no technical defense of any kind ]
would be set up; that you challenged any one to ,
come forward and make a charge, it they had n.ny to 1
make; and, as representing you, X farther said that,
if notice wore sent to 'me at any subsequent day,
when you were absent, that you would forthwith be
produced by me, at any time and from any distance;
that you had been honored by a respectable constit-
uency with a responsible office, and that you owed it
to their honor and to your own honor to confront all
accusers at ail times and meet all such charges on
their merits.
For my part, to me you have ever been dear as a
friend and a pupil of whom I am proud.
You are known by mo to enjoy a character for
stern integrity, and by me you would be trusted to
the utmost limit of human confidence.
Truly, as ever, more and moro, your friend,
BENJAMIN HARMS BREWSTER.
Hon. I. Donsislly,
Uottse of Jiepresentathes, Washington, D. C.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, how noble,
how beautiful do such utterances appear beside
the base, leprous slanders that have been sought
to be heaped upon me! 1 stand here reiterating
the declaration I then made, that if anywhere
on God's'earth, down in the mire of filth and
all Hastiness, the gentleman can pluck up any-
thing that touches my honor, let it come. I
shall meet it on its merits. 1 have gone through
the entire catalogue; I have analyzed the con-
tents of the gentleman's foul stomach; I have
dipped my hand in its gall; I have examined
the half-digested fragments that 1 found float-
ing in the gastric juice; but if it is possible for
the peristaltic action of the gentleman from
Illinois to bring up anything more loathsome,
more disgusting than ho has vomited over me
in that letter, in God's name, let it come.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must say to
the gentleman from Minnesota that these re-
marks are out of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, I hope
the party will be permitted to go on by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. DONNELLY. I am glad the gentle-
man is willing that I shall have unanimous
consent to proccod.
Mr. Speaker, these charges are not original.
One of the editors of the St. Paul Press, the
paperinwhich the gentleman's letter appeared,
a man named Driscoll, went to the city of
Philadelphia and played the detective there.
He stayed there for days hunting around to find
something upon which slander could hang her
crooked hands, and became back with bis hands
empty. But that did not suffice. The gen-
tleman's brother, four years ago, contesting
with me the right to a seat in this House, re-
peated these slanders upon the streets of St.
Paul until I was forced to come out in a card
in the public papers of the State, and say that
if they could prove anything against my honor
I would withdraw from the contest for Con-
gress and resign my seat in this body. I had
thought, knowing the source from which these
things spring, that that denial would have
ended the matter. But it seems they are
brought up here again. I shall not stop to
amplify that splendid passage of Shakspeare
which my friend from Iowa [Mr, PmcBj was
compelled the other day to quote against the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne ;]
"Who steals my purse steals trash; 'tis something,
nothing;
'Twasmino, 'tis his, and has been slave to thousands;
But ho that filches trom me my good name
Kobs me of that which naught enriches liim,
And makes me poor indeed.''
Why, Mr. Speaker, the cringing sneak-thief
who picks your pocket or steals your overcoat
is a Christian gentleman compared with that
monster who would rob you of the precious
mantle of your reputation and leave you shiv-
ering before the contempt of the world. The
assassin who strikes you down in your blood
leaves at least your memory sacred among men,
and your grave may be bedewed with the tears
of affection ; but he who would assassinate your
reputation, who would strike at the life of your
character, who would befoul you, who would
cover you all over with night-soil, is a wretch
whom "it were base flattery to call a coward."
Beside such a man the memory of Booth grows
respectable. .
But the gentleman pauses not here. He tells
us that I changed my politics. I am a very
young man, Mr. Speaker. I became a Repub-
lican twelve years ago ; I became a Republican
in that year when the Republican party nom-
inated their first candidate for the Presidency.
I am almost coeval with the birth of the party.
What a vile insinuation is this! It is an insult
to every Democrat who has joined the Repub-
lican ranks; to those hundreds and thousands
of good and true men without whose aid we
could not have triumphed.
I turn to another point. The gentleman
states -
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentle-
man has expired.
Mr. MILLER. I hope the time of the gen-
tleman will be extended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
party will be permitted to go on.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be
permitted to proceed if there be no objection.
No objection was made.
Mr. DONNELLY. I thank this House and
the other " party '' for this courtesy. [Laugh-
ter. ]
It is scarcely worth while, Mr. Speaker,
to notice all the petty chargcs which crawl
over the surface of this letter as vermin crawl
upon the body of a beggar. But in justice to
myself, lest there might be some improper
meaning attached to it, 1 will call attention to
one other personal charge, that 1 have changed
my name. The intention of the gentleman is
to give out not only that I was a fugitive from
justice, but that I traveled under an alias.
Mr. Speaker, I was Igxatius Donnelly within
a very few hours after my birth ; I am Ignatius
Donnelly now; and with God's help I expect
to remain Ignatius Donnelly to the end of my
career. If I should ever be inclined to change
my name it stems to me I would take that of
Eliku. [Great laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
would change it.
Mr. DONNELLY. If I thought the gentle-
man would abandon it it would be an induce-
ment for me to retain it.
What is the meaning of this attack, Mr.
Speaker?—because there must be some mean-
ing to it. There was nothing in my letter to
Mr. Folsom to provoke such a terrible out-
pouring of bile. What is the meaning of it?
Why, it means this. As you know, Mr. Speaker,
the gentleman has for a long time cracked his
whip over the shoulders of the members of this
House. lie has been the natural successor
here of those old slave-lords who used to crack
their whips here.
But his vaulting ambition lias at last over-
leaped itself. Not satisfied to assail us here, to
vituperate us here, he is going to mold the
next_Congress ; and he is going out into our
districts to tell the people of the United States
whom they shall select and whom they shall
not select. Why, my friend from Iowa, [Mr.
Price,] as he tells me, meets in the newspa-
pers of his district the assaults of the gentle-
man here.
He is ranging the whole vast amphitheater.
Why does he do this? Why does he doit, Mr.
Speaker? There is a very simple explanation
which has come out in my district, and which
is one of the great arguments why they should
send to this House the brother of the distin-
guished gentleman. It is that he owns Gen-
eral Grant; that he carries Ulysses Grant in
his breeches' pocket.
hy, sir, the gentleman already feels upon
his shoulders the cares of empire. He is al-
ready forecasting Cabinets, dispensing foreign
missions, setting men up and pulling men down.
We can apply to him the language that Cleo-
patra used ot Mark Antony :
nr ii > i "?n his livery
>t aiK u crowns andcrownets; realms and islands
were
As plates dropp'd from his pocket."
Why, Mr. Speaker, has he not lived in the
same town with General Grant? And should
he not, therefore, perforce, be the Warwick,
the king-maker, the power behind the throne?
1 never could account, Mr. Speaker, for the
singular tact that the gentleman did live in tha
