THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
have nothing more to say further than that I
wish the responsibility of this matter to be
thrown upon the Senate and not to take it, my-
self. I call the attention of the lawyers of the
Senate, who have considered this matter, of
course, more fully than I have, and are b'etter
capable of judging of the import and force of
the bill, to consider it-
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it go over.
Mr. CHANDLER. If there is nothing more
to be said, I ask that it be put on its passage.
It lias been drawn by the Committee on Com-
merce, and has been carefully prepared.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President  
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope it will
be allowed to go over.
Mr. CHANDLER. If it leads to any dis-
cussion I am willing that it shall belaid aside.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is an expression
in this bill which I am satisfied may get the
United States into difficulty, and with a slight
amendment I do not know that I should press
any objection to it. I knew nothing of it until
it was called up on this occasion ; but I can-
not sit still without entering my protest against
its passage. I would rather it should go over.
I should like to look into it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will lie over.
message from the house.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheusox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed without amend-
ment the following bills and joint resolutions
of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 433) authorizing the trustees
of Union Chapel of the Methodist-Episcopal
church in the city of Washington to mortgage
their church property for church purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 54,'!J to provide for a further
issue of temporary loan certificates for the
purpose of redeeming, and retiring the remain-
der of the outstanding compound-interest notes;
A bill (S. No. 509) in addition to an act
passed March 2U, 1804, entitled "An act in
addition to an act entitled ' An act for the
punishment of certain crimes against the Uni-
ted States;' "
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 93) granting
permission to officers and soldiers to wear the
badge of the corps in which they served dur-
ing the rebellion; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) to carry
into effect the resolution approved March 2,
1867, providing for the exchange of certain
public documents.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
it requested the concurrence ot' the Senate ;
A bill (H. ll._No. 1447) granting the right
of way to certain railway companies over the
military reservation at Fort Leavenworth ; and
^ A bill (II. R. No. 1448) making appropria-
tions for certain executive expenses of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1869.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. K. No. 939) to provide for
an American line of mail and emigrant pas-
senger steamships between New York and one
or more European ports.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 1277) to provide
for the distribution of the reward offered by
the President of the United States for the cap-
ture of Jefferson Davis, asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the said bill, and had appointed Mr. W. B.
Washburn of Massachusetts, Mr. A. Blair
of Michigan, and Mr. L. W. Rosa of Illinois,
managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 1096) making
au appropriation of money to carry into effect
the treaty with Russia of March 30, 1807.
KEWAliD FOR JEFFERSON DAVIS'S CAPTURE.
On motion by Mr. HOWE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider its amendments to the bill
(_H. R. No. 1277) to provide for the distribu-
tion of the reward offered by the President of
the United States for the capture of Jefferson
Davis, disagreed to by the House; and
On motion by Mr. HOWE, it was
lietsotved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by tho House and
agree to the conference asked by tho House of llep-
rosentatives on tho disagreeing votes of tho two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That theconferces on the part of tho Sen-
ate bo appointed by tho President ^ro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Howe, Mr. Howard, and Mr. Wilson.
american steam link to kituopjs.
On motion by Mr. POMEROY, the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
bill (li. R. No. 939) to provide for an Ameri-
can line of mail and emigrant passenger steam-
ships between New York and one or more
European ports, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives; and
On motion by Mr. POMEROY, it was
Resolved, That tho Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the ilouso of
^Representatives. and a^reo to the confeionco a&kcd
by the House on tho disagreeing' votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate bo appointed by tho President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Ramsey, Mr. Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, and Mr. oattell.
alexandria canal.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1275.
The motion was agreed to j and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1275) relating to
the Alexandria canal.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with amendments. £he first amendment
was in section one, line three, after the word
a that," to strike out the following words :
The said grant, lease, nnd conveyance be, and tho
same is hereby, sanctioned, ratilicd, and conlirmed:
and the said president and directors of thesaid canal
company are hereby authorised and empowered to
execute any and all other leases, agreements, and
conveyances that may be necessary to render the said
lease valid and etlectual.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WXLLEY. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the committee whether the right of the
lessees to that canal is not now a matter of
litigation before the courts ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will allow the amendments of the committee
to be made, I will then explain the precise
nature of the bill.
Mr. CORBETf. T ask that the bill be read
as amended. That will show how it stands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We have not
got it amended yet.
The Chief Clerk. The first section, as
amended, reads as follows :
That the said aqueduct across the Potomac river
from Georgetown to the Virginia shore, and so con-
necting the said canals, is hereby declared to be a
lawful strueturcin its present position and elevation,
anything m any law or laws of the United States, or
of any State to tho contrary notwithstanding.
The next amendment was in section three,
line four, after the words "to the," to strike
oat the following words:
City of Alexandria, in the State of Virginia, and
to connect with the Orange and Alexandria railroad,
and Alexandria, Loudoun, and Hampshire railroad,
at Alexandria; and it shall be lawful lor the said
leasees, their associates, their successors, to lay out,
build, operate, and maintain thesaid railroad upon
the berme bank of said canal, in whole or in part,
with power and authority to diverge theretrom when
and as often as may be necessary, in order to obtain
the best and most direct route between said aque-
duct and the city of Alexandria: Provided, however,
That said railroad shall not be so laid out, constructed,
or operated, as to impede or interfere with the con-
venient and legitimate use of thesaid canal or aque-
duct as a canal, and for the transportation of persons
and property by water.
And to insert the words "Virginia shore
and there to connect with said railroad;" so
that the section will read :
That it shall be lawful for the said lessees, their
associates and successors, to lay out, construct, main-
tain, and operate a railroad across said bridge from
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, to the Vir-
ginia shore, and there to connect wiih said railroad.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
fourth section, as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it '•hall be
lawful for the said lessees, their associates and suc-
cessors, to transport passengers, freight, and bag-
gage over said railroad, and to collect fare or tolls
for the same: And it is further provided, That in easo
the Alexandria Canal Company shall clect, as by the
terms of said lease they have the right to, to reenter
and repossess the said canal, said company shall also
have the right at the same time to take possession
of the said railroad and bridge, by first paying the
lessees and their successors the actual value ot tho
superadded and superimposed works, to be ascer-
tained by referees to be equally chosen by the presi-
dent and directors of the Alexandria Canal Company
and the lessees and their successors; said referees to
choose an umpire, if one should become necessary,
in order to agree upon such value; but if the said
canal company shall not so elect to reenter and pos-
sess said canal and acquire said railroad and bridge,
then said bridge and railroad, with all its property,
rights, and effects shall bo and remain the pioperty
of the lessees and their associates, with full power to
maintain and uso the same, but they shall repair
and bo liablo for ali damages which may at anytime
be dono to the said canal by said railroad, or which
may be caused by the use of any of the canal prop-
erty for the purposes of the railroad. S«*ul railroad
to bo kept on the same footing as postal roads are
required to be kept.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to state
in a word what this bill is. As it came to the
Senate, it provided for the construction of a
railroad from Georgetown across the river, and
thence by the line of the canal to Alexandria.
As it now stands, it authorizes simply the con-
struction of a railroad across the aqueduct
bridge, which is declared by this bill to be a
legal structure.
In regard to that part of the bill to which the
Senator from West Virginia refers, which was
to make valid a certain lease heretofore exist-
ing between the canal company and the rail-
road company chartered by Virginia, that has
all been ^ stricken out. The committee of thy
Senate did not think it worth while for the Con-
gress of the United States to say anything at
all about contracts or leases or anything else
between other parties; but preferred to leave
it to law.
The next provision in the bill is that these
parties shall be authorized to make a toll-bridge.
First, we authorize them to extend a railroad
across that bridge, and connect with a railroad
which they say they have a right to build under
the lawsot Virginia from Georgetown to Alex-
andria. That is the extent of that. The next
proposition is that they are authorized to make
a toll-bridge in connection with this, under such
restrictions as the engineer department may
determine, in other words, to the acceptance
ol the engineer department in the way of secur-
ity and saiety to travel, and authorized to take
toll upon it. That is the entire bill as it comes
from the committee on the part of the Senate.
We did not think it worth while to authorize
them to build a bridge fiom the opposite side
ot the river to Alexandria. They say they have
got that power from the State of Virginia,
i t1C n y have or not, it is not perhaps the
duty oi Congress or the interest of Congress to
inquire; but we give them substantially what
they want: first, to extend the railroad across
the bridge, and second, to build a toll-bridge.
1 hat is the whole of it
Mr. CAMEUON. There is a great deal
moie in this bill than the Senator from Maine
seems to understand. I am a little surprised
that he does not see it, because I tried to ex-
plain it to lam the other day.
1 lie city of Washington, different from all
S t0WUS,? Uuited States aud i* tbe
...7 isolated from a general railroad con-
now W Th par.tIC"lar connection which it
-r4e 13one railroad coming
ow -nto this city._ \\ uh that you can have no
connection at allii you go in any direction but
