294
Constitution of the United States. I doubt
even—audi submit that to the consideration of
Senators, I respectfully submit it as a doubt,
and one well worthy of your consideration—
whether the Congress of the United States,
within the meaning of the American Constitu-
tion, has a right to create a new crime, a new
misdemeanor, something that was not known
as a crime or as a misdemeanor at the date of
the adoption of the Constitution?
I think it is a matter of great doubt, to say
the least of it; and in entertaining this opinion
I at least am warranted by the doubts which
have been thrown on the subject by some of
the ablest text-writers upon the American Con-
stitution. It is, Mr. Chief J ustice, upon this and
upon kindred questions—no matter whether the
views I have presented are right or wrong—
that I submit that we have the right respect-
fully to demand at the hands of your Honor a
judicial exposition of the meaning of the Con-
stitution. it will, as I said before, be for you,
sir, under your sense of duty, under your own
construction of the powers that are conferred
upon you by the Constitution of our common
country—it will be for you, in the discharge
of your duty, to decide for yourself whether
this respectful request will be answered or not.
Mr. YATES. If the gentleman does not
desire to finish his speech to-night, I will move
that the Senate, sitting for this trial, adjourn.
Mr. NELSON. It is my business and duty,
of course, to be governed and controlled alto-
gether by the pleasure of the Senate. I am
free to say that I feel somewhat fatigued, and
I would be much obliged to the Senate, if it
would not interfere with their duties, for an
adjournment at this time ; but if they do not
choose to do so I will go on. It is my wish to
conform exactly to the will of the Senate,
whatever it may be.
Mr. YATES. I submit the motion.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Illinois moves that the Senate, sitting as a court
of impeachment, adjourn until to-morrow at
eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate, sitting for the trial of the impeachment,
adjourned.
SUPPLEMENT TO
Friday, April18i!8.
The Chief Justice of the Uniled States took
the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives and the
counsel for the respondent, except Mr. Stan-
bery, appeared and took the seats assigned to
(hem respectively.
The members of the House of Representa-
tives, as in Committee of the Whole, preceded
by Mr. E. li. Washeurxh, chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
atid Clerk, appeared, and were conducted to
the seats provided for them.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the Journal of yesterday's proceedings.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings of
the Senate, sitting for the trial of the impeach-
ment, was read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The first business
this morning is the order proposed by the Sen-
ator fiom Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] changing the
hour of meeting. The Clerk will read the
order.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
OrtjctThat hereafter the hour for the meeting
of t he Sen atr\ fitting tor tho trial of the impeachment
of Andrew J ohnson, President of the United States,
shall be twelve o'clock meridian of cach day except
Sunday.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I ask for tho
yeas and nays upon that.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Mefsis. Anthony, Davis, Doolittle, Ferry,
Fessenden, i'owler, Grimes Hendricks, Johnson, AIu-
Oreery,Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Patter-
son ot Tennessee, Kaiasey.Saulsbuiy, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Viekers, Willey, and Yatea—1!1.
NAYS - al;v:lv. Oonkimg, Couness, Cragin, Ed-
munds, Harlan, Howe, Pomeroy, Sprague, Stewart
Sumner. Thayer, Tipton, and "Wilson—13.
NOT VOTING.—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cam-
eron. Cattell, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Dixon, Drake,
Frelinghuysen, Henderson, Howard, Morrill of
Maine. Morton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Boss, Sherman, Wade, and Williams—20.
So the order was adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I offer
the following order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The ordcr_ pro-
posed by the Senator from Vermont will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That after the arguments shall be con-
cluded, and when the doors shall be closed for delib-
eration upon the final question the official reporters
ol'the Senate shall take down the debates upon the
final question, to be reported in the proceedings.
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The order will lie
over if objected to. Mr. Nelson, of counsel
for the respondent, will please proceed.
Mr. NELSON. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, in the progress of my remarks yesterday
I alluded to certain opinions expressed by one
of the honorable Managers [Mr. Wilson] in
a, report to which his name is affixed made to
the House of Representatives. Lest any misun-
derstanding should arise from that reference
I desire to state that while I shall read a part
of the report—that portion of it which I adopt
as my argument—I do not consider that there
is any inconsistency in the position which the
honorable Manager assumed in his report to
the House of Representatives and the position
which ho has assumed here in argument. If I
correctly understand the honorable Manager's
position, while he insists, as I insist in this case,
that you are to look to the common law, and
not merely to tho law of Parliament, in order
to ascertain the meaning of the words "crimes
and misdemeanors'' in the Constitution, yet
ho insists that it is competent for Congress to
create a crime or misdemeanor under the Con-
stitution by legislation, and that such crime or
misdemeanor is an impeachable offense. I
hope neither that honorable gentleman nor the
Senate will misunderstand me with this ex-
planation when I call attention only to those
parts of the argument, contained in his report
which 1 rely upon, and because the definitions
which he gives are in more appropriate lan-
guage than any which I can furnish. In his
report, at page 60, he says:
" As was very pertinently remarked by Ilopkinson
on the trial of Chase, 'Tho power of impeachment
is with the llonse of Representative?, but only for
impeachable otlenses. They are to proened against
tho ott'ense, but not to create tho offense, and make
any net criminal and impeachable at their will and
pleasure. What is an offense is a question to be de-
cided by tho Constitution and tho law, not by tho
opinion of a single branch of the Legislature, and
when the offense thus described by the Constitution
or the law has been committed then, and not till
then, has the House of Representatives power to im-
peach the offender.'''
The honorable Manager proceeds:
"A civil officer mavbo impeached for a high crime.
What is a crime? It is sueh a violation of some
known law as will render the oifender liable to be
prosceuted and punished. 'Though all willful vio-
lations of rights come under tho generic name of
wiongs, only ccrtain of those made penal arc called
crimes.
In another passage he says:
"All that has been saidliereiu concerning the term
'crimes' may be applied with equal forco to tho term
'misdemeanors,' as used in the Constitution. The
latter term in nowise extends the jurisdiction of the
House of Representatives beyond the range of in-
dictable offenses. Indeed, the terms 'crime' and
'misdemeanor' are, in their general sense, synony-
mous, both being_ sueh violations of law as expose
the persons committing them to some prescribed pun-
ishment; and, although it cannot be claimed that
all crimes are misdemeanors, it maybe properly said
that all misdemeanors are crimes."
Adopting that definition of the honorable
Manager, [Mr. Wtilsox,] the point which I
endeavor to make in argument is, that the defi-
nition given by the honorable Manager who
opened the argument, [Mr. Bctler] is not a
correct definition. That opening, as the Sen-
ate will remember, is accompanied by a very
carefully prepared and elaborate argument on
the part of Mr. Lawmnch, who agrees in the
following definition given by the honorable
Manager:
" We define, therefore, an impeachable high crime
or misdemeanor to be one in its nature or conse-
quences subversive of some fundamental or essential
principle of government, or highly prejudicial to the
public interest, and this may consist of a violation
of tho Constitution, of law, of an official oath, or of
duty, by an act committed or omitted, or, without
violating a positive law, by the abuse of discretionary
powers from improper motives or for any improper
purpose,"
If you go to the law of Parliament for a defi-
nition of "treason, bribery, or other crimes
and misdemeanors," as I have already said, you
will not find it. If you go to the law of Par-
liament for the purpose of ascertaining what is
an impeachable offense, then you go to a law
which is not in force in our country at all.
Every species of offense which the Parliament
chose to treat as such, whether it was declared
by statute or not, was the subject-matter of im-
peachment by the Commons before the House
of Lords. Their frame of government is dif-
ferent from ours. Persons were tried in Eng-
land for very slight and very trivial offenses,
and very severe punishments were inflicted in
various instances in the progress of English
history upon the persons who were supposed
to have been guilty of offenses. This process
of impeachment is such that we have no very
accurate account of it in history, so far as I have
been able to examine the authorities upon the
subject. It is true, as the gentleman said, that
nearly five hundred years ago the subject was
introduced in the English Parliament, and that
they considered it there and claimed that the
House of Lords had jurisdiction over it in
consequence of the law of Parliament; but
how that law of Parliament arose, whence it
originated, neither the IIuu.se of Lordsnor Mr.
Burke in his elaborate report and argument in
the House of Commons undertook to state. It
arose from what they assumed to be usage;
and if you go to the parliamentary law in order
to determine that usage in this country, then
you will be obliged to punish anything as an
offense that might be said of any person or of
any authority whatever. In Stephen's History
of the English Constitution, page 347, he says
that—
"The revival of impeachment is a remarkable
event in our constitutional annals. Tho earliest iu-
staaice of parliamentary linpeachnientor of a solemn
accusation of any individual by the Commons at the
bar of the Lords was that of Lord Latimer, in tho
year loTG."
Which, as I understood the honorable Man-
ager's argument, is the period to which he
refers.
"The latest hitherto was that of tho Duke of Suf-
folk, m 114!)."
And, as the honorable Manager told the Sen-
ate, he states tliat this practice of impeachment
had for a long time given way to attainder. In
the same work Mr. Stephen comments on
Floyd's case as a proof of " the disregard which
popular assemblies entertain for principles of
justice when satiating their reckless appetites
for revenge." He says, in describing Floyd's
case, "that a few words spoken as to being
pleased with tho misfortunes of the Elector
Palatine and his wife" were the offense which
he had committed; and the punishment that
was inflicted upon him was to ride from the
Fleet to Clieapside without a saddle and hold-
ing by the horse's tail, two hours in the pillory,
to be branded with the letter K ill the forehead,
another ride and pillory to be taken in four
days, with the words on a paper in his hat
showing his offense ; that he was to be whipped
at the cart's tail from the Fleet to Westminster
Hall; that a fine of £5,000 and imprisonment
for life at Newgate were imposed upon hiin.
If there be anything in the argument that
you are to look to the parliamentary law for
the definition of the phrase " high crimes and
misdemeanors," and for the definition of im-
peachable offenses, then an offense such as
was attributed to him, or an offense such as was
attributed to other parties afterwards who were
tried for making speculations in the public
revenue, would be the subject-matter of im-
peachment in this country ; but, us I maintain,
