3376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire now to ask the
House to proceed to the consideration of the
tax bill.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me to ask the House to take
up a Senate bill from the Speaker's table and
put it upon its passage.
Mr. SCHENCK. If it will not require a
division of the House or consume time I will
do so.
Mr. HIGBY. If it does I will not press it.
If the bill is not passed before the 1st of July
it will be of no consequence.
Mr. SCHENCK. What bill is it?
Mr. HIGBY. It is a bill to extend a rail-
road grant to the State of California.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know that bill will
occasion a division.
Mr. HIGBY. I think not. The chairman
of the Committee on the Public Lands simply
wishes to move an amendment which I am
willing to accept.
Mr._ SCHENCK. There will be no diffi-
culty in passing it before the 1st of July if the
gentleman will aid us in pushing the tax bill
through.
Mr. HIGBY. It will be put off from day
to day until it is too late.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is a matter about which
there will certainly be a division of the House.
Mr. HIGBY. It will not take five minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield now to my col-
league on the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Allison,] who desires to correct the
Journal.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. ALLISON. On the final vote on Mon-
day last on the resolution of the gentleman
Irom Indiana, [Mr. Shanks,] in regard to the
tax bill, I voted in the negative. On examin-
ing the record I find that my name is not
recorded. I ask that the Journal be corrected.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be cor-
rected accordingly.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield now for a moment
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.PAiNE.]
ADDITIONAL BOUNTIES.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to have a correction
made in a resolution which passed the House
on Monday last. Every member of the House
has an interest in the correction. I under-
stand that the resolution has been so construed
at the pay department as to necessitate a con-
siderable delay in the payment of bounties. I
did not intend it to have any construction such
as has been put upon it. I do not know now
how they have construed it; but I learn from
a gentleman who has been up there that they
have so construed it as to occasion great delay
in the payment of bounties. I therefore ask
unanimous conscnt to offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the resolution adopted on the 15th
instant, calling upon the Secretary of War for inform-
ation respecting the payment of additional bounties,
be, and it hereby is, so moditied as to require only a
statement of the aggregate number paid since Janu-
ary 1, 18(58.
There was no objection ; and the resolution
was considered and agreed to.
sale op damaged ordnance.
Mr. SCHENCK resumed the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman give
way to me to report a resolution?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes; if it will not con-
sume time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask leave to report
back from the Committee on Military Affairs
a joint resolution directing the Secretary of
War to sell damaged or unserviceable arms,
ordnance, and ordnance stores.
Mr. BLAINE. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1' hope the gentleman
will withdraw his objection. The committee
unanimously recommend the passage of the
resolution; and it is very important; it will
put money in the Treasury.
Mr. BLAINE. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. BROOKS. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. That is in the nature of
an objection, and the joint resolution is not
before the House.
AMERICAN SHARPSHOOTERS.
Mr. SCHENCK. While gentlemen are ask-
ing to make corrections, I am directed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to ask for one.
We reported a little bill authorizing the Ger-
mans to import a number of medals and other
prizes presented to them, to be shot for at the
great festival to which your committee is to go
in New York. In transcribing the bill the
assistant clerk—not the regular clerk of the
Committee of Ways and Means, but an assist-
ant who was volunteering for us—made a mis-
take and put it that they should not exceed in
value $1,000, whereas it was distinctly written
$10,000. The bill has passed both the House
and the Senate, and I am told that the Presi-
dent will sign another bill, which has the cor-
rect amount, instead of the first bill, if the
House will only pass it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair remembers
that it was distinctly stated to the House by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Scuenck]
that the sum was $10,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. All the records will show
that. I ask unanimous consent to introduce
for consideration at this time, a joint resolu-
tion to remit the duties on $10,000 worth of
these articles.
No objection was made ; and accordingly a
joint resolution (II. R. No. 306) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to remit the
duties on certain articles contributed to the
National Association of American Sharpshoot-
ers, was introduced, and read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALE OF DAMAGED ORDNANCE.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw my objection
to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
reporting from the Committee on Military
Affairs the joint resolution in relation to the
sale of damaged ordnance.
No further objection being made,
Mr. GARFIELD reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 292) directing the Secretary of
War to sell damaged or unserviceable arms,
ordnance, and ordnance stores, with a recom-
mendation that the some do pass.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the Secretary of War to cause to be sold, in
such manner and at such times and places, at
public or private sale, as he may deem most
advantageous to the public interest, the old
cannon, arms and other ordnance stores in
possession of the War Department, which are
damaged or otherwise unsuitable for the Uni-
ted States military service, or for the militia of
the United States, and to cause the net pro-
ceeds of such sales, after paying the proper
expenses of sale and of transportation to the
place of sale to be deposited in the Treasury
of the United States.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Is not that rather an
unwise proposition, to allow these stores to be
sold at either public or private sale ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I have information from
the War Department that they have been
offered more at private sale for small lots of
these articles than they could possibly get
offered at public sale, and they specially rec-
ommend that the power to dispose of these
articles at private sale be given to the Depart-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know that to be the case.
Mr. VAN WYCK. That will probably be
so until the Secretary of War has power to sell
at private sale, and then those gentlemen will
manipulate to secure the articles for very little.
I would much prefer that the Secretary of
War be required to expose these articles at
public sale.
Mr. SCHENCK. That has already been
done.
M. GARFIELD. That has been done again
and again. And many of these articles have
been withdrawn from public sale because there
have been no bidders. The following letter
from the chief of ordnance will explain the
matter fully:
Ordnance Office, War Department,
Washington, April 1,1868.
Sik: I have the honor to acknowledge the refer-
ence to this bureau for report of the letter of the
Hon. li. (J. Schenck of the 18th ultimo, in relation
to tho execution of the joint resolution of Congress
reducing the expenses of the War Department by
concentrating the business of the different bureaus
of the Army now scattered in and around New York
city, and requesting thatthe chief of ordnance might
be directed to report in regard to the collection of
salable cannon, arms, ammunition, and other sur-
plus ordnance stores at a common point for such dis-
position of them as the Secretary of War may have
directed, or may hereafter dircet to be made, and
what room would be needed lor the storage of such
articles; and beg leave to submit the following re-
port:
The arms of foreign manufacture and obsolete pat-
terns, with the ammunition for the same, and the
cannon of caliber and models which have become
obsolete, and are no longer required for arming the
forts, or for the field service, and all other surplus
ordnance stores which are unsuitable for our mili-
tary service, should be sold whenever prices can be
obtained ; and as several attempts to sell arms and
other condemned stores by public auction at the
arsenals have been unsuccessful, (more than two
hundred thousand stands of arms out of an aggregate
of tlireo hundred and seventy thousand advertised
and offered at auction having been withdrawn either
because no bids could be obtained en fair prices
offered,) I am decidedly of opinion that tho sales of
arms and other ordnance stores should not, as a gen-
eral rule, be by public auction.
The average prices obtained for arms at private
sale have beon nearly double that obtained by public
auction lor similar arms.
If the policy of selling tho surplus arms and other
orduanee stores at private sale, and when fairprices
can be obtained, should be adopted, it will, in my
opinion, be for tho interest of the Government to
collect tho arms, ammunition, and other surplus
ordnance stores, not including cannon, at or in the
vicinity of Now York city, which is the only great
market for those articles, to be there classified, ar-
ranged, and held in readiness for sale.
There aro a million of arms of foreign manufac-
ture and irregular and obsolete patterns, and sixty
million cartridges for thesame, besides alarge quan-
tity of leather-work—aceouterroents, horse equip-
ments, artillery harness, &c„ which have been in ser-
vice and should be sold, but which are worth more
than tile scra.p value of the materials—which may be
advantageously disposed of in the manner herein
recommended.
Should it be decided to collect this property at
New York city not less than a million and a half
cubic feet will be required for its proper storage.
The views expressed in the accompanying report
of Brevet^Colonel Crispin, the agent of this depart-
ment at New York, to whom the letter of Hon. R. C.
Kciiknck was referred, are concurred in and adopted
by this bureau.
Tho letter of Hon. R. C. Schenck is herewith
returned.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. B. DYER,
Brevet Major General, Chief of Ordnance,
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Will the gentleman con-
sent to amend the joint resolution bo as to
require the Secretary of War to first offer
these articles at public sale on thirty days'
notice ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Very well; I will con-
sent to that amendment.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Then I move to amend
as I have indicated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time ; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA AND OREGON RAILROAD.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the bill concerning
