1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
837?
•which the gentleman from California [Mr.
Higby] appears to be so anxious can be dis-
posed of without a division of the House I will
consent to its being considered at this time.
Mr. HIGBY. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands [Mr. Julian] and
the chairman of the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad [Mr. Price] have both examined it,
and they do not object to it if the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] can be allowed to
offer a small amendment, to which I will not
object.
Wo objection being made,
A bill (S. No. 216) to amend an act entitled
"An act to grant land to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Central Pacific railroad, in California, to Port-
land, in Oregon," was taken from the Speak-
er's table and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that sec-
tion six of the act entitled " An act to grant
land to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Central Pacific railroad,
in California, to Portland, in Oregon/'approved
July 25, 1866, shall be so amended as to pro-
vide that, instead of the time now fixed in said
section, the first section of twenty miles of said
railroad and telegraph line shall be completed
within two years after the passage of this act,
and at least twenty miles in each three years
thereafter, and the whole on or before the 1st
of July, 1880.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to amend the bill
by striking out "two years" and inserting
"eighteen months;" also by striking out
" three years" and inserting " two years."
Mr. HIGBY. 1 have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
hear admiral charles wilkes.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1309) for
the relief of Charles Wilkes, rear admiral of
the Navy; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
expenses of indian peace commission.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to transmit to this House copies of all
vouchers on file with the accounting officers for ex-
penditures made by authority of the Pcace Com-
mission so called, under the act to make peace with
certain hostile Indian tribes, approved July 20,1867.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
persons under military sentence.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution :
Itexohed. That the Secretary of War be directed
to inform this House the names of all persons now
under sentence by military commissions, courts, or
authority at Dry Tortugus, together with the natuie
of the crimes charged and the torn of sentence and
the unexpired time now remaining. Also the same
information with reference to all persons imprisoned
at Atlanta, Georgia, where it is reported some
twenty persons are confined in military dungeons.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object.
pacific railroad.
Mr. PRICE. I ask unanimous consent^to
take up and pass Senate joint resolution N o.
137, extending the time for the completion of
the Pacific railroad. It is similar to the one
called up by the gentleman from California.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
captain d. w. m'docgal.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 307) ten-
40th Oonxj. 2d Sess.—No. 212.
dering a vote of thanks to Captain D. W.
McDougal; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
leave of absence.
Mr. Glossbrenner, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave of absence for ten days.
laws of utah.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the acts, resolutions, and
memorials of the Legislative Assembly of U tah;
which were referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
internal tax bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will read in the
presence of the House the resolution which
now operates in regard to the tax bill. It was
adopted on the loth of June:
"Resolved, That after the report of the tax bill by
the Committee of Ways and Means in pursuance of
the order just passed, no other business shall be in
order but the consideration of the bill so reported by
said committee, except reports from the Committee
on Enrolled ^|lls."
As the House sees, that rescinds the morn-
ing hour every day and excludes every other
business but reports from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills. Every morning the demand
for the regular order of business will put the
House in Committee of the Whole on the tax
bill, as was the case during the trial of the
President, when the House, under its own
order, each day at a certain hour resolved
itself into the Committee of the Whole and
proceeded to the bar of the Senate.
This resolution only excepts the reports of
the Committee on Enrolled Bills. There are
two cases beside, arising under the Constitution
of the United States, which the House cannot
exclude. One is a veto of the President of
the United States. The Constitution says that,
the House shall " enter his objections at large
on their Journal and proceed to reconsider it."
That is an imperative mandate of the Consti-
tution that the House shall proceed to recon-
sider the question on the passage of the bill,
and although a majority of the House may
postpone its consideration, still the question
must come up when the Speaker lays a Pres-
ident's veto message before the House.
The other case is where a member claims
the right to be sworn in from any State in regard
to which there has been recent legislation. The
question may be referred to a committee; it
may be postponed, but it must come before
the House.
The Chair has stated these two exceptions.
All other business, save these two and the
reports from the Committee on Enrolled Bills,
will be superseded by the tax bill until it is
disposed of.
Mr. PRUY"N. How about messages from
the Senate ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair intended to
refer to those first. Of course they will always
be received.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Suppose a resolution is
brought in to impeach the President?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule upon
that when it is presented. It is not now pend-
ing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not know, it may
not come up from the committee now holding
a post mortem examination of the preceding
impeachment.
Mr. GARFIELD. Can business be done
by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. It can, but a demand
for the regular order of business will be an
objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before going into the
Committee of the Whole I move that the hrst
reading of the bill for information, as it is j
printed, be dispensed with. I
The motion was agreed to. i
Mr. ROBINSON. I wish to ask the Speaker |
when it will be in order to move a substitute j
for the bill covering only the points desired by i
the House so we may be able to get away from
here in reasonable time ?
_ The SPEAKER. It will be in order at any
time, hut must be reserved until the committee
has gone through with the pending bill. As it
is a substitute for the bill, under the parlia-
mentary law the original bill must first be per-
fected before the substitute can be acted upon.
Mr. ROBINSON. I would like to have the
privilege of offering this sometime before the
bill is perfected. The House may be three
weeks in considering the long bill reported by
the committee. It will never pass as reported,
I apprehend. .
_ The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have
an opportunity to offer his substitute at the
proper time in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ROBINSON. May I ask to have it
read ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; it can be offered
in Committee of the Whole at any time. I now
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not yet been
referred to the Committee of the Whole. It is
yet in the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that it be referred
to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why not consider
it in the House as in Committee of th'e Whole?
The SPEAKER. Experience has proved
that a bill of this kind can be proceeded with
more rapidly in Committee of the Whole than
in the House, where the yeas and nays can be
called on every proposition.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to recommit the
bill. I presume that would take precedence
of the motion to refer.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciiencic] still has the floor.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to state that I
withdraw my objection to the introduction of the
resolution offered a little while ago by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode.]
Mr. INGERSOLL and others called for the
regular order.
Mr. SCHENCK. As the regular order ia
insisted upon, of course the resolution of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania cannot be con-
sidered. I renew the motion to refer the bill
to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to recommit it
with instructions to report the substitute I
have indicated. I believe I made the motion
to recommit after the gentlemau from Ohio
had surrendered the floor.
The SPEAKER. In the first place the gen-
tleman is mistaken in the fact that the gentle-
man from Ohio had resumed his seat. In the
second place the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee of the Whole has priority over the
motion to refer to a standing committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question on the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. ROBINSON. I will not press my mo?
tion further. I wanted to save time.
The previous question was seconded ; and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was referred to the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that when the
House shall resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the internal tax bill all gen-
eral debate terminate within say one hour.
Mr. MUNGEN. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The motion of Mr. Schenck was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the State of
the Union, and proceed to the consideration
of the internal tax bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Louse
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the State of the Union, (Mr.
Blaine in the chair,) and proceeded <to the
consideration of the special order, being the
