1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4401
one from Washington. Men going north, men
going up to where the Senator from Michigan
lives, taking the direct route, are compelled to
stay three hours in Baltimore every time they
pass through, and pay toll to that city besides
the detention. This scheme is, I fear, a trick
to control the southern side of the District of
"Columbia as the northern side is now con-
trolled. A few gentlemen have got up this
measure who do not intend, as I am told, to
use it at all; but they got it up on a specula-
tion, expecting to sell it to a corporation who
have bound you here and put a gate on the
northern side of the city, so as to enable them
to put a gate on the other side of this city.
Within a year there will be another railroad
coming into this city; and I desire that that
railroad and every other railroad that may be
built towards this city, either north or south,
shall have a right to connect with all other
railroads throughout the United Stales as every
other railroad in the United States has. This
bill, after we shall have passed it, will be in a
condition to be sold at a handsome premium
to this Baltimore corporation on the northern
side of us, and then they will make such terms
as they please unless such an amendment as I
shall offer should be adopted.
Why, sir, two years ago a bill passed Con-
gress legalizing the coming into the District of
Columbia of a railroad which had been author-
ized by the State of Maryland twenty years
before. A few persons about the Senate got
control of that charter, without intending to
put a dollar in it, and the men who are now
making that road had to pay them, as I am
informed, for the legislation that they got here
to enable them to get a charter. 1 have no
evidence of it, but 1 fear and believe that this
will be another such trick as that, and therefore
I shall oiler an amendment which I have in my
hand. If that should be adopted I shall have
no objection to the bill, because it authorizes
every road to connect with this one, and pre-
vents it from selling out to any corporation
which will not check baggage and commute
fares with all other railroads coming in and
going out of the city.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senatorf'roin Pennsylvania will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert as an additional section the
following :
Andbeitfurther enacted, That any rail road company
which shall at any time hereafter construct a railway
to the District of Columbia, or any part thereof, or
desiie to do so, shall be at liberty to connect the
same with, and uso and pass over with its engines
and cars, the rail road and bridere hereby authorized ;
and tnat it shall be the duty of said lessees and as-
signs, and of the a^iid canal company and its assigns,
and every other party then operating the road and
using the bridge hereby authorized, to commute fares
and check baggage over any railroad which may
hereafter be constructed as aforesaid and all connec-
tions thereot. and at all points to which such com-
mutation and checking shall be desired by the said
railroad company so constructing a raihoadasafore-
said: J'rovided, That the price to bo charged for
such use of said railroad and bridge, and the terms
and regulations for said commutation of fares and
checking of baggage shall be fixed and determined
by referees to be equally chosen by the party then
operating said railroad and using said bridge, and
the party desiring the use of the same, and the com-
mutation and checking aforesaid: said referees to
choose an umpire, if one should become necessary
in order to agree upon such price, terms, and regu-
lations: Provided jut tho , howevei, Thatno railroad
company whatever shall be permitted to use the
railroad or bridge hereby authorized, or in any man-
ner connect therewith, or bo entitled to any ot the
provisions of this section, which refuses to commute
fares or cheek baggage over its own line of railroad
and any other lineot railroad which enters the States
of Maryland or Virginia, whose company icquests
such commutation of fares ajid eh ecki tux of baggage,
and is willing that tho terms and icgulations tbeie-
for shall bo tixed and determined by relerces in the
manner hereinbefore fully detailed.
Mr. SHER-UAN. Ordinarily I would favor
the passage of this bill as reported from the
Committee of Commerce, because I am in favor
of increasing to the last degree every medium
of communication between the States and the
people of the States; but my own deliberate
judgment is that this bill will be made the
medium of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad to
perfect and extend their monopoly. That rail-
40tii Cong, 2d Sess.—So, 27R.
road is built under the laws of the State of
Maryland, and controls the legislation of Mary-
land ; so that it is impossible now to build a
railroad from any part of the great West or
from the North to the city of Washington with-
out the consent of the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road. They not only hold this monopoly, but
they refuse to make connections with other
railroads connecting at Baltimore. There is
not the like of it in the United States of Amer-
ica, and we ought to guard against any exten-
sion of this monopoly. The Baltimore and
Ohio railroad now depends upon the State of
Virginia for legislation to get through Virginia.
They avail themselves of the liberal policy of
Ohio to make connections in Ohio in every
direction, and we favor those connections; but
they pursue such a course in regard to rail-
roads in Maryland as substantially to separate
the city of Washington from all the United
States; and this city cannot now be approached
by railroad except with the consent of the Bal-
timore and Ohio railroad.
I have almost every year called attention to
a most remarkable thing in connection with
this Baltimore and Ohio railroad. A road has
been built from the State of Pennsylvania to
Baltimore which the people of the Northwest
naturally take. We cannot take the Baltimore
and Ohio road and get to our homes. We must
go over the Northern Central railroad connect-
ing with the Pennsylvania road ; and yet this
Baltimore and Ohio railroad refuses to make
connections with the Northern Central; so that
I myself have had several times to go over to
Baltimore, with my family, to get through the
city of Baltimore, and see that baggage was
checked and taken care of, and then come
back here again. They refuse to make these
connections. I, for one, never intend to
allow a bill to be passed here that will enable
them still further to control the monopoly over
trade North or South until that railroad does
what every other railroad in the United States
is now required to do.
I know that such is not the purpose of the Com-
mittee on Commerce; but look at the effect
of this bill. Here is but one bridge across the
Potomac river in or near Washington. The
long bridge I look upon as substantially an
effete structure which ought to be abandoned,
and no doubt will be abandoned in time, unless
great improvements are made in it. The only
way to cross the Potomac is at the heights at
Georgetown. Now, suppose the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad should get possession of this
bridge—the aqueduct bridge, as it is known—
and get a toll over that bridge, and construct
a line over that bridge, then they have the
monopoly of the approach from the South as
well as from the North.
I hope that at the next session of Congress,
when we shall be freed from political contro-
versies, we shall take up this whole railroad
question, and provide means of connection
from the capital to all parts of the country, and
then this bridge may be vital to the new rail-
roads we may construct under the authority of
Congress and with the consent of the States.
But, sir, until that is done, I do not wish to
pass a law to enable the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad, by purchasing the franchise granted
in this bill, to control the monopoly of the
trade to the South.
There is a great deal of feeling in regard to
this matter in the West. It is a thing that we ,
have submitted to ; we have complained against
it; but we are utterly powerless unless Con-
gress should grant us some relief by compel-
ling this railroad to conform to the ordinary
usages of other railroads, and to do what has !
been done in other places. As long as that
railroad controls the Legislature of Maryland j
and the legislation of Maryland, so that no road j
can be built over the soil of Maryland except j
with the assent of the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road, they will extend their monopoly. They:
will buy up unquestionably the power conferred j
by this very bill, plausible as it appears on its !
face, and they will have the control of the south- ;
ern extension just as they now have of the i
northern extension. If this road from here to
Alexandria gets in the power of the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad company they will have then
the monopoly of every approach to Washing-
ton. There is no authority now under exist-
ing law to make any railroads here or any
bridge.
I do not say that it is the purpose of the Com-
mittee on Commerce—I know it is not their
purpose—to favor the Baltimore «nd Ohio Rail-
road Company in this way; but I very much
fear they will avail themselves of it, and then
do what the Committee on Commerce do not
desire them to do. The Committee on Com-
merce undoubtedly desire to promote commu-
nication between the several States. If this
bill goes over until next winter I shall be very
willing to vote for a proposition that will author-
ize any railroad company to build a railroad
bridge on the foundations of the aqueduct
bridge, and to make that a free mode of com-
munication connecting with all railroads that
may be built to or from Washington. Then, I
think, it will accomplish a very good purpose,
and will promote communication between the
States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Having stated the
objects of this bill and its scope to the Senate,
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania feels
himself authorized to tell the Senate that the
committee do not understand the effect of this
measure. What has he discovered here, what
has anybody discovered here to alarm the Sen-
ate? The Baltimore and Ohio railroad are
going to take possession of Congress! Well,
sir, 1 am not conscious of it; I have never seen
their power here, and do not know anything
about it. Sir, that is the biggest bugaboo in the
world to apply to such a measure as this. What
is this bill? Three quarters of a century ago
Congress authorized a canal between here and
Alexandria. Since that time the State of
Virginia has authorized a railroad alongside
of it up to the southern shore of the Potomac.
Now, gentlemen who say they are lessees of
that road, and have succeeded to the rights Of
the Government in the canal, and the rights of
the Legislature of Virginia in the road, want to
extend the railroad across a bridge that is
already authorized by an act of Congress, and
to have it declared a lawful structure. That
is all. And the Senator from Pennsylvania
rises here and arraigns a committee of the
body for not understanding that there is some
extraordinary thing about to be done. How?
A great monopoly is going to get possession
of it. How, sir? Tell us how, if you know.
Mr. CAMERON. I will tell you after a
while.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. IfthcSenatorhas
examined it and understands it, and think the
committee do not, why not tell us what it is,
and not undertake to frighten the Senate from
its propriety by holding up a monopoly.
Now, let us come back a moment to this
question. You are about to say that persons
who have succeeded to certain rights under
this Government, and under the government
of Virginia, shall have a right to run a rail-
road across a bridge already built by your au-
thority from the Georgetown side to the other
side of the river. My honorable friend from
Pennsylvania says if you do that this great
monopoly will get possession of it, and will
shut up the gates of the South, and nobody
can open the gates but that road. Will the
Senator from Pennsylvania, or the Senator
from Ohio, or any other Senator, tell me how
they are to do that? Look at this bill. Is
there any right of connection with this road?
Does this bill give the Baltimore and Ohio road
or any other road any right to connect with it
whatever ? Not a bit of it. Is there any law-
yer here or anywhere who will say that tliey
have such right unless it is given ? Of course
not. There is not the slightest right under
heaven to connect with it. That is the answer
to that, and the whole of it. Whenever these
people choose to come here and ask for the
right to connect, then the honorable Senator
will be right in saying "I object to this road
