1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
same town with General Grant exccpt by refer-
ence to that great doctrine of compensation
which runs throughout the created world. The
town of Galena having for go many years en-
dured the gentleman, God Almighty felt that
nothing less than Ulysses S. Grant could bal-
ance the account. [Laughter.] Josh Billings
beautifully illustrates this doctrine of compen-
sation when he says that it is a question whether
the satisfaction of scratching will not pay a man
for the pain of having" the itch. [Laughter.]
I leave the gentleman's constituents to apply
the parable.
Mr. Speaker, I bow humbly before the genius
of Ulysses S. Grant. 1 recognize him as the
greatest, broadest, wisest intellect of this gen-
eration. I cannot believe that he will degen-
erate into a puppet to be pulled by wires held
in the hands of the gentleman from Illinois ;
that he will degenerate into a kind of hand-
organ to be toted around on the back of the
gentleman from Illinois while his whole family
sit on top of the machine grinning and catching
pennies like a troop of monkeys. [Laughter.]
I may mention here, as a friend suggests it to
me, that I do not now allude to gentlemen of
the same name who are fortunate enough not
to be related to the gentleman by ties of con-
sanguinity. [Laughter.] But if it wore in my
power to whisper anything in the way of advice
into the ear of Ulysses S. Grant I would tell him
to take counsel from that profound remark of
Amiuadab Sleek when he said, "You all expect
to get into heaven by hanging on to my coat
tail; but I will fool you all. I will wear a
monkey jacket."
Why, sir, we had General Grant up in Min-
nesota, and of course the distinguished gentle-
man from Illinois was with him, and when
General Grant was serenaded the gentleman
from Illinois stuck his head out'of the window
and thanked the crowd, [laughter;] and when
they rode in an open barouche together, and
the crowd hurrahed, the gentleman from Illi-
nois laid his hand upon his heart and bowed
profound acknowledgments. [Renewed laugh-
ter.] Why, Mr. Speaker, my people up there
were in great doubt which was Grant and which
was Washbukxe, They naturally concluded
that the quiet little gentleman must be the
fourth-class politician, and that the preten-
tious, fussy individual must be the coiiquaror
of Lee. Good old Jesse Grant, it is said, re-
marked on that occasion, "It 'pears to me
that Washburne thinks he owns 'Lysses; but
he don't own me, not by a long sight."
[Laughter.]
. Shall the two names go down in history to-
gether? Grant and Washburne ! What a
combination ! Why, Mr.Speaker, the intellect
of Grant is like some of those ancient ware-
houses in the great cities of the older Continent,
where floorrises above floorand cellar descends
below cellar, all packed full to overflowing
with the richest merchandise. The intellect
of the gentleman from Illinois is like some of
those establishments we see on Pennsylvania
avenue, where the entire stock in trade of the
merchant is spread out in the front window
and over it a label, "Anything in this window
for one dollar." [Laughter.] Why, sir, he is
the "Cheap John" of legislation. That he
should sway General Grant is not consistent
with the probabilities. Lord Dundreary was
once asked why it was a dog wagged his tail.
" Why," said his lordship, " the reason is be-
cause the dog is greater than the tail. If it
were otherwise,"said that profound thinker,
" the tail would waggle the dog." [Laughter.]
Here we have an instance, Mr. Speaker, where
the smallest kind of a rat-terrier's tail attempts
to waggle a Newfoundland dog. [Laughter.]
"Cromwell. X charge thee, fling away ambition ;
By that sin fell the angels; liow can Wishbubxe,
then,
Hope to win by 't?"
The gentleman should take counsel from
that proverb of the Romans, ex quovis ligno
lion jit Mercurius, which may be liberally
translated, you cannot make a statesman out of
every demagogue.
40TH COWG. 2D SESS.—No, 148.
Mr. Speaker, I tremble for my country. Is
it true that eighty odd years of republican Gov-
ernment have reduced us so low that there is
but one honest man in this House, but one Lot
in all this Sodom ? Does no voice but his ring
out against cliques and conspiracies and rings ?
Will no voice but his be heard in all the future
assuring this House that they are all a pack of
knaves, that the country is going to the devil,
and concluding with that favorite quotation of
his launched at us from the vast stores of his
erudition:
" Shake not thy gory looks at me,
Thou canst not say I did it,"
given with a roar like that of a wounded gorilla,
and ending with a rush to the cloak-room
amid the shouts and laughter of the House.
[Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, that I may not appear to exag-
gerate let me read to you one or two extracts
from the gentleman's speeches. On the 26th
of March of the present year, the question
under discussion being the Union Pacific rail-
road, the gentleman spoke thus of this House:
" The lobby mustered in its full force. I say noth-
ing here of the shameful means which it is alleged"—
He hedges in his slander with an if—
"which it is alleged were used in a 'confidential
way'
In quotation marks—
"to carry through this bill; but I do say that the
scene was onoof the most exciting and animated that
I have ever witnessed in a service of' nearly sixteen
years. The galleries were packed with people inter-
ested in the measure, bylobbyitcs, male and female,
and by shysters and adventurers, hoping for some
thing to 'turn up.' Yourgildod corridors were filled
with lobbyists who broke through all rules and mudo
their way upon the floor and into the seats of mem-
bers."
This, sir, was not an attack upon any one
man. It was an attack upon the virtue, the
decency, the honesty of this entire House—
a cowardly attack—because if ho knew that
" shameful means " were used it was his duty
to lay them bare.
Again, sir, in speaking on the 19th of March
last of smugglers, violaters of the law of the
land, he told the country, by insinuation, that
they were potent in this Chamber. Listen to
him:
" This is a great interest in the country, an interest
which controls, I may s;ty, hundreds of millions of
dollars, fin interest which goes through courts and
juries—I would not say it ever goes through Con-
gress; no, sir—[laughter]"—
He made his point, [laughter]—
"an interest, I would not say, that controls New
York city."
Why, Mr. Speaker, if all this be true, I
tremble for my country. What, if God, in a
moment of enthusiasm at one of the gentle-
man's speeches, were to pluck him to his
bosom and leave this wretched nation stagger-
ing on in darkness to ruin! I do not wonder
that the gentleman's family manifest such an
intense desire to get into Congress. I fancy
the gentleman—for what would be our loss
would be heaven's gain—I fancy the gentleman
haranguing the assembled hosts of heaven,
cherubims and the seraphims, the angels and
the archangels! How he would sail into them!
How he would rout them, horse, foot, and
dragoons! How he would attack their motives
and fling insinuations at their honesty! And
how he would declare for economy, and urge
that the wheels of the universe must be stopped
because they consumed too much grease!
[Laughter. ]
One word in conclusion. The gentleman
has assailed me, and it is but right that I should
put his own character in the balance. What
great measure, in his sixteen years of legisla-
tion, has the gentleman ever originated? What
liberal measure has ever met with bis support?
What original sentiment has he ever uttered ?
What thought of his has ever risen above the
dead level of the dreariest platitudes ? If ho
lay dead to-morrow in this Chamber, what
heart in this body would experience one sin-
cere pang of sorrow ? Who is there in this
House he has not assailed?
Why, he told the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Woopbridge] tha other day. that, every
corrupt and profligate measure that was pressed
in this body met with his support; and when
the gentleman from Vermont rose upon him he
cringed out of it like a whipped spaniel! Did
he not say to my friend from Philadelphia
[Mr. O'Neiix] the other day, that he would
not say—for that is the gentleman'? way of
making an insinuation—that he would not say
that the gentleman was one of a ring to swindle
this country? Has he not attacked my friend
from Iowa, [Mr. Price,] and aspersed his mo-
tives in his legislation in this body? He has
sought to build himself up upon our dishonor,
to glorify himself in our disgrace, to pollute
and befoul and traduce the very body of which
he is a member. Why, sir, his harangues
are the staple of the newspapers of the Oppo-
sition. We meet his charges on the stump.
By his wholesale reckless assaults upon the
honor and integrity of members he l\as lowered
the standard of this body. He has furnished
argument for the wit of Dan Rice. He has
furnished substance for the slanderers of the
pot-house.
Mr. Speaker, I need enter into no defense
of the Fortieth Congress. In point of intel-
lect, of devotion to the public welfare, of in-
tegrity of personal character, it will compare
favorably with any Congress that ever sat
since the foundation of our Government. It is
illustrated by names that would do honor to
any nation in any age of the world.
And if there be in our midst one low, sor-
did, vulgar soul; one barren, mediocre intel-
ligence ; one heart callous to every kindly sen-
timentand every generous impulse ; one tongue
leprous with slander ; one mouth which is like
unto a den of foul beasts giving forth deadly
odors ; if there be here one character which,
while blotched and spotted all over, yet raves
and rants and blackguards like a prostitute ;
if there be here one bold, bad, empty, bellow-
ing demagogue, it is the gentleman from
Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Minnesota that these re-
marks are not honorable to the House of Rep-
resentatives, of which he is a member.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope tha
party will be allowed to go on.
The SPEAKER. Although the House may
tolerate such remarks, the Chair cannot con-
sent to permit them to go upon the record
without his protest.
Mr. DONNELLY. I beg pardon of the
House; I have no desire to trespass upon its
rules, and no desire to offend its sense of pro-
priety. But members of the House will bear
me out when I say that no man who ever sat in
this body has met with so violent, so extraor-
dinary, so cruel an assault as that of which I
have been the object. The newspapers of this
country, from one end of it to the other, are
copying the charges made by the gentleman;
they are going everywhere upon the wings of
the wind. And I think that the members of
this House who know that I have never in five
years' service here said a discourteous word to
any gentleman upon this floor; that I liavs
never before this time had occasion to rise hero
to a personal explanation; that neither upon
the other side of this House nor upon this side
can any gentleman rise and say that I have
ever treated him with discourtesy, unkindness,
or incivility; 1 say the House, in view of these
facts, will pardon the natural heat which 1
exhibit.
1 give way now to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, if he desires to follow me. All 1 desire
to say is, that I am prepared to meet and an-
swer any and every charge that he can make
against me. I thank the House for its very
patient attention.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, Mr.
Speaker  
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois rises to a personal explanation. Is there
any objection ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not.
ask leave to speak in the way of a personal
explanation, Duringall the time of my service
