2354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4.
here I have never asked leave to mako a per-
sonal explanation, and I never expect to do so.
Daring the entire time I have been here, I
repeat, I have never asked to be allowed to
make a personal explanation.
The party from Minnesota has had the letter
which I wrote to a gentleman in that State
read to this House. It goes upon the records
of the House, and upon the record of the
country, and there it will remain for all time.
Mr. Speaker, every assertion made in that
letter is true. Whoever says that there is a
statement in it that is not true states that
which is false.
Sir, if I were to be called upon—and I de-
sire to say only this—if, under any press of cir-
cumstances, I were ever to be called upon to
make a personal explanation here, and in reply
to a member, it would not be a member who
had committed a crime; it would not be a
member who had rim away ; it would not be
a member who had changed his name; it would
not be a member whose whole record in this
House was covered with venality, with cor-
ruption, and with crime.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Illinois that those remarks
are not parliamentary.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask that the words just
spoken be taken down in writing.
The SPEAKER. They will be taken down
in writing and read by the Clerk.
Before the words were written out from the
reporter's notes,
Mr. WINDOM said: If I may bo allowed
to do so, upon the advice of friends, I will
withdraw my call to have the words taken
down in writing, and after the gentleman from
Illinois shall have concluded I will ask consent
to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain any resolution even by unanimous consent,
because it has been ordered that if the House
shall return to this Hall from the Senate Cham-
ber on any day after three o'clock no business
shall be transacted unless previous notice shall
have been given of the same.
Mr. WINDOM. I will ask unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot ask
unanimous consent of the House for that pur-
pose to-day. The House returned to the llall
to-day after three o'clock. The gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] stated to the
Chair that he desired to make a personal ex-
planation. The Chair replied to him that, as
it was early in the afternoon, he would pro-
pound the question to the House, and if the
House saw fit to allow any debate without any
legislative action they could give their consent.
Tlie Chair did propound the question to the
House, and the unanimous consent was given.
The gentleman from Illinois will now proceed,
in order, as the gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Windom] has withdrawn his demand to
have the words taken down.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know what the point of order was. I said I
would not reply to a member——
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer
the gentleman from Illinois now, or after he
• has concluded his remarks, as the gentleman
pleases.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Of course
I will yield to the Chair now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Illinois that the reason he
ruled the words out of order was, that, by the
attitude and gestures of the gentleman, they
appeared to be directed specially to the gentle-
man from Minnesota, [Mr. Donnelly,] who
had preceded him. Several times during the
course of the speech of the gentleman from
Minnesota the Chpir notified him and the
House that the remarks uttered were not par-
liamentary, and not in accordance with the
decorum which this body should exhibit before
the people wo represent and before the world
at large; and although the House did not see
fit to follow up tha statement of the Speaker
by sueh action as may properly be taken when
the Chair announces language to be unparlia-
mentary, yet as these remarks of the gentleman
from Illinois were equally in violation of the
rule the Chair felt it his duty to declare them
out of order.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not desire to pursue
this matter further at present; but I give notice
that at the earliest possible time after the House
has resumed business I will offer a resolution
censuring the gentleman from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will proceed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr.
Speaker, I should certainly bo very unwilling
to be considered out of order, and I am sorry
that the Chair should have supposed that I had
violated any rule of this House. I was merely
stating what I should do in a certain case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Illinois that, if his remarks
were not intended to apply to the gentleman
from Minnesota, toward whom he was looking,
and to whom, apparently, he was addressing
himself, the Chair will withdraw his ruling.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, sir,
I will not look toward the member from Min-
nesota. But I will say (and this is all I desire
to say) that if ever I should be called upon to
mako a personal explanation it will not be in
reply to a member who is covered all over with
crime and infamy, a man whose record is
stained with every fraud—whisky, and other
frauds—a man who has proved false alike to
his friends, his constituents, his country, his
religion, and his God.
On motion of Mr. EGGLESTON, the House
(at four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions wera presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate" com-
mittees :
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of Dr.
E. W. Savage, lato a contract surgeon, United
States Army, for a pension.
. By Mr. PRICE: The petition of Edward
W. Savage, a soldier of the late war, asking
for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 4, 18G8.
Prayer by Rev. William Hague, D. D., of
Boston, Massachusetts.
impeachment of the president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore called the
Senate to order, and at once vacated the chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Justice.
The Senate sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the chair
at three o'clock and fifty minutes p. m., when,
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 4, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. IjOyntq-V.
The reading of the Journal of Saturday last
was, by unanimous consent, dispensed with.
okdek op business.
Mr. WINDOM. I rise to a question of
privilege. I desire to offer a resolution.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Min-
nesota states that he rises to a question of
privilege and desires to offer the resolution of
which he gave notice on Saturday. As some
time will probably be consumed in that mat-
ter, it will have to be postponed until after the
return of the House from the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to ask leave to offer a resolution.
Mr. MILLER. Will business be transacted
this afternoon ?
The SPEAKER. As business will be trans-
acted on the return of the House from the
Senate, gentlemen will withhold their resolu-
tions and so forth until that time.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER. The hour oftwelve o'clock
having arrived, the House will now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of the
Senate, following the managers and preceded
by the chairman of the Committee of the Whole,
who will be attended by the Clerk and acting
Doorkeeper.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, in obedience to the order,
and proceeded to the bar of the Senate.
At three o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.
the Committee of the Whole returned to the
Hall, and the Speaker having resumed the
chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois^ made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the man-
agers to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court
of impeachment for the trial of Andrew John-
son ; progress has been made in the trial, and
the Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment,
has adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock m.
Mr. WINDOM obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to submit al-esolution calling for informa-
tion.
Mr. WINDOM. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
payment op claims.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed
to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
dircctcd to inform this House what judgments oftho
Court of Claims have been paid by the Treasury De-
partment, the amount of each judgment paid, in
whoso favor, at what time paid, and to whom paid,
either principal or attorney.
arkansas election.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the General of
the Army, transmitting, in compliance with the
resolution of the House of the 2d instant, Brevet
Major General H. E. Gillem's report of the
recent election in Arkansas under the conven-
tion law; which was referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction, and the letter ordered to be
printed.
admission of georgia.
Mr. WINDOM. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Beaman.]
Mr. BEAMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill to admit the State of Georgia
to representation in Congress.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to the introduc-
tion of any such bill. The State of Georgia is
in the Union now.
Mr. BEAMAN. At the proper time I shall
move to suspend the rules to enable me to
introduce it.
Mr. WINDOM. I yield for a moment to the,
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,]
provided what he proposes does not give rise
to discussion.
impeachment op the president.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the House to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of enabling the
gentleman from New York, from the Brookivn
district, [Mr. Robinson,] and myself to record
our votes on the resolution impeaching the
President of the United States. WTe were both
absent at the time the vote was taken, and
paired. Since his return I have talked with
him, and he desires his own vote recorded,
and so do I mine.
lhe SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Missouri that the Journal
of that period, and also the Congressional
Globe of that period, are both printed. The
entire editions of the Globe and of the Journal
are printed. The gentleman can attain his
object as well by stating how he would have
voted if iiq had been hore.
