3378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 221
bill (H. R. No. 1284) to change and more
effectually secure the collection of internal
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and to
amend the tax on banks.
Mr. SCHENCIv. Mr. Chairman, I think
it propable that all the time I shall claim of
the House will be less than that limited by its
order. I think I can make all the, explanation
I desire to submit in less than an.hour. The
committee of "Ways and Means have instructed
me to report the bill now before this committee
for consideration, which has been framed in
direct obedience to the orders of the House.
By the resolution of last Monday the commit-
tee was instructed to report only that which
related to the revision of the tax upon distilled
spirits and upon tobacco. Two days after-
ward there was sent to the committee from the
Honse an order to include in the bill and re-
port such changes as might be deemed neces-
sary in relation to the lax on banks. The
title of the bill which is now before members
in conformity with those orders explains just
what the bill contains. It is "A bill to change
and more effectually secure the collection of
internal taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and to amend the tax on banks."
I am sorry, Mr. Chairman, that we have had
to report a bill such as this. I am sorry tliat
this House thought it necessary to call on us
to present only some partial and piecemeal
work in connection with the revision of the
internal lax system of the country. It is but
adding one more act to the quarter of a hun-
dred which now cumber the statute-book upon
this subject. I doubt the policy of these partial
attempts at a revision admitted on all hands
to be generally needed, and I was never more
convinced that we ought not to have under-
taken our work after that manner than when
I came to consider the effect of the-bill which
we passed in March, and which on the 31st day
of that month in the present year received the
approval of the President—a bill to exempt
certain manufactures from tax. If that bill
had not been passed a general, revision of the
tax system would undoubtedly have taken
place. But 1 see now in different directions
in this House gentlemen who were eager for
the passage of that special legislation who fell
away from us as soon as they had accomplished
what they particularly desired, a relief of local
and special interests in which they felt the
most immediate concern. And so, I fear, it
may be hereafter. I fear that when gentle-
men shall have accomplished an amendment
of the law in regard to internal taxes, so as to
make some reform in the system so far as dis-
tilled spirits, tobacco, and banks are con-
cerned, we shall find many of them growing
indifferent to any further reform embracing
the general needs of the country upon all sub-
jects which present objects of taxation. I am
sorry on another account. I do not wish to
revive an old controversy, nor to say anything
which shall not be in perfect good temper;
but the Committee of Ways and Means thought
they were not particularly well treated before
by this House, and the House, as the commit-
tee predicted, has gained nothing by the course
which it has pursued.
The first instance upon record, perhaps, is
exhibited of a committee of this House, deemed
generally to be one of the most important,
after they were half way or two thirds of the
way through with the consideration of an im-
portant bill in Committee of the Whole, stopped
by an order of the House, and the co'mmittee
not eveu permitted to explain, in a few min-
utes allowed for that purpose, the condition of
the bill, their views in regard to it, and what
might or might not be the best policy of the
House, until they obtained that privilege by fili-
bustering for it, and then not except upon the
condition that they should do it after a vote had
been taken and when gentlemen had committed
themselves on the question, and not then ex-
cept upon the further condition that they should
be replied to without opportunity of response
by those who desired the House to take that
course. It was predicted then that nothing
would be gained. What has been gained ? I
think that if we had gone on through all the
past week, from Monday until Saturday, with
such opportunities as we could have had,, we
should, by this time certainly, as the committee
predicted, have gone through with the whole
matter of distilled spirits.
Mr. BUTLER. I rise to a question of order.
This debate is not germane to the bill, and does
not explain its provisions.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Chair cannot prescribe a
line of debate to the chairman of the Committ-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I thank the gentleman
for his anxious desire to have this matter fully
understood. The committee then said it would
probably take that week, and we are still of
that opinion. And in obedience to the orders
of the House, we now report upon these par-
ticular subjects. The length of time that will
yet be occupied will depend upon the disposi-
tion and temper of the House to take up and
press forward in good faith, according as we
can agree upon the special provisions contained
in the bill now under consideration, all that
relates to the tax upon these articles;
But there was another reason assigned then,
to which I wish now to call the attention of
tie House, and it is my duty to do so, why we
ought not to have given the go by to, ought not
to have thrown aside the greater portion of the
original bill over which we had gone in order
to confine ourselves to distilled spirits and
tobacco only. That reason is to be found in
this: throwing aside the work of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, which had been already
revised by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, we threw aside provisions
made for such an addition to the revenue of the
country that we are very much afraid now that
the revenue may fall short of the wants of the
country.
Mr. BUTLER. How much short?
Mr. SCHBNCK. I will tell the gentleman.
If there be retained in the present bill the addi-
tions made to the tax on banks, an increase
of one half of one per cent, per year on deposits,
three per cent, upon public moneys deposited
with them, and an addition which the commit-
tee now propose of one per cent, per annum
upon the circulation, the whole together wiH
make an increase of taxes amounting to about
three million seven hundred thousand dollars.
The average deposits of Government moneys
I have ascertained are about twenty-three mil-
lion dollars, which, at three per cent., will give
$090,000. An increase of one half per cent,
upon the average deposits of other moneys, of
$538,000,000, will give $2,090,000, and there
will be an increase of over a million dollars
from the additional tax we propose upon the
circulation of the banks. If that be retained in
the bill, and I am told it is doubtful whether
such will be the disposition of the majority of
the Committee of the Whole, for it is said the
House was surprised into adopting the order
giving the Committee of Ways and Means
authority to include banks in this new bill—if
that be retained there will still be a loss by not
adopting the other portions of the old bill of
about twelve million five hundred thousand
dollars, as we estimate it after the most care-
ful examination.
For instance—and this is the principal item—
by the bill which has been thrown aside for the
present, we put dealers, wholesale and retail,
particularly wholesale dealers, upon the same
footing with manufacturers, and required them
to pay, not one tenth of one per cent., as under
the present law, but One fifth of one per cent,
upon their sales above $5,000 per annum.
That alone would make a difference of about
eight million dollars. Then when you add to
that what is lost by not putting an increased tax
upon lotteries, brokers, insurance agents, law-
yers, jewelry, pianos, fire-arms, public amuse-
ments, &c., the whole together, exclusive of
the increased tax on banks, amount to about
twelve and a half millian dollars. We regret,
on that account, that we should be confined to
this tax upon distilled spiritsand upon tobaeeo,
even if we include the tax on banks.
There is another thing which it is proper—
and I am instructed by the committee to do
so—I should call to the attention of* the Com-
mittee of the Whole. Under the absolute
instructions of the House we have felt con-
strained to confine ourselves to that which,
directly or indirectly, relates exclusively to
the tax upon the articles embraced in this bill.
In doing this we had necessarily to abandon
a large portion of the general bill which we
would gladly have held on to as a part of a
system, all dove-tailed together, which we bad
attempted to adopt asa general revision of the
present tax laws.
For instance, we had a provision that there
should be a division of labor in the office, or
the department of internal-revenne, whichever
it might be. I throw aside the question now
whether it should or should not be an inde-
pendent department; for I confess it seemed
to be the opinion of the House that it should
not be an independent department. We had
provided for a division of labor, whieh would
have resulted in much more efficiency and
security in the proper execution of the law.
We had also provided for a strict account-
ability for money and stamps, running through
several sections of the bill, all of whieh is now
lost; and there remains the same old loose
system under which I am surprised there has
not been more fraud and loss than really there
has been.
Then, again, we had provided seizures should
be made hereafter with the consent of the col-
lector and assessor, and upon a division of
opinion between them, under the umpirage of
another and a superior officer, so there should
not be oppression of the tax-payer by arbitrary
seizures to the extent that now oecurs.
We had also a section which did away, to a
great extent, with that loose system of com-
promising which now prevails, and hedged
round the power to make these compromises,
and limited the exercise of functions in that
direction, on the part of the Commissioner, by
restraints which would have prevented so much
license as now prevails in that direction.
We had a provision against drawbacks ; and
I will call the attention of the House particu-
larly to the fact we proposed to have a super-
vision in the different judicial districts of the
collection of taxes under the authority of the
collectors and assessors, and of their conduct
and the conduct of all inferior officers in con-
nection with their duty, and to dispense with
the roving officers which infest the country in
all directions.
We had proposed to break up the whole sys-
tem of authorizing the collector or assessor to
be sent from his district into another district
to make seizures at his will, and usurp the
functions of the local officer; and we had also
done away with that old system so fruitful in
the vicious practice which has heretofore and
will still exist if the old system continues of ap-
pointing special agents and roving inspectors
to traverse the country, seizing right and left,
levying black mail, and imposing generally
upon the people of the country, while they
profit more than occasion, by their services, to
be paid into the Treasury.
We did not believe we had the right to insert
any of these general provisions ; and I make
these preliminary remarks for, though the
committee felt itself restrained from inserting
such things in the bill, if the House gets along
smoothly and it is able to agree to that now
reported, the committee may feel it to be its
duty to move separately some of the features
of the old bill along with this, so as to make
the collection of the tax, on even these articles,
effective. .
Mr. BOUTWELL. I hope the gentleman
will let me ask him a question. Do I under-
stand the Committee of Ways and Means, who
reported this bill, are opposed to it, and believe
the machinery provided in this bill and in the
general law is insufficient for the purpose of
collecting this tax ?
