13S0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged question.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to refer it to the
Committee on Reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COVODE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was referred; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
" Mr. BLAINE. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Chris-
tian Keil, of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, for relief.
Also, the petition of the board of registra-
tion of Comal county, Texas, for the removal
of disabilities incurred by participation in the
rebellion from Jacob Schmitz and T. H. Ham-
ock.
By Mr. BA11NUM: The petition of John
Brooks and others, of Fairfield county, Con-
necticut, with accompanying documents, pray-
ing for a light off Black Hock.
Also, the petition of Major General Horatio
G. Wright, Major General George W. Getty,
Major General Truman Seymour, and Major
General Frank Wheaton, a committee charged
by the Sixth corps of the Army of the Potomac
with the completion of a monument in bronze
to the memory of its commander, the late Ma-
jor General John Sedgwick, United States
volunteers, who was killed in battle at Spott-
sylvania.
By Mr. BASHFORT) : The petition of John
W. Sweeney, relating to his claim against the
United States.
By Mr. BOYI3R : The petition of citizens
of Catasaqua, Pennsylvania, lor the abolition
of the '' warehousing system" and the repeal
of the law establishing ''bonded warehouses."
By Mr. DRIGGS: J'he petition of E. Sales,
and 50 others, of Waughton, Michigan, ask-
ing for an extension of time for completing the
military wagon road from Fort Howard, in
Wisconsin, to Copper Harbor, in Michigan.
„ By Mr. FERRISS: The petition of S. P.
Bowcn and others, tax-payers and producers,
praying for the reduction of the expenses of
the Government to a peace basis, for the reduc-
tion of the Army and Navy, revision of the
tax and revenue laws, and other reforms.
By Mr. HALSEY: The petition of Anson
Atwood, of the city of New York, asking Con-
gress to extend his patent for Cast-iron car
wheels.
By Mr. HARDING: The petition of 200
people of Quincy, Illinois, that citizens of the
United States in foreign countries be protected
in their rights.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
memorial of officers of the Army, asking that
the pay of servants in the Army shall not be
reduced below that of privates.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia: The
petition of J. H. Duval and others, late offi-
cers in the Army of the United States, pro-
testing against the passage of the bill prohibit-
ing the payment of the difference between
eleven and sixteen dollars per month in the
pay of officers' servants from May 1, 1861, to
March 3, 1865.
By Mr. JUDD : The petition of Frank Law-
ler and others, ship-builders, of Chicago, ask-
iiig the removal of internal tax from ship-
budding materials.
By Mr. KITCHEN : The petition of George
W. Corner and 150 others, citizens of West V ir-
ginia, praying for a pension for Charles Hamp-
stead, late of the West Virginia State guards.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of D. B.
Belisle, for pension to Martin Belisle, one of
the heroes of the war of 1812.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of Murray,
Slawson & Co. and others, of Racine, Wiscon-
sin, for a reduction of taxation.
By Mr. RAUM: The petition of Adjutant W.
Mclivoy, late of the third regiment Illinois
cavalry volunteers, asking pay from March 14
to May 10, 1865, and three months' extra pay.
By Mr. SHANKS: The petition of Lot S.
Bayless, administrator of Marcus Bayless, de-
ceased, praying compensation for the military
services rendered by said officer.
By Mr. UPSON : The petition of J. A. Ste-
vens, G. A. Colby, and 400 others, citizens of
Berrien county, Michigan, praying Congress
for a reduction of expenses and taxation.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of J.
Wait, and 77 others, citizens of Adelphi, Ohio,
praying Congress to pass an act to authorize
the issuing of a sufficient amount of United
States legal-tender Treasury notes to pay the
bonds of the United States.
Also, the petition of Morris Reed and 78
others, citizens of Ross county, Ohio, praying
Congress to pass a law to authorize the issuing
of a sufficient amount of United States legal-
tender Treasury notes to pay the bonds of the
United States, and thereby stop an enormous
amount of interest, and have a safer currency
without interest.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana: A me-
morial of the officers of the Northern Central
Michigan Railroad Company.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 22, 1808.
The following prayer was offered by Rev. E.
H. Gray, D. D.:
O God! amid the tumults of the people
Thou art our strength and our refuge and the
tower of our defense. Thy hand is on the
helm of the universe. Thou rulest among the
affairs of men. Thou settest up one and put-
test down another. Thou raisest up kingdoms
and overturnest thrones and powers and do-
minions. All things are subject to Thy con-
trol, and we bow before Thy divine sovereignty.
We ask, 0 Lord, that Thy blessing may be
upon Thy servants the Senators and upon the
members of the House as they shall come to
the consideration of grave and important mat-
ters. May they have foresight and sagacity
and determination; and a spirit ol wisdom
and a disposition to do right give them. Pre-
side over all of their deliberations and guide
and direct them to safe conclusions and enact-
ments, such as shall result in promoting the
greatest good of this people and secure the
glory of God. And now we ask that Thou
wilt have the executive and the legislative and
the judicial and the military arm of Govern-
ment under Thy control and superintendence
to-day and forever. Amen.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of yesterday's
Journal was dispensed with.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives yesterday, were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (H. R- No. G58) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June ^0, 1869, and for other purposes—
to the Committee on Appropriations.
A bill (H. R. No. 780) for the relief of Mar-
tha M. Jones, administratrix of Samuel T.
J ones—to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
A bill (H. It. No. 785) to revive an act to
constitute Hannibal, Missouri, and Peoria,
Illinois, ports of delivery—to the Committee on
Commerce.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate of the 18th of December last, re-
questing information in regard to the Island
of San Juan, on Puget's sound, transmitting a
report from the Secretary of State on the sub-
ject ;■ which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior , communicating an
estimate from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs of additional appropriations for various
bands of Sioux Indians of the Upper Mis-
souri agency: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
tho Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
communication from the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs relative to the Navajo Indians on
the Bosque Redondo reservation in New Mex-
ico ; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. ANTHONY. We had a very long and
exhaustive session yesterday; and to-day, I
need not remind you, is the anniversary of the
birth of Washington, on which it is not cus-
tomary to transact public business. The De-
partments are all closed, I believe. It has
always been customary for the Senate to
adjourn over this day, unless where a pressure
of business at the short session compelled us
to sit. There seems to be no pressing business
to-day. 1 move, therefore, that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITILE. I ask the honorable
Senator to allow me a moment- 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will not withdraw the
motion ; but if the Senator asks unanimous
consent to make a statement while the motion
is pending 1 shall not interpose an objection.
I will not, however, withdraw the motion, be-
cause I should lose the floor, and not be able
to renew it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall yield the floor to
the honorable Senator when I make the remark
which I wish to make. 1 supposed that, by the
unanimous consent of the Senate, I was to ad-
dress the Senate to-day in reply to other Sen-
ators who have spoken on the subject which was
so long under consideration, not expecting that
any vote would be taken or that any business
would be insisted upon. With that understand-
ing 1 came here, expecting to address the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not debatable, and it is not withdrawn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not propose to
debate it. I simply state to my honorable friend
that that was my understanding, and I supposed
it was the universal understanding of the Sen-
ate. I did not expect to insist that Senators
should remain here if they did not desire to
remain.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator will have
the floor at any time when the question on
which he is entitled to the floor comes up. We
do not wish, however, to remain here to-day,
and we do not wish to lose his speech. We
prefer to have the speech at some time when
we can listen to it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not desire to stand
in the way of the decided wish or opinion of
the Senate, and I will therefore ask unani-
mous consent to have House bill No. 4^9
taken up, so that I may take the floor on it on
Monday at one o'clock. There are various
reasons why I wish to have that understanding.
I do not desire to press anything against the
wish of the Senate, but I understood I was to
speak to-day.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask consentto be allowed
to make one remark. Unless greater and more
important business shall demand the attention
of the Senate on Monday, of course there will
be no objection to the Senator then going on.
If that should be the case, of course the Sena-
tor will be expected to give way and give pre-
cedence to that class of business.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose (if the Senate
will allow me to make a remark) that there is
no greater or more important business than
