1-868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SCHENCK. We are by no means
opposed to the bill, and if gentlemen will not
think it a vain assumption I think we have
reported still a good bill. But I think the bill,
being taken out of even a better system and
leaVing out certain provisions which would
have made it still more effective, can hereafter
be made more effective if the Committee of the
Whole is willing to concur with us in reporting
some provisions in regard to the subject. For
instance, the matter of which I spoke last. We
will propose, outside of this tax to which we
were directed to confine our attention, to have
ingrafted upon this bill a provision, if the Com-
mittee of the Whole think proper, to sweep
away some sixteen or seventeen hundred offi-
cers on roving commissions and have a more
rigid system of supervision.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I think, Mr. Chair-
man, from this statement it is idle for the
House or the committee to go on attempting
to perfect this bill if after all it is a fragment-
ary, incomplete system, and I am rather of
the opinion it is better. Now if the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means do not feel itself justi-
fied in reporting this as a perfect system as far
as it goes, to recommit the bill now so as to
have the Committee of Ways and Means de-
vise a perfect system for the collection of the
tax on distilled spirits and tobacco. It seems
to me the consideration of the subject requires
the consideration of the machinery in connec-
tion with the tax, whatever the system may be.
I should be sorry to go on with this bill, and
before we adjourn be compelled to consider
another bill containing a system for the col-
lection of the tax we levy in this. If we are
in that condition I think we oughttotake some
other steps.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is due to the Commit-
tee of the Whole that I should go further in
my explanation. My friend from Massachu-
setts was not here, I think, when that order
was made. The order, it will be remembered,
was imperative. By a majority of ten the House
instructed the committee to bring in a bill con-
fining our report to these particular subjects.
I do not wish to be misunderstood. I think
we have presented a bill which will, to a very
great extent, remedy the abuses and provide
against the evils of the present system, while
regulating at the same time the tax upon those
articles which are the special objects treated
in the bill. But because we did not feel author-
ized to introduce one or two other special mat-
ters of regulation, because they do not pertain
particularly to whisky and tobacco, we have
prepared one or two amendments, which at the
close of the bill we shall submit to the com-
mittee for their adoption or not, which we
think will bring some of this machinery to the
aid of the bill we have reported. But, with
that exception, I think it due to the House to
say that while we think we have a bill reason-
ably perfect, we do not wishto be understood
as claiming all the responsibility of this bill.
This is not a bill of the Committee of Ways
and Means. It is the best bill we could make
up under the instructions of the House, and we
wish gentlemen to be advised that we expect
them to share with us any imperfections there
may be in the bill for want of its covering the
ground generally. And I suppose by their
votes they are willing to do that.
Now, sir, these are no new views. These are
just what were in substance the remarks made
at the time the committee were instructed ; and
with all due deference to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, and to others who take a differ-
ent view, we were not directly, as we thought,
met upon these grounds. We were more or
less jocularly and with more or less propriety,
as gentlemen-might so regard it, characterized
as a " mutual admirationsociety," and we were
upbraided with certain views that some of us
had given on other subjects. But so far as the
views we submitted to the House were con-
cerned, I beg leave to say there was not much
of argument in reply to the argument or state-
ment*~we made. Itistrue it was said with some
ingenuity that we had taken six or seven
months to prepare a bill, and it must be ex-
pected that gentlemen in the House would want
six or seven months, or, at all events, some
considerable time to consider it. I recollect
the gentleman from Massachusetts went so far
in his arithmetic as to say that the whole of
the next short session added to the present
one, according to his view, would hardly be
sufficient to dispose of the bill.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] thinks I am not representing fairly
his objections made at that time. I think I
recollect them very well. I think we were
treated to a sort of arithmetical problem, that
if it took so many months to prepare a bill, it
must necessarily take a great deal of time to
consider it in the House, a great deal more for
the Senate to consider it, and so it would con-
sume more time than the remainder of this
session, so that he really thought, admitting
his premises, that he had made out aclear case
that we should not be able to finish it before
the 4th of March next. We were not allowed
an opportunity to reply, but I thought at the
time that we might have said to the House that
it by no means followed because so much time
was taken in the preparation of the bill that
anything like the same proportionate time must
necessarily be occupied in considering the bill
in the House. I have always thought that just
in proportion to the labor and care and assid-
uity with which a bill is prepared and sought
to be perfected in committee, does it stand a
chance of requiring less time in the House.
However that may be in other cases we have
had an example in this House of the readiness
on the part of a great many of us to follow the
lead of the committees of managers and other
important committees of this House, and, under
the previous question, have manifested so great
a confidence in their work as to take what they
offered us even almost entirely without debate,
yielding our judgment to theirs.
Now, we had asked nothing of this kind.
We had gone regularly into Committee of the
Whole, examining the entire work of the
Committee of Ways and Means, section by
section, and clause by clause, with the full-
est and freest opportunity for amendments.
And yet we are thought to have been extrava-
gant in our expectation that that would have
been in some degree satisfactory when we have
seen that in other important cases, and with
other committees, a very different rule has
prevailed.
But, sir, I have been by interruptions be-
trayed into saying a great deal more on this
subject than I had intended. My desire was
simply to apprise the House that abandoning
for the present, at least, the general system
dovetailed together, by whieh we had sought
to fuse into one law the twenty-five laws you
have now on the statute-book, under the order
of the House we have selected the two or three
matters segregated from the rest of that long
hill to which the House seemed willing by its
vote to turn its attention and did the best
we could with it. But we desire to explain
that before we are through with the bill, we
shall probably feel it our duty to advise the
House, that if they will accept one or two
amendments, which will bring something of
the machinery to which I have adverted into
this bill to go in connection with it to the
country, it will not only be to the benefit of the
revenue system at large, but will particularly
aid in that portion of it to which we have been
required to confine ourselves in the bill re-
ported.
What have we done on those subjects to
whieh we have been directed to confine our
attention? I ask the attention of gentlemen
now while I explain in a plain conversational J
manner just what they will find to be the pro- [
visions of the bill. I
The first subject, distilled spirits, we have !
treated of by introducing with some revision
all or a large number of the minute details to ;
enforce obedience to the law and the collection
of the tax which gentlemen will find in the
original bill from which we have taken, having
recently prepared them, those provisions.
Then on the subject of the tax itself we have
agreed, after discussion, to settle down upon a
recommendation to the House to make the tax
a direct tax on distilled spirits of sixty cents a
gallon. In connection with this we have pro-
vided that the payment of that tax shall be at
the distillery warehouse. We have.provided,
as gentlemen will find as they follow the sec-
tions, that there shall be no removal of spirits
from the distillery without the payment of this
tax, except in four specific cases which are the
only exceptions. That is, it may be removed
for direct exportation; it may be removed-to
be redistilled into alcohol, that alcohol being
for exportation; it may be removed for manu-
facture into medical preparations -and com-
positions, as provided under the present law
in section one hundred and sixty-eight, and
returned under bond to be exported; and it
may be taken out of bond to be used in this
country by scientific associations and colleges
for the preservation of objects of scientific
interest and curiosity. This last is a part of
the present law. Gentlemen, perhaps, have not
known how much alcohol is used in that way,
but I believe some forty or fifty thousand gal-
lons at least were used during the last year.
They have used more than twenty thousand
gallons at Professor Agassiz's museum alone.
These, then, are the only removals that can
take place from the distillery without payment
of the tax, and with the exception of one of
them, the use of alcohol in scientific institu-
tions, every such removal is connected entirely
with the transportation of the article abroad.
It may be laid down, therefore, as a general
proposition that the tax we propose is sixty
cents a gallon paid at the distillery, and no
removals can take place from the distillery
warehouse to the export warehouse for any
other purpose than for exportation. There is
to be 110 removal, as we had at first in the
original bill thought of proposing to the House,
from an export warehouse for any consumption
in this country.
Mr. GARFIELD. Before my colleague
[Mr. Schenck] leaves this point, I wish he
would explain fully the particular reason for
adopting the rate of sixty cents per gallon
rather than fifty cents, or any other sum._ I
do not know but there may be some principle
involved, which leads him to adopt sixty as
the specific number, or perhaps it was merely
an arbitrary choice.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
answering that question, although it is perhaps
infringing a little upon the right of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means not to expose its
action. My own particular reason was this: I
had satisfied myself that if the tax was put as
low as fifteen cents per gallon it would crowd
out this illicit distillation of molasses and pre-
vent general illicit distillation in the country
by making it unprofitable; and if seventy-five
cents per gallon was not low enough for that
purpose, 1 felt satisfied that some ten or fif-
teen cents lower in the rate of taxation would
merely accomplish that result. For one, there-
fore, 1 was willing, if I must fall below seventy-
five cents, to go at least as low as sixty cents
per gallon.
There may be gentlemen here in the House
who are of opinion that we ought to have gone
down to fifty or twenty-five cents per gallon in
order to stop illicit distillation. Without going
now into an argument on that point, I will
simply say that comparing all the authorities
on the subject, the information obtained from
distillers, traders, revenue officers,.and per-
sons disconnected with either of those, but
having some knowledge of the operation of the
former law—putting together the information
derived from many hundreds of these persons,
with all the communications received upon the
subject, amounting to cords of manuscript
; this was my general conclusion. I do not know
' that I can make my answer any clearer. It
was not arbitrary; it was not a piece ol mere
guess-work. It was a decision in which tne
members of the Committee of Ways and Means
