1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr, BENJAMIN. I presume it can be ap-
pended in a note to the Journal. The gentle-
man from New York would have voted against
impeachment and I would have voted for it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asks unani-
mous consent to have this statement placed on
the Journal.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object. I once asked
in behalf of forty-seven members of this
House the privilege of recording a protest and
it was denied us. Besides, the gentleman
ought to have changed his mind before now.
Sir. BENJAMIN. I move, then, to suspend
the rules.
Mr. WINDOM. I cannot yield the floor for
that purpose.
MESSAGE FKOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. "William
J. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informed the
House that the Senate insists upon its amend-
ments to the bill of the House No. 601, making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1809, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, and agreed to the
committee of conference asked by the House ;
and has appointed Mr. Morrill of Maine,
Mr. Cockling of New York, and Mr. Grimes
of Iowa, to act as the conferees on the part of
the Senate.
CHARGES AGAINST A MEMBER.
Mr. WINDOM. I gave notice on Saturday
evening that I would, at the earliest possible
moment, introduce a resolution of censure
upon the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
burns,] growing out of, or based upon, the
letter which he had written concerning my
colleague, [Mr. Donnelly.] However, at
the request of my colleague, and after full
consideration of the matter myself, I have
modified the resolution which 1 proposed to
offer. It is still a resolution of privilege, in
my opinion. I offer the modified resolution,
because i think the resolution of censure I at
first intended to offer does not reach the case.
The resolution I hold in my hand is one calling
for a committee of investigation. I offer it for
this reason, that one or two gentlemen on this
floor should be expelled from this House. If
my colleague is guilty of the crimes charged 
Mr. ELiDRilJGE. I object to debate before
there is any subject before the House to be
debated.
Mr. WINDOM. Then I offer the following
preamble and resolution as being privileged:
Whereas Elthu 33. Washburne, a member of this
House from the State of Illinois, did, on the 19th day
ot April, 1868, in the columns of a newspaper pub-
lished in the city of St. Paul, Minnesota, styled the
St. Paul Press, make a violent attack upon the ohar-
acierof Ignatius Donnelly, amemberof this House
from the rildte of Minnesota, in which he charged
him, among other things, with bribery and corrup-
tion, and with being a fugitive fro in justice, in the
following words:
ITousk of Rkpreskntativks,
Washington, I). C., April 10,1868.
Dear. Sir: Some one has sent me a Minnesota
newspaper containing a letter addressed to you by
Mr. " I. J->onxklly." This Mr.441. Donnelly" seem-}
to be in search ot sympathy from his constituents, by
making a whining complaint against me far object-
ing to the introducing ot some bill which he pre-
tended to be anxious to get before the House. He
must place a very low estimate upon the intelligence
ot his constituents if he docs not suppose they could
see through his shallow device to make a little local
capital under a pretense thoroughly false.
Be says he had prepared a bill tor a grant of land
to construct a railroad "from Taylor's Falls, via St.
Cloud, to 'the western boundary of the State," and
that he attempted to introduce it into the House, and
that I objected to it, and which objection he says
"delayed for the present all action on the bill."
As he has addressed you on the subject, I will ask
you to look, tor a moment, at this jesuitical per-
formance ot your member in this regard. He knew,
in the iii st place, that there was not the ghost of a
chance tor the passage of any such bill: and, in the
second phiefl, ii such a bill should pass, there would
be little, if any, land between Taylor's Stalls and iSt 
Cloud to go to the State under the proposed grant,
as nearly all the land is either taken up or included
in former grants. And what would seem strange in
thelijyhtof this extraordinary letter in regard to this
very important matter, is that your member should
have delayed theintroduction of this bill for the long
period ot tour months, lor he could have introduced
it. under the rules, on every Monday since Congress
met, which was on the 21st day of November last.
But he tailed to bring it in until the 20th day of last
month, when ho attempted to get it in out of order.
This was on Friday. On the succeeding Monday, the
23d ultimo, Minnesota was called for the introduc-
tion of bills, under which call this very bill could
have been introduced by your member, regardless of
any and all objections by myself or by any one else.
But what will a constituency think of a Represent-
ative who, after parading before them the grievance
that I objected to his introduction of his bill on
Friday, the 20th of March, failed to introduce the
same bill on Monday, the 23d of March, when there
could have been no objection to it? As to the "delay"
he speaks of, which will throw 44 the bill forward to
a very late period in the session, *' it will be perceived
that he alone is responsible for it.
The exploits of your member in this matter are
akin to another jesuitical performance of his in the
same line. On thc27thof January last he introduced
a bill into the House granting, as I understand, (I
have not seen the bill,) two hundred thousand acres
of land to improve the Mississippi river between St.
Paul and Minneapolis. The object of this action",
undoubtedly, wa3 to antagonize this proposition to
grant land for this purpose (a proposition almost un-
precedented, and which he knew Congress would
never agree to) with a propositioB before the Com-
mittee on Commerce to make an appropriation of
money for that purpose. By these means hesupposed
he might defeat aid for the object, and then have
another opportunity to attribute the failure to me,
as chairman of the Committee on Commerce.
How contemptible must any Representative of an
intelligent and patriotic constituency appear, when
found guilty of such a scandalous attempt to impose
upon thenvi
Mr. DoSNELLYsayshe is at a loss to account for my
action jn objecting to his bill, and he evidently in-
tend^to convey the idea that my official action is
hostile to the interests of your State. I objected to
tke bill not only because he attempted to introduce
t out of order, but I objected to ittor the reason that
from my knowledge of his character, and ftom his
connection with legislation here, I have become ex-
tremely suspicious of everything that ho proposes.
And when your member arraigns me for hosfility to
the interests of your noble State, he seems to forget
what is known to all your oldersettlers, that I labored
here tor the interests of your State, by both voice
and vote, long before he left Philadelphia, under
suspicious circumstances, between two days, and
long before he changed his name and politics; the
latter from a Buchanan Locofoco to a Republican;
and made hisadvent in Minnesotaas an office beggar.
It is not my opposition to Minnesota interests that
cxcites the hostility of your member. It is my oppo-
sition to his schemes of plunderand aggrandizement
that leads him to assail me. My congressional reeoid
for sixteen years is open to the public, and I chal-
lenge its severest scrutiny. I trust it will not bo
found to bo stained with venality, corruption, and
crime. I commend the examination of the record of
yuur member to his constituents, and if they do not
find that every corrupt, extravagant, and. profligate
measure ever brought before the House has received
his support I will acknowledge myself mistaken.
It might be well for theconstituents of your mem-
ber to inquire what was his action in tho matter of
legalizing by act of Congress that most serious ob-
struction to the free navigation ot the Mississippi
river, the Clinton bridge? This bridge has been the
means of inflicting untold injuryupon thecommcrce
and people of the upper Mississippi. It has been the
terror of all lumbeimen ot Minnesota, and they have
been damaged in various ways by the obstruction of
the Clinton and Rock Island bridges hundreds and
hundreds of thousands ot dollais. Indeed, it is safe
to say that the damage done by the breaking up of
rafts, the inci eased expense of running them, on ac-
count of the danger of passing these bridges, the
increased price of freight and insurance on account
of the bridges, costs the people of Minnesota $500,000
a year. \V hen the bill came up m the House to legal-
ize the Clinton bridge and make it a post road, and
was pressed to its papsngeby the unscrupulous agents
ot the corrupt railroad monopolies* whose object was
to so impede the free navigation of the Mississippi as
to compel your farmcis to ship the-r products east
over railroads at a vastly enhanced rate of freight, I
resisted tho passage of the bill in tho interest of your
people and tho people of the upper Mississippi with
all my might. The day before the bill passed Mr.
Donnelly voluntarily carno to my seat and assured
me ot his hearty support, and urged mo to keep up a
vigorous opposition. You can well conceive my sur-
prise and indignation the next day on finding him
voting for tho bill. I could only account for his sud-
den conversion on the hypothesis that he had boen
"seen" daring the previous night.
You know something of the Union Pacific railroad,
which is likely to become one of the most monstrous
monopolies the world has ever known. Though built
by a subsidy from the (xovernment, tho oppressions
and extoitions of the company practiced upon tho
people have excited universal indignation. Mr.
Windoat, of your State, introduced^ two or thiee
months since a joint resolution creating a boaid to ,
limit the rate ot passage and freight over this road. !
Passengers are now charged ten cents per mile faro, :
and freight is charged at the rate of fifteen cents per \
mileperton. Mr.I.DoNNELLYvotedtolaythis joint j
resolution upon the table. "With a free annual pass t
over the road in his own pocket, he was willing to ,
see every constituent of his who traveled over tho ,
road charged ten cents a mile fare. . :
I beg leave to commend your attention to another j
matter deeply affecting your member and tho inter- i
ests of your State. His predecessor, the ever faith-
ful representative of Minnesota interests, Colonel
Aldiich, by persistent effort, in conjunction with his ;
colleague, Mr. Windom, secured an amendment to ,
the Union Pacific railroad bill, which compelled the i
building of a road west from Sioux City to join the I
Union Pacific, which would have brought the head of
Lake Superior one hundred miles nearer to the point
of junction than Chicago. Yet it was stated in the
House the other day by Mr. Allison, of Iowa, and
it has not since boen denied, that this Minnesota
member secured a change in the law. by which the
Union Pacific railroad was released from its obliga-
tion to build this branch, ana a transfer to another
company made, which other company built a road
down the valley of the Missouri river, and has re-
ceived over one million dollars in violation of law.
Holding the important position he has occupied on
the Pacific Railroad Committee, the constituents of
the member will probably desire to be informed
touching the consideration which induced this wanton
betrayal of their interests.
But I have neither time nor inclination to pursue
this matter further. Perhaps I should not now have
taken this trouble had this been the first time your
member, without any provocation whatever, had
seen lit to send attacks upon me to his constituents.
Instead of making his complaints here,withadegree
of cowardice only equaled by his mendacity, he
parades himself, like a whipped school-boy, before
his constituents, and whines at me because I exer-
cised a parliamentary right in objecting to the intro-
duction of oneof his billsinto the House out of order.
I need add nothing further,
Yours respectfully, E. B. WASHBURNE.
Hon. W. H. C. Folsom, Taylor's Falls, Minnesota.
P. S.—Papers in Minnesota that have published
Mr. Donnelly's letter are requested to publish this.
.And whereas the said Elihu B. WashbURNK did,
on the 2d day of May, 1808, in his place on the floor
of the House ot Representatives, repeat said charges
against the said Ignatius Donnelly, in the follow-
ing words:
"The party from Minnesota has had the letter
which I wrote to a gentleman in that State read to
this House. It goes upon the records of the House
and upon the record of the country, and there it will-
remain for all time. Mr. Speaker, every assertion
made in that lettci is true. Whoever says that therfe
is a statement in it that-is not true states thatwhich
is false.
"Sir, if I were to be called upon—and I desire to
say only this—if, under any pi ess of circumstances, ,
1 were ever to bo called upon to make a personal
explanation here, and in reply to a member, it would
not be a member who had committed a crime; it
would not be a memberwbo had run away; it would
not be a member who had changcd his name; it
would not be a member whose whole record m this
House was covered with venality, with corruption,
and with crime." * * * * * * *
" Well, sir, 1 will not look toward the member from
Minnesota. But 1 will say (and this is all 1 desire to
say) th>it if ever 1 should bo culled upon to make a
peisonalexplanation itwillnot beinreply to amern-
ber who is covered all overwuh crime and infamy, a
man whose record is stained with every fraud—
whisky, and other frauds—a man who has proved
false alike to his friends, his constituents, his coun-
try, his rohgn>n, and his God:'' Therefore,
JiP.s-olvrd, That a select committee of seven be ap-
pointed by the Chair to m vestigato the truth or false-
hood of the charges so made, with power to send for
persons and papeis, and with leave to report to this
House at any time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that this is a question of privilege, upon the
ground, (as found upon page loo of the Digest,
and within the knowledge of all the old mem-
bers of the House,) that "charges affecting
the character of a member of Congress/'when
made distinctly, even by a person not .a fellow-
member. are regarded as questions of privilege.
General charges and denunciations, vague and
not specific in their character, are not usually
regarded as questions of privilege. But when
charges have been made in newspapers by per-
sons not holding the relation to a member of
Congress that a fellow-member does, imputing
distinctly that affecting the honor and reputa-
tion of a member, they are regarded as ques-
tions of privilege. This, however, is subject to
the rules of the House: and if objection is made
to the consideration of this resolution at this
time the Chair will submit to the House the
question. Shall the resolution be considered at
this time for its decision?
No objection was made.
Mr. WINDOM. ilr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Before the gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom] proceeds with
his remarks, the Chair desires the Clerk to read
a portion of the sixty-first rule, to be found upon
page 173. It is within the recollection of mem-
bers of this House that the Chair repeatedly
ruled the other day that remarks uttered of a
personal character were unparliamentary. The
Clerk will now read that portion of the rule
which states what next occurs, when that rul-
ing has been made by the Speaker.
The Clerk read as follows:
" If the decision he in favor of the member called
to order he shall be at liberty to proceed; if otherwise,
