1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4403
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
Tlie bill (IT. R. No. 1448) making appropri-
ations for certain executive expenses of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1869, was read twice by its title, _ and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The bill (H. R. No. 1447) granting the right
of way to certain railroad companies over the
military reservation at Fort Leavenworth was
' read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I ask to have that bill put
oil its passage now.
Mr. POMEIiOY. I hope it will b« passed
at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider the bill at
the present time. Is there any objection?
Mr. CONNESS. I object.
Tire PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill will be referred to the
Committee on Miiitacy Affairs.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House bad agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (IT. it. No.
H.212) to further amend the postal laws.
The message further announced that the
House insisted upon its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 939) to provide for an American line of
mail and emigrant passenger steamships be-
tween New York and one or more European
ports, agreed to the conference asked by the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses oh the said bill, and appointed Mr.
John Hill, of New Jersey, Mr. Jons F. Fakxs-
wohtii of Illinois, and Mr. Fernando Wood
of New York, managers at the same on its
part.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the resolution of the House fixing tlie day of
the adjournment of the present session of
Congress.
The message further returned, in compli-
ance with a request of the Senate, the bill (H.
R. No. 783) for the relief of Samuel Pierce.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 543) to provide for the further issue
of temporary loan certificates for the purpose
of redeeming and retiring the remainder of
the outstanding compound-interest notes; and
it was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his
Secretary, announced that the President had
on the 23d instant approved and signed the
following bill and joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 352) to authorize the tempo-
rary supplying of vacancies in the Executive
Departments; and
A joint, resolution (S. R. No. 164) for the
restoration of Commander Aaron K. Hughes,
United States Navy, to the active list from the
retired list.
executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a bill on my table
which I desire to move, but I forbear to take
advantage 
Mr. CONNESS. There is nothing before
the Senate, I believe.
Mr. SUMNER. I have the floor. If the
Senator calls me to order, he must make his
point of order. I now renew the motion which
I made some moments ago, that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I call for theyeas
and nays.
Mr. SUMNER. Briefly remarking——
Mr. CONNESS. I object to debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No argu-
ment can be made on the motion.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; the Senate will
take notice that there is executive business.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall not go
into executive session.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 29, nays 17 ; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Doolittle, Drake, Feuy,
Fessenden, Kowler, Frelinghuysen, Harris, Hender-
son, McCreeiy, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pomeroy, Sawyer. Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull,
Viekers, Welch, Wh.ytc, and Willey—29.
^NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Conn ess, Harlan, Hend-
ricks, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Maine, ltamsey, Ross, Sprague, Stewart, Tip-
ton, Wade. Williams, and Wilson—17.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cattell,
Davis, Dixon, Edmunds, Grimes, Morton, Norton,
Nye. Osborn. Pool, Bice, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Thayer, Van Winkle, and Yates—18.
So the motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened to receive a message from the House
of Representatives.
message ruosi the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (II. It. No.
1433) to amend an act entitled " An act to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain," approved May 20, 1862, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
House insisted upon its amendments to the
bill (S. No. 207) for funding the national debt
and for the conversion of the notes of the Uni-
ted States, disagreed to by the Senate, asked
a conference on the disagreement of the two
Houses on the said bill, and had appointed
Mr. R. C. Sciiexck of Ohio, Mr. John A.
Logan of Illinois, and Mr, George S. Bout-
well of Massachusetts, managers at the same
on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that theSpeaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills, &c.; and they were thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 433) authorizing the trustees
of Union Chapel of the Methodist Episcopal
church in the city of Washington to mortgage
their property for church purposes;
A bill (S. No. 509) in addition to an act
passed March 21, 1804, entitled "An act for
the punishment of certain crimes against the
United States
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 93) granting
permission to officers and soldiers to wear the
badge of the corps in which they served during
the rebellion ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) to carry
into effect the resolution approved March 2,
1867, providing for the exchange of certain
public documents.
report from a committee.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
from the joint select Committee on Retrench-
ment, submitted a report, accompanied by a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 175) relative to the
recent contract for stationery for the Depart-
ment of the Interior. The joint resolution
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
tiie iusdkg bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 207) for funding the national debt,
and for the conversion of the notes of the
United States, disagreed to by the Senate and
insisted on by the House: and.
On motion by Mr. SHERMAN,
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its disagree-
ment to the amendments of tlie House of Represent-
atives to the said bill, and agree to the conference
asked by the House on tko disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees cgi the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Sherman, Mr. Morgan, and Mr. Wil-
liams, managers on the part of the Senate.
executive session.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
executive business ; and after some hours spent
therein, the doors were reopened atfive o'clock,
and the Senate took a recess until half past
seven o'clock p. m., for the purpose of consid-
ering at the evening session bills reported from
the Committee on Claims.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
pension laws.
Mr. VAN WINKLE submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on th« disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. It. No. 1010) relating to pensions,
having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate, nuiuborcd as follows:
1, 2. 3, 4, 5, 7, 8. 9, 10.11.12,13,14,15,16,17, IS, 19, and
20, and agiee to the same.
That the Ilou^e recede from their disagreement to
the sixth amendment ol tho Senate, and agree to the
same, with amendments as follows: strike out all
after the word " garrison," in line ten of the amend-
ment, to the end of line twelve; also, strike out all
after the word ''station," in line eighteen of the
amendment: and that the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho twenty-first amendment, and agree to the same,
with an amendment as follows: strike out all after
the enacting clause ol the amendment, and insert in
lieu thereof the following: " Thatthe third section of
an act entitled 'An act increasing tho pensions of
widows and orphans, and for other purposes,' ap-
proved July 25,1866, shall be ,-u construed as to place
all pensioners whose right thereto accrued subse-
quently to the Revolution and prior to tho 4th day
of March, 1861, on the same footing as to rateof pen-
sion irom and after the passage of said act, as those
who have been pensioned under acts passed since
said 4th day ot March, 1861; and the widows of rev-
olutionary soldiers and sailors, and soldiers and
sailors now receiving a less sum, shall hereafter be
paid at the rate of eight dollars per month;" and
that the Senate agree to tho same.
That the House leccde from their disagreement to
the twenty-second amendment, and agree to the
same, with an amendment, namely: strike out after
line eleven ot tho amendment the following: "and
in all cases pensions heretofore or hereafter granted
by special acts of Congress shall be subject to be
varied ill amount according to the provisions and
limitations of thepension laws,"and insert tho same
as an additional section ; and that the Senate agree
to the same.
P. G. VAN WINKLE,
JOSEPH S. FOWLER,
ALEXANDER RAMSEY,
Manage) s o/ithepart of the Senate.
SIDNEY PERHAM,
D. i OLSLEY.
L. S. TRIMBLE,
Managers on the part oj ike Bouse.
The report was concurred in.
report of a committee.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. 11. No. 1G8)
for the relief of John Montgomery, reported it
without amendment.
wharves at ostvego.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to take up House
joint resolution No. 296. It is a very brief
resolution, and has passed the House of Rep-
resentatives. It. will take but a few moments.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish to make a report
from a committee of conference.
Mr. MORGAN. It will not take five min-
utes to pass this resolution.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well: I give way to
the Senalor from New York. He has been
indulgent this session ; but I would not give
way to anybody else. [Laughter.]
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 296)
giving the assent of the United States to the
construction of certain wharves in the harbor
of Oswego, New York. Tlie preamble recites
