1332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
pensation whatever, until in 1845 he invented
the curved oven-plate, which he patented, and
he has had the use of that patent for twenty-
one years. It is an ingenious invention and
valuable to the public.
The only question to be considered in this
case is: has the patent been sufficiently remu-
nerative? The remunerativeness of a patent
can be measured by no absolute standard. The
usual rule, as adopted in the law of Congress,
is that the inventor receives sufficient compen-
sation for his invention by enjoying a patent
for twenty-one years. There are, however,
exceptions; sometimes this term may be too
long and sometimes it may be too short. And
there are numerous precedents upon which
this bill may well rest. I wish to state briefly
to the House why the inventor in this case has
not received a sufficient remuneration for his
patent. In the first place, he was for twenty
years engaged upon the subject-matter. For
two years he was engaged wholly upon this
branch of his invention. He encountered
many difficulties and was obliged to prosecute
a great many suits. He has received in gross,
under all his issues, only the sum of fifteen
thousand and some hundred dollars. . He has
expended at least four or live thousand dollars
in meeting the expenses of the suits and other
difficulties attendant upon the maintenance of
his rights. During the lirst fourteen years of
his patent he received only the sum of $3,500.
Now, a great reason why there should be an
extension is that the patent was almost worth-
less to the inventor during the first fourteen
years. The reason of this was in a measure
that the invention was in advance of the state
of the arts; and any gentleman can well under-
stand this when he bears in mind that in 1825
only thirty-five thousand tons of coal were
marketed in the whole United States, while
now the annual sum total is at least a million,
if not millions of tons.
The petitioner has asked to have two patents
or reissues extended. The committee have
proposed to give him but one. While he has
asked for bread, we do not propose to give
him a stone—but half a loaf. The bill is care-
fully guarded in all respects. So far from
there being in the committee any opposition
from any source to this extension, there is a
vast deal of testimony in depositions from
leading gentlemen interested in the manufac-
ture of and trade in stoves of this kind in New
York, Boston, Providence, Troy, and other
places, commending this man to the attention
of Congress. In order to exhibit the hearty
and sympathetic character of this testimony,
I send it to the Clerk, that he may read a few
extracts.
The Clerk read as follows :
Affidavit of Mo/iee Pond.
" I, Moses Pond, of Bopton, in tho State of Massa-
chusetts, on oath depose and say:
"I have been in the business ol'making and selling
stoves and ranges in Boston and its vicinity ioi'more
than fifty years, including my apprenticeship. Tho
firm of which I am now senior member has been, 1
presume, one of tbe largest concerns in the trade in
thii? city for the past twenty years.
"I remember very well the first exhibition of the
burning of anthracite coal in Boston. 1, with other
citizens, witnessed it at the invitation, X think, of
Mr. James Wilson, of New York, who allied me to
conic to the City Hotel and see some 'rocks' burn-
ing. Thiscoal came into use very gradually. It was
a long time after this experiment before it was used
for cooking purposes." * * ■* * * *
" 1 remember the first appearance in Boston of tho
conl-burning stove known as tho 'American Air-
Tight,' believed to bo the invention of Samuel Pierce,
and one of the features of which was the eurved front
O', <'ti plate. It was manufactured by Johnson & Cox,
ot Troy, New York, and sold in Boston by Gardner
Chilson.
" This stove proved to be a very valuable one. It
had contrivances in it that caused it to excel any
t. ing of tho kind then in use. Its leading novelty
was the curved plate already spoken of."
" I have known Samuel Pierce, tho inventor, for
many years as an industrious man, of good charac-
ter and habits, engaged in designing forms of stoves
and devising improvements in their construction;
arid my impression is strong that he is not, pecunia-
rily, forehanded, and hasnotderived from bin inven-
tions that remuneration for which he might reason-
ably hctvt- looked and which he well deserves."
"Nearly all the cooking stoves made by our firm
have the 1 curved plate' in them. There are thou-
sands and thousands of them, in which this plate is
used, made in the United states; i)robably many
thousand every year."
Affidavit of Jacob JI. Shear.
"I, Jacob II. Shear, of Albany, in the State of
New York, on oath depose and sav:
"I am tifty-six years of age, and a stove manu-
facturer by occupation. I have been engaged in
said business for twenty-eight years past, and my
firm, Shear, Packard & Co., is one of the leading
houses in thestove trade in Albany and its vicinity."
"I have known Mr. Picrec for twenty years, havo
observed his way of life, and am able to speak from
personal knowledge of his habits and character. He
is and has been an industrious, frugal, temperate,
arid moral man, of high reputation as an honest,
Christian citizen. I believe I should know his pecu-
niary condition from my relations to him, and I have
no reason to believe that ho is not now in quite
straitened pecuniary circumstances. I do not think
ho has received m any way a fair compensation for
the invention of this curved plate. Since this inven-
tion has been in use by tho public Mr. Pierce has
been all the time industriously at work; he has lived
providently and what would be called very spar-
ingly ; ho has nut I obt money by speculation or wasted
it in extravagance or folly, and yet ho is to-day a
poor man. In my opinion the stoves having this
curved plate will do the same work twenty per cent,
cheapor than stoves not having it, in view of tho
saving in fuel, wear and tear, and labor in managing
and working them."
Affidavit of David B. Cox.
"I, David B. Cox, of tho city of Troy, in tho State
of Now York, on oath depose and say:
"I have been in tho £tove business in said Troy
for the most of the time since tho year 1837. I was a
member of the firm of Johnson & Cox in 18-15. Wo
ww e at that time among the largest dealers in stoves
in tho country, and the largest in Troy,"
" Mr. Pierco wont into our employment in tho year
1843, and continued therein for about ten yeais. At
tho timo he first engaged with us ho was very poor.
Ho was employed while in our service in making im-
provements and getting up patterns in stoves, and in
our general business. I was very familiar with his
way of life at this time. 1 think he rather ' loaned'
on me. When he first came with us he was over-
whelmed with debts I know.
"lie lived economically, and was industrious and
temperate, ile had no vice-*, but did not seem to l
know how to manage and make the most of his in ven- i
tions.
"We paid him, from timo to time, compensation
enough to furnish him areopectablesupport. Wohad
no agreement with him, by which we were to pay him
any definite sum after our purchase of hi^ patent, as
aforesaid. Whateveriinprovements'Mr. Piercomado
while with us we had tho advantage of, as well as of
his general services, and we gavohim hia living, pay-
ing some of his old debts thatwero jr.« ro pressing, in
addition.
"In view of the value of the curved ^late (for it is
almost indispensable in cooking stovt • > L am of tho
opinion that Mr. Pierce has notroceivv .l a remuner-
ation at all eommensurato with his invention."
Affidavit of Gnorge W. Walker.
"I, George W. Walker, of the citv of Boston, in
tho State of Ma-^achudctb, on oath depose and say:
"I have been for nine yeais past, or thereabouts,
in the stovo business in JJoiton, and was for about
five years preceding in tho same bu,-liters in Tioy,
New York, in the employ of Johnson, Cox & duller,
and their successors.
"I know Samuel Pierce to bo a straightforward,
square man, temperate and frucral. Ho has had a
largofamily, and, since I knew him, has been devoted
to this branch of invention. I ain oonfidentlie is in
humble circumstances, and has not, I am sui e, been
compensated for his timo and in^euuUyinand about
this invention and giving it to tho world, lie ought
to have realized from it, beyond his expenses ot liv-
ing, at least £100,000.
"The valuo of this improvement in communities
where anthracite coal is used can hardly be reckoned
in dollars and cents. A man who had tho means to
makethcoutlaywouldbebetteroffin the end to pay
tho price asked for a stove with Pierce's plate in it
than to take a high hearth stove without it as a gift.
" Comparing two large-oven stoves—tho one built
with the curved plate and tho other without it—I
should say the stove with the curved plate would save
thirty per cent, of the fuel, and that tnecot-t of repairs
in the s'ove without it would, unless in very careful
hands, be six times that of the ■other.
"It is my candid belief and deliberate estimate
that not less than ono hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand stoves are made in tho United States annually
with this curved plate for their ruling principle, and
that there is a saving c fleeted by the use of this device
in those stoves of not less than five dollars per stovo
on an average each year."
Affidavit of Lewis P. Mead.
"I, Lewis P. Mead, of the city of Providence, and
State of Khode Inland, on oath depose and say:
"I am over fifty years of age, am an iron founder,
and a part of my business is the manufacture of
stoves. I have been, as clerk and principal, so em-
ployed over thirty yeais.
"I remember when the 4 American Air-Tight' stove,
the invention, as I suppose, of Samuel Pierce, first
came out. and am familiar with its distinguishing
feature, the curved front plate for the oven.
"This sieve became a very popular stove, and,
though other patterns have since taken its place, the
curve plate is still regarded, I think generally,#as a
necessary part of a good cooking stove, and is in
extensive use.
"I do not know how it could be dispensed with, or
what other thing there is that will answer the same
purpose in stoves that this does/*
Affidavit of Joseph Pratt.
"In the matter of the petition of Samuel Pierce
for an extension of his patent,
"I, Joseph Pratt, of Boston, in the State of Massa-
chusetts, on oath depose and say:
"I have been since the year 1837 in business, prin-
cipally in Boston, as an iron founder, and almost
exclusively as a manufacturer of stoves and stove
furniture." *******  
"As before stated, in 1837, when I began business,
the public had just commenced to burn anthracite
coal, and only in the simplest contrivances. It very
soon became a common fuel in cooking stoves, after
th^introduction of * Pierce's Air-Tight.'
"I have known Samuel Pierce intimately for the
last five or six years, and during that period have
had business rolations with him. I haveknown him
for a much longer period as an 'expert' in stoves,
and an eminent inventor of improvements therein.
I boliovo him to bo an honest, industrious, frugal
and temperate man, but not shrewd in matters of
business. Since I first knew him, in 18*17, his manner
of living has been, so far as I know or believe, sim-
ple and economical. Ho has neither been extrava-
gant in expenditure for himself or family; nor has
ho been inattentive to business: on the contrary, he
has always seemed to be, and for some years I know
ho has been, faithfully devoted to the interests of
his employers. While by no means heedless in the
expenditure of his earnings, he has been too earnest
in making improvements to attend properly to tho
protection of his own interests. And ho has not, in
my opinion, received anything like a fair remunera-
tion for his time and ingenuity expended by him in
making and perfecting said invention.
"The firm of Pratt & Wontworth, of which I am
senior member, is one of the largest, if not the largest,
manufacturer of ptoves m Massachusetts. We now
make annually about five thousand stoves, in neaily
all of which the curved plate of Pierce is introduced.
I estimate tho number made annually in the United
States, in which said plate is used, at not less than
one hundred thousand."
Affidavit of B. W. JDunldee.
"I, B. Wells Dunklee, of the city of Boston, on
oath depose and say:
"That X havo been a manufacturer and dealer in
stoves and other heating apparatus in Boston since
the year 1812, and am familiar with the various im-
provements that have been made during that period
in cooking stoves." * * * 'H * *
"In 18-16 the 'The American Air-Tight'stove, the
invention of Samuel Pierce, came out. I was then
in tho employ of Gardner Chilson, of Boston, who
had the ageucy of the stovo for this vicinity. I be-
lieve F made the first fire that was ever kindled in
ono of thc.se stoves in Boston. It burned anthracite
coal. The curved oven plate was one of its leading
features." * •' * * * * *
"Mr. Pierce's course of life has been one of ex-
treme prudence, and his habits of the purest order
of a Christian man. I have known him intimately
for over twenty years. So far as I am ablo to judge,
I should say he had received only a pittance, com-
pared to what ho ought to have received for this
invention.
" I estimate the number of stoves made annually,
in tho United States, with tho curved plate in them,
at not less than one hundred thousand."
Mr. PETERS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Tho previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
pouts of delivery.
Mr. PETERS. On an understanding I yield
the floor first to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Eltot,] and then to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridue.]
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Commerce a
bill (H. II. No. 786) declaring St. George and
Boothbay, in the State of Maine, and Sail
Antonio, Texas, ports of delivery, and author-
izing the establishment of bonded warehouses
at Jiucksport and Vinal Haven, in the State
of Maine.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to know what
this bill is?
Mr. ELIOT. It will occasion no expense
to the Government, and its passage is now
wanted for commercial purposes.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to the
bill if it be necessary for the public interest-
Does it provide under the law for private
bonded warehouses for internal revenue ?
Mr. ELIOT. It has nothing to do with the
internal revenue. 3t is in reference to col-
lection districts for duties on imports.
The object of the bill, sir, is really to put
revenue into the Treasury of the United States.
These shipping ports have no bonded ware-
