3380
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBS.
June 22L
could concur; dividing between those who
would go lower and those who would have the
amount higher. This was a decision in which
we all could concur, as one which would be
likely to accomplish a great reform and break
down the whisky frauds about which we were
all so anxious.
But we did not suppose that sixty cents direct
tax would be a sufficient burden upon this arti-
cle that ought to contribute so largely to carry
on the operations of the Government. If we
therefore put it at sixty cents, lessening the
temptation to fraud, bringing under the eye of
the law more distinctly, so that it might give
microscopic observation, beyond what could
be done when there was a broad tax of two
dollars per gallon, with all the efforts made to
accomplish frauds under a tax of that kind, we
thought we ought not to confine temptation to
only one point, but should scatter it, so that
the temptation being made small at one point,
and at another, and another, and another, yet
by the aggregate taxes at those points we
should make it something on the average like
what that article ought to pay.
Leaving the direct tax, then, at sixty cents,
we come next to the consideration of what
special taxes should be imposed upon distil-
lers, to make up the aggregate contribution
toward the wants of the Government. We
propose that every distiller who distills fifty
barrels or less in a year, shall pay $200 as a
special tax, and four dollars as a further
special tax upon each barrel above the fifty
barrels.
Gentlemen will find that provided for in
section sixty-five of this bill. It is the same
system which we had introduced in the general
bill; but we have modified it in this respect;
instead of imposing a special tax of $1,000
upon every distiller who makes two hundred
barrels or less a year, we have brought it down
from two hundred to fifty barrels or less, so as
not to crush out altogether the small distilleries
in Kentucky, Tennessee, or elsewhere, where
ihey make few barrels in a year and that of a
superior quality. The principle is the same,
four dollars per barrel, only the starting point
is set lower down.
In the same way we propose that every rec-
tifier who rectifies two hundred barrels or less
in the course of a year, shall pay a special tax
of $'200, and fifty cents additional for each
barrel above the two hundred.
We have put a tax of twenty-five dollars
upon the compounders of liquors. We have
divided retail dealers, those who sell any less
quantity than a quart of liquor to be used at
the place where sold, and have classified them
so according to their sales they- shall pay
twenty-five, fifty, one hundred, two hundred,
or one thousand dollars, upon the principle that
the man under the Astor House, New York,
or the St. Charles, New Orleans, or elsewhere,
who sells $10,000, or even $100,000 of liquors
in this way, shall not be left off like the little
retail dealer on the cross-roads, who keeps
one of the groggeries of the country.
Upon wholesale dealers we have increased
the tax on sales. We charge each wholesale
dealer $100 to begin with, and then three
per cent, upon all his sales above $3,000 per
annum.
We charge the manufacturer of stills fifty
and twenty dollars for each still or worm that
he manufactures, and thus by a specific tax
upon him and a special tax upon hi3 trade,-we
will realize a considerable amount never before
obtained from that source.
Mr. INGERSOLL asked a question which
was entirely inaudible at the reporter's desk.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; we propose a
special tax on whisky.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Suppose the wholesale
dealer sells for exportation a thousand barrels?
Mr. SCHENCK. If he takes his liquor
from the distillery warehouse to the export
warehouse, in bond and with all of the securi-
ties provided, and sends it out of the country,
then of course it escapes tax ; but if it leaves
the distillery warehouse and becomes free
whisky upon the market, it must stand the tax
on sales, and all the other taxes.
I must go back and repeat my original ex-
planation. Direct tax is collected at the dis-
tillery, and whisky, when it comes from the
distillery warehouse, must be taxed, except in
those particular instances where it is intended
for exportation or preserving specimens in
museum jars.
Then we have another system of taxation,
which may be called the tax on capacity. On
the subject of taxation of capacity we have
found where, it has been attempted it has
always been abandoned where it has been
sought to tax the capacity of the stills or tubs
themselves ; but there has lately been intro-
duced abroad in lieu of that, and which we
think may be introduced with advantage at
home, a tax according to the number of bush-
els of grain which can be mashed and fermented
at a distillery. We have, therefore, added to
these other classes a tax of five dollars a day
on every distillery that is capable of mashing
and fermenting one hundred bushels each day
or less; and whenever a distillery has the
capacity for mashing and fermenting fifty or
one hundred bushels more, we add three dol-
lars a day for each hundred bushels or frac-
tional parts of a hundred bushels.
We have in the bill, as gentlemen will find,
striot provisions. Unless notice is served of
their stopping, they are to be taxed as if run-
ning all the time. They are by law considered
always running unless it is otherwise made to
appear.
One thing more. They pay two dollars a
day when they do not run as a sort of tax for
having a distillery which may be used.
These, then, are the three modes of taxing
distilled spirits: by direct tax, all sorts of
specific taxes oil distillers, rectifiers, manufac-
turers of stills and worms, and a tax upon the
capacity of the distillery to mash and ferment.
As to what amount we can collect under this
system of taxation by repeated calculation I
cannot make any revenue less, with any due
enforcement of the law, from this source than
from sixty-five to seventy millions a year.
Mr. BUTLER. What is the tax per gallon
on whisky taking all those direct and specific
taxes together?
Mr. SCHENCIC. It is very difficult to say.
The special tax of four dollars per barrel will
amount to about ten cents per gallon. We
have computed the barrel to contain forty gal-
lons of proof. Then there is sixty cents to be
added to that, making seventy cents. Then
we cannot tell how much the tax on sales will
amount to per gallon, because of the difficulty
of applying it to the retail dealer and the diffi-
culty of making the calculation between the
price of the liquor and the percentage put
upon that price. We have no statistics show-
ing the prices at which the sales are made, but
cniy the aggregate sales. But I suppose some
twelve or fifteen cents will be added in that way
per gallon. Then if you add the other special
tax I presume the whole tax upon the liquor,
spread out in this way, will amount to some-
thing over a dollar per gallon. It may amount
to more, hut [ put it at what I suppose to be
the lowest estimate. I think the aggregate of
this tax will exceed a dollar a gallon.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question, or rather two questions. In the
firstplace, how,by the system proposed, will you
be able to ascertain how many gallons the tax
is to be assessed upon ? Are you to ascertain
it by a meter, or how? In the second place,
if the system of the capacity be so good as the
gentleman seems to think—and I am glad to
know that he entertains that belief—why may
it not be a proper mode of assessing the tax
altogether? First, how do you propose to
ascertain the proper tax and prevent fraud,
and second, why may not the capacity system
be enlarged so as to cover the whole tax ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will answer the last
question first. Our object has been not to
make the tax upon any particular branch of
production so high as to renew the old temp-
tation under which such large frauds have
been committed. But while we take care not
to make it too low, and yet to make it low
enough in regard to each particular mode of
taxation, by scattering it over the whole prod-
uct in all its various stages, this is as low as
wo could get a combined tax that would pro-
duce something like a sufficient revenae.
Now, as to the other question, how we ascer-
tain the quantity of spirits. I wish the gentle-
man would have saved me the labor of going
over several sections by having read the bifl
itself. He would have found in the first place
that we cast around the production of the
liquor such safeguards as have never been
before placed around it, so as to prevent any
of it from escaping from between the worm of
the still or the receiving cistern and the distil-
lery warehouse. We do not permit it to go
out to the warehouse without the tax being
paid, and it is to be proved to be paid by a
stamp to be attached to the barrel.
Then for a further security we have provided
that in making up the account of what is pro-
duced at the distillery there shall be certain
calculations always made by the assessor, and
every distillery shall be presumed to have pro-
duced so much in proportion to the amount of
grain or mash that has been used. That is
another security, all of which will- be better
explained if the gentleman will take the trouble
to refer to the sections on that subject.
Mr. MYERS. One question further. I
have read that part of the bill, and the gen-
tleman is explaining to us what we all may
here read. But I want to know whether the
system does not provide for meters at the
expense of the Government ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir; we have pro-
vided that the Government may adopt meters,
hydrometers, saccharometers, or whatever may
be deemed necessary for the enforcement of
the tax, and whatever is adopted shall be at
the expense of the Government. We havedone
that in order to take away what may seem to
be a reasonable complaint by distillers of the
imposition practiced upon them in having had
to deposit a very considerable amount of money
and wait till it is determined how mueh they
shall pay for a meter they are required to use.
We have also followed out the same principle
in regard to storekeepers, as we explained once
before to the committee, that they shall be paid
by the Government hereafter and not by the
distiller; so that, unlike the present whisky
inspectors, they shall not be the slaves and
bondmen of the distiller himself, but shall be
under the direction of the Government, to be
removed from place to place like any other
officers, and not permitted to grow fast like
attachments and fixtures in the distillery, as
much belonging to the distiller as any other
part of his apparatus.
Now, I have spoken of the mode of payment,
which is to be by stamps. The committee,
after examining a great number of plans and
suggestions, finally provide in their bill for a
stamp, and after having determined what kind
of stamps should be used they procured the
execution up at the Treasury Department of
specimens so as to satisfy the House that such
a system is practicable. All the stamps are to
be put up in this form, [exhibiting a number
of stamps bound together in book form.] Every
collector who receives such a book is to be
charged with the value in money of all the
stumps and the stamps attached to them. Here
is a book of stamps for forty gallons and a
fraction—between forty and fifty, gallons. A
man has forty-seven gallons of whisky on which
he pays tax. You cut off one of the stamps,
which is forty gallons, and then seven of the
coupons, which are between the stamp and the
stump, and then the forty-seven gallons of
whisky exactly are paid for, and the collector
is charged with forty-seven gallons for which
he is presumed to have received the money,
and he is only credited oil his return of the
book with as many coupons as remain attached
to the stump. We have had a series of experi-
ments performed at the.Patent Office by which
