1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4405
although it will contradict the statement of my
friend from New Jersey, who means to be
entirely accurate, that to my knowledge, in a
full committee, this amendment never had the
assent of a majority. If it had I cannot con-
ceive when it was. I certainly never knew it.
I think the Senator from New Jersey, so care-
ful as he ordinarily is, is mistaken in this
instance. I cannot understand who consti-
tuted the majority of the committee when it
was agreed to. It certainly was never known
to me I know that the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmonds,] the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Johnson,] and the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Hendricks,] and myself were all opposed
to the bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Not the Sena-
tor from Maryland.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has never been agreed
to in committee when the Senator from Mary-
land was present in that committee, so far as
my knowledge goes. The Senator from Mary-
land has not been with us for the last week or
two upon the committee. I know not what
may have been said in the Senate.
That is immaterial, however. I only men-
tion that incidentally, that the Senate may not
take this bill without examination. Now, let
us see what the bill is :
That the provisions of an act entitled " An act
relating to habeas corpus and reguiatincr judicial pro-
ceeding in certain cases," approved March 3,18(53 
Mr. HOWE. I must interpose, with the
leave of the Senator, and move to lay this bill
on the table for the present, until the business
of the evening is disposed of. I make that
motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I appeal to the Senator
to withdraw that motion. Let it be laid aside
informally ; that will answer the purpose.
Mr. HOWE. If the whole Senate will agree
that it lay aside informally, I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to its being
laid aside informally, for then it can be called
up at any moment when I am not present. I
wish to state what the bill is, and shall take no
unnecessary time in doing it.
Mr. HOWE. I move to lay the bill on the
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks he erred, as the Senate were to con-
sider private bills this evening, in not recog-
nizing the head of that committee at the open-
ing of the session. The question is on laying
the bill on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 1322.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really hope that the
Senate will not proceed to the consideration of
private claims at this period of the session. If
we do, we cannot possibly get through with our
business. There is a great deal of business to
do, and if any measures are to go over those
ought to go over until the next session. We
have public business that we must do, and
although I believe there was a sort of under-
standing as to to-night yet I really think it
would not be just to the public business or to
ourselves to take up these private claims at this
period of the session when we have got so little
time, and so much to do that must necessarily
be attended to. I really hope it will not be
done.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make an appeal
to the Senator from Wisconsin. I have been
trying to get the floor for some days past, but
have not succeeded, in order to call up a little
bill to remove disabilities from two members
of Congress. It is important that it should go
through, and I presume there will be no objec-
tion to it. It has got but four names in it, and
I have been trying hard for a week to get the
floor.
Mr. HOWE. I am a little surprised at the
objection made by the Senator from Maine.
This afternoon the Senate agreed that this
evening should be assigned to business reported
from the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was no party to it.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know whether the
Senator was a party to it or not; but the Sen-
ate did it, and I hope the Senator is prepared
to acquiesce in the decision of the Senate. Of
course, they can recall the vote or reconsider
it. I know that very well ; but I have strug-
gled as hard as I could, without seeming to be
impertinent, to get a fair share of attention to
the business of the Committee on Claims. I
have no interest in the business of the com-
mittee, but I do not wish to be held up and
held responsible for utter inefficiency and in-
capacity in the conduct of thatbu&iness. The
Senate will bear mc witness that we have occu-
pied but very little of its time during this pro-
tracted session. And now what is the objec-
tion to considering these bills this evening?
Our individual convenience, it is true, would
be promoted by leaving here early and going
home ; that is all. There is time enough to
dispose of this business and all the business
there is to be transacted in executive session,
and I think in a very short time the business
that I intended to lay before the Senate can be
disposed of this evening. I hope the Senate
will indulge me to that extent. If they will
not, I cannot help it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really do not like to
interfere with my friend ; but he has already
had time more than once to call up his bills
and has had bills before the Senate, and has oc-
cupied the attention of the Senate for some
hours in relation to those bills. My only ob-
jection is that there is not time. If we had
time to dispose of these bills and the general
business before us I would not say a word;
but I am satisfied we have not got it unless we
stay here all night. The idea was not to my
mind that we were to go home, but that we
would go into executive session and try to dis-
pose of the executive business in which we
made some slight progress in the afternoon.
I think if we intend to adjourn on Monday, and
we cannot help it, because we have come to an
agreement between the two Houses, the only
way in which we can avoid being called 'to-
gether again is to go on with the executive
business and dispose of it; and I really do not
think that private claims, for they are all pri-
vate, atthis period of the session, when thenext
session is so near, should interfere with the
general business of the country which is clearly
of more importance. I will move, therefore,
that the Senate  
Mr. STEWART. Let me pass my little bill
first.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That "little bill" is of
no more importance than any other; and if I
were to give way to everybody who wants to pass
a little bill we shou'd neverget through. lam
willing to let the Senate decide. If there is
time enough to go on with these bills I am
perfectly content. I only make the motion
with reference to getting through and disposing
of the business that is absolutely indispensable.
I therefore move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. STEWART. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. IIOWE. I desire to have the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me we had
better not go into executive session now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not debateable.
Mr. CAMERON. I beg pardon ; I thought
it was.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Ferry, Fessendcn, Hend-
ricks, ilcCreery, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
I'omeroy, liamsey, Sherman,Sprague,Sunmer, Trum-
bull, Welch, and Yates—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Cole, Conkling,
Conness, Oorhett, Doolittlo, Drake, Fowler, Frelinff-
huysen, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, McDonald,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Patterson of Tennessee,
Sawyer, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Viokere, Wade,
Willey, Williams, and Wilson—27.
ABSENT —Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard,
Chandler, Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Edmunds, Grimes,
Henderson, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Norton. Osborn.Pool, Bice, Robertson, Boss, Sauls-
bury, Van Winkle, and Whyte—22.
So the motion was not agreed to.
MAJOR F. F. STEVENS.
Mr. HOWE. I now renew my motion to
proceed* to the consideration of House bill
No. 1322.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (Ii.R.No.1322) fortherelief of
Major F. F. Stevens, assistant paymaster Uni-
ted States Army. It directs the proper account-
ing officers of the Paymaster General's office
and the Treasury Department in the settlement
of the accounts of Major F. F. Stevens, late an
assistant paymaster of the United States Army,
to credit to him the sum of $3,078 03 as of the
1st April, 1807, for that amount of public money
in his hands on that day, lost by the burning of
the steamer Alabama on the Mississippi river,
provided they are of opinion that the allowance
should be made.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
A. W. WALKER.
Mr. HOWB. I move to proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate joint resolution No. 9.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 9) in favor of A. W.
Walker was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to A. W. Walker, of
Tennessee, the full amount of pay allowed by
law to a captain of infantry for one year, less
§750, the amount received by him while acting
as scout and spy for the Union Army.
Mr. HOWE. The report in that case is
adverse. I move that the joint resolution be
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL Oi? POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. STEWART. I appeal to the Senator
from Wisconsin to give way for one moment
to allow me to pass a little bill removing the
disabilities of two members of Congress. The
House have added one other name and we pro-
pose to add another.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to pass a little
pension bill.
Mr. STEWART. If you object to this bill
when it is read we will not pass it.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we ought to re-
lieve those two members of Congress.
Mr. HOWE. I have no objection if this
business is not postponed.
Mr. STEWART. I move, then, to take up
House bill No. 1446.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill*(H. R. No. 1440) to relieve
from legal and political disabilities Simeon
Corley, .1 ohn Milledge, and Michael Hahn. It
proposes to remove all legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the United States upon
Simeon Corley, a citizen of South Carolina ;
John Milledge, of Augusta, Georgia, and
Michael Hahn, of New Orleans, Louisiana.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, in line six, after
"Louisiana," to insert " and P. M. B. Young,
of Georgia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after " South Carolina," in the
fourth line, the following:
And all county officers elected under the new
constitution of the State of South Carolina at tlio
"reccnt election in that State, so far as such officers-
elect rest under such disabilities.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear from
the Senator a statement in regard to that
amendment. ,
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, there are
