1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1833
houses, and the consequence is that men
sending vessels to sea cannot procure salt at
their own homes, and they have to go else-
where from, home or to Halifax. The result
is they do go to Halifax and get salt. The
object of the bill is to enable the Secretary of
the Treasury to provide for these men getting
salt at their own homes, and to save to the
Treasury money which would otherwise be
lost.
The bill was received, read a first and second
time, ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Washington's farewell address.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution:
Remitted, That in honor and commemoration of
the Father of his Country, this being the anniversary
ot his birthday, his memorablo Farcw ell Address be
read by the Clerk of this House, and upon its conclu-
sion, this House adjourn.
Mr. BROOMALL. I object,
Mr. WASHBURNE of Illinois. Let it be
postponed until three o'clock.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It was the understand-
ing with gentlemen on the other side I should
have unanimous consent to offer that reso-
lution.
Mr. BROOMALL. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. SPALDING. I renew it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine having yielded, the latter part of the res-
olution, that the House adjourn, is in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I make that motion. It
was the understanding with gentlemen on the
other side who knew the feeling there that when
I withdrew objection to the bill of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts unanimous consent
should be aceoided to the submission of my
resolution.
Mr. SPALDING. They had no right to
speak for ail the members on this side.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then, in honor of the
day, I move the House adjourn.
Mr. PETERS. I wish to state that it was
the understanding that all objection was to be
withdrawn, and I did not suppose any gentle-
man was going to object to the introduction of
the resolution of the gentleman from Wis-
consin. I was assured that the understanding
was pretty general. Of course any gentleman
can object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I move that the
House adjourn in honor of Washington.
Mr. MILLER. 1 give notice that I shall
demand a separate vote on the reading of the
Farewell Address and the motion to adjourn.
Mr. PIKE. I hope the objections will be
withdrawn. Let the gentleman present his
resolution and have a vote upon it.
Mr. BLA1N E. lie merely wants a vote on it.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I would like to address
a question to the Chair : if this resolution is
brought to the consideration of (ho House
without objection will it not bo in order then
to postpone it, or so to amend it that the read-
ing of the Farewell Address of the Father of
his Country can be listened to next week, as
there will be business of more importance be-
fore the House to-day? [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAINE. Or at a later hour of the
Mr. INGERSOLL. If that is satisfactory
to the gentleman 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will not east contempt on this question by any
such suggestion. It is disgraceful to him as
well as the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer the
question of the gentleman from Illinois. If
the House receives the resolution by unani-
mous consent the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Milleii] has demanded, as it is his
right to do, a separate vote on the reading of
the Farewell Address, and after that on the
motion to adjourn. But if the resolution shall
be introduced by unanimous consent, and the
gentleman from Wisconsin does not demand
the previous question on agreeing to it, then a
motion to postpone or lay on the table, or any
other parliamentary motion, would be in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not intend to call
the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. If the resolution is intro-
duced by unanimous consent cannot any mem-
ber insist on the Farewell Address being read?
The SPEAKER. If it is introduced and
agreed to he can.
Mr. SCHENCK. I objected, and I do not
withdraw the objection.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I then move that the
House adjourn in honor of Washington.
The question being put and appearing to be
lost,
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. PETJ3RS. I believe I did not yield the
floor for a simple motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood dis-
tinctly that the gentleman did yield.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KERR. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Tuesday
next at twelve o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. KERR. And on that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 29, nays 117, not voting
53 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Barnes, Barnum,
Burr, Chanler, Fox, Getz, Gio^sbrenncr, (Jrov(:r,
Haight, Ilolman, Hotchkiss, Richard D. Hubbard,
Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCoriuick,
MeCullough, Morgan, Mungon, Pruyn, Ross, Sit-
greaves. Van A uken, Van Trump,and Woodward—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
lie I o;s It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks,
Beatty, Benton, Blaine, Blair, Bromwell, Broomall,
Buekland, Butler, Cary, Churchill, Header W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode,
Cuiloin, j Dodge, liri'.r.':-', Kckley, ivr;'!esf.on,
Eldrid're, Kimi, Feiriss, IViry, Fields, Golladay,
Gravely, IIaboy, Harding, Hawkins, iiiptby, Hill,
Hooper, Hopkins, AsaUcl n\ liubbaul, Chester X).
Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd,
Julian, Kellcy, Kelsey, Jyotchairi, Kitchen, Lailm,
George V. Lawrence, Wilham La-wrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Logan, Loughridgc, Lyneli, Mullory, Marvin,
McClur?, Mercnr, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Mor-
rell, Mullins. Myers, Newcomb, Nnmi, O'Neill, Orth,
Perham, Peters, Phelps, Tike, Pile, Plants, Poland,
Polsluy, Price, Randall, Rauni, Sawver, Schenclt,
Seoiield, Shank-*, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Aaron 1'. Stevens, Stokes, Taber, Talie, Trowbridge,
Twiclicil, Upson, Van Acrnam, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Ward, EiihuB, Washbnrne, William 13. Wash-
burn, V/eikor, Thomas Williams, James I1'. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wmilom, Wood,
and Woodhridge—117.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Bailey, Baldwin,
Beam an, Beck. Benjainin.Binghain.Boutwell, Boyer,
Brooks, Cake, Dixon, Donncily, Ela, Farnsworth,
Finney, Garlic id, Griswoid, Hulburd, Jenckes,
Koontz, Maynard, McCarthy, Morrissey, ixiblack,
.N icholson, Paine, Pomeroy, Robertson, Robinson,
Sclye, Shellabarger, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart,
Stone, Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Homy X>. Washburn, and William Wil-
liams—53.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to ad-
journ, on which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas SC. nays 106, not voting
17; as follows:
TEAS —Messrs. Adams, Axfnll, Barnes, Burr,
Chanler, Eldridge. Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golla-
day, Grover,Haight, Hoiman,Hotchkiss, Humphrey,
Johnson, Jones, K> ri, Knott, MarsIACll,McCorniick,
McCulloch, Morgan. Munscti.Phelps, l'ruyn, Ran-
dall, Ross, Sitqreaves, Stewait, Stone. Taber, Van
Auken, Van Trump, Wood,and Woodwind—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell.
Deios R. Ashley, James M. A.-bley. Baker, Banks,
Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blame. Blair, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buekland, Butler. Cary. Churchill,Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Co'ob. Coburn, Cook, Cor-
nell, Covode, Cuiioni,Hodge, Drifts, Eckley, Eggles-
ton, Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry, FieicU, Gravely, Halsey,
Harding, Hawkins, Higby, Hill, Hooper. Hopkins,
Cfiester I). Hubbard. Hunter, Ingei-soll, Judd, Julian,
Kclley, Kelsey, Ketcham, ivikhen, Lallin, George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan,
Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead,
Morrell, Mullins, Myers, Ncweomb, O'Neill, Orth,
Perham, Peters, Pike, Pile, Poland. Polsley, Price,
Raum, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Smith,
Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes,
Taffc, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Thomas Williams, James I".
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wis-
dom, and Wood bridge—106.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Archer, Bailey, Baldwin,
Barnum,Beaman, Beck, Benjamin,Boutwell, Boyer,
Brooks, Cake, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, El a, Farms-
worth, Finney, Garfield, Griswold, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenckes,
Koontz, Maynard, Morrissey, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Nunn, Paine, Plants, Pomeroy, Robertson, Bobin-
son, Selye, Shellabarger, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor,
Thomas, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Burt
Van Horn, Van Wyek, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Henry D. Washburn, Welker, and William Will-
iams—47.
So the House refused to adjourn.
SAMUEL PIERCE.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs, un-
der the operation of the previous question, on
ordering the bill for the relief of Samuel Pierce
to be engrossed and read a third time, on which
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] is
entitled to the floor for one hour to close the
debate.
' ADMISSIONS TO THE HALL.
Mr. PETERS. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Boyer.]
• Mr. BO YER. I ask unanimous consent that
the families of members, who are unable to
procure seats in the galleries, be allowed to
occupy the cloak-rooms on this day.
Mr. COBB. I object. [Cries of "No, no."]
unlawful use of public money.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentle-
man from Maine yield to me?
Mr. PETERS. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to intro-
duce, that it may be put upon its passage, a
bill to prevent and punish the unlawful use of
public money and property.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that if any officer of the United States
or any other person having possession or con-
trol of any public money or property of the
United States, or any person in the employ or
subject to the direction of any such officer or
other person, shall, by loaning, depositing, or
otherwise, use or dispose of the same or any
part thereof for his own benefit or for the ben-
efit of any other person without authority of law,
he shall be deemed guilty of felony, and, on
conviction, shall be punished by a fine not
exceeding double the amount so unlawfully
used or disposed of and by imprisonment at
hard labor not less than one year nor more
than fifteen years.
Mr. HOLMAN. How does that bill come
before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not yet before the
House. The gentleman from Iowa asks con-
sent to report it from the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The Chair mis-
understands the position of the bill. I do not
ask to report it from the Committee on the
Judiciary. I ask leave to introduce it.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will ask
for objections.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holmak] will hear my
statement he will see that it is substantially the
same as that made by the Speaker. _
I submitted this bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary. It was not referred to them by the
House because I have had no opportunity to
introduce it, but upon its being submitted to
the committee they unanimously concurred m
its provisions and asked me to present it to
the House. It grows out of a defect m the
law of August 6,1846, to provide for the better
organization of the Treasury and for the col-
lection, safe-keeping, transfer, and disburse-
ment of the public revenue. That portion of
the sixteenth section, to which this bill relates,
is as follows:
And le it further enacted, That all officers and other
persons charged by this act or any other act with
