1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it is ascertained that these stamps may be put
upon a smooth surface of wood with an adhe-
sive substance and covered with a transparent
varnish, so as to prevent abrasion or destruc-
tion by water, and that engraved stamp will be
evidence that the whisky sold has paid the tax.
If whisky is found traveling without such evi-
dence of course it is to be presumed to be
whisky with the tax unpaid.
Some gentlemen may say here that the com-
mittee acted, perhaps, a little partially in this
matter as between Mr. Clark, of the Treasury
Department, and other persons. I desire to
explain that this is not the invention of Mr.
Clark, or of any other person ; but it is a com-
bination of ideas first agreed upon by the com-
mittee before any engraver knew anything
whatever about it. Then an engraver was
called in to see whether he could execute such
a stamp according to the ideas of the com-
mittee. This is another portion of the system
which may or may not be adopted, depending
upon the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Each of these stamps—the specimens that I
now exhibit—has a hole through it and a thin
piece of tissue paper upon the back of it, the
whole being engraved together, as upon one
sheet of paper. It will adhere to the wooden
surface of the barrel, so that it is impossible to
take the stamp off without tearing the' tissue
paperand revealing that the stamp has been re-
moved ; so that it cannot be transferred from
one barrel to another.
These are things which are left, of course,
to be carried out in the administration of the
law. All that the committee undertook to sat-
isfy themselves of was that such a thing was
practicable, and then to provide that those
charged with the administration of the law
should adopt something of the sort.
Mr. STEWART. Can the gentleman state
the number of gallons of whiskey now in bond
and upon which no tax has been paid?
Mr. SCHENCK. Itamouuts at this time to
between twenty and twenty-five million gallons.
Mr. STEWART. One other question.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is a little over twenty-
five million gallons. It has been increasing
lately.
Mr. STEWART. If the bill as reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means is passed
will not the owners of those twenty-five mil-
lion gallons of whisky have a monopoly of the
trade in whisky at a tax of sixty cents a gal-
lon, while that hereafter made will have to pay
a tax of a dollar a gallon?
Mr. SCHENCK. We have made a provis-
ion in our bill, as the gentleman will see, that
every gallon of this whisky shall be taken out
of bond, and the tax paid upon it in one hun-
dred days. That settles the matter at once, so
far as the payment of the tax upon that whisky
is concerned. But there may be some advan-
tage to those men who hold whisky free from
this special tax, for that is what I suppose the
gentleman refers to.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is a matter, how-
ever, which we cannot help. Every change in
the law benefits somebody and injures some-
body.
Mr. STE WART. Will not this change ben-
efit the whisky ring?
Mr. SCHENCK. _ It is impossible to do any-
thing with the law without treading upon some
one's toes and helping others, though it may
not be intended. That was one of the reasons
why I was very reluctant to give up the two-
dollar tax. I think in many cases there is
more harm done by frequent changes of the
law than by adhering to the law, though that
law may not originally have been the best that
might have been enacted. But as we finally
determined to change, and come down to a
lower rate of taxation, we concluded that-swe
would make the complete change at once.
And I kuow of no way in which we can pre-
vent, some persons from getting some benefits,
and some persons from suffering some injury,
in the transition from one law to another.
Mr. BO (JT WELL. I would ask the gentle-
man whether it would not. be practicable for
the committee to propose amendments by
which whisky 011 hand in bonded warehouses
shall be subject to a duty additional to the
sixty cents per gallon, which shall substantially
meet the requirements of the case?
Mr. SCHENCK. That may possibly be
done. But then there is another thing to be
considered : there is very little honest tax-paid
whisky out of the bonded warehouses now
already manufactured ; and in the endeavor to
do justice to the Government and as between
individuals by putting an additional duty upon
that which i-s in bond you would at the same
time confer a great benefit upon those who are
holding illicit whisky, whisky the tax upon
which they have defrauded the Government
out of, which whisky is outside of the bonded
warehouses.
I do not know that there is any other matter
connected with this article of distilled spirits
about which gentlemen care to inquire. I will
now submit a few words of explanation in
relation to the article on tobacco.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time assigned by
order of the House for general debate has now
expired. The bill will now be read by sec-
tions for amendment.
The first section was read, as follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That there shall be lovied and collected on all
distilled spirits on which the tax prescribed by law,
has not been paid, a tax of sixty cents on each and
every proof gallon, to be paid by the distiller, owner,
or any person having possession thereof; and the tax
on such spirits shall be collected on the whole num-
ber of gauge or wine gallons when below proof, and
shall ho, increased in proportion for any greater
strength than the strength of proof spirit as defined
in tins act; and any fractional part of a gallon in
excess of the numberof gallons in aeask or package,
shall be taxed as a gallon. Every proprietor or pos-
sessor of a still, distillery, or distilling apparatus,
and every person in any manner interested in the
use of any such still, distillery, or distilling appara-
tus, shall be jointly andseverally liable for the taxes
imposed by law on the distilled spirits produced
therefrom and the tax shall bo a first lien on tho
spirits distilled, the distillery used for distilling the
same, the stills, vessels, fixtures, and tools therein,
and on the lot or tract of land whereon the said dis-
tillery is situated, together with any building there-
on, from the time said spirits are distilled until the
said tax shall be paid.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move to amend the
first clause of this section, which provides for
the tax per gallon on distilled spirits, by strik-
ing out "sixty cents" and inserting "fifty
cents ''
Mr. INGERSOLL. I liope the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] will consent that
the committee now rise.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 have occupied so much
time m explaining this bill, that I am willing
to move that the committee now rise, and I
will then submit to the House the question
whether they will or will not have night sessions
after to-night.
The motion that the committee rise was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the.chair, Mr. Blaine
reported that the Committee of the Whole 011
the state of the Union pursuant to the order of
the House had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 1284, to change
and more effectually secure the collection of
internal taxes 011 distilled spirits and tobacco,
and to amend the tax on banks, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate having proceeded in pursuance of the
Constitution to reconsider the bill entitled "An
act to admit the State of Arkansas to repre-
sentation in Congress," returned to the House
of Representatives by the President of the
United States with his objections, and sent by
the House of Representatives to the Senate with
the message of the President returning the bill,
have resolved that the bill do pass, two thirds
of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
tBAVK 01? ABSliNCB.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. CiiuiiCHii.i,.
ORDER FOR EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now ask unanimous
consent that after to-day and until the tax bill,
now in Committee of the Whole, be disposed
of, the House shall hold evening sessions, tak-
ing a recess daily from half past four until
half past seven o'clock.
Mr. HARDING. With the understanding
that no other business but the tax bill shall be
considered.
The SPEAKER. No other business can be
transacted except by unanimous consent.
Mr. KERR. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose indicated.
The rules were suspended; and the order
was made accordingly.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the order was made; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, informed the House that that
body had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
264) to' provide for the sale of the site of Fort
Covington, in the State of Maryland.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 536) for the
relief of Elizabeth Carson, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
CAPTAIN CHARLES N. GOULDING.
Mr. COBB. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee of Claims
Senate bill No. 251, for the relief of Captain
Charles N. Goulding, late quartermaster of
volunteers.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object.
Then, 011 motion of Mr. INGERSOLL,- (at
five o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER; A remonstrance of R.
McKechnie, president, and John Collins, sec-
retary, inclosing resolutions of National Typo-
graphical Union, against the proposed copy-
right law.
By Mr. DONNELLY : A memorial of Wil-
liam L. Banning, D. W. Ingersoll, JohnL. Mer-
riam, and others, citizens of St. Paul, Minne-
sota, for the improvement of St. Mary's river
and St. Mary's ship-canal; also, a similar
memorial from the Chamber of Commerce of
St. Paul, Minnesota.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Richard
Borden and others, citizens of Fall River,
Massachusetts, praying that the collector of
customs at Fall River may have an increase of
salary.
By Mr. HUMPHREY: A memorial of the
cigar manufacturers and dealers in Buffalo,
New York, remonstrating against the increase
of the internal revenue tax on cigars.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of
Bue'hanan & Fogg, of New York city, con-
tractors for carrying the United States mail on
route No. 6435, asking for increased allowance
for such services.
By Mr. LINCOLN: The remonstrance of
W. H. Baldwin and others, of Watkins^ New
York, against an increase of the tax on cigars.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of 326 citi-
zens of the State3 of Missouri and Iowa, asking
for a grant of land to aid in the construction
of the Iowa and State Line railroad.
By Mr. TWICHELL; The petitions of book-
binders and printers of Boston, Massachusetts,
representing that the productive interests of
the country are suffering and its industry p<1''
alyzed for want of protection against the
cheaper labor and capital of foreign coun-
