1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2357
if accepted by the House, does degrade the
gentleman from Illinois. The Chair, therefore,
thinks that, if those words should have that
construction, the remarks of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] are not out
of order.
The Chair, however, does not think the re-
marks cif the gentleman from Massachusetts
out of order. He is compelled to so decide
upon his own sense of the language that was
uttered upon Saturday. The Chair then said,
as will be seen by reference to the Daily Globe:
"The Chair will state to the gentleman from Min-
nesota that these remarks are not honorable to the
House of Representatives, of whichheisa member."
If they are dishonorable to the House of
Representatives, of which all of us are mem-
bers, the gentleman from Minnesota, the gen-
tleman from Illinois, the Speaker, and the
rest of the members, then they are certainly
degrading. The Chair said on Saturday that
they were dishonorable to the House of Rep-
resentatives ; his statement was not then ques-
tioned ; he is of that impression still.
If the gentleman has a right to defend him-
self when assailed in that tender point, his
character, he should remember that he owes a
duty to the House of Representatives, of which
he is a member, and that if he does anything
dishonorable or offensive the whole House is
injured almost as much as himself.
The Chair, therefore, rules that the remarks
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] are not out of order, for they certainly
are correct, in the first construction, that the
language of the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Donnelly,] if correct, was degrading to
thegentlemanfrorrt Illinois, [Mr.wasuburne.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, it was furthest
from any intention of mine to have transgressed
any rules of debate in the remarks I was
making deprecating what I believed to be a
gross violation of the rules of debate on Satur-
day last.
I am not upon the floor at this time to defend
either the gentleman from Minnesota or the
gentleman from Illinois. It was not my pur-
pose in rising to say one word in defense of
either of them. The gentleman from Minne-
sota had a right to his defense against the
severe letter which he had read at the Clerk's
desk. I do not complain that he chose to
defend himself upon this floor. But I have a
word to say in reference to the phraseology of
# the resolution offered by his colleague, [Mr.
Wisdom,] and to the remarks of the gentleman
himself [Mr. Donnelly] upon the floor this
afternoon. The preamble of the resolution
recites, as worthy of denunciation by this
House, remarks made by the gentleman from
Illinois in his place on Saturday last in reply
to the gentleman from Minnesota. I now beg
the attention of members of this House one
moment, to see whether they are in a condition
to pass any vote that by implication will cen-
sure the gentleman from Illinois for the remarks
he made on Saturday.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAW7ES. Not quite yet; I am afraid,
if I do, I shall be out of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. VVixdom] is entitled to the floor
whenever be chooses to resume it.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman ean take me
from the floor when he pleases.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish the gentleman to
answer a question.
Mr. DAWES. I will do so when I have
concluded my remarks. I know I hold the
floor subject to the gentleman from Minnesota,
aud he can resume it whenever he pleases.
The gentleman from Minnesota who made"
the remarks on Saturday [Mr. Donnelly] has
arisen in his place to-day and apologized to the
Speaker and to the House for his unparliament-
ary remarks. Now, Mr. Speaker, although
the gentleman from Minnesota puts his apology
upon the ground that in the heat of the provo-
cation he, as many of us might be, was led to
say many things which, upon cool and calm
consideration of the subject, he would not have
said ; yet if you look over the Globe you will
see that he has corrected his remarks in a
cooler and calmer time than when upon the
floor and under the provocation of the unjust
letter, as he, no doubt, deemed it, which he had
read at the Clerk's desk. He has corrected
both the Associated Press report and the Globe
report; and he has corrected the Associated
Press report in some particulars and the Globe
report in others. Hence I assume that the
gentleman, having looked his remarks all over
in his calm moments, has concluded to let them
go to the country as we find them in the Globe.
And his colleague objects to the resolution of
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] on the
ground that it is now too late, because the de-
bate has gone into the Globe, to relieve our-
selves from the imputation of putting into our
permanent records this debate of Saturday.
Now, Mr. Speaker, before this resolution is
acted on, let me ask the attention of this House
to what the gentleman from Minnesota has
chosen to leave in the Globe report, and after-
ward I propose to inquire whether his colleague,
or any other member of this House who sat
here and permitted him to utter even what is
left in the Globe without calling him to order,
did not by silence and acquiescence accord to
the gentleman from Illinois the opportunity to
reply in as severe language as he could com-
mand ?
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman give
way a moment?
Mr. DAWES. When I get through.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to say that the
gentleman misapprehends entirely my resolu-
tion, and all his argument is based upon that
misapprehension. He says that a portion of
the resolution casts an imputation upon the
gentleman from Illinois. I do not so under-
stand it. It simply recites the letter of the
gentleman from Illinois and the remarks which
he made here, and proposes the appointment
of a committee to investigate the truth of those
charges. The House, by the adoption of that
resolution, will -not decide anything with refer-
ence to the truth or falsity of the charges.
The resolution conveys no imputation what-
ever upon the gentleman from Illinois. I
desire that there should be no such imputa-
tion. The resolution contains nothing to which
the gentleman's remarks can apply when he
speaks of its casting an imputation. Hence
what he proposes to submit is not in order
upon this resolution. He misunderstands my
resolution, or else I do. For this reason I
wanted to stop the gentleman a few moments
ago.
Mr. DAWES. Let us see what the resolu-
tion says:
And whereas the said Eliot B. Washbcrxe did,
on the 2d day of May, 18GS, m his place on the floor
of the House of Representatives, repeat said charges
against said Ignatius Doxnli.ly in the following
words—
I omit a part of the language quoted and
pass on t.0 read that which strikes me as justi-
fying what I have said:
" Sir, if X were to be called upon—and X desire to
say only this—if, undci any press of circumstances,
I were ever to bo culled upon to make a personal ex-
planation here, and in reply to a member, it would
not be a member who had committed a crime; it would
not be a member who had run away ; it would not
be a member who had changed his name; it would
not be a member whose whole record in this House i
was covered with venality, with conuptiou, and j
with crime.,l j
I do not know for what reason this is in- j
serted in the preamble if the sole object of [
the resolution is to have a committee appointed
to investigate the charges of crime contained
in the letter. What I wished to say was this :
the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly]
has apologized to the House and to the Speaker
for the language which he used, and put his
apology upon the ground of the heat of debate
and the provocation of the letter which was
read. Now, I ask the House, before it votes
upon this question, to listen 
Mr. WINDOM. I have yielded to the gen-
tleman for a considerable length of time, but
I desire now to say that I object to his pro-
ceeding in this line of remark for two or three
reasons.
^ The gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Wisdom] has the right to resuma
the floor.
Mr. WISDOM. The gentleman is very
sensitive, as we all are, about spreading sucli
remarks as these upon the record, yet he de-
sires now to read the remarks, thus incorpo-
rating them a second time into the Globe and
necessitating a second expunging resolution,
if the gentleman's idea is correct.
But the gentleman says that there is an im-
putation against the gentleman from Illinois
contained in this last clause which he has read
from the gentleman's speech as quoted in the
resolution. So far as that is concerned, if the
gentleman's own letter and his own speeches,
simply quoted- without comment, convey an
imputation upon him, then the gentleman from
Massachusetts is correct. Otherwise he is
entirely at fault in his construction of that
resolution; for there is in the resolution noth-
ing which in any way commits this House to
I the truth or falsity of the charges. Now, sir,
f think that upon this resolution a discussion
of my colleague's speech is not at all in order
and should not be allowed here. I object to
it. because it has no connection whatever with
the subject, and I wish to bring this matter to
a conclusion as soon as possible.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman take me
from the floor ?
Mr. WINDOM. I object to your reading
the speech.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman says that if
the speech of the gentleman from Illinois is
an imputation upon the gentleman from Illi-
nois, well and good, for it is nothing but the
speech which he has quoted in his resolution.
1 was remarking upon the very fact that he
should arraign the gentleman's speech of Sat-
in day. He attempted first, if you will recol-
lect, to prevent the gentleman from Illinois
from replying at all on Saturday, and then upon
reflection withdrew his point of order. He has
embodied in his resolution that speech which
the gentleman from Illinois made, and I was
about to say that the House permitted the gen-
tleman from Minnesota, with or without what
was in its judgment sufficient provocation, to
utter upon this floor what they could not have
permitted him to utter without according to
the gentleman from Illinois permission to
reply in just as severe language as he could
employ. And I desire to satisfy the House
that it must be so by reading the provocation
given to the gentleman from Illinois, and which
you yourselves allowed to be given.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question that we may understand one
another, and to preface it by a remark.
The question at issue in this resolution is a
question of fact—are these charges made against
my colleague true or not? Now, does the gen-
tleman propose to read here a portion of the
speech of my colleague bearing upon that ques-
tion? Nothing that my colleague said upon
Saturday would justify the gentleman from
Illinois in telling an untruth and publishing it.
The gentleman's argument can have no other
bearing than that. The gentleman from Illinois
may have been justified in making severe re-
marks. If lie wants to get up and do as my
colleague has done, make an apology to the
House for such remarks, he has my permission
and yours to do so. But it certainly cannot bear
upon this resolution, no matter what my col-
league may have said. The question is, are
these charges—which are charges of crime
against my colleague—true or false ? That is
all there is in the resolution. I say that the
speech of my colleague can have no bearing on
that question, and hence 1 object to its being
read.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman takes me
from the floor, of course, I must stop.
Mr. WINDOM. I do so far as that is con-
cerned.
Mr. DAWES. Well, now, I appeal to the
gentleman from Minnesota if he proposes 
