4406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
some fifteen or sixteen county officers who
have been elected by the people of South Car-
olina who cannot qualify on account of their
being thrown out by the fourteenth amend-
ment. It is absolutely necessary that their
disabilities should be relieved in order that
the places may be filled. If new elections are
ordered we will be obliged to elect the same
class of men, and the offices will have to go
unfilled until the next session of Congi'ess. It is
in that view alone that I bring the amendment
before the Senate at this time.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I see no reason against
extending this amendment to all these recon-
structed States. If the principle is correct as
to South Carolina, it must be equally correct
as to the other States. Where people of a
State under the reconstruction laws, or of any
particular district, have selected an officer to
discharge some local office there, it seems to
me there is no public objection to permitting
him to discharge its duties. Otherwise, we
narrow the popular privileges. Now, after
having confined the right of suffrage within
narrow limits, so far as the white population
are concerned, after having secured the incor-
poration in the new constitution of a very
severe test, as we know to be the fact, because
they have been laid before us, it seems to me
it will be proper for Congress to relieve the
people of all those States from the inconven-
ience under which they suffer, which prevailed
in South Carolina to that extent that the hon-
orable Senator has offered an amendment
applying to that State.
Mr. STEWART. With the permission of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, it would hardly
be fair to the Senator from Wisconsin, who has
a special order, to have a matter of this kind
brought before us for discussion. There will
be more or less discussion upon it; and I hope
the Senator from South Carolina will withdraw
the amendment for the present, and put it on
some bill where it can be considered in con-
nection with that subject, inasmuch as the
House are desirous to relieve these members
of Congress, and permit them to take their
seats.
Mr. SAWYER. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I must call attention to a
case very well known, occurring in the House
at the present session, the case of John Young
Brown, of Kentucky. Ileie is a bill relieving
the political disabilities of certain gentlemen
elected to the House of Representatives, as I
understand. Now, we have had sent to us,
among the published documents of the House,
the case of John Young Brown, who, it seems,
acted with the Union side during most of the
war, but was held by the House not to be able
to take the oath of July 2, 1862, because he
made a certain speech.
Mr. STEWART. Let me state to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania the tacts with regard to
this particular bill. There was one Democrat
elected on the Democratic ticket, Mr. Young,
of Georgia, and although he is a Democrat,
elected on that ticket, and was a rebel general
in the war, yet he is recommended by General
Grant and General Meade, and the Reconstruc-
tion Committee of the House have just sent a
letter here requesting the passage of the bill
•with the insertion of his name, and the Senator
from Ohio has also sent several letters on the
subject. I hope, therefore, that the Senator
will let the bill go through with a Democrat
and a Republican. There is nothing unfair
about this particular bill, and I hope it will
not interfere with the business of the evening.
I ask the Senator not to press an amendment
on this bill, or debate it. We shall have some
other measure before us which we can discuss.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I shall not occupy time.
I am not accustomed to speak at great length
after exhausting the merits of the points. Here
is a bill, 1 repeat, to relieve disabilities of mem-
bers elected to the present House, and here is
a well-known case, perfectly familiar to the
Senate, coming within this class. The amend-
ment which was offered by the Senator from
South Carolina, which has been withdrawn,
related to a different class of persons entirely,
local officers selected in the southern States.
I call attention to a case of a member elected
from Kentucky to the House of Representa-
tives, and I submit that in agreeing to this bill
from the House it will be but reasonable to
include all the known cases falling under the
same general character clearly. This case of
Mr. Brown, of Kentucky, is one of much more
merit, so far as I understand it, than these other
cases. His was not the case of an officer who
had served in the rebel armies, not the case
of a man who had taken persistently a position
against us during the whole war, and con-
tributed to the extent of his ability and of his
influence to its success  
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator give way to
a motion to lay this bill on the table?
Mr. BUCKALE W. Oh, no, sir. 1 am almost
done. I simply want, to state the case with
reference to the amendment I propose to sub-
mit, and I do not intend to detain the Senate
long.
In the case of Mr. Brown, at a time when
Kentucky had very foolishly assumed a posi-
tion of so-called neutrality, whensheintendedto
stop the torrent of war by assuming and main-
taining an independent attitude, Mr. Brown,
in a public speech, spoke of resisting the en-
trance of Federal troops as well as of confed-
erate troops within the limits of that State. It
was a mistaken policy which he and others
adopted ; but it was temporary; it was for the
moment; and that position was abandoned by
him, and his loyalty afterward during the real
pressure of the war was unquestioned. And
yet he was precluded from taking the iron-clad
oath and taking his seat because of that speech
made about the time of the outbreak of hostil
ities, and when the fact was that he abandoned,
along with the great mass of the inhabitants
of his State, the position they proposed to
assume.
Now, sir, I propose to amend the bill by
adding to the other names the name of John
Young Brown, of Kentucky. Then we can
send the bill back corrected to the House, and
applying to all cases of members elected to
the present House of Representatives of those
several States; and by this amendment we
shall include the most meritorious of all the
cases which have been brought to our notice.
In that form I have no objection to voting for
the bill. I think it is but reasonable that
where the people of those States have chosen
men to the House of Representatives, and
thereby indicated to us that they are persons
of merit, loyal to the Government, relief should
be afforded; but it is manifestly unjust and
unfair to select out some cases and to leave
others unprovided for by our law.
Mr. HOWE. I move that this bill lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes 33, noes 7.
SALLY C. NORTHROP.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
722. for the relief of Sally C. Northrop.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill.
Mr. HOWE. The bill has been read here-
tofore.
The bill was reported to the Senate'without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
A. G. OLIVAR.
Mr. HOWE. T move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No
1300.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. li. No. 1306) for the
relief of Captain A. G. Olivar. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Captain A. G. Olivar the sum of S2,010, beiitg
the full amount stolen from him the 13th Of
May, 1804, which was Government funds.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
THOMAS W. MILLER.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
^ ... /tj
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (idr.
R. No. 1305) for the relief of Captain Thomas
YV. Miller was considered as in Committee o-f
the Whole. It proposes to direct ^ the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Thomas W.
Miller, late captain and acting aid to briga-
dier General L. Cutler, late of the Army of the
Potomac, the sum of $529 88, in full for mili-
tary services from the 13th of May to the ith
of August, 18G3, inclusive, and for private
horse killed in action at the battla of Gettys-
burg.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
GEORGE W. BRIDGES.
Mr. HOWE. I move ttaat the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill N&.
834.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (EL
It. No. 831) for the relief of Hon. George
W. Bridges, a member of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides for payment by
the Treasurer of the United States to Hon.
George W. Bridges, late a member of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress from the State of Ten-
nessee, of $1,68-3 10, in full compensation and
payment of his claim for pay as a member of
the Thirty-Seventh Congress, deducted for loss
of time, occasioned by his arrest by rebel
authority while on his way to the capital.
The bill was reported to the "Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PALEMON .10HJJ.
Mr. HOWE. House bill No. 485?, passed
some time since, for the relief of Palemon
John. A motion to reconsider was entered.
I should like to have that motion now dis-
posed of.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to make an
explanation. I have the papers in that cast-
at my room and have read them through. I
have also obtained a statement from the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue in relation to
the account on which the question arises. I
had intended to compare them and bring the
papers over here. As I understand, the only
evidence of the amount is the oath of the ap-
plicant. I propose^ to do this, to examine
these papers, and bring them over to-morrow,
and with a brief statement I will then submit
the question to the Senate. I will agree to
call it up myself to-morrow. It will take bat
a moment.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will bear in mind
that I have reminded him of this case several
times, and it is getting to be near the close of
the session. I hope he will not disappoint me
to-morrow.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly not.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust my colleague Will
not object to the passage of This bill, "it is a
perfectly fair bill. The man is an officer of
the Government; he put the money in the
post office, and had the letter registered, and
the money was seen by the postmaster : it was
lost m the mail. My colleague knows all the
facts.
Mr. BUCKALEW. My colleague will be
fully satisfied to-morrow with reference to the
subject, _ I do not want to go into an explan-
ation of it now. I assure him he will be en-
tirely satisfied.
Mr. CAMERON. Yerv well.
^J^UJENT pro temp'-rre. This bill
will be laid aside for the present.
