3382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23;
tries; that customs duties, which were suffi-
cient under a high gold premium to create and
foster manufactures, have become inadequate
and must shortly prove ruinous ; that much of
the distress now prevailing would be relieved
by the legislation suggested in the report of
Special Commissioner Wells, as perfected in
the tariff bill passed by the Senate, which
failed in the House March, 1867, and praying
that Congress will resume consideration of
that measure and enact it into a law at the
earliest practicable moment.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 23, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. E. S. Taylor, D. D., of
Brooklyn, New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. YATES presented a memorial of Dar-
nielle & Grout, and others, cigar manufacturers
of Alton, Illinois, praying Congress to author-
ize the use of revenue stamps instead of inspect-
ors' stamps, and to retain the tax on cigars at
five dollars per thousand ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOWARD. I present the petition of
Charles Foster and numerous others, soldiers
of the war of 1812, living at Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, in which they say that the sol-
diers of the late civil war have been rewarded
with a munificence unexampled in the history
of nations. They received, in most instances,
bounties hitherto unheard of; liberal pay and
sufficientclothingfrom the Government. Cities,
counties, and States vied with each other in
contributing to their comforts, and the nation
did immortal honor to itself in thus rewarding
its gallant defenders. But they ask how it is
with the soldiers of 1R12? They did not receive
one cent of bounty; the volunteers provided
their uniforms, the officers their side arms, and
the militiamen their clothing at their own
expense. They were not paid till four or five
months, or even a longer period, after the
Government alleged they were discharged;
whereas the soldiers of the late war were paid
wheu discharged in par money, while those
who served in thewar of 1812 received depreci-
ated Treasury notes for their services, and the
privates only eight dollars per month. They
pray, therefore, that the surviving officers and
privatesof the warof 1812 mayreceive pensions
and be inserted upon the pension-roll. I move
that the memorial be referred to the Committee
on Pensions, and I venture to call the special
attention of the committee to this eloquent
memorial.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I present the petition of
William Notson, M. D., and others, citizens
of Philadelphia, in the State of Pennsylvania,
■who state that in order to encouragc the vol-
unteers and militia to prompt and energetic
action, and as an act of justice to the survivors
of the war of 1812, all who served in that war,
whether as soldiers or sailors, or were actually
engaged in action, and the surviving widows of
any who have died, or who may hereafter die,
should be placed on thepension-rollof the Uni-
ted States, it now being fifty-threeyears since the
termination of the war, while the soldiers who
served in the revolutionary war with Great
Britain were placed on the pension-roll in 1818,
being only thirty-five years after peace was
deslared. I move the reference of this petition
to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
B. Wilkins and twenty citizens engaged in the
business and commerce on Lake Superior, ask-
ing a grant of lands for the extension of the
Portage Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal to
Keweenaw bay; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSENpresented thepeti-
tion of George C. Hutter, formerly a paymaster
in the United States Army, praying to be
relieved from the payment of certain money
deposited by hitn in banks in the so-called con-
federate States, and seized and used by the con-
federate government; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying that
pensions be granted to the soldiers and sa>ilors
and the widows of soldiers and sailors of the
war of 1812; which-was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. PERRY presented the petition of Linus
Parmelee, a soldier of the war of 1812, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I, in common, I think,
with every other Senator here, have received a
petition which purports to come from citizens
of the county of Philadelphia, residing at
Chestnut Hill, in the State of Pennsylvania,
which represents what -my honorable friend
from Michigan [Mr. Howard] read, and is
signed by fifteen or twenty persons, none of
whom I know, and none of whom, according
to the statement in the petition, are soldiers
or widows of soldiers of the war of 1812. I
do not know anything as to the authenticity of
the petition; but inasmuch as the right of
petition is sacred, I will assume that it is au-
thentic, and move that it be referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CATTELL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying that pensions be
granted to the soldiers and sailors of the war
of 1812, and the widows of such as have
deceased ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present a petition of
citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that pensions be granted to the soldiers
and sailors and the widows of soldiers and
sailors in the war of 1812, similar in character
and place of paternity to those presented by
other Senators. I move that this petition be
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I present a remon-
strance of between seventy and eighty non-
commissioned officers and soldiers of the Army
stationed in this city, setting forth the fact that
they have been residents of this city for more
than a year, and residents of the fifth ward
of the city for more than three months, having
no other residence, and no right to vote any-
where else than in the city of Washington ;
that without a hearing or an opportunity to
establish their rights their votes have been
denied them at the recent municipal election ;
and that a bill recently passed by the Senate
cuts them off from a proper hearing to estab-
lish their right. They therefore present their
petition to Congress, that they may have a
hearing before this body. I suppose it is
proper that their petition should go to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
1 move that reference.
The motion was.agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of
Anna 11. Voorhees, widow of Commodore
Philip F. Voorhees, United States Navy, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of
Joel llyatt, praying for compensation for
property taken for the use of the Government;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of
Thomas Symmes, praying for an honorable
discharge from the United States Navy ; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
papers withdrawn.
On motion by Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN,
it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Lizzie R.
Smith bo withdrawn from the files of the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 768) concerning the rights of
American citizens in foreign States, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. SUMNER. At the same time I am
directed to report back to the committee a
large number of petitions and^ resolutions of
public meetings and State Legislatures, relat-
ing to the same subject, and ask to be dis-
charged from the farther consideration' thereof.
The committee were so discharged.
Mr. FERRY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 530) relat-
ing to patents, to report it back without
amendment, and with a recommendation that
it pass. I desire to call up this bill for its
passage at some time this session at as early
a day as possible. I therefore call the attention
of Senators to it.
Mr. CORBETT. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask its present consideration:
Resolved, That the. Committee on the Judiciary.be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of reporting
a bill securing the right to Indians in sucn manner
that they may testify in eases of murder, manslaugh-
ter, rape, &e., as between whites and Indians.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 desire to state that I
hold in my hand a letter from an Indian agent
in Idaho Territory, setting forth a case of mur-
der wherein an Indian was murdered by a
white man, and where the case was tried in
the court there twice, and the white man was
acquitted in consequence of the Indians not
being allowed to testify. I desire to submit
the letter with the resolution and call the at-
tention of the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary to the case.
The resolution was adopted.
bills introduced.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 564) for the relief of Hulnigs Cowper-
thwaite and Enoch H. Vance, ana for other
purposes; which was read twice by its_ title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 565) to authorize the Sec-
retary of State to adjust the claim of G-ustavus
J. Cushman for office rent while commissioner
under the reciprocity treaty ; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
566) to authorize a bridge to be constructed
between Boston and East Boston ; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce ; and
I will simply say to the chairman of the com-
mittee that the Legislature of Massachusetts
have authorized the construction of a bridge,
and this is to see whether Congress will sanc-
tion the act. I call his attention to it, without
committing myself in anyway to the measure.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
election of senators.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If there be no further
morning business I move to take up Senate
bill No. f>38, relating to the election of Sen-
ators. It will pass without any objection, I
suppose.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber permit me to say, before the bill is taken
up, that I have received a note from my col-
league [Mr. ViCKEP.s] stating that he is very
much indisposed, and is detained from the
SeifaBe in consequence of it at his residence in
Maryland. He hopes to be here in a few days.
The motion of Mr. Edmunds was agreed to;
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 538) in
addition to an act to regulate the times and
manner of holding elections for Senators in
