2358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
Mr. WINDOM. I have yielded several times
to the gentleman from Massachusetts; I yield
now to the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
WOODBRIDGE. j
Mr. DAWES. Did the gentleman from
Minnesota yield to me upon condition that I
should subordinate myself to his views of my
duty upon this floor?
Mr. WINDOM. I yielded to the gentleman
as long as I thought he was entitled to it, and I
now yield to the gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will not
second the previous question on this resolution.
Mr. WINDOM. Jf the gentleman is here
acting as the friend of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, I hope that because of my refusal to let
him occupy my time the House will not refuse
to investigate the charges which his friend has
made.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Min-
nesota is willing to yield the floor to me long
enough, I will say that 1 am here as no man's
friend; I am not hero to oppose any investiga-
tion, but I am not here to see in silence the
gentleman from Minnesota to day, as he did on
Saturday, play prochciu amy to his colleague
and justify his colleague in any unparliamentary
and vituperative language that he pleases to use
and then shut, off every one else from reply.
Mr. WINDOM. I will ask the gentleman on
what grounds he makes any such charge?
Mr. DAWKS. I will tell the gentleman,
lie sat here on Saturday and never opened his
mouth while the speech of his colleague was
made which he savs here now has no justifica-
tion whatever, and the moment the gentleman
from Illinois opened his mouth in reply he
called him to order, and was only persuaded
to withdraw it by the intervention of his own
friends. And to-day, the moment any com-
ment is made upon the provocation for the
severe language of the gentleman from Illinois,
which language he has incorporated in his
resolution, ho asserts his prerogative to take the
floor from the member who thus comments.
Mr. WINDOM. I acted as the prochein
amy of ray colleague no more than the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, who sat here and
heard the language used.
Mr. DAWKS. I did not undertake to stop
either gentleman.
Mr. WINDOM. It was not my business
more than his to call my colleague t® order.
Mr. DAWKS. The gentleman came to his
sense of propriety very completely afterward.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WINDOM. Well, then, I went further
than he did. I called one gentleman to order;
ho did not call either of them to order. There-
fore, in that respect, I stand better before the
House than he does.
So far as the language of my colleague is
concerned, the gentleman from Massachusetts
says that 1 have condemned that language here
to-day. Sir, if my colleague is guilty of what
the gentleman from Illinois charges upon him,
then I also shall condemn him. I condemn
the language of my colleague, in so far as it
may be considered m violation of good taste ;
on that ground it may be considered objection-
able to the House. But I do not to--day con-
demn my colleague for using the severe language
which he used against the gentleman from Illi-
nois on Satuiday ; and I shall not condemn him
until the gentleman from Illinois proves him
guilty. Then I shall commend everything the
gentleman from Illinois has written about him.
But if the gentleman from Illinois shall fail,
under this resolution, to prove the charges he
has made against my colleague, then I shall ex-
pect every member of this House to use as
strong language against him as my colleague
has done. That is as far as my condemnation
of my colleague goes.
I now yield to the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Woodbridge] for a few minutes.
Mr. Y\~Q0DBR1DGE. I am quite happy
that the little altercation between the gentle-
man from Massachur-ctts [Mr. Dawes] and
the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. W indOm]
has passed away so pleasantly. For at one
time it had assumed so serious an aspect that
there was every prospect of another resolution
of censure or of expulsion to be acted upon by
the House.
Now, sir, I am not going to discuss the res-
olution of my friend from Minnesota. When
the vote comes to be taken upon it I shall vote
according to the dictates of my own judgment.
I am rather pleased that this matter has cope
before the House, because with my education
and my instincts I have thought, ever since 1
have been here, that it would be far more com-
mendable in members of this House, and far
more creditable to their constituencies and to
the country, if they would conduct themselves
in debate, and upon all occasions, with that
spirit and that courtesy that become gentle-
men. The efforts and the action of this House
would have greater effect npon the country and
we would be far more respected than we are
to-day if wo would observe in our debates and
our discussions that courtesy and that polite-
ness which ought to bo in the nature of every
man who has a seat here.
I rise merely to say a word or two, because
my name was mentioned in the speech of the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. DonxblltJ
the other day. He is a personal friend of mine,
and for him I entertain the highest respect,
lie said, in the course of his remarks :
" Why. ho told the gentleman from Vermont fMr.
AVoodbridge] the other d;iy that every cori upt and
protliKato measure that was pressed in this body mot
with his support."
Sir, if ho had told that, and I had heard
it—well, it may be improper for me to say
that " I would meet him here or elsewhere."
[Laughter.] But I should have taken that
course which every true-hearted Yankee takes
when his integrity is questioned and his per-
sonal character is aspersed. I know that my
friend from Illinois did say what he ought not
to have said, and I was irritated by what he
did say. But I knew the gentleman ; I knew
the ruling motive for his conduct, that upon
which ho based his fame; it was economy.
Ho was here as the faithful representative of
the Government.
Now, I do not want to be misunderstood,
because I say here, that it may go to the coun-
try, there could be no more useful man on the
Committee on Appropriations than the gentle-
man from Illinois. His style is not my style.
I am rather more liberal and free in the appro-
priations of the money that flows from the
Treasury than the gentleman from Illinois, I
have no doubt; still I do that which I deem to
be right, and nothing more. I accord to the
gentleman frpm Illinois the same credit that I
claim for myself. Only it does seem to me that
once in a while, when a poor woman comes
here asking the payment of a debt which the
Government owes her, or a poor orphan pleads
for a few hundred dollars in payment of as just
a debt as I should owe if you, sir, had "loaned
me money, the gentleman from Illinois should
not get up in his seat and cry " robbery" and
' '• peculation'' and' 'destruction to the country.''
Such things do not accord with my taste, though
they are in accordance with the taste of the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. MULLINS. I rise to a point of order.
I want to know whether it is now the order of
this body that members shall have the privi-
lege of getting up and slangwhanging each
other at pleasure?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
remark of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Mciiiss] in regard to " 6langwhanging" is
not in order. [Laughter.]
Mr. MULLINS. I rise to another question
of order. Is it the rule of this House that a
member must speak to the subject under discus-
sion, or may he brow-beat or lecture another
member at pleasure?
The SPEAKER. It is the rule that in
debate a member must confine himself to the
question before the House.
Mr. MULLINS. That is what I supposed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. MULLINS. I want it enforced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order raised by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Mullixs,] that the geutle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Woodbridge] must
confine himself to the resolution, which pro-
poses the appointment of a committee to in-
vestigate certain charges made against the gen-
tleman from Minnesota.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I did notqnite under-
stand the point raised by the gentleman from
Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. The point was that the
official conduct of the gentleman from Illinois
in relation to appropriation bills, &c., is not
the subject of consideration before the House.
The question is the resolution proposing an
investigation of the charges made against the
character of the gentleman from Minnesota.
Mr. WINDOM. I cannot yield to the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Woodbridge] for
anything out of order.
Mr. DAWES. I am glad that the gentle-
man from Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom] has recov-
ered his consistency.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. It does seem to me,
Mr. Speaker, that gentlemen who have lis-
tened to the speeches of other gentlemen will
not consider me so far away from the subject
as does my friend from Tennessee. That gen-
tleman, in his remarks, is always pertinent to
the subject, always lucid, always logical, al-
ways eloquent. I have never raised any point
of order on him, because I always like to see
a gentleman who gets up a good head of steam
go through to the end.
But now I will come to the point, and will
say, so far as I myself am concerned, that a
month or two ago a question came up here in
regard to increasing the pay of the employes
of the House, which I favored. I naturally
would do so.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Speaker, I again rise
to a point of order. [Laughter.] I have
already raised the point that the gentleman
should address himself to the subject under
discussion ; but he is drifting away again upon
a different matter, intimating, however, before
he drifts away, that I from the South can raise
the steam, while he from the far North cannot
get steam enough, he is so frozen up. [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER. No point of order in re-
gard to that remark was made at the time, and
it is too late to make it now.
Mr. MULLINS. Well, I insist on the other
point, that the gentleman shall confine him-
self to the subject under discussion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont must address himself to the resolution
proposing an investigation of the charges
against the character of the gentleman from
Minnesota.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Will it be in order
for me to say a word in regard to the reference
made to me on Saturday by the gentleman
from Minnesota, [Mr. Doxnelt.t?]
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the
Chair, it would not be, if a point of order
should be raised, because the speech of the
gentleman from Minnesota is not embodied in
the resolution or in the pending amendment.
Hence it cannot properly be made the subject
of discussion.
Mr. \\ OODBRIDGE. I should like to say
a word or two on that subject, it 1 thought mv
fervid friend from Tennessee [Mr. Mus.uxs"!
would not raise a question of order; but 1
suppose he would do so: and I may as we'd
abandon the effort.
Mr. WINDOM. I am requested by gentle-
men all around me to call the previous ques-
tion, and with one additional remark I will
do so.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Will the gentleman
allow me to add a single sentence?
Mr. WINDOM. Yes, sir.
_ Mr. WOODBRIDGE, I will merely say,
in justice to the gentleman from Illinois, that
made a remark respecting me, which
I thought at the time entirely improper, and to
