eoo
SUPPLEMENT TO
made it. They assumed that the history of the
world would be before the country. They as-
sumed that the history o{'English jurisprudence
would be known or could be known to Ameri-
can citizens. In other words, they assumed
that there was and would continue to be a cer-
tain amount of knowledge and information in
the world, and therefore that it was not neces-
sary for them to provide in the Constitution
that the decisions made by the members of the
Supreme Court of the United States should be
binding upon their successors in office. They
knew just as well as you know that the prac-
tice of English judges had been for centuries
to regard a decision by a judicial tribunal in a
case carefully considered, and especially in a
case that had continued for any length of time,
as an authority from which it was not safe in
the administration of the law to depart.
Now, the argument I make before you is,
that as the Constitution of the United States
does not specify that the decision of the judges
shall have all the binding force of authority in
the land—and yet it has that force—this act of
Congress,- although it does not say so in refer-
ence to the opinions of the Attorneys General
any more than the Constitution does in refer-
ence to the decisions of the judges of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, yet. upon
any fair construction, upon any legal intend-
ment, under this act of 1789, the opinion of
the Attorney General may be regarded by the
President, and by all others who have anything
to do with that opinion, as a valid authority,
and that it is sufficient to justify his action in
any given case that may be covered by that
opinion.
What is the provision of the act of Septem-
ber 21, 1789, section thirty-five ? (1st volume
Statutes-at-Large, page 93, and 1st volume of
Brightly's Digest, page 92.) It is provided by
that section—
"That thcro shall be appointed an Attorney Gen-
eral tor the United States, who shall bo sworn or
affirmed to aiiuthful execution of his office, whoso
duty it shall bo to prosecute and conduct all suits in
tUo Supreme Court in which the United States shall
be concerned, and to frivo his advice and opinions
upon questions of law when required by the Presi-
dent of tho United States, or when requested by
the heads of any of the Departments touching any
malters that may concern tueir Departments," &c.
When you take the two provisions together;
first, the provision of the Constitution that the
President may call upon the principal officer m
each executive department for advice and opin-
ion, and second, the provision of the act of 1789
that he may call upon this officer of the law,
the Attorney General, for advice and opinion,
I maintain that when that advice and opinion
are given they are by virtue of the Constitu-
tion and the law binding upon the President
of the United States ; and that even if they
were not given in reference to the particular
removal of Mr. Stanton, yet if they were given
in any case on all fours with his, if they were
given in any similar case, these opinions are
in the nature of judicial opinions, and they are
a perfect shield and protection to the President,
if I can bring his act in this particular case
within the spirit and meaning of any of them.
Now, without commenting on these opinions
or detaining the Senate by reading tiiem at
length, I will present a few without comment;
lor it I were to undertake to comment upon
each opinion as to the power of appointment
and the power of removal it might take up
more time than would be advisable. Trusting
to and bclievingin the intelligence and discrim-
ination of the Senate, I will give tliem the
substance of the positions assumed, as I under-
stand, by the different Attorneys General who
have given their opinions upon the question.
In the first volume of the Opinions of the
Attorney General, page 031, it will be seen that
General Swartwout's commission (under the
act of May l.>, 1820, to limit the tenure of cer-
tain offices) as navy agent at New York ex-
pired during the preceding session of the Sen-
ate, and ilr. Wirt, Attorney General, gave an l
opinion, on the 22d of October, 1823, addressed (
to the Secretary of the Navy, in which he held i
that the words iu the Constitution, "happen I
during the recess of the Senate"—and this, I
think, will be a good answer to a portion of the
argument offered by the honorable Manager
who spoke yesterday—are equivalent 1o the
words " happen to exist," and that " the Presi-
dent has power to fill during the recess of the
Senate, by temporary commission, a vacancy
that occurred by expiration of a commission
during a previous session of that body."
In the same volume, page 213, will be found
another opinion of Mr. Wirt. The register
of wills held his office under a commission
during the pleasure of the President. Mr. "Wirt
in his opinion, delivered on the 15th of June,
1818, held that where an act of Congress gives
the President the power to appoint without
designating the tenure by which the office is
to be held it is during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident. That is the advice and opinion of one of
the most eminent lawyers, and one of the most
gifted orators, that ever lived in the United
States. He says:
" If the President had no right toissuesuch a com-
mission the commission is void, the office vacant, and
the President has nowaright to commission another
poison anew. If, oil the contrary, the President had
the right to issue such a commission, he has on the
face of that commission the power of removal and the
authority to reappoint."
In the second volume of Opinions of Attor-
ney's General, page 333, will be found an opin-
ion of Mr. Berrien, given on the 2d April, 1830,
in which he held that—•
" Tho appointment of a navy agent during tho
recess of the Senate, made ill tho case of a vacancy
occurring during the rcccss, is in tho cxerciso of tho
constitutional power of the President, and not by
force of the act of 3d March, 1809; and tho constitu-
tional limitation of such appointment is to the end
of tho succeeding session of Congress, unless it bo
sooner determined by the acccptance of a new com-
mission made, under an appointment by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate."
Mr. Legare, in an opinion, on the 22d Octo-
ber, 1841, declared that—
" Xhe Constitution authorizes tho President to fill
vacancies that may happen during tho recess of the
Senate, oven though a vacancy should occur after a
session of the Senate has intervened. The executive
power of removal from office, as indicated in tho
argument of Mr. Madison, delivered in the First
Congress, drawn from tho character of executive
power and executive responsibility and the irresist-
ible necessity of the case, has been acquiesced in by
tho whole country."
Again, in the fourth volume of Opinions of
Attorneys General, page 218, will be found the
opinion of Mr. Attorney General John Nelson,
on tho 9th of August, 1810, iu Lieutenant
Coxe'scase, where the applicant was heard by
counsel, a proceeding, as 1 suppose, somewhat
rare in the Attorney General's office. In that
opinion he declared, referring to the case of
Mat-bury en. Madison, that—
"Even after confirmation by the Senate the Presi-
dent may, in his dii>o clion, \vilUhold a commission
from the applicant; and until a commission to signify
that the purpose of the President lias not been
changed the appointment isnotfully consummated."
All oi'these eases, without stopping to com-
ment upon them, you will see have more or
less bearing on the question under considera-
tion. Now indulge me, if you please, while I
read extracts from an opinion of Mr. Critten-
den. to be found in the fifth volume of the
Opinions of the Attorneys General, page 290.
It is infinitely a better argument than any which
I can present. You will see that he neces-
sarily travels over the same beaten path that
wo are compelled to travel over in this case ;
and I think it is a matter of very great conse-
quence that in this case we do show that the
path is so well known and so much traveled
that there can be no mistake about it.
Upon the question submitted by the President
whether he had authority to remove from office
the chief justice of the Territory of Minne-
sota, erected by the act of March 3, 1849, who
had been appointed for four years, Mr. Crit-
tenden, in his opinion of the 23d of January,
1851, after referring to Chief Justice Marshall's
opinion in the American Insurance Company
vs. Canter, (1 Peters, 546,) where it was held
that these were not constitutional but legisla-
tive courts, created in virtue of the general
right of sovereignty which exists in the Gov-
ernment, said what i will now read. I propose
to give you the language of Mr. Crittenden, one
of the ablest statesmen who ever sat in these
Halls, a man without fear and without reproach,
ainanof a splendid, gigantic intellect, "faithful
among the faithless" under all circumstances;
one whose opinions', asl respectfully thiuk, are
entitled to the highest degree of credit. This
opinion was delivered in the meridian of his
life, when he was. in the full possession of his
mental powers, and when there could be no
mistake as to the force and effect to which any
production of his mind was entitled. He said :
"Being civil officers appointed by the President
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
and commissioned by the President, they are not ex-
cepted from that executive power which, by the Con-
stitution, is vested in the President ox the United
States over all civil officers appointed by him, and
whose tenures of office are not made by the Consti-
tution itself more stable than during the pleasure of
the President of the United States. That the Presi-
dent of the United States has, by the Constitution of
the United States, tho power of removing civil offi-
cers appointed and coinmissioned^by him. by and
with the advice and consent of the foenate, where the
Constitution has not otheiwise provided by fixing
the tenures daring good behavior, has been long
since settled, and has ceased to be a subject of con-
troversy or doubt. In the great debate which arose
upon that question in the Ilouse of Representatives
shortly after the adoption of the Constitution, Mr.
Madison is reported to have said 'it is absolutely
necessary that the President should have the power
of removing from otliee; it will make him, in a pecu-
liar manner, responsible for their conduct and sub-
ject him to impeachment himself if he suffers them
to perpetrate, with impunity, high crimes or misde-
meanors against the United States, or neglects to
superintend their conduct, so as to check their ex-
cesses. On the constitutionality of the declaration
I have no manner of doubt.' And the determination
of Congress was in accordance with his views and has
since been invariably followed in practico by every
President of the United States."
And in the same opinion (page 291 of the
same volume) Mr. Crittenden said:
"The power of removal is vested by the Constitu-
tion in the President of the United States to promote
the public welfare; to cnablehim to takecarethatthe
laws be faithfully executed; to make him responsi-
ble if he suffers those to remain in office who aro
manifestly unfit and unworthy of public eoiilidencc."
Again, Mr. Cashing in the 8th volume of
Opinions, page 238, in an elaborate opinion in
regard to the Navy efficiency act of the 28th
February, 1855, held—
" That the President of the United States possesses
constitutional power to dismiss officers of the Army
or Kavy coextensive with his power to dismiss exec-
utive or administrative officers in the civil service of
the Government."
Again, Mr. Speed, in his opinion of April
25, 1865, addressed to Secretary McCulloch,
declaring th'at the act of 1865, vesting the power
of appointment of assistant assessors in the
respective assessors is unconstitutional, argues
that it is the duty of the President to make the
appointment; and I ask you, Senators, to pay
special attention to this opinion, for I suppose
that Mr. Speed stands very high in some quar-
ters of the [Jiiited States. This opinion is not
in any of the printed volumes of opinions; I
have a certified copy of it which i placed in
the possesion of Mr. Stanbery, and which can
be at any time produced before the Senate ; but
I vouch for the correctness of the extract which
I am about to read:
"It is his [the President's] duty to do all he has
lawful power to do when the occasion requires an
exercise of authority. To do less on such an occa-
sion would be pro tanto to abdicate his high offieo.
The Constitution is the supreme law—a law superior
and paramount to any other. If any law be repug-
nant to the Constitution it is void."
This bears not only on the civil-tenure bill,
but it is square up to all the questions the gen-
tlemen on the other side have argued in con-
nection with it. Here is the opinion of the
adviser of the President's predecessor, a man
whose opinion was on file, a man in whose
judgment he had the right to conlide, for be it
known and always kept in remembrance that
the President of the United States is not him-
self a lawyer,* he never studied the legal pro-
fession : he has no claims or pretensions to
know anything about it; but in the discharge
of his official duties he has the right to consult
the legal adviser who is placed there to guide
and direct him upon questions of law by the
Constitution of the country and by the act of
1789. If he finds an opinion on file in his
