THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
office, or if he finds it recorded in any reported
volume of the opinions of the Attorneys Gen-
eral, it is, and is properly, a guide, a precedent
which he may safely follow ; and it is such an
opinion as will protect him against any impu-
tations of unlawful or improper motives- Par-
don me for reading this again, so that you may
have the whole of it in unbrolten connection :
" It is his duty to do all ho has lawful power to do
when the occasion requires an exerciseof hisauthor-
ity. To do lets on such an occasion would be, pro
tanlo, to abdicate his high offiee. The Constitution
is the supreme law—a law superior and paramount
to any other. If any law be repugnant to the Con-
stitution, it is void; in other words, it is no law."
And, Mr. Chief Justice, if you see proper
in the discharge of your duty to comply with the
respectful request which has been presented
to you to deliver an opinion upon any of the legal
questions which are involved in this case, 1 most
respectfully ask you to consider this opinion
of the Attorney General, and to declare that it
is sound doctrine "that if any law be repug-
nant to the Constitution it is void; in other
words, it is no law." Now, allow me, Mr.
Chief Justice, to call your attention to the
closing sentence of this opinion of Mr. Speed,
which I think is the very essence of the law :
"Itis the peculiar province of the judicial depart-
ment to say what the law is in particular eases. But
before such case arises, and in the absence of author-
itative exposition of the law by that department,
it is equally the duty of the ofliccr holding the exec-
utive power of tho Government to determine for the
purposes of his own conduct and action as well the
operation of conflicting laws as the unconstitution-
ality of any one."
There is an opinion from an Attorney Gen-
eral who is not a member of the Cabinet, not
a "serf" of the President, who gave his opin-
ion before or about the time the present incum-
bent came into the presidential office. There
is his opinion placed upon the records of one
of the departments of this Government, to
stand and to stand forever, so far as his opin-
ion will go, as a guide to the highest executive
officer in the Government, declaring that if a
law is unconstitutional in the view of the Pres-
ident it is no law at all, and he is not bound to
follow it. He declares that the President has
the right, in the absence of any judicial expo-
sition, to construe the law for himself. I need
not tell this Senate that this is no now doctrine.
Senators, within your day and mine there was
an executive officer of the United States who
was. as they say the present incumbent is, a
man of strong will, a man not possessing any
great advantages of education or of mental
culture, but still a man of strong intellect and
of determination just as strong as his intellect.
You all remember Andrew Jackson, a name
that was once potent in the United States. No
name was ever more powerful in this Govern-
ment of ours from the time of its foundation
down to the present day than the name of
Andrew Jackson. "There were giants in
those days" when Andrew Jackson was at the
head of the Government of the United States.
Andrew Jackson exercised the power of re-
moval, and his right to do so was called in
question by some of the ablest men who ever
sat within the Senate of the United States. It
was discussed and learnedly discussed ; and
yet he peisevered in his determination. Ho
maintained the power and authority of the
President of the United States to remove from
office and to make appointments, and you all
recollect the scene that occurred and which
made the history of this body memorable.
A resolution was introduced into the Sen-
ate—1 belie\e it was occasioned, in part at
least, by the removal of Sir. Duane—to the
effect that the President of the United States,
in his late proceedings, had violated the Con-
stitution of the United States. That resolution
passed the Senate: but a gentleman who is now
no more, one whose name is woll known in the
political history of the United States, Mr.
Benton, took up that subject. I have not re-
clined to the history of the debates with suffi-
cient accuracy to tell how long it was that he
continued to agitate the question, but my recol-
lection is that it was for several years; and I
remember, as all these Senators will remem-
ber, the remarkable expression which Mr.
Benton used: "Solitary and alone I set this
ball in motion." He determined that that res-
olution censuring the President of the United
States should be expunged from the records
of the Senate; and he debated it time and
again with tremendous eneigy and power, until
at lust the resolution was expunged from the
Journal of the Senate of the United States.
So far as there is any recorded judgment within
my knowledge that is the last rccord. It is a
record in favor of the power of removal. There
was " the sober, second thought" of the Sen-
ate. There was a recision of a resolution that
reflected upon the character and upon the ac-
tion of General Jackson ; and, so far as that
record goes, it is in favor of the power and
authority which I have argued for. There can
be no controversy in regard to this.
Now let us see how far we have progressed
"in this argument. I have shown you the opin-
ions of Mr. Madison and Mr. Sedgwick and
others in the debate of 1789. I have shown
you the opinions of Kent and Story, two of
our ablest American commentators. I have
shown you opinions of Attorneys General, emi-
nent in their profession and standing high in
the confidence of the country. I have shown
you the action of the American Senate in the
expunging resolution. I thus present to you
what 1 may call, in the language of Judge
Story, an unbroken current of authority in
favor of the proposition that not only the civil-
tenure bill is unconstitutional, but that the
President has the right to remove from office.
I mean to say that the principles maintained by
them would lead to that result, that he has the
power of removal which he claims in his answer.
And I maintain, Senators—forgive the repe-
tition—that whether he is right or wrong in
this, this current of authority for near eighty
years is sufficient to throw protection around
him ; and when I showyou, as I have done from
the opinion of Mr. Speed, that in.the absence
of any judicial determination it is the sworn
and bounden duty of the President of the Uni-
ted Slatesto judge of a constitutional question
for himself, I do not present to the Senate any
novel doctrine. It is not forme to say whether
the doctrine is right or wrong. My opinions
are of no sort of consequence in this Senate.
If my arguments are well founded, and if they
are well supported, they will have weight and
influence with you ; ifnot, they will be lejected.
So it is not necessaiy for me to say what I
think upon these questions ; but I maintain that
this is nola novel doctrine in the United States.
I told you yesterday that the present President
is a Democrat of the straightest sect. 1 told
you that he was really nominated as a Demo-
crat in the convention that nominated Mr. Lin-
coln and himself for President and Vice Presi-
dent. That was nota Democratic convention,
I know. It was a convention composed of Union
men without any reference to the old lines of
demarkation between Whigs and Democrats.
That was a convention which had assembled to-
gether f'orthepurposeof sustaining Mr. Lincoln,
and whose view and opinion was that by sustain-
ing Mr. Lincoln and the measures of his admin-
istration they would sustain the strong arm
of the Government in putting down the rebel-
lion, which had not then been brought to a con-
clusion. In his letter accepting the nomina-
tion, as I told you yesterday, President John-
son remarked that he was a Democrat!
Senators, I will read to you the opinions of
Mr. Jefferson and General Jackson presently;
but before I do that let me call your attention
to the effect of this political training of tho
President of the United States. \on must
always bear that in mind. You must go to his
stand-point and look at things as he looked at
them and judge of them as he judged of them,
for you are now in sea.reh of motive; that is
what you are frying to determine in this case.
You are in search of the question of inten-
tion ; and when you judge of his conduct in that
way, and when you remember that he is a Demo-
crat of the Jefrersonian and Jacksonian school,
if I can show you, as I will presently show you,
that Mr. Jefferson and General Jackson under-
took to construethe Constitution of the United
States for themselves, and claimed that as ex-
ecutive officers they had the right to do so, I
show you that according to the political train-
ing and education of the President of the United
States it is a doctrine in which he might well
believe; and especially when you have Mr.
Speed's opinion that I have read confirmatory
of that doctrine, it furnishes a sufficient vindica-
tion and protection of the President as to the
exorcise of his judgment.
Let us see what Mr. Jefferson and General
Jackson said on this subject. Mr. Jefferson,
if I understand him correctly, carried his doe-
trine much further than the present President
of the United States carries it. I will refer
to the sixth volume of Mr. Jefferson's works,
page 461, and I will read a part of a letter
of his there to be found, from which you
will see he goes a bar's length beyond the
present President of the United States in the
views that he entertains. The President has
told you that he was anxious to have the ques-
tion between him and Congress settled by the
judicial department. But what were Mr.
Jefferson's views? He, as you all very well
know, and the world knows, was the author
of the Declaration of Independence and one
of the greatest of the revolutionary minds. In
the letter to which I have referred, to Mr.
Torrance, he said :
" The second question, whether the judges are in-
vested with exclusive authority to decide oil tlie con-
stitutionality of a law, has been heretofore a subject
of consideration with me in the exercise of official
duties. Certainly there is not a word in the Consti-
tution which has given that power to them more than
to the executive or legislative branches. Questions
of property, of character, and of crime being ascribed
to the judges, through a definite course of legal pro-
ceedings, laws involving such questions belong, of
course, to them; and us they decide on them ulti-
mately and without appeal, they, of course, dotnde
or themsthea. Xhe constitutional validity of the law
or laws again prescribing executiveaetion, and tobe
administered by that branch ultimately and without
appeal, tho executive mustdccido for themselves also
whether underthe Constitution they arc valid or not.
So al>o as to laws governiiiK the piocecdings of the
Legislature, that body mustjudge/o)' itxelf I he consti-
tutionality of the law, and equally without appeal or
control liom its coordinate branches. And, in gen-
eral, that branch which is to act ultimately and with-
out appeal on any law is the rightful expositor of the
validity of the law, uncontrolled by the opinions oi
the other cooidinate authorities."
So that, if I correctly apprehend Mr. Jeffer-
son's ineaaiing in this letter, he goes a bar's
length beyond the right asserted by Mr. John-
son in his answer in this case:
"It may be said that contradictory decisions way
arise in such ease, and produeo inconvenience. This
13 possible, and is a necessary failing in aif human
proceedings."
He goes on to show, in this letter to Mr.
Torrance, that such contradictory decisions
had arisen and no special harm had resulted ;
but I do not deem it material to occupy your
tune with reading at length. In the seventh
volume of Mr. Jefferson's Works, page 135,
he says, in a letter to Judge lloane:
"My construction of the Constitution is very dif-
ferent from that you quote."
I1 do not read the rest, because there is so
much reading necessary to be done in the
argument of the case that I am really fearful
of wearying your patience, and I take it that it
is not necessary for me to do so, because the
mere mention of this letter will call it up to
the recollection of Senators, and you will re-
member the connection. I only read so much
of it as bears upon the point which I am en-
deavoring to illustrate :
" My construction of the Constitution isvery differ-
ent from that yuuquotc. It is that each department
is truly independent of the others, and has an equal
risjht to decide for itself what .is tho meaning oi toe
Constitution in the enses submitted to its action ; and
especially where it is to act ultimately and without
appeal. I will explain myself by examples wmcli,
having occurred while 1 was in olliee, are better
known to me, and the principles which governed
them."
I deem it unnecessary to read further from
this letter. The point is, that in this letter he
asserts that " each department is truly inde-
pendent of the others, and has an equal light
to decide for itself what is the meaning of tho
