1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1335
SAMUEL PIERCE— AGAIN.
Mr. SPALDING. I insist on the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
passage of the bill for the relief of Samuel
Pierce.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The morning hour then expired.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the rules be suspended, and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Schenck in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the special
order, being House bill No. 078, making ap-
propriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States for the
year ending June 30, 1869.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the first reading of the bill will be dispensed
with.
Mr. TIOLMAN. I object.
The bill was accordingly read through for
information, after which it was read by para-
graphs for amendment.
The bill appropriates for invalid pensions,
under various acts, $10,000,000 ; for pensions
of widows, children, mothers, fathers, brothers,
and sisters of soldiers, as provided for under
various acts, $20,000,000 ; and for pensions
of invalids, widows, and children, and other
relatives of officers dying in the line of duty,
$350,000.
The Clerk read the second and last section
of the bill, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all moneys
and securities appertaining to a fund now known as
the " naval pension fund," and all other moneys and
securities which by law have been heretofore paid
into such fund, and which, if this act had not been
passed, would hereafter accrue thereto, shall be cov-
ered into the Treasury of the United States and be-
come a part of the surplus fund of the Treasury; and
all Navy pensions shall be hereafter assumed by the
United States to be paid from the Treasuryin accord-
ance with appropriations made by law.
Mr. PIKE. I raise the point of order that
that is independent legislation, and changes
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN'. The Chair is informed
that when this bill was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union
there was no point of order reserved. There-
fore the point cannot now be entertained.
Mr. PIKE. I then move to strike out that
section. I will state the reasons why I do so.
It is proposed here, upon an appropriation
bill, to abolish the pension fund of the Navy.
Gentlemen are aware that this pension fund is
now in the Treasury of the United States, en-
tirely without the control of anybody but the
Treasurer of the United States ; that its accu-
mulations can only be reached under the au-
thority of the Congress of the United States,
as it from time to time designates who shall
share in its proceeds. That pension l'und has
arisen thus far from the sale of prizes. I will
read the law under which that fund was estab-
lished. It is the aet of July 17, 18G2, section
eleven, and it provides—
"That all money accruing or which has already
accrued to the United States fromsaie of prizes shall
be and remain forever a fund tor the payment of
pensions of officers, seamen, and marines who may
be entitled to receive the tame."
If anything can constitute, a contract on be-
half of the United States it is such language
as that. The Congress of the United States by
that aet said that whatever money should be
received from this source should be and forever
remain a pension fund for this special purpose.
It is proposed now to take that pension fund
and carry it with the other public moneys into
the Treasury. Whatever may have been the
policy at that time of creating such a fund,
whether wise or unwise, it is a fund created by
contract, and I submit to the House that now,
upon an appropriation bill, without further
consideration to change the existing law and
to enact that hereafter the Government shall
pay out of any of its moneys, whenever it may
have the money, whatever pensions it deems
best to pay, is simply and only a breach of
faith on the part of the Government.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Chairman, it becomes
my duty to give the reasons why this section
was reported. As early as 1800 a pension
fund was made by this Government, almost in
the language of the act of 1862, which my
friend from Maine [Mr. Pike] has just cited.
That fund, made out of prizes taken in war, be-
came insufficient before the year 1840,1 think,
and thereupon the Navy asked for the pay-
ment of their pensions out of the general
Treasury of the United States. They were
willing to have a contract to have a fund as
long as the fund was enough to pay them, but
they were not willing to have a contract on
the other side, so that when that fund was not
enough then they would not have any pen-
sions. It was like many other contracts made
by the United States, all on one side. Then,
at the beginning of the late war the act of
1800 was substantially renewed, and it was
agreed that one half the prize money should
go into the pension fund, and the other half
should bo distributed to the Navy. Now,
then, the other half has been distributed to
the officers and men of the Navy, over thir-
teen million dollars, as their own, which they
have gone away with. I do not know that it
is germane to this subject to enter into any
discussion of that distribution. Certain it is,
however, that the officers and men under the
glorious Farragut, who did more fighting than
any other officer of the Navy having like
command during the late war, did not get any
considerable portion of this money. Those
who did the most fighting got the least money.
Now, the otherhall'ofthisfundof $13,000,000
remains in the Treasury. But how in the
Treasury? 1 have the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and he puts it down as a debt
against the United States. It remains as a
standing debt against the United States, in-
terest payable in coin, and there is now required
to be paid for naval pensions only the sum of
$319,878 25, while the interest of that fund
is $780,000 in gold.
This pension fund, therefore, is continually
rolling up as a sinking fund. Three hundred
and fifty thousand dollars in currency is
needed out of it to pay pensions, and $780,000
in gold is every year to be paid into it. My
friend from Maine [Mr. Pike] says that there
is no objection to that. With your leave,
Mr. Chairman, I will tell yon the objection.
Whenever there is any sinking fund or other
fund remaining in the Treasury, there are
always being devised ways and means to get
it out. That has been the universal history
of all sinking funds. Every Administration
that conld not get through a proposition to tax
the people to raise money always plunged at
the sinking fund, when there was one. When
there was a sinking fund to redeem the national
debt, the Administration of that day took it all
to themselves, and that was as mucli a contract
with the public creditors as this is, although I
object to the use of the word "contract" in
either case.
The Secretary of the Navy himself in his
report of this year proposes, as this fund is
becoming too large for the payment of the ex-
isting pensions, to pension the admiral and
vice admirals and rear admirals and all others
on the retired list. ITe says:
"X recommcnd, therefore, that tho pension laws
applicable to the Navy bo revised, and such an in-
crease in tho rates of pension be aut horized as tbe
fund will warrant."
That is to say, the pension list is not to be
guided by what they ought to have, but by the
amount of the fund, and that would be thrge
times the present rate. But, as that would be
a little too strong, he goes on to make the fol-
lowing recommendation:
"In this revision provision should also be made for
pensions for tho admiral, vice admiral, rear admiral,
commodore, and other grades, both of the line and
staff, now wholly omitted."
Now, I agree that these are very meritorious
officers, but these men have got one twentieth
part of this fund already in the shape of prize
money, and, as I said before, the most deserv-
ing have not got the most.
He says further:
"It may also be well to considor whether the family
of a person dying in the Navy after a specified time
of service should not derive some benefit from tbis
surplus fund, even though the death should not have
occurred in the strict' line of duty.'"
This is a proposition that after a man has
served so many years in the Navy then we
shall take care of his family whenever he may
die, under any and all circumstances. Are
we ready for this?
For these reasons the committee instructed
me to report this section so as to put this fund
into the Treasury of the United States, so that
naval pensioners shall stand precisely where
military pensioners stand. The soldier who has
not had any prize money, the soldier who has
not had any comfortable ship to be in all the
time, but has slept in the muddy trenches,
must look to the general Treasury for his pen-
sion, and I think the sailor and seaman, to say
nothing against the Navy and the sailors—
certainly not the fighting part of them—but I
think the sailor should look to the same source
for his pension.
Now, it is said that we propose to take this
fund away from the sailors. We propose that
not only this fund shall be pledged for their
pensions, but that all the other moneys of the
United States shall be pledged ; that it—
"Shall bo covered into the Treasury of the United
States and become a part oT the surplus fund of tho
Treasury, and all Navy pensions shall be hereafter
assumed by tho United States to bo paid from the
Treasury in accordance with appropriations made
by law."
Therefore, instead of taking away this fund,
we pledge the entire Treasury of the United
States for this purpose. I hope there will be
no objection to this section.
Mr. PIKE. I was curious to know what
reason the ingenious gentleman from Massa-
chusetts could give for violating a statute of
the United States. The Congress of the Uni-
ted States says that "all money accruing or
which has already accrued to the United States
from the sale of prizes shall be and forever re-
main a fund for the payment of pensions."
That is what the Congress of the United States
said. Now, the gentleman from Massachusetts
says that he would take this away, because,
for the most ingenious of all reasons, he is
afraid that the recommendations of the Secre-
tary of the Navy will prove so potent with this
House as to draw from this fund large sums for
improper purposes. That I understand to be the
reason for this section. All I wish to do in
relation to this matter is simply to advertise
members of what they are requested to do by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler.] It is a fund in which I have no more
interest than they have, and they no more than
I. I merely wish to state to them what the prop-
osition is, and leave it to them to say whether
it shall be done.
The question was upon striking out the sec-
tion ; and, being taken, it was not agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I now move that the com-
mittee rise and report this bill back to the
House.
The motion was agreedto.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Schexck reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.had, accord-
ing to order, had the special order under con;
sideration, being House bill No. 078, making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States for the
year ending June 30, I860, and had directed
