1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Congress. It provides tiiat whenever any
person shall have been elected a Senator in
Congress, in the manner provided in the first
section of the act to which this is an addition,
and shall have died or shall die, or refuse to
accept the office, before the commencement
of his term of office and daring the session of
the Legislature by which he shall have been
chosen, then the Legislature is to proceed, on
the second Tuesday after it shall have notice
of such death or refusal, to elect another per-
son Senator in Congress in the manner pro-
vided in the first section of the act to which
this is an addition.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out in
lines live and six the words "or shall die;"
in line six to add the letter "d" to the word
"refusein line seven to strike out the words
"and during the session of," and in line eight
to strike out the words "by which he shall
have been chosen as aforesaid, then said Legis-
lature;" so as to make the bill read:
That whenever any person shall have been elected
a Senator in Congress, in the manner provided in the
first section of the act to which this act is an addi-
tion, and shall have died or refused to accept said
office before the commencement of his term of office,
the Legislature shall proceed, on thesecond Tuesday
after it shall have notice of such death or refusal, to
elect another person Senator in Congress in the man-
ner provided in the first section of the act to which
this act is an addition.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was not here when the
bill was reported by the honorable member
from Vermont, and I am not certain that I
know what its contents are. I rise, therefore,
to ask him whether it takes from the Executive
of a State, where a vacancy occurs during the
recess of the Legislature, the authority to
appoint.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course not.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask that in reference to
my own State, as our Legislature meets ouly
biennially.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bill is only intended
to provide for an omission in the present law;
so that if a vacancy happens by the death or
declination of the person elected if the Legis-
lature have not yet adjourned they may pro-
ceed to elect and fill it. It does not interfere
with the executive ppwer of appointment as it
now exists.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the reading of the
bill as amended.
The bill, as amended, was read.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest one difficulty
in relation to this bill. If the Legislature of
the State is not to conven'e in its regular or
adjourned session until after there shall have
been a session of Congress, and of the Senate,
it would be a very great expense and incon-
venience to convene the Legislature expressly
to make such an election.
Mr. STEWART. It does not require that.
Mr. DAVIS. It does from the reading
of it.
Mr. STEWART. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. It provides that the election
shall be made by the Legislature.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Will the Senator allow
me?
Mr. DAVIS. Let us have the bill read
again.
The bill, as amended, was read.
Mr. CONKL1NG-. Will the Senator from
Kentucky be kind enough to tell me whether
there is any precedent or authority under which
the Governor can appoint to fill an office of
which no person has ever been the incumbent?
In other words, if a Senator-elect dies or de-
clines before he receives his office, so that in
truth he was never in it, can the Governor fill
that vacancy ?
Mr. DAVIS. I have not examined that
question; but the statement of the Senator
does not reach the objection I made at all. I
understand this to be the provision of the bill:
whenever there is not a Senator in the cases
provided for by it, by reason of death or dec-
lination of the Senator-elect, then, within a
certain time, and a short time after the Legis-
lature shall have received notice of the death
or declination, it shall proceed to another elec-
tion. If the Legislature is not then in session,
it must be convened for that purpose according
to the requisition of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Allow me to correct my
friend from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I may not comprehend, as I
am informed I do not, the provision of the
bill. I have been asking for a copy of it, and
I cannot get it. If I were to read it probably
I could understand it. But that is my compre-
hension of the meaning and effect of the
amendment adopted as in Committee of the
Whole, aud if I understand it correctly I think
that is a conclusive objection to the measure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Kentucky
is entirely mistaken as to the meaning of the
bill as amended. It provides that where a
Senator-elect shall die or refuse to accept, the
Legislature at a certain time after it shall have
notice of that fact shall proceed to elect again.
Now, I will suggest to him that if such a fact
should occur during the recess of the Legisla-
ture, the Legislature could not by any possi-
bility have notice until they met. The bill
does not call on the Governor to convene an
extra session or do anything else. It says that
when the Legislature of the State have notice
that an office which they have once filled will
fail, because the person whom they have
elected has declined or died, then they shall
go on and elect over again. That is all it pro-
vides. It is a mere omission in the present
law. It does not require the Legislature to
meet, but if they are met and receive notice
they shall act.
Mr. DIXON. Will the Senator allow me
to suggest an amendment to this bill which
possibly may obviate all difficulty ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no difficulty now.
Mr. DIXON. I would insert after the word
"Legislature" tlie words "if in session."
That will meet the objection. I understand
that now the law does not provide for any new
choice in the case of the death or refusal to
accept of the person elected. The Senator
says the Legislature cannot act unless in ses-
sion, because they cannot be informed unless
in session. Then why not put in the bill the
words "if in session?"
Mr. EDMUNDS. The objection to that is
that it would make the law, if my friend will
pardon me for saying so, appear almost ridic-
ulous on the face of it. The idea of a Legis-
lature, which is a corporate body, which has
no existence as a Legislature until it is met in
its hall, being spoken of as a Legislature hav-
ing notice if in session, as if it were possi-
ble that it could have notice otherwise, is a
species of law-making that I for one would
prefer to be excused from going into. The
bill is not open to any dispute, when you look
into it, now,
Mr. DAVIS. If the amendment is intended
to have the meaning just expressed by the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, it is certainly
worded, I think, with a good deal of infelicity.
The bill, as amended, provides—
That whenever any person shall have been elected
a Senator in Congress—
I should say '' to Congress'' myself; I would
point that out as one of the infelicities of the
bill-
in the manner provided in the first section of the
aet to which this act is an addition, and shall have
died—
I will confine it to that case—
before the commencement of his term of office, the
Legislature shall proceed, on the second Tuesday
after it shall have notice of such death, to elcet
another person Senator in Congress.
I understand from the honorable Senator
that the Legislature can only be notified when
it is in session, if that be his meaning and
the meaning of the bill, it might have been
much better and more distinctly expressed.
Every member of the Legislature, when the
Legislature was in recess, might be informed
of the death of the Senator-elect, and a ques-
tion might well be made then whether the
Legislature had not been notified of the death
of the Senator-elect, and whether, according to
the literal provision of this act, the Legislature
from some indefinite time, when each and
every member of it had been notified through
the newspapers of the death, would be required,
to convene for the purpose of electing another
Senator.
I probably do not understand the provision
as the honorable Senator who framed the bill
intended; but I think it is bis fault, and not
mine. I do believe that the language is indis-
tinct, vague, and very infelicitous, especially
for a gentleman of the acumen and learning of
the honorableSenator fromVermont. Itought
to have been redrawn, and redrawn in better
form. I think the honorable Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johkson] ought to have this
bill referred back to his committee, aud he
take up the pen and put it in shape. It cer-
tainly is a little obscure and a little difficult to
understand in the language in which it reads.
Mr. DIXON. According to the construc-
tion of the Senator from Vermont, the bill
only provides that the Legislature on receiving
notice of the death or refusal to accept shall
proceed to a new election, and he says that
the Legislature cannot receive such notice
unless it is in session at the time. On looking
at the bill I think he is right. I do not see
how a Legislature can be informed of a vacancy
in the office of Senator unless that Legislature
is in session. I suppose the object of this bill
is to provide for a case which is probably omit-
ted in the first law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is it exactly.
Mr. DIXON. I have not examined the law;
but it is certainly a great omission if that law
has not provided for a second choice at the
same identical session qf the Legislature. I
did not suppose such was the case ; but I am
told that under the law the Legislature becomes
functus officio as to this function immediately
upon having chosen a Senator, and cannotj in
case of his death or refusal, elect another.
This provides for that case, as I understand ;
aud if that is the object the bill is perfectly
proper.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thatis the whole purpose.
Mr. DIXON. I do not say that it is not
proper in other respects. Now, as to the Legis-
lature receiving notice, some States have one
mode of calling a session, and some another.
In Connecticut, I think, the Legislature can
only be summoned by the Governor unless they
themselves provide for it by an adjournment.
But I must confess, with that understanding,
if that is the meaning of the bill, I see 110
objection to it, and I do not think it will be
necessary to make the amendment that I sug-
gested.
.Mr. SPRAGUE. Idesireto call the attention
of the Senator having charge of this bill to a pro-
vision in the original law that acts very incon-
veniently for the Legislature of my State in its
election of a Senator. We have two sessions
each year, one for the purpose of organization
in the spring, and the other in the winter for
legislative business. The Legislature meets and
organizes on Tuesday at the spring session, and
has always adjourned each year 011 the following
Friday, only using the week for organization
preparatory to legislative business iu the win-
ter. Now, by the provision of the original
law they are required to meet on the second
Tuesday after the organization, in the case of
an election of a Senator, and recently they
were compelled to adjourn over for two weeks,
which was very inconvenient for our farmers.
They desire to have an effort made to modify
that act, so that the election shall be held 011
the Tuesday after the organization and meet-
ing of the Legislature. Therefore, I suggest
to the Senator from Vermont to allow an
amendment to be made of this character: that
when the Legislature of a State meets and
organizes on Tuesday it shall be lawful to elect
a Senator the Tuesday following. That would
meet our case, and would not interfere, in my
judgment, with the regular working of the law.
