44(38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
has no claim on the Government for it. If
there ever was a man on the face of God's
earth entitled to this pittance at the hands of
Congress it is Joseph Segar, a loyal, honorable
man ; and this bill does not give lum one half
what he is honestly entitled to at the hands of
the Government.
Mr. CAMERON. I think the sum named
in this bill is very much too large. This man
had four hundred acres of land, and the out-
houses upon his farm were not destroyed at all.
Mr. WILLEY. All the out-houses were
destroyed except one.
Mr. CAMERON. I beg the Senator's par-
don, I know something about it. The Senator
is mistaken as to the Hygeia Hotel. Instead
of being injured by that transaction he was a
great beneficiary. He occupied that property
for years without paying the Government one
dollar of rent, and he got a large income from
it every year.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Who built that?
Mr. CAMERON. He built it himself on
the Government's land, on ground belonging
to the Government. That was taken from
him during the war. I know something about
the occupation of lands by the troops. They
occupied my land at Harrisburg for six or
eight or ten months ; they destroyed my tim-
ber, burnt down my fences, and injured my
crops; and I never got a dollar. I had a little
contest with them 011 one point, about the time
they were going away, because they wanted to
sell the manure which the horses had left on
the ground, [laughter,] and I would not agree
to it. I have no doubt that on this man's
farm, if two hundred acres of the land were
occupied by the Array, they must have had
eight or ten thousand horses there during the
time; and 1 have no doubt it is worth twice
or thrice as much as it was before the troops
took possession.
Mr. CONNESS. That is your experience.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir. The whole
country around here has been benefited by
the manure left by the Army. The crops are a
great deal better than they were before ; more
abundant, and in every way better. I move to
amend the bill by striking Out " $25,000'' and
inserting " $10,000," which I think is a very
liberal sum.
Mr. HOWE. Let roe say one word. The
subject-matter of this claim has been stated by
the Senator from West Virginia. It is impos-
sible for the whole Senate to go into the evi-
dence by which this claim is supported and
form an accurate judgment as to the precise
sum that should be recovered. I can only say
to the Senate that the committee considered it
very carefully. We hesitated a time as to
whether we should report any sum or report a
bill sending him to the Court of Claims to have
the damages assessed there ; but upon full con-
sideration it was finally the unanimous opinion
of the committee—and the composition of the
committee is known to the Senate—that it was
safer for the Government to pay this sum rather
than to let it go to the Court of Claims. The
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Frelixghuy-
sen] and others belonging to the committee
will attest that. I shall not argue a moment
as to whether the sum should bo $10,000 or
$25,000. The bill expresses the judgment of
the committee.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, to reduce the sum to $10,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, in my
county there was a case of the occupation of
land, a farm, for a considerable time by a camp.
The troops destroyed the fences, swept off the
crops, cut down the sugar corn, cut down the
trees, and committed depredations generally.
There was an investigation afterward, and a
report was made that the drippings of the camp
were sufficient to indemnity that gentleman,
and he has gone without a copper of compen-
sation to this day. So that gentleman need
not smile at the statement which my colleague
has made in reference to the occupation of
lands by troops. That seems to answer up in
Pennsylvania; at least it answered in my
county in a case within my own knowledge.
Mr. President, this mode of assessing dam-
ages to individuals for the occupancy of their
lands, for the destruction of their property,
and for supplies obtained by the Army from
them, is the most dangerous system we can
undertake in reference to these demands—an
investigation upon ex parte statement here be-
fore committees, ft is impossible for us to
base an honest and intelligent vote upon cases
examined in this manner and presented to us
hurriedly in the closing hours of the session.
Why, just think of it! This demand of $25,000
is about sixty dollars an acre for the whole of
this farm, including the improved parts and the
woodlaud, and I believe the highest estimate of
its value is one hundred and twenty-five or one
hundred and fifty dollars an acre. It seems the
house was restored and some of the other build-
ings, and that at least the house was put in good
condition ; that there was an allowance made
to him of some six thousand dollars actual pay-
ment for all the articles that were used when
possession was taken of the premises, carts and
wagons, and some of the crops, and so on ; so
that the mere naked occupation of the land
afterward is to be paid for at the enormous rate
of sixty dollars an acre. Now, sir, I venture
to say that if this property was put under the
hammer at this moment it would not bring the
amount that it is here proposed to vote to this
man for the occupation of it for two or three
years. This is nbt payment for damages done
to the property when possession was taken of
it. Payment was then made to the extent of
$0,000. It is for the use and occupancy of the
laud afterward. The main destruction must
have been of the fences, and some of the timber
was consumed; but about the timber, it does
not appear that all of it was consumed, because
after the Freedmen's Bureau took possession
of it they took off aportion of the timber, which
has been paid for.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator seems to be
under a misapprehension. This amount paid
when they went there was not for use and oc-
cupation, but it was for corn in the crib, for
wagons, for tools, for horses, for mules. The
amountwas estimated by a military commission
for property taken at the very time they com-
menced the use and occupation of the land.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 'That is the very thing
I say, that this allowance is for use and occu-
pation of the land afterward. It is not for the
articles upon the premises which were taken
possession of by the Army. They were paid
for, or nearly paid for, within $1,600. It is for
the mere use of the land except so far as tim-
ber was cut from that portion which was wood-
land. It seems to me that on the very face of
it this is a most monstrous demand, paying
this man at the rate of sixty dollars an acre,
probably more than the whole value of the land
at this time, in the way of damages. And
observe this is done upon an ex parte examin-
ation. Nobody has represented the Govern-
ment in this investigation ; no solicitor of the
Court of Claims has been notified of the taking
of the evidence ; there was no cross-examin-
ation in behalf of the Government. Nor does
this whole claim rest upon the report of the
military commission. Apart of it is made up
of a sum assessed here in a private committee-
room, upon papers presented by the claimant
himself, without any cross-examination of the
witnesses, without the Government being rep-
resented. Well, sir, no committee can be
made in either House of Congress so intelli-
gent, so honorable, so sagacious, that can in-
vestigate claims presented here in this manner
and do justice to the Government. It is utterly
impossible; and it is because it is impossible
that we have constituted a Court of Claims
and have conferred upon that court enlarged
powers, have provided officers to represent the
Government, and pay annually out of the
Treasury a large sum of money to see that such
claims as this are duly investigated, and that
justice is done to the Government as well as
to claimants. . .
I do not object so much to the appropriation
of $25,000 out of the Treasury upon this claim,
insufficiently as it seems to me to be estab-
lished and shown here; I object to the system.
If you vote to Mr. Segar upon the estimate of
one of our committees this large sum of money,
sixty dollars an acre for the whole of his farm,
from all parts of Virginia, and from all parts
of the South and from the central States, claims
will come up here by the hundred, ana they
will demand as an act of justice that we shall
vote the money, and you cannot say no. ihey
will plead this very case that you are passing
to-night upon the report of a committee merely,
as a conclusive precedent in behalf of the
allowance demanded.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not take the view
of this case which is taken by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Btjckalew.]^ This land
appears, at the commencement of the war, to
have been worth from one hundred to one hun-
dred and fifty dollars an acre. Assuming it
to have been worth $125 an acre, the planta-
tion was worth above fifty-five thousand dol-
lars ; a handsome estate. That man is turned
off. It is taken possession of by the Govern-
ment. It is held for five or six years. Now,
I ask Senators what that is worth, not upon
ex parte statement, as the Senator from Penn-
sylvania seems to think, but upon the testimony
of officers of the Government. What is it
worth ? The rental value for the five or six
years, these officers say, is worth above twenty
thousand dollars. That is the evidence, not
exparte, but of the Government's own officers.
A commission appointed by the Government
made an estimate of the use of this property
for the time this man was turned off, and put
it at $21,000. Now, 1 ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,! who spoke of
the depredations upon his own plantation, what
is the present difference between the value of
this estate down near Fortress Monroe and its
value before it was taken by the Government;
a beautiful farm with fences, with one hundred
acres of woodland, with three hundred and
forty-seven acres of improved land well fenced,
in good condition, making a good return to the
owner? What is the difference between the
value then and now? It was worth $125 an
acre when taken possession of. What is it
worth now? I agree with the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buckalew,] that perhaps
it is not worth $25,000 now. According to the
description of that plantation to-day, because
of the depredation upon it, the destruction of
tho fences, the destruction of the timber, the
destiuction of the soil, making it into roads,
and other uses by the military forces there for
four or five years, I would not give for it now
one half what it was worth when it was taken
possession of, and I undertake to guess that
the Senator from Pennsylvania would not. It
is worth as it comes back to the owner to-day
with the mortgages upon it, less by one half
than it was when it was taken possession of.
Iherefore the payment of rent is not sufficient.
If you rent your house and let to your neighbor
at $100 a month, that is compensation to vou ;
but you expect it to be returned in as ^ooii
condition as he took it, except the necessary
and natural decay of the property. That is
not the case here. This property is to be paid
for, the loss of the property, not the destruction
ot the improvements, but the use of the prop-
erty tor five or six years,
is it to be said to the Senate of the United
states that if we allow a claim which is just
and honest other claims may come, that we are
.°„,reje,ct a claim that is right because some-
body else may present a claim ? I have never
yet hstened to that argument. The Govern-
ment of the Wed States must pay its honest
themselves1 ° creditors should present
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator miscon-
ceives my argument. It was not that we should
