1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
138?
heroiclabor of the coiintryis ours. Fourfifths
of the Array of the United States now are com-
posed of the Democracy of the country; and
if you proceed to introduce politics into the
Army the_ Democratic soldier will follow the
Democratic instinct and stand by the Constitu-
tion and laws of his country.
I therefore, Mr. Speaker, bid you beware
of unconstitutional, of illegal, of extraordinary
proceedings. Proceed in your forms of im-
peachment through all the manipulations, all
the sinuosities and tergiversations of the law,
and we shall submit, because it is our duty so
to do as constitutional, obedient men, but step
an inch further and over the bounds of that
Constitution and proceed, as is often proposed,
in a violent and revolutionary manner, and
again you precipitate this country upon the
verge of violence and revolution.
1 know not, because I have not heard, nor
has there been any argument given by the in-
troducer of the resolution, upon what law or
upon what facts it is founded, unless it be, and
of that I am obliged to guess, the tenure-of-
otfice act, which in the sixth section the Presi-
dent is said so to have violated as to be guilty
of these high crimes and misdemeanors which,
under the Constitution, subject him to im-
peachment.
Before I proceed to the discussion of this
portion of the act—and I regret that it has not
been left to some lawyer ; 1 trust it will here-
after be examined m detail and in a more legal
manner than a mind organized like mine can
do it—before I proceed to that discussion I
will call the attention of the House to the
issue presented here. What is that simple
issue? It is an issue for office—only an issue
for office. Who has the right to-day to act as
Secretary of War, Mr. Stanton or Adjutant
General Thomas? Which of them now holds
that office ? Which of them rightfully occupies
that place? It is a mere question of law. The
right of trial of a title to office is like the right
of trial to property—that and nothing more.
In that respect this case presents nothing ex-
traordinary, for over and over again the ques-
tion who shall be the legal possessor of an office
has hitherto been tried by the courts of law.
But now for the first time it is proposed to
take from the courts of law the control of this
question and remove it from judicial investi-
gation and direction. The Reconstruction
Committee steps in here and proposes to ad-
judicate the question for itself and to impeach
the President of the United States.
Yvrhy, sir, has the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevexs] or have his associates
forgotten the case ot Marbury vs. Madison,
almost at the very origin of this Government,
in the year 1800, when John Adams went out
of oflice and Thomas Jefferson came in ? Here
in the District of Columbia Marbury was ap-
pointed a justice by Mr. Adams, the outgoing
President, and a commission executed, but
its delivery was refused by Mr. Madison, the
Secretary of State who succeeded under Mr.
Jefferson. What was done then? Was the
House of Representatives called upon to in-
terfere? Was an impeachment demanded then,
as now? Was Mr. Madison or Mr. Jefferson
arraigned before the bar of the Senate on the
grand inquest of this House for not enforcing
an act upon his Secretary of State? No. Ail
parties then cheerfully resorted to the supreme
tribunal of the land, and by the simple process
of a mandamus all asked for an adjudication
o f the question there. And here is a like legal
question—who is and who is not now the legal
acting Secretary oMVar? in order to settle
which question this House proposes to snatch
the case from the courts and to adjudicate it
here by the removal of the President of the
United States.
Sir, the President of the United States has
as much right to judge of the constitutionality
of a law as has the Congress of the United
States. The Executive is as much a branch
of the Government, aye, is as much the Gov-
ernment, and in some respects more the Gov-
ernment, as the Congress of the United States.
And yet, because he has exercised what in good
faith ho lias believed to be his constitutional
authority as President of the United States,
tinder an act of Congress, to put in the Depart-
ment of War a gentleman to act ad interim,,
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] and those associated with him,
upon the instant, impromptu, in a single day,
in utter violation of the rules and ordinances
of this House, summon us here to settle at
once, not whether this or that person legally
and constitutionally holds the office of Secre-
tary of War, but to convict the President of
crimes and misdemeanors because he honestly
holds to one construction of the law wliile you
hold to another.
I have not and never have been a defender
ofallthe opinions of General Jackson, but those
on the other side who pretend to hold him as
authority and those on this side who have ever
held him as authority will find that in uttering
the opinions which I have I but reuttcr the
opinions which he advanced in his veto of July
10, 1832, when he said:
" The Congress, the Executive, and the court must
each for itself be guided by its own opinion of the
Constitution. Kach public officer who takes the
oath to support the Constitution swears that he wilt
support it as he understands it, and not as it is un-
derstood by others."
The President of the United States has
given his opinion upon the official tenure-of-
office act and upon the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Slates by the appointment of Adjutant Gen-
eral Thomas as Secretary of War ad interim,
and because of the exercise of that constitutional
right we are called upon here at once to pro-
nounce him guilty of high crimes and misde-
meanors and to demand his deposition and
degradation therefor.
Sir, all the offices of the departments of
this Government are trusts. Congress has a
high and august trust reposed in it; the judi-
cial tribunals have also high and august trusts
reposed in them. So, also, has the President
of the United States an equally high trust
reposed in him to maintain his constitutional
powers, and to act and adjudicate upon those
powers, subject to appeal to the Supreme Court
of the United States. If he should throw
away that trust; if he should abandon the
powers and prerogatives given with that trust;
if he should allow the executive department
of the United States to be overthrown or dis-
organized, he would be guilty, not only of a
high offense against the Constitution of the
United States, but a high crime against the
people of this country m not maintaining all
the powers which the Constitution has given
him.
The President is a primary judge of the Con-
stitution. It is not only his right, but it is
the right of every citi/.en, to judge of the Con-
stitution of the United States, taking the pen-
alties to which he may be subject when his
opinions or his judgment are not found to be
the opinions of the courts of his country. What
I mean to say more explicitly is, that the Pres-
ident of the United States has a primary right
to judge of the Constitution of the United
States and the laws passed under the Consti-
tution, subject to all the penalties to which he
may be liable if he violates any law when that
law is adjudged to be constitutional by the Su-
preme Court of the United Stales. But here
at this moment, at this period of the history
of the ease, before any adjudication whatso-
ever, when he is in the exercise of his legal
right of construing the Constitution of the
United States and the official tenure act, you
step in, pronounce him guilty of high crimes
and misdemeanors, you impeach him, and
attempt his deposition. You make a rule vio-
lating the Constitution, and you then impeach
the President because he wishes to test the
constitutionality of your rule. In other words,
you claim the right to throw the President out
of office, to abrogate or change the executive
department, of the Government, to strip it of j
its preiogutives and power, whenever, by a I
mi're act of Congress, you can overrule a veto; j
and when you have thus done, unless the lis- I
ecutive obeys your act implicitly, without any
investigation or legal adjudication, y<5u claim
the right to snatch the case in contest from the
Supreme Court of the United States and ad-
judicate it here in this House and in the Sen-
ate through the impeachment power, which
destroys that Executive, even if he could after-
ward rule that all that has been done is right.
You have a right, you contend, to pass any
illegal and unconstitutional laws; you have a
right to disfranchise all of the people of the
United States, if you so choose, that are not
of your party; you have a right to eject every
Democratic member upon the floor of this
House by some disqualifying law that you have
passed; and if the President of the United
States maintains and executes the laws as they
have been adjudged by the courts hitherto
you have a right then to impeach and depose
him because in the exercise of this trust he has
been executing what he deems to be the laws
and the Constitution of the United States.
Sir, in my judgment, these doctrines and
these principles are not maintainable, or if
they are then we have ceased to have a writ-
ten Constitution, and the whole Government
which we have is an arbitrary majority on this
floor or some arbitrary majority in the Senate.
What is the Government? What is the Con-
stitution? What is the law? What is the
beauty of our free institutions? The arbitrary
rule of a temporary House of Representatives
or a temporary Senate? The mere will, the
caprice, the tyranny of a majority of members
of Congress elected two or four or six years ago?
Sir, these illimitable, uncontrollable forms
of legislative government have been tried else-
where, and everywhere they have been found
to fail. A mere majority is often more tyran-
nical than a king or a despotism. An oligarchy
such as you are creating is the worst form of
government man ever devised. The worst of
all tyrannies ever created, far more odious than
any one-man despotism in history, was the illim-
itable, uncontrollable will of a legislative ma-
jority in the French revolution, acting from
passion and caprice, beyond any law or written
constitution whatsoever. In the whole history
of despotisms and monarchies throughout the
whole world—in the worst tyrannies of Asia
or of Europe—no one-man power has ever
inflicted as much mischief on the liuman race,
ever lawlessly destroyed so many lives, ever
lawlessly shed so much blood, as the arbitrary,
uncontrolled, illimitable majority of the revo-
lutionary legislature of Prance; yet here, in this
House,overriding our written Constitution, pay-
ing no regard whatsoever to its provisions, over-
throwing the whole executive authority to-day,
and but yesterday destroying an august tribunal
of the judiciary—the last resort of conflicting
opinions short of arms—here, on this floor, in
this House, misrepresenting the people in point
of fact—for you do not represent the majority
even of the people of the North, as the votes
will show hereafter—representing now but the
passion, the caprice, and the power of the past,
not of the present—you are attempting to con-
centrate here in a majority uncontrollable and
illimitable that absorption of power which de-
stroys the two other branches of the Govern-
ment, the Supremo Court of the United States,
and the Executive of the United States, and
•which thus makes you not only supreme, but
the worst sort of an oligarchy and despotism
that ever cursed, unhappily, men.
Sir, the history of all such acts as this has
been written by many historians and illumi-
nates many pages of the past; but here, for the
first time in the history of our country; here,
on the natal day of Washington, whose fare-
well address invokes peace, quiet, forgetfulness
of party, anddevolionto the public good, whose
very presence should inspire us on a great oc-
casion like this, you, by a mere party majority,
in order to obtain possession of the Executive
of the United States and to have the distribu-
tion of a few offices—you propose to depose
the President of the United Slates and to sub-
stitute a President, of your own, the present
President of the Senate, in liis stead.
