1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4409
refuse to pay the claim, but that we should
turn it over to a proper tribunal.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The proper tribunal
cannot do full justice in this case. The Court
of Claims as organized cannot; and 1 believe
this case has been before that court; has it
not ?
Mr. WlELEY. No, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought it had been;
but for the loss of this property a compensa-
tion cannot be made by the Court of Claims.
What has the Court of Claims to do with the
cutting down of a grove of one hundred acres
of woodland ? Does that come within any of
the definitions of the jurisdiction of that court?
Does that rest upon contract? Does that rest
upon law ? Does that rest upon departmental
regulations and orders? No, sir; it does not
come within the jurisdiction of that court as
now defined by law. It is simply a case of
power exercised to take that which belongs to
the citizen for the public good. It does not
rest upon contract, nor law, nor departmental
regulations.
Returning to the argument of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, if there are other cases like
this we ought to hear them. If the Govern-
ment of the United States has gone upon the
farm of the Senator's neighbor and has occu-
pied that farm and driven his family away so
that that family has not been any longer sup-
ported upon that farm, and the Government
has had the use of that private property, shall
the Government not pay for it? Can it be
claimed that the Government of the United
States can occupy property and not pay for it ?
Can it be claimed that the Government can
take one hundred acres of woodland and con-
vert that into fuel for the use of the Army, and
yet not pay for it? It is just, it is right that
this man should be paid. It is right because
his property has been taken, it has been used,
it has been destroyed ; and it seems to me,
according to this report, that the estimate made
by the committee is a very low one. The use
of the property, according to the report of
the commission on that subject, nearly amounts
to the twenty-five thousand dollars ; and does
any Senator who knows anything of the value
of a handsome farm undertake to say that the
injury to this plantation is not a very serious
one, one that cannot be repaired short of a
very large expenditure ? I do not believe that
farm to-day is worth one half what it was when
the Government took it; and the money due
for the use of it for these intervening years
must be paid by the Government as an honest
debt, just such a debt as the Senator from
Pennsylvania would have to pay for in a court
if he had taken the use of the property. For
the use of it 1 have no doubt the Court of
Claims can give a judgment; but for the bal-
ance of this claim that court has no jurisdiction.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor from Indiana a question. Shall I under-
stand him to say that the Court of Claims has
no jurisdiction of a claim for the occupation
of land for military purposes and the destruc-
tion of timber?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I undertake to say—
I do not know just how the Senator understood
me—that for the use and occupation I pre-
sume the court would have jurisdiction upon
the common count, resting it upon contract,
an assumed or implied contract to pay for the
use and occupation; but for the destruction of
property, which is in the nature of trespass, it
does not rest upon contract.
Mr. CONKL1NG. The Senator does mean,
then, that I shall understand him in that way.
I beg to take issue with him. I affirm not
only that the Court of Claims would have juris-
diction to try such a case as that, but that the
court has tried such cases, and has adjudicated
upon them—upon cases which arose anterior
to this war. I refer particularly to a case
which the Senator from Oregon may remem-
ber, a case which arose in his State, the case
of Johnson, I think, against the United States
for the occupation of land near the Cascades
on the Columbia river, the erection of two
block-houses, the cutting down of timber; and
in short the parallel of this case, which was
tried in the Court of Claims, and in which a
recovery was had of 540,000.
I do not rise to contest this claim; but I think
the Senator will have to revise the opinion he
has given, that the Court of Claims is not the
appropriate jurisdiction to extend over this
case. Certainly, it seems to me, that they
could find, upon the theory of an implied
assumpsit, what would be the fair rent for these
premises as they were occupied, and the fair
recompense for the injury inflicted on them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
a question with his permission. In a case of
trespass upon land, cutting of timber, can the
trespass be waived by the party and he sue in
contract for the damage thus done ? It is very
plain that where personal property is taken
and used the party may waive the trespass and
sue on contract; but for a trespass to real
estate, a cutting of timber without the author-
ity of the owner, can you sue for that wrong
in contract? Does it rest upon contract?
Mr. CONKLING. I rather think from the
tone and degree in which the Senator suggests
that question that he and I would be at issue
as to the true answer to it in the abstract.
Without being diverted, however, to the con-
sideration of that question, I dispose of it
practically as far as it is here by saying to the
Senator that if the United States through any
of its authorized agents takes possession of
my property, real property though it be, occu-
pies it in a manner no matter how peculiar,
inflicting injury upon it, transforming it in its
character from woodland to meadowland, or in
any other way the Senator pleases, as I under-
stand the law, I may go and I ought to go into
the Court of Claims and recover upon the
special facts of the case, whether he would
denominate it a special action on the case or
an action of assumpsit. I recover upon my
petition setting out these facts, and the Court
of Claims would carve out of the facts just
such a decree as would be appropriate. I un-
derstand that the Court of Claims would have
power to do that just as undoubtedly as a court
of equity would have that power. If that is
not so, then I cannot comprehend how the
claimant in the case of Johnson, that I re-
ferred to, maintained his cause of action for just
such an occupation as we are talking about.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to inquire
ofthe Senator from New York 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Indiana allow me to read a section of law which,
I think, will satisfy both the Senator from New
York and himself what the law is. It is very
brief:
" That the jurisdiction ofttao Court of Claims shall
not extend to or includc any claim against the United
States growing out of thcdestruction or appropriation
ofordamag'e to property by the Army or ISavyor any
part of tho Army or Navy engaged in the suppression
of tlie rebelUonfrom tho cooimeiicement to the close
thereof."
Mr. CONKLING. Does that section apply
to all States alike?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it does apply to
all States alike.
Mr. CONKLING. My recollection was,
though I do not dispute the Senator's statement,
that that section applied to those States and that
portion of territory declared in insurrection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no such limit-
ation.
Mr. CONKLING. But then certain terri-
tory was excepted by proclamation. If that
statutehas stepped in. and there be no statutory
answer, I admit the Senator is right; but I still
contest with the Senator from Indiana the point
on the principle he laid down ; and 1 allirm
that but for the special statute cutting it off
there would be no doubt whatever of the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims, and that was
the question which the Senator from Indiana
and I were discussing.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think there is a ques-
tion involved in this ease of more importance
than that suggested by the Senator from In-
diana or discussed by the Senator from New
York. I am impressed with the hardship of
the case as it has been presented by the Sena-
tor from West Virginia; but the inquiry arises
in my mind as to whether or not this was not
one of the calamities of war.. Eleven States,
of which Virginia was one, organized into a
confederacy and made war upon the Govern-
ment. To subdue the rebellion which they
made the Government organized armies and
sent them into those States, and it was a neces-
sary part of the duty of those armies to de-
stroy property, to kill men, and in every law-
ful way, according to the rules of war, to crip-
ple the enemies ofthe country. Senators seem
to regard this claim with indifference; but
it follows necessarily that if this claim is al-
lowed by Congress every man in these eleven
States upon whose lands the Union Army made
a camp, whose house was taken for the pur-
poses of war, whose fences were destroyed in
the progress of the war, whose timber was de-
stroyed by reason of the war, will have a claim
against the Government; and we shall be en-
gaged for the next ten, fifteen, or twenty years
in imposing taxes upon the people of this coun-
try to indemnify those who lived in the rebel
States for the losses which they sustained dur-
ing the war.
This opens the door; this is the fatal prece-
dent that will plead for every case that may arise
in the eleven rebel States for property that was
taken or that was destroyed or injured by the
prosecution of the war in putting down this
rebellion, and you cannot distinguish between
one claim andanother upon principle. It was
necessary, if we sent our armies into those
States, that they should make camps ; and was
it possible for the armies to distinguish between
the innocent and the guilty? Is it not one of
the inevitable consequences of war that where
an army invades a country the innocent must
suffer with the guilty ? That is a great calamity,
but it is unavoidable.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. My friend is
laboring under a misapprehension. This land
was all within our lines, and not within the
rebel lines.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Was it not in the State
of Virginia?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Not within the
rebel lines. It was expressly excepted by proc-
lamation. It was the same thing as if it had
been land in Oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think not.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Oregon is
entirely mistaken as to the fact. This was as
clearly outside of the rebellion as Massachu-
setts was, clearly defined by the proclamation.
We must be allowed to know about that, be-
cause we have examined the testimony.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator is allowed
to know. I do not dispute what the Senator
knows. I say it was in the State of Virginia.
Mr. HOWE. That is true.
Mr. WILLIAMS. And Virginia was one
of the States which were in rebellion against
the Government. If there arc some particular
facts which except this case from the general
rule, those, of course, are to be considered by
the Senate; but I call attention to this claim
and to claims of this description ; I know there
are many of them pending before Congress.
They are creeping along. One comes with
some special circumstances that are supposed
to take it out of the general rule : and another
comes with some other circumstances that
describe it and except it from the general rulej
and in that way these claims, are coming up
like clouds against the Government and will
be allowed unless Congress takes some decided
stand upon that subject and establishes some
| uniform rule to which it will adhere. I know
| that one or two claims have passed Congress
I that originated in the rebel States, within the
lines of the rebel armies, for the destruction
of property ; and this ease seems to nie to be
one very much like them, although it is said
that this particular land was within the Fed-
eral lines.
Mr. WILLEY. There can be no question
of that fact. This was taken possession of on
