THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30$
laws of the land, is amenable for their viola-
tion under the principle that "ignorance of
the lawexcuseth no man 5" but the President
of the United States having the executive
power vested in him by the Constitution has
the right to exercise his best judgment in the
situation in which he is placed, and if he ex-
ercises that judgment honestly and faithfully,
not from corrupt motives, then his action can-
not be reviewed by Congress or by any other
tribunal than the tribunal of the people in the
presidential election should he be a candidate
before them again, and he is protected by the
powers imposed by the Constitution. Mr. Mad-
ison proceeds:
" It is certainly due from the functionaries of the
several departments to pay much respect to the opin-
ions of each other; and, as far as official independ-
ence and obligation will permit, to eonsulttliemeans
of adjusting differences and avoiding practical em-
barrassments growing out otyhem, as must be done in
like cases between the different coordinate branches
of the legislative department.
"But notwithstanding this abstract view of the
coordinate and independent right of the three de-
partments to expound the Constitution "— .
Mark his phraseology there. One of the
makers of the Constitution, hoary witH age, ven-
erable at the time when this letter was written,
having no motive except to leave to posterity
the mature judgment of a patriot in regard to
the true and proper construction of that sacred
instrument which he had an agency in making,
Mr. Madison says:
"But notwithstanding this abstract view of the
coordinate and independent right of the three de-
partments to expound the Constitution, the judicial
department most familiaiizes itself to the public at-
tention as the expositor by the order of its functions
in relation to the other departments, and attracts
most the public confidence by thecompositionof the
tribunal. ^
" It is the judicial department in which questions
of constitutionality, as well as of legality, generally
iind their ultimate discussion and opei*ative decision;
nnd the public deference to and confidence in the
judgment of the body are peculiarly inspired by the
qualities implied in its members, by the gravity and
deliberation of their proceedings, and by the advan-
tage their plurality gives them over the unity of the
executive department, and their fewness over the
multitudinous composition of the legislative depart-
ment-.
" Without losing sight, therefore, of the coordinate
relations ol the three departments to each other.it
may always be expected that the judicial bench,
when happily filled, will, for the reasons suggested,
most engage the respect and reliance of the public as
the surest expositor of the Constitution, as well in
questions within its cognizance concerning-the bound-
aries between the several departments of the Gov-
ernment as in those between the Union and its
members."
And it was, as J said before, to that depart-
ment that the President of the United States
desired that an appeal should be made. But
you will observe hero that the idea is distinctly
presented by this venerable and patriotic man
that the coordinate and independent depart-
ments of the Government have the right, each
for itself and each within its appropriate sphere
and in relation to its own appropriate duties,
to construe the Constitution. If this view be
correct the President of the United States had
the right to construe the Constitution for him-
self, notwithstanding the passage of the civil-
tenure bill, and he had the right to act under
it in the manner in which he did, and you can-
not make a crime, you cannot make an offense
out of such an action. You cannot justify it
in the view of the American people; you can-
not justify it to the civilized world ; Senators,
i maintain that you cannot justify it to your
own consciences to place such a construction
as that upon the act of the President, and to
deny him the powers which he has attempted
to exercise in this case.
Now, let me call your attention to the famous
protest of General Jackson, and you will see
that the same doctrine is carried out there:
"By the Constitution the 4 executive power is
vested in the President of theUnitedStates.' Among
the duties imposed upon him, and which he is sworn
to perform, is that of 4 taking care that the laws be
faithfully executed.-' Being thus made responsible
lor the entire action of the executive department, it
was but reasonable that the power of appointing,
overseeing, and controlling those who execute the
laws—a power in its nature executive—should re-
main in hishands. Itis, therefore,notonly his right,
but the Constitution makes it his duty, to 'nomin-
ate, and by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, appoint' all 'officers of tlio United States
whose appointments are not in the Constitution
otherwise provided for,' with the proviso that the
appointment of inferior officers may be vested in the
President alone, in the courts of justice, or in the
heads of Departments.
"The executive power vested in the Senate is
neither that of4 nominating' nor 'appointing.'"
You will see that General Jackson, with
characteristic energy and courage, stood up
faithfully in vindication of his executive power
while he was President of the United States:
"The executive power vested in the Senate is
neither that of4 nominating' nor ' appointing.' Itis
merely a check upon the executive power of appoint-
ment. If individuals arc proposed for appointment
by the President, by them deemed incompetent or
unworthy, they may withhold their consent and the
appoiutmonlcaniiotbe made. They check the action
of the Executive, but cannot in relation to these
very subjects act themselves nor direct him. Selec-
tions are still made by the President; and the nega-
tive given to the Senate, without diminishing his
responsibility, furnishes an additional guarantee to
the country that the subordinate executive, as well
as the judicial offices, shall be filled with worthy and
competent men.
"The whole executive power being vested in the
President, who is responsible for its exercise, it is a
necessary conscquence thathe shouldhavo a lightto
employ agents of his own choice to aid him in tho
performance of his duties, and to discharge them
when he is no longer willing to bo responsible for
their acts."
The very idea that one of the Senators I now
address, Senator Sherman, must have had in
his mind at the time when he made those re-
marks which were quoted by Judge Curtis in
the opening upon our side :
" In strict accordance with this principle thepower
of removal, which, like that of appointment, is an
original executive power, is left unchecked by the
Constitution in relation to all executive officers for
whoso conduct the President is responsible, while it
is taken from him in relation to judicial officers for
whose acts he is not responsible. In thcGovernincnt
from which many of the fundamental principles uf our
system are derived the head of the executive depart-
ment originally had power to appoint and remove
at will all officers, executive and judicial. It was
to take'the judges out of this general powor of re-
moval, and thus make them independent of the Exec-
utive that the tenure of their olfices was changed to
good behavior. Nor is it conceivable why they are
placed in our Constitution upon a tenure different
from that of all other officers appointed by the Ex-
ecutive, unless it bo for the samo purpose."
Now, Senators, at the hazard of some repe-
tition, allow me at this point to sum up as far
as I have gone. I have shown you that in the
debate of 1789 some of the ablest men this
country ever produced, and some of the very
men who had an agency in framing the Consti-
tution itself, conceded the power of removal,
as claimed by the President. I have shown
you that for nearly eighty years, with the single
exception of the struggle which took place in
General Jackson's time, that power has been
acquiesced in. I have shown you that two of
the most eminent writers on American juris-
prudence, Kent and Story, have treated the
question as settled. J have shown yon, from
the opinions of some of the ablpst Attorneys
General who have ever been in office in this
country, that the power of removal existed in
the manner in which it was exercised by the
President. I have shown you that, from this
opinion and practice during the long period
of time to which I have adverted, it was con-
ceded that the power of removal belonged to
the President in virtue of the Constitution, and
that the Senate had no constitutional right or
power to interfere with him. Having shown
you all this, I have now a few words to say in
regard to the President's act in removing Mr.
Stanton and in farther answer to the first ar-
ticle against him.
As you have observed, the first proposition
which I have endeavored to demonstrate is,
that the civil-tenure bill is unconstitutional
and void : for if the doctrincs be correctwhich
I have endeavored to maintain before you, and
if this long chain of authority is entitled to tho
slightest degree of respect, it follows inevitably
that Congress had no power to pass the law ;
and it follows, furthermore, that the President
had the right to exercise a judgment in regard
to retaining or removing one of the councilors
whom the Constitution had placed around him
for the purpose of aiding him in the adminis-
tration of public affairs.
But the other view in which I wish to argue
the case—and it has already been indicated
in various statements from time to time made
by me in the progress of my remarks—is
this : suppose that the proposition I have en-
deavored to maintain before you is erroneous;
suppose that Congress are right and that' the
President is wrong; suppose that Congress had
the power to pass the civil-tenure bill; sup-
pose that he had no right to act contrary to
that; then the question comes up whether or
not he is guilty upon any of these articles of
impeachment. The first eight articles charge
in different forms an intent to violate the Con-
stitution of the United States, or to violate the
civil-tenure bill, or to violate the conspiracy
act of 1861. Every one of those articles con-
tains a charge of an unlawful intention; they
do not charge an unlawful act simply, with the
exception of the fifth article, which says
nothing about the intent. Now, recurring to
what I have already said on this subject, I de-
sire to sustain what I have said by a reference
to some of the decisions or some of the opin-
ions in the law books, and I ask the question
how can any unlawful intent be predicated of
his act? According to Foster and Hale and
other writers upon criminal law, and I quote
this from 1 Bouvier's Dictionary, page G47,'
who cites Foster and Hale and others for the
definition:
"Every crime must have, necessarily, two constit-
uent parts, namoly, an act forbidden by law and an
intention."
And that is as applicable, I take it, to a
high misdemeanor as it is to a high crime.
" The act is innocent or guilty just a5? there was or
was not an intention to commit a crime; for exam-
ple: a man embarks on board a ship at New York
for the purpose of going to New Orleans; if he went
with an intention to perform a lawful act ho is per-
fectly innocent; but if his intention was to levy war
against the United States ho is guilty of an overt act
of treason."
Mr. Bishop, in his work on criminal law,
section 2S2, says;
"Intent is not always inferable from the act
done." v
I maiutain that, there being no unlawful or
improper intention there can be no ciime or
misdemeanor; and although I did not read this
yesterday I substantially cited it; but having
it here I ask your indulgence to repeat it again
in the language of the book itself. I refer to
Wharton's Criminal Law, page 7G3, and Xios-
coe's Criminal Evidence, page 804, to sustain
this proposition :
"An indictment against an officer of justice for
misbehavior in office must chargo that the act was
done with corrupt, paitial, malicious, or improper
motives, and, above all, with a knowledge that it
was wrong."
In Wharton, page 269, and 2 Russell, 702,
this principle is stated :
"As to acts of an official nature, everything ispro-
sumed to be rightfully done until the contrary ap-
pears."
Again, Mr. Bishop, in his Crimiual Law,
section 80, says:
"A case of overwhelming necessity (as to intent)
or honest mistake of fact will bo excepted out of a
general statute."
Now, Senators, if these are the rules that
prevail in courts of law—and they are rules
founded in wisdom, in common sense, in justice
—if these rules obtain in criminal trials every
day in courts of law, what is there to prevent
them from being enforced in this court, and
what is there to prevent them from shielding
this respondent from the imputation which is
made upon him? How can it be said that he
had any wrongful or unlawful intent when tho
Constitution gave him the power to judge for
himself in reference to the particular act? JIow
can it be said that he had any wrongful or un-
lawful intent when the practice of the Govern-
ment for the long period of time to which I
have adverted was sufficient to justify him in
exercising the power which he attempted to
exercise? How can it bo said that there was
any wrongful or unlawful intent when he had
all these opinions of the Attorneys General to
guide and lead and direct him? How can it
be said that there was any unlawful intent when
