1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2361
lie ought to have done, and I am very glad he
has done it. I now desire to call his attention
to one other paragraph, that he may set him-
self right before the House.
" Why, sir, I can look back and recall"—
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] should the gentleman from Minne-
sota [Mr. Doxxei.ly] conclude to strike out
the paragraph he is now reading, does the
gentleman from Massachusetts intend to pre-
serve it in the Globe by thus incorporating it
in his remarks ?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly not.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then I think the
matter should be arranged privately between
the gentlemen.
The SPEAKER. All questions of doubt can
be submitted to the House, and if the House or
any gentleman desires it the Chair will submit
to the House whether this line of argument
shall be continued.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to read any
more, and, with the consent of the House. I
will ask the reporters of the Globe to strike
out from my remarks all I have read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to any remarks
being stricken out; I object to gentlemen play-
ing fast and loose in this matter.
Mr. DAWES. Very, well; I desire to call
the attention of the gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Doxnelly] to what seems to be a direct
attack upon the gentleman from Illinois. He
says :
"Why, &ir, I can look back and recall how at the
opening of almost every Congress tho gentleman has
got up here and—if tho word was parliamentary I
would say—howled against the railroad communica-
tion between New York and this city, and demanded
an air-lino railroad, splitting tho very hoavens with
his outciies. Suddenly there came a dead calm,
'And silence, like a poultice, came
To heal the wounds of sound,'
" and wo heard no moro upon tho subject until tho
next Congress met."
I would like to have the gentleman state to
the House whether he intended to make a
charge against the gentleman from Illinois,
because that is doing precisely what he claims
was done against him in the letter?
Mr. DONNELLY. I do not see that there
is any charge there.
Mr. DAWES. There was none intended?
Mr. DONNELLY. Of course not.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldiiidge] objects to having
stricken out from my remarks any of those
improper passages from the speech of the gen-
tleman from Minnesota which I have read, then
I will ask unanimous consent of the House to
have them stricken out.
Mr. ELDIIIDGE. I object to any remarks
being stricken out; I want them to go to the
country just as they are, so that they may know
precisely what we are doing.
Mr. DAWES. Then I give notice that as
soon as this matter is disposed of I will move
to suspend the rules in order that I may omit
from my remarks, as published in the Globe,
what I have indicated.
The SPEAKER. It is in order at this time
to move to suspend the rules for any purpose
connected with or growing out of the subject
before the House.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not desire to make
any extended remarks.
Mr. SPALDING. I resume the floor, and
call the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understood my colleague
[Mr. Spalding] to have yielded the floor alto-
gether to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] on condition that he should call
the previous question when he was through.
Mr. SPALDING. But he does not call it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to con-
sent to yield to me for an inquiry.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. I want to call the atten- .
tion of the House to a matter connected with
this, for fear we may involve ourselves in some
great absurdity. I will not argue the question
now before the House further than to say that
it seems to me better to have an authentic offi-
cial record of all we do and say here, for in-
formation or warning in the future, than to
leave it entirely in the shape of such exagger-
ated and misrepresented accounts as will be
sure to go forth. So much for the official
record.
But sir there is something more than that in
this case, to which I wish to call the attention
of the House. We have just passed a resolu-
tion in which we cite from this debate, as the
ground upon which that resolution is based,
remarks made by the gentleman from Illinois,
and now it is proposed to suppress that record,
to wipe it out, to take away the very evidence
upon which we have based the resolution which
we have but a moment ago adopted. It seems
to me that such action on the part of the House
would be—I will not say absurd, lest the term
may be considered disrespectful, and I may be
called to order; but it would put us in a posi-
tion which might possibly induce outsiders to
say that we are acting absurdly, and endeavor-
ing to "cover up our tracks." Whatever the
character of the things said and done here, I
hold it is better for us, better for the country,
better in every sense that, such as they are, a
record should be made of them, either for
instruction or warning, as the case may be, here-
after—for praise or reproof as they may deserve
the one or the other—than that we should be
engaged in the idle attempt to wipe out history,
leaving that history without the authentic and
official record by which it should be perpetu-
ated, and allowing it to be preserved in garbled
accounts furnished by those who are not offi-
cially entitled to speak for us.
But, sir, I arose more particularly for the
purpose of calling the attention of the House
to the absurd attitude in which it seems to me
we shall placc ourselves if at one moment we
pass a resolution based upon certain things
set forth in the record kept bylaw in the Con-
gressional Globe and the next moment turn-
ing around and wiping out the evidence upon
which was based the resolution adopted by us.
Mr. GARFIELD. With the consent of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
1 desire to say one word of explanation. In
my remark a few moments ago I was actuated
by the view that we should be doing badly to
strike out the record, not that I wish to give
an undue license to debate, or that the Speaker
should make latitudinarian rulings and permit
an undue range of discussion. I have been
very sorry for my part that I did not interfere,
as I think I ought to have done, on Saturday,
and prevented a part at least of the improper
remarks then made.
Mr. HIGBY. With the consent of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts I desire to make a
single suggestion. Itseems to me, Mr. Speaker,
that in order to carry out the full intent and
purpose of this resolution it should embrace
the debate of to-day also. The gentleman
from Massachusetts has been dwelling very
lengthily upon the speech made on Saturday
by the gentleman from Minnesota, and has
been reiterating tho most offensive portions of
that speech.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield for a few mo-
ments to the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr.
Donxelly.]
Mr. DRIGGS. I rise to a question of order.
As I understand, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] received the floor from
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] on
the condition that when he got through with
his remarks he should call the previous ques-
tion. He has not complied with that condition,
and I do not see by what right he now holds
the floor.
Mr. ALLISON. He has not got through
yet.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain this question as a question of order. The
gentleman from Massachusetts must judge for
himself as to the conditions ou which he ob-
tained the floor and the right under which he
holds it.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman from
Minnesota, [Mr. Donnelly.]
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, I have
been a member of this body for five years. I
have never had the slightest collision with any
member of the House. I have never, I be-
lieve, during my whole lifetime assailed with
abuse any man. I think I can almost say, as
good old Abraham Lincoln said, " I have
never willingly planted a thorn in the breast
of any man." If I have sinned in this case,
Mr. Speaker, it is because I have suffered, t
have the highest respect for the members of
this House, and for none more than for my
distinguished friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.] Although I do not think my flight
of imagination last Saturday, conveying the
gentleman from Illinois to the realms of eter-
nal bliss, was any imputation upon him or was
in any sense a violation of parliamentary pro-
priety, (and I think the Speaker has fallen un-
intentionally into a trifling error on this point,
for I believe the Globe will show that he did
not call me to order upon that branch of the
subject,) yet, Mr. Speaker, in deference to the
judgment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, and that there may be no further offense
to the good taste of the House in this matter,
I am willing to go a step further and strike
out even that paragraph from the report of my
remarks.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a point of order. If
the gentleman from Minnesota has got my col-
league into the regions of bliss I object to his
bringing him down. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. Although I am under a
pledge to call the previous question on this
resolution, yet after the statement of the gen-
tleman from Minnesota, I think it has answesed
its purpose, and I trust the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] will withdraw it. Be-
fore resigning the floor I will yield it to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the
gentleman from Minnesota has withdrawn the
offensive portions of his speech and his im-
putations, I withdraw entirely what I said in
reply.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw the reso-
lution.
Mr. DAWES. I now ask leave to withdraw
from the Globe the extracts from the speech
of the gentleman from Minnesota which I have
incorporated in my remarks.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We object to the Globe
being mutilated.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. DONNELLY. Will the gentleman
withdraw that motion for a moment?
Mr. VAN WYCK. I withdraw it.
Mr. DONNELLY. In the present temper
of the House, I would ask whether it would ba
proper for the House to imitate the illustrious
example that was set at the other end of the
avenue and go out and take a drink ? [Great
laughter. ]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I belong,
Mr. Speaker, to the temperance society.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
the question of the gentleman from Minnesota,
but he is always gratified at the settlement of
such differences as these between members
upon the floor.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I now renew the motion
to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at five o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITION.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
By Mr. SCOFIELD: The petition of citi-
zens of Venango county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the removal of all taxes from rock oil.
