SUPPLEMENT TO
he had the very opinions of the Senators and
Bcpresentatives at the time when the law was
passed as a guide to lead and direct him in the
performance of his duty? It does seem to me
that it beggars all belief to say that the Presi-
dentintended anything wrong. Itoatragesour
ideas of common justice and of common sense
to say that there was any purpose or intent
upon his part either to violate the Constitution
or to violate the civil-tenure bill. If Mr. Speed
is correct, and if the other writers are correct,
and the President believed that the law was un-
constitutional, then, until the question at least
was adjudicated by the highest court in the
United States, the President had the right to
exercise his judgment, and you cannot hold
that he was guilty of any criminal intention.
Was ever such a case presented ? How bald,
how naked do these charges appear when you
look at the proof! I will not take up time,
Senators, to turn to the evidence of witnesses
which you all have fresh in your recollection.
Was there ever such a scene in the history of
the world among men claiming to have intel-
ligence, among persons in the exercise of or-
dinary reason and judgment as the scene that
occurred in reference to Mr. Stanton's removal
and the attempt to bring the question before
the courts of justice. There is old General
Thomas, whom they stigmatize a good deal on
the other side ; but I take him. to be a plain,
simple-hearted, honest old gentleman, who
has been forty years in the military service of
the country. If there were any suspicions
about hira, such as the gentleman [Mr. Man-
ager IJoctwell] alluded to yesterday, as to
whether he was in favor of the rebellion or
against it, it is a very extraordinary thing that
Mr. Stanton should send him down to the
southern States, and that he should organize
some seventy or eighty thousand negroes there
to light the battles of the Union. He is a
plain, simple-hearted, honest old man, whose
very countenance is a recommendation to
him before anybody under the heavens hears
hira speak. Perhaps his vanity was a little
tickled by the idea of being appointed Secre-
tary of War. No doubt the old man felt very
comfortable at that elevation for a little while.
But who that heard his testimony in this court
can doubt for a moment his intention to speak
the truth in regard to everything he said if He
goes to the War Department, and you have that
wonderful scene at the time when he attempts to
take possession of the office of Secretary of War.
This he was going to do with force and vio-
lence ! Was there ever such a tiling since the
world began, such an act of force as you had
there between Mr. Thomas and Mr. Stanton
when this proceeding was going 011 ? They
met together like twin brothers. They almost
embraced each other. I believe he said Mr.
Stanton did hug him, or something like that.
[Laughter. ] lie came very near it, if lie did not
actually do it; and in the fullness of his heart
Mr. Stanton became exceedingly kind and
liberal upon the occasion, and he called for
liquor, and had it brought out, and there was
that great dram, containing about one spoon-
ful, fairly, houestiy, equally divided between
these two aspiring Secretaries, and done in a
spirit of fraternity and of love such as I suppose
never was witnessed in a forcible contest 011
the face of the earth before. [Laughter.]
An attempt was made to have this question
settled. Stanton puts his arm around him
and says, "'This is neutral grouud, Thomas,
between you and me; there is 110 war here
when we have this liquor 011 hand;'1 and not
only divided that spoonful, but he felt so good
after lie took that that he seat out and got a
bottle full more. [Laughter.] I suspect. Sena-
tors—I do not know how tiie fact is—but I sus-
pect that old friend Thomas not only felt a
little elevated by the idea of being Secretary
of War ad interim, after having served his
country in a somewhat inferior capacity for a
good while, but I imagine the old man took
so mncli of that good liquor 011 that occasion
that he felt his spirits very much elevated, and
was disposed to talk to Mr. Karsner and all
these other men in the manner in which he
did talk.
And yet they tell you this was force! Oh,
yes, force; attempting forcibly to eject Mr.
Stanton from the office of Secretary of War—
by drinking a spoonful of liquor and helping
to divide a bottle with him! Was there ever
such an idea of force before? This is the
" lame and impotent conclusion" of the pro-
ceeding which we have upon the other side.
Well, they conclude that they will depart
from that neutral ground. After they got out
of the building Mr. Stanton goes along and
he wakes up Mr. Meig3 in the dark hours of
the night—he or some of his friends. It is
idemsonans; it is the same thing, I reckon.
Whatever lie did by others he did by himself.
His friends go and arouse Mr. Meigs in the
dark hours of the night, as if some felony were
about to be committed. They go there as if
they were attempting to raise the hue and ciy.
They wake him from the slumbers of the night
and require him to go to his office to make out
a warrant against old man Thomas for trying
to violate the civil-tenure bill. He rises and
goes to his office with hot haste, something
like the haste in which this impeachment pro-
ceeding was gotten up. He goes to his office.
He issues his warrant with all proper gravity
and decorum, and it is placed in the hands of
an officer, and poor old Thomas, with about a
pint or a quart of liquor in him, [laughter,] is
arrested and taken before a judge to be tried for
this great offense of violating the civil-tenure
bill! He is placed in the custody of an officer
as if he had committed some horrible outrage,
some terrible offense. The officer follows him
over to the President's. He slicks to him like
a leech, closer a good deal than a brother.
[Laughter.] He follows him over there, and
will not allow poor old Thomas to get out of
his sight at all. Oh, you have committed a
terrible offense; you have violated the civil-
tenure bill; you are liable to fine and liable to
imprisonment, and I cannot permit you, sir, to
escape out of my clutches." But at last the
old man gets a lawyer and comes along before
the judge. The lawyers get to discussing the
question before the judge, and strange to say
this terrible offense which it took a midnight
warrant to reach, this terrible offense which it
required a marshal or some other officer with
his tipstaff to take care should not be committed
with impunity, and to hold on to the person of
Thomas so that he could not escape—when
these lawyers cunie to argue it before the judge,
and they began to find out there was some idea
of taking the thing up to the Supreme Court,
the tune was changed. "A change came o'er
the spirit of their dream," and this offense,
which was so terrible a few hours before, sinks
into insignificance, and old man Thomas is dis-
charged, as the judge discharged the turkey at
the table that had been there for a week, upon
his own recognizance. [Laughter.] No case
is to be permitted to be made out for the settle-
ment and adjudication of the Supreme Court
of the United States.
Mr. Secretary Stanton's great warrant re-
minds me of an anecdote, Senators. I am a
very poor hand at telling one, but I believe I
will try it. I do not know whether I shall
succeed in telling it or not. It is one I used
to hear a gentleman in our State of Tennes-
see tell about two Irishmen. They came over
to this country and were very ignorant of our
habits and manners and customs, and particu-
larly in reference to the ''varmints" that
belonged to the United States. They were
walking along one day, and they saw a little
ground squirrel run up on a stump and then go
down into the hollow of the stump. One of
the Irishmen concluded he would catch him
and see what kind of a " baste" it was. So
he put his band down in the hollow, and the
: other one said to him, " Have you got him,
! Pat?" "No," he replied, " by the powers,
i he has got me!" [Laughter.] And that was
j just exactly the way, Senators, with Mr. Stan-
; ton and this great warrant. Instead of get-
: ting Mr. Thomas, they found he was likely
to get them, and therefore he was discharged
upon his own recognizance, and we hear noth-
ing more of his great offense. Whoever heard
of such a proceeding as this intended to be
converted into a grave and terrible and awful
charge against the President of the United
States "or any other man ?" [Laughter.]
Before I pass, Senators, from this view of
the case, allow me to read an authority here,
without comment, in support of a proposition
which I assumed before you awhile ago as to
the force and effect of the long-continued usage
and practice of the Government and the uni-
versal interpretation of the Constitution. I
should have read it before. Chancellor Kent,
in the first volume of his Commentaries, page
528, says:
" A solemn decision upon a point of law arising in
any given ca.so becomes an authority in a like case,
because it is thehighest evidence which we can have of
the law applicable to tlie'subjeet, and the judges are
bound to follow that decision so long as it stands un-
reversed, unless it can be shown that the law was
misunderstood or misapplied in that particular case.
If a-dccision has been made upon solemn argument
and mutu'redeliberatioii.the presumption is in favor
of its correctness, and tiie community have a right
to regard it as a just declaration or exposition of the
law and to regulate their actions and contracts by
it. It would, thciefore, be extremely inconvenient
to the public if precedents wero not duly regarded
and implicitly followed. It is by the notoriety and
stability of such rules that professional men can give
safe advico to those who consult thein. and people in
general can venture with contidortee to buy and trust
and to deal with each other. If judicial decisions
were to be lightly disregarded, we should disturb
and unsettle thegreat landmarks of property. When
a rule has been once deliberately adopted and de-
clared, it ought not to bo disturbed unless by a court
of appeal 01- review, and never by the same court
except for_ very cogent reasons and upon a clcar
manifestation of error, and if the practice were other-
wise it would bo leaving u  iu a state of perplexing
uncertainty as to the law,"
And the very same thing can be said about
the construction of the Constitution and the
acts of the Executive for a long time.
" The language of Sir William Jones is exceedingly
forcible on this point. 'No man,' says he, ' who is
not a lawyer would ever know how to act, and no
man who is a lawyer would, in many instances, know
what to advise unless eourtswere bound by authority
as firmly as the pagan deities were supposed to be
bound by the decrees of fete.'"
I shall not repeat, Senators, what I esteem
to be the unanswerable argument of Judge
Curtis, that the removal of Mr. Stanton is not
a case embraced, or intended to be embraced,
in the tenure-of-civil-office bill according to
the terms of the bill itself. It is enough for
me to refer you to that argument without re-
peating it.
And so, having on this branch of the case
considered the three propositions with which I
set out, having endeavored to demonstrate
upon the first article, first, that the civil-tenure
act is unconstitutional; second, that the action
of the President was not a violation of the
terms of the civil-tenure bill itself, because,
from what occurred at the time that bill was
passed it is manifest that it was not intended
to embrace the Secretaries, as Judge Curtis
showed in his extracts from the remarks that
were made at the time when the bill was passed;
and having shown, third, that if both these
propositions be incorrect, still there was no
intent, so as to maintain the accusation that is
made upon the first article. I pass to the second
article, and will endeavor to make my argument
as brief as possible upon it.
The second article charges, in substance,
that the President was guilty of a high misde-
meanor in office by delivering the letter of
authority to General Thomas while the Senale
was in session, without its advice and consent,
when there was no vacancy, and contrary to
the termre-of-civil-oifice act. In our answer
we show that a vacancy existed when the letter
of authority was delivered ; that the appoint-
ment ad interim was justified by long usage,
though the Senate was in session ; that the
tcmire-of-civil-oflice act was not violated, even
if it is a constitutional law, because the notifi-
cation to the Senate of the removal and the
appointment of Mr. Ewiog shows that there
was no criminal intent, no design to prevent
the Senate from the exercise of its concurrent
