2362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 5, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D., of
"Washington, D. C.
ADMISSION TO IMPEACHMENT TJUAL.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to make a motion
that the members of the United States Medi-
cal-Association, now assembled in this city, be
allowed seats in the gallery.
Mr. SUMNER. i hope so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the medical institution or society have
leave to occupy the galleries.
Mr. SUMNER. Without tickets.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the motion?
Mr. CONKLING. What is the motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is to permit the members of the Medical Asso-
ciation to come into the galleries of the Senate
without tickets.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
know how many there are of the association,
and whether it is possible that they can be
accommodated in the galleries.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 will say in reply that
the number will not amount to more than one
or two hundred, and I am satisfied the Ser-
geant-at-Arms can accommodate them in the
galleries.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. They number
six or seven hundred.
Mr. DRAKE. How are we to know who
the members of that association are if they are
to come in without tickets. I object to the
resolution of the Senator from Pennsylvania in
its present form.
Mr. SUMNER. It is too late to object.
Mr. DRAKE. I object to its adoption; I
d<). not object to its being acted upon. The
vote has not yet been taken upon it. If the
resolution is to be adopted in its present form
then every man who chooses to present himself
at the doors of the Capitol and say that he is a
member of that association can come in, and
who is to prevent him ? If they are to come in
at all by the grace of the Senate it should be
by tickets provided for them and given to them
at their place of meeting. But, sir, they are
to meet to-day, and this is probably the last
day that the argument of this case will proceed.
Of what avail is it to pass this resolution here
when those gentlemen are to be at their own
place of meeting during the very hours of the
session of the Senate? I do not think it is ex-
pedient for us thus to throng the galleries with
two or three hundred additional people when
the whole number of tickets are given out to
the extent that persons can be accommodated
in the gallery. I have great respect for that
association, but I do not see that we are to gain
anything but confusion by granting them this
privilege. The Senators and Representatives
from the States from which these gentlemen
come can furnish them with tickets so far as it
may be necessary that they should have them.
Mr. CAMERON. The resolution. I believe,
was passed prior to these remarks of my friend
from Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. The resolution has not passed.
The negative was not put.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I think it would
be better for him to devise some plan of getting
them ill. To my mind there is no difficulty
about it at all. Itcan be done under the direc-
tion of the Sergeant-at-Arms, and he will give
them tickets or devise some better mode. We
shall not be obliged to accommodate more
than two hundred, and why not let them come
here ?
Mr. GRIMES. I rise to inquire to what
hour the Senate, sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, adjourned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I do not
know that I understood the question of the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. I simply rose to inquire to j
what hour the Senate yesterday, sitting as a j
court of impeachment, adjourned to meet to- j;
day. fi
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Twelve
o'clock. The question is upon the motion of
the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The motion was not agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT OS THE PRESIDENT.
The President pro tempore then vacated the
chair that it might be occupied by the Chief
Justice.
The Senate, sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment, having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the
chair at four o'clock and nine minutes p. m.
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES.
Several executive messages were received
from the President of the United States, by
Mr. W. G. Mooitu, his Secretary.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 5, 1868.
The House inetat twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The readingof the Journal of yesterday was,
by unanimous consent, dispensed with.
COMMITTEE OB' INVESTIGATION.
The SPEAKER announced the following
as the committee of investigation on charges
against Hon. Ignatius Donnelly', appointed
under the resolution of the House of yester-
day : Nathaniel P. Banks, of Massachusetts ;
I^kancis Thomas, of Maryland ; Luke P. Po-
land, of Vermont; John A. Gbiswold, of New
York; Austin Blair, of Michigan; George
W. Woodward, of Pennsylvania, and James
B. Beck, of Kentucky.
CIIAftGE8 AGAINST A MEMBER.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I am requested by my colleague [Mr.
Butler] to ofier the resolution which I send
to the Clerk's desk. I presume there will be
no objection to it.
The SPEAKER. If the resolution gives
rise to debate it will have to be postponed
until the House returns from the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. If objection be made, I give
notice that I will offer it on the return of the
House from the Senate.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Itr-snhed, That thesclcctcommitteo ordered by the
IIouso yc&terday bo also charged, under the author-
ity then given them, with the investigation of the
allegations madoon Friday by the member from New
York, Mr. Brooks, in the words following:
"Sir, the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] will never, never torsive me because I
extorted from him, or was the means of extorting
from him, through the Treasury Derailment here
and through the courts in New York. $00,1)00 in scold
which ho had extorted from a New Yorker in New
Orleans, when he had command there—a sum of
money which he was obliged by the courts of New
Yoik to pay back, not exactly in the gold which ho
appropriated in New Orleans when it was at $2 80,
but in paper as legal tender. It is because of this act
of mine upon the floor of this House, when he was a
commanding general and I as a public man exposed
his acts here, that I am assailed, as I have been by
him to-day, and upon other occasions elsewhere/'
Which allegation,if truo, with theinnuendoes with
which they were made, ought to alfect the position
of the member charged; and if the charge is false,
and not known to be truo by the member making it,
the House may tako such order as may be necossary
and proper to protect members of the House from
false charges.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that this
is a question of privilege, as it affects the char-
acter of a member of the House. It is open,
however, to objection to its consideration at the
present time.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not object to the con-
sideration of the resolution now, if 
Mr. ABNELL. I object to its considera-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. Then I give notice that I
will present it on the return of the House from
the Senate, and I wish to say that I offer it at
the request of my colleague, and not because
I deem it necessary.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not object myself.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Abxell] objects. The Chair gives
notice that business will be transacted on the
return of the House from the Senate.
Some moments afterward,
Mr. ARNELL said: I withdraw my objec-
tion to the consideration of the resolution
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawks.]
The SPEAKER. If there be no other objec-
tion the question will be upon adopting the
resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. I will not object if I can be
permitted to add to it another question of
inquiry in connection with the same matter.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] can present his as a sep-
arate matter at another time.
Mr. BROOKS. I prefer to do it in connec-
tion with this and now.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot consent to that.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I object to the con-
sideration of the resolution now.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the matter will be resumed upon the return of
the House from the Senate this afternoon.
REPORT ON MINING.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, and referred, under the law, to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved. That the same number of copies of the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, inclosing a
report by James W. Taylor upon gold and silver
mines and mining east of the Rocky mountains, bo
printed for the use of tho House of Representatives,
as are ordered of the report of J. ltoss Browne on tlie
mineral resources of the Pacific States and Territo-
ries, and that said reports be bound together.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
having arrived, the House will now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of the
Senate, following the managers and preceded
by the chairman of the Committee of the Whole,
who will be attended by the Clerk and acting
Doorkeeper. There will be business to be
transacted this afternoon upon the return of
the House from the Senate.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, in obedience to the order,
and proceeded to the bar of the Senate.
At four o'clock and ten minutes p. m. the
Committee of the Whole returned to the Hall,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASIIBORNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the managers
to the bar ot the Senate, sitting as a court of
impeachment for the .trial of Andrew Johnson ;
progress has been made in the trial, and the
Sepate, sitting as a court of impeachment, has
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'cIock ib.
w. ii. SHIRLEY.
•j'1.6 SPEAKERt by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a report of
the Quartermaster General on the claim of W.
II. Shirley, in response to a request from the
Committee of Claims; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
WRECK OF STEAMER SCOTLAND.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a communication
irom the Secretary ol War, transmitting, in
compliance with a House resolution of the 'M
ol March, a report bya board of United States
engineers on the condition of the wreck of the
steamer Scotland, now lying in New York har-
Commerce l° ^ Commi"ee on
MANUFACTURERS' NATIONAL RANK.
""animous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. ft. No. 1035) to authorize the
to Xn T1'? N^tl0nal Bank of New York
and « lts location; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency.
pensions.
dueeii ^!n^TjbynUn-X"imous consent. intro-
sixth spm' F'i lOBtij to amend the
section ot the act of July 4, 1864, on the
