8386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
light than as provisional, until substantial,
permanent governments could be inaugurated
under the reconstruction laws. We therefore
have settled the question that the bogus Legis-
lature of Arkansas, organized under the order
of President Johnson in 1865, was not a legal,
constitutional government, and we passed a
law to enable the people of that State to call a
convention, for the purpose of forming a new
constitution and electing a new State govern-
ment, in pursuance of the terms of that act.
They have done so, and the gentlemen who
now present themselves to the Senate and ask
for admission are the persons who were thus
duly elected by the Legislature of Arkansas,
assembled in pursuance of our own laws; and
thus this great constitutional question, so far
as it depends upon the power of Congress, is
settled; it is fixed and forever at an end, so far
as the State of Arkansas is concerned; and all
that remains for us to do here is to keep our
faith with the people of that State, and to admit
Senators properly elected under their new con-
stitution to seats in this body.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I believe the
usage has obtained when a Senator has been
compelled to vote upon a question without offer-
ing a word of explanation of his vote, that he
should take the next debatable question that is
presented to the Senate to explain his reasons.
Availing myself of that privilege, I want to say
one word, while this question is pending, in
explanation of my vote on the question of read-
ing those credentials.
The Senator from Kentucky offered those
credentials and stated that they had been on
the files of the Senate some two years. With
that statement in my ears I thought I could
take judicial notice, if it is proper to use the
expression, that they were precisely the cre-
dentials which have been read—credentials
which were offered here by gentlemen formerly
claiming to be elected to the Senate, and which
were by the vote of the Senate laid upon the
table. I thought, if that was the fact, he had
no right, to present those credentials here. I
supposed he was not rightfully, legally in pos-
session of them. Of course there was no impro-
priety in the Clerk's delivering them to him, or
his taking them, under the usage of the body;
but I supposed that the fact of having them
in his possession under those circumstances did
not authorize him to make any motion upon
them or present them to the Senate. The Sen-
ate had them in its custody.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to say a word ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I made no motion in regard
to them.
Mr. HOWE. I understood the Senator to
move their reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary, with the credentials offered by the
Senator from Nebraska. I understood him to
make that motibn upon those credentials, and
I understood him to call for the reading of
those credentials. 1 thought neither of those
steps could be taken. I was called upon to
vote whether they should be read or not. I
thought they ought not to be read, because the
Senate never had allowed them to be taken off
its table; and yet, by the vote of the Senate,
those papers which bad once been laid upon
the table, without any motion to take them off,
have been read here. It is not a very grievous
thing to complain of. I only take the opportu-
nity to make this statement in justification of
the vote I gave, because I do not think it was
a very heinous vote to give under the circum-
Q0g
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, before
disposing definitely of these credentials I think
it somewhat important that vve should under-
stand exactly what they are, and adopt a rule
that may guide us in regard to similar cases
which will be presented doubtless within a few
days. I see by the newspapers that the Legis-
ture of Florida has also elected Senators, and
Georgia, and North and South Carolina, and
Alabama, will all of them elect Senators in a
few days, I trust, who will present themselves
here. Congress passed a bill,which became a
law yesterday, declaring that the State of
Arkansas was entitled to representation in the
Congress of the United States under the con-
stitution which was formed and adopted by the
people recently, within a few months, and to-
day the credentials of two gentlemen are pre-
sented as having been elected to the Senate
by the Legislature of the State of Arkansas.
These credentials are certified to by the presid-
ing officers of the two houses of the Legisla-
ture of that State. Manifestly this election
did not take place under the act of Congress
prescribing the time and manner of electing
Senators. That act requires the Legislature
of a State, on the second Tuesday after it con-
venes, when there is a vacancy in the office of
Senator from that State, or the term of a Sen-
ator is about to expire, to proceed in each
house separately to vote for a Senator, and to
meet on the next day and compare the votes
of the two houses together, and if both houses
have voted for the same individual that indi-
vidual is declared to be the Senator-elect from
the State; if they have not the two houses then
in joint convention they proceed to elect a Sen-
ator ; and the law further requires that the Gov-
ernor of the State shall give a certificate which
constitutes the credentials, stating the election,
and the law specifies the facts to be stated in
the certificate. The certifiates in these cases
are not in compliance with that act of Congress.
The Senators were elected, as appears by the
certificate, before Congress had passed the act
recognizing the State of Arkansas, or the gov-
ernment which has been setup there as entitled
to representation in Congress, and they present
themselves in the same condition that Senators
elected from new States have always presented
themselves.
It has been the practice from the foundation
of the Government "whenever new States were
formed from Territories for the Legislature,
before the State was formally admitted into the
Union, to organize and elect its Senators, and
when Congress subsequently recognized the
State organization it has been construed to
have relation back to the time when the organ-
ization took place, and the acts of the Legis-
lature have been held to be valid, and the Sen-
ators thus elected, although they were elected
by a Legislature not at the time recognized as
a Legislature of a State of the Union, have
been held to be Senators elected by the Legis-
lature of the State, and have been admitted to
their seats. It was, only within a few years,
perhaps within two or three years—-I have not
the act before me, and do not remember its
precise date—that Congress legislated at all
upon the subject of the election of Senators.
Before that time it left each State, through its
Legislature, to fix its own time and manner
of electing Senators. In some States they
elected by a joint convention of the two houses
composing the Legislature; in other States
each house acted separately, and it required
the joint concurrence of the two houses acting
separately to perfect an election. Now, Con-
gress has legislated : but notwithstanding this
legislation, which does not apply to a ease like
the present or to the ease of new States, it is,
I apprehend, competent for'Congress to recog-
nize an election which has taken place, as this
one in Arkansas has, before the Legislature
was recognized as the legitimate Legislature
of the State and without having the certificate
which is prescribed by the law under which
elections took place in States duly organized.
It is certainly competent for the Senate alone
to pass upon the qualifications and elections
of the members of the body.
Certainly nothing is to be gained by requiring
the particular evidence specified in the statute.
The object of the statute in lequiring the Gov-
ernor to give a certificate of the election of
Senators was to prescribe a mode which should
be simple and convenient and easy of execu-
tion, and to avoid any controversy as to the
evidence ; but if the Senate has satisfactory
evidence of the election, that is all that is
requisite. We have decided that this State
government inaugurated in Arkansas is the
legitimate State government. We have recog-
nized this Legislature as having authority to
elect Senators. It has made that election. I
presume nobody doubts that there is sufficient
evidence on your table of the election of the
gentlemen who have presented themselves here
as having been elected ; and it is now for us to
decide whether we shall receive these gentle-
men notwithstanding the act of Congress. I
think we may do so; and doubtless we could
refuse to do so and compel the Legislature of
Arkansas again to go into an election.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would like to ask my
friend a question as he is speaking on this sub-
ject ; and that is what the rule is in relation
to this form of election which elects one of
these gentlemen to a particular term less than
six years, and another to another term less
than six years. If it were a case of a vacancy
in the representation of a State, of course under
the constitution the State Legislature would fill
up the vacancy after the Governor had exer-
cised his power, if he had done so. If those
States are to be regarded as in the nature of
States whose governments were completely
disorganized, then the question I wish to put
to my friend for his consideration and that of
the Senate is whether these Senators ought
not to have been elected in general and under
the Constitution, which provides the specific
manner of ascertaining their terms, shall be
classified by lot, or whether we ought not now
to go through with the classification as the
Constitution requires. Thatis a question which
I wish to suggest for his consideration, and it
is a question of considerable practical import-
ance under the Constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a subject to
which I had not jiaid special attention, and I
have only given it the reflection which has
been within my power since the question has
been propounded by the Senator from Ver-
mont ; but it seems to me that these Senators are
elected properly in that respect. Arkansas
was a State of the Union, and the terms of
her Senators were fixed when Aikansad was
admitted into the Union as commencing at a
particular time. The period of six years for
which each one serves is a fixed period; and
it is no matter whether Arkansas had Senators
a portion of this time or not. Suppose that
her government had not been disorganized,
but for some reason or other she had had no
Senators for a dozen years ; still the periods
would run on, commencing and terminating at a
particular point of time, which could be ascer-
tained with certainty by going back to the first
drawing of terms by her Senators when the
State was admitted. I have not looked to see,
but I take it for granted that these persons are
elected to fill out terms which have already
commenced. Perhaps the term of one Sen-
ator will terminate on the 4th of March, 1869,
and the other on the 4th of March, 1-873. I
do not know how that may be in this case ; but
these are fixed terms, and there being no Sen-
tors to fill the terms which expire on those
days, and Arkansas having now got into a
position that authorizes here to elect Senators,
she elects them to fill out those terms which
have already commenced to run.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then you claim that
these are vacancies in the representation of the
State, within the meaning of the Constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I claim that the term
having been once fixed, the persons now elected
are elected to fill out those terms which run
on, and there is no necessity for the drawing
of lots. The Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pom-
eroy] has handed me a list showing that in
the case of Arkansas the term of one Senator
will expire on the 4th of March, 1871, and of
the other on the 4th of March, 1873, so that
these terms have gone on in the same manner
as if the State had been represented all the
time. I think there is no difficulty in that
respect, and I see myself no insurmountable
difficulty to allowing these Senators to be sworn
on the evidence which is presented. It will
facilitate the reorganization of these States to
