THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
power ia the appointment of a successor to
the man who was attempted to be removed by
the President.
The third article sets out theletter to Thomas,
charges that he was appointed during the ses-
sion when there was no vacancy, and that this
was a high misdemeanor in office. In our
answer wc rely on the answer to the first arti-
cle; deny that Thomas was "appointed" in
the sense of the term used there, and insist
that he was only temporarily designated ; that
there was no intent to violate the Constitu-
tion or make a permanent appointment; and
we deny that there was no vacancy. Mr. Story
says, in the third volume of his Commentaries,
section 1553, that the Senate are said to have
protested against the creation and appointment
of ministers to Ghent, made during recess;
that on the 20th of April, 1822, they held that
the President could not create the office of
minister and make appointments during the
recess, and that—
" By vacancies they understood to be meant va-
cancies occurring fro ia deatu, resignation, promotion,
and removal. Xhcword ' happen' had relation to some
casualty not provided for by law."
If the Senate are in session when an office is
created and no nomination is made, the Presi-
dent cannot fill the vacancy (for there is none)
during the recess; and upon that question there
is,asalreadyshown, somedifference of opinion.
The fourth article charges the President with
conspiring with Thomas and other persons
unknown with an intent, by intimidation and
threats, unlawfully to hinder and prevent Stan-
ton from holding the office, contrary to the act
of July 31, 1801, and the Constitution, and
charges that in this he was guilty of a "'high
crime in office." It is not necessary for me to
do more than to refer to the answers in con-
nection with these charges, and make an
occasional passing remark upon some of them.
The answer contains a general and specific
denial; protests that Mr. Stanton was not Sec-
retary ; that the act was done to try Mr. Stan-
ton's right; that there was no intimidation or
threats,-either to prevent Stanton or to induce
Thomas, by such means, to obtain the office;
that Mr. Thomas proceeded in a peaceful
manner; that Stanton still retains undisturbed
possession ; and that the fourth article charges
no agreement with Thomas to use threats, and
does not state the threats.
Upon this article I have to say: 1. "Con-
spiracy at common law is an agreement between
two or more persons to do an unlawful act, or
an act which may became in the combination
injurious to others." (1 Bouvier, 281.) "The
indictment must, show that it was intended to
effect an unlawful purpose, or a lawful purpose
by unlawful means." (Wharton, 069; Roscoe,
406.) In 3 Burrowe, page 1321, it was held that
conspiracies may endanger public health, vio-
late public morals, insult public justice, destroy
the public peace, or affect public trade or busi-
ness. It is not necessary that any act should
be done or that any one should be defrauded
or injured. (1 Bouvier, 281, 282.)
2. The act entitled "An act to define and
punish certain conspiracies," approved July
31, 1801, was passed soon after the rebellion
commenced. It provides—1 am not reading
the act; for the sentences of these acts are
very long, as are the sentences of most of the
acts of Congress that I have read ; I only read
in connection the phraseology that pertains, as
I think, to the particular matter charged—it
provides that—
" If two or more persons, within any State or Ter-
ritory of the Unite 1 States, shall conspire together"
* * * * " by force, to prevent, hinder, or
delay the execution of any law of the United States,"
* * * * " each and every person so offend-
ing shall be guilty of a high crime," ka.
On this statute and the fourth article—for I
wish to run over them as rapidly as I can—I
remark,
1. That it is doubtful whether the word
"Territory," as was argued by Judge Curtis,
embraces the District of Columbia acquired
after the Constitution, according to Scott vs.
Supplement—20.
Sandford, 19 Howard, 615; 2 Story on the Con-
stitution, 196 ; the United States vs. Gratiot,
14 Peters, 037.
_ 2. The Constitution, article one, section
eight, clause seventeen, confers the power to
acquire a district not exceeding ten miles
square, and does not use the word "Territory,"
so far as I know, in reference to the District
of Columbia, or the district that was to be
acquired under that provision of the Consti-
tution.
3. The article does not charge that the act
was done "by force," but uses the words "in-
timidation and threats," without setting out
the threats. Although we do not insist here
upon the technicality that it is required in a
declaration or an indictment, yet upon any
principle of correct pleading there ought to be
enough alleged at least \QrfkMr what is the
offense that the party is ohsfiged with, and to
bring the offense within the terms of the stat-
ute, which, as I say, is not done.
4. It charges that the object was to prevent
Stanton from holding the office of Secretary
of War, but does not allege how this was done
to prevent, hinder, or delay the execution of
any law of the United States. It does not set
out or refer to the tenure-of-civil-office act.
0. I maintain, without dwelling upon the
argument, that there is no proof of conspiracy
so as to let in Thomas's declarations, accord-
ing to the principle stated in Roscoe, 414, 417.
6. There is no proof of intimidation and
threats to Stanton.
7. There is no pretense of a high crime in
office as charged in this fourth article.
8. Sergeant Talfourd says a conspiracy is
more difficult to be ascertained precisely than
any other offense for which an indictment
lies—
"An indictment against an officer ofjustiee"—
And this is a mere repetition, with slightly
different phraseology, of a principle I relied
on a while ago—
"An indictment against an oflioer of justice for
misbehavior in office mast charge that the act was
done with corrupt, partial, malicious, or improper
motives, and, above all, with a knowledge that it was
wrong."—Wharton, 733; l£ovcvet 804.
The fifth article charges an unlawful con-
spiracy with Thomas and others unknown to
hinder and prevent the execution of the tenure-
of-civil-office act, and attempting to prevent
Stanton from holding the office of Secretary
of War. In our answer we deny the charge
in its own terms; refer to the answer to the
fourth article; deny that Stanton was Secre-
tary ; and except to the sufficiency of the fifth
article as not showing by what means or what
agreement the alleged conspiracy was formed
or carried out.
In regard to this fifth article I maintain:
1. As to indictments for conspiracy, one
person cannot be convicted. It must be by
two, unless charged "with persons unknown ;"
and for that I refer to Wharton, CJ3, though
that proposition is doubted by Roscoe in his
Criminal Evidence, 418. He says that the
record of acquittal of one is evidence for
another.
2. The tenure-of-civil-office act of March 2,
1867, contains no provision as to "conspiracy."
3. 'The fifth section makes it a high misde-
meanor to accept or hold any employ merit con-
trary to its provisions, &c. And the sixth sec-
tion makes every removal, appointment, or
employment contrary to the provisions of the
act a high misdemeanor.
4. No force is charged in this article under
the act of 1801.
5. We say that no conspiracy is proved.
There is no agreement between the President j
and General Thomas to do any unlawful act
whatever. The President, in virtue of his j
power as President, appoints Mr. Thomas, or I
attempts to appoint him, to the office of Secre- j
tary of War ad interim. He does not direct |
that any force shall be used. He does not j
direct that any unlawful act shall be done. ;
All that he does is simply to make the appoint- i
meat, and he does it with a view, as yon may
infer from all the testimony in the ease, of
having the question judicially settled-.
Something was said by one of the Managers
about General Sherman's testimony in this
connection. General Sherman, in his -testi-
mony, spoke of the thought of force having
crossed his own mind when he was reflecting
about what it might be necessary for him to "do;
but when he was examined the second time, -he
distinctly and explicitly acquitted the Presi-
dent of the United States of ever having inti-
mated to him any design or purpose whatever
to employ force in the ejection of Mr. Stanton
from the office of Secretary of War.
G. We say on this fifth article that if the
tenure-of-office act is unconstitutional no mis-
demeanor can arise out of it.
_ 7. A mere conspiracy to prevent the execu-
tion of the act of 1801 is not indictable. It
must be a forcible conspiracy, or a conspiracy
to act by force.
The sixth article, which I shall consider
briefly, Charges that the President did unlaw-
fully conspire with Lorenzo Thomas by force
to seize, take, and possess the property of the
United States in the Department of War, thea
in the custody of Stanton, contrary to the act
of J uly 31, 18(51, and with intent thenandthere
to violate " an act regulating the tenure of cer-
tain civil offices," and that he was thereby
guilty of a " high crime in office." The denial
to this article is brief and general. It denies
that Stanton was Secretary; denies the con-
spiracy and unlawful intent; and refers to
former answers. The first section of the conspir-
acy act of 18G1 declares that—
" If two or more persons within any State or Terri-
tory of the UnitedStatesshailconspire together" . *
* * * "by force to seize, take, or possess
any property of the United States against the will or
contrary to the authority of tho United States," *
* * * " each and every person so offending
shall be guilty of a high crime," &c.
On this act and article 1 argue :
1. That the President is not "a person"
within the meaning of the act, and that official
delinquency isalways appropriately designated.
2. Tie is Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy, may recommend laws, command the
Army and Navy and the militia when called
into active service, require opinions in writing
from his Cabinet officers, and he is required to
take care that the laws be faithfully executed.
3. From these powers it results that the De-
partment of War and the Secretary are under
his control, and that he cannot be charged with
seizing a thing which he had the right to take
or to control by means of his authority over
the Secretary of War.
4. The article does not charge that he at-
tempted to seize, take, and possess the property
" against the will or contrary to the authority
of the United States," so as to bring the crime
within the definition of the act of 1861.
The seventh article charges the President
with conspiring with Thomas unlawfully to
seize, take, and possess the property of the
United States in the Department of War m
the custody of Stanton, Secretary for the De-
partment, with intent to violate tho act regu-
lating the tenure of certain civil offices, as a
"high misdemeanor in office." The answer
denies and negatives the terms of the charge,
refers to former answers, and alleges that the
allegations are insufficient.
I scarcely think any argument is necessary
upon this seventh article, though I will say
briefly that I do not sec any violation of the
President's oath of office in this or any other
case ; that, for the reasons already indicated,
in view of the authorities which have already
been read, there was no conspiracy ; that the
intent to seize, take, and possess the property
in the War Department is not an offense within
the tenure-of-civil-office act: that Thomas's
declarations are no evidence of the conspiracy,
as shown in Itoscoe, 414, 417. Mr. Starkie
says that mere detached declarations and con-
fessions of persons not defendants, not made
in the prosecution of the objects of the con-
