186a
THE CGNG-KESSIONAL GLOBE.
2363
subject of pensions, so as to authorize pensions
to be granted in certain cases from the date of
the discharge or death of the soldier; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
message prom the president.
A message in writing from the President
was delivered to the House by Colonel Wil-
liam G. Moore, his Secretary.
leave of absence.
Mr. HAWKINS asked and obtained leave
of absence for four days.
land grant to minnesota.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. li. No. 1037) making a
grant of lands to the State of Minnesota to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Taylor's
Palls, via Saint Cloud, to the western boundary
of said State; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
appointments in interior department.
Mr. MILLER. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for considera-
tion at this time:
Metolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and is hereby, requested to inform this llouse of the
number and names of clerks appointed in his De-
partment since the 1st of April last, and by whom
recommended.
Mr. ELDPJDGE. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to the form of the resolution.
Mr. MILLER. Then I give notice that I
will offer It on Monday next.
charges against a member. '
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. During the proceedings
to-day, before the House proceeded to the bar
of the Senate, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. DawesJ submitted the following
resolution as a question of privilege:
llcsolv-d, That the select committee ordered by the
House yesterday be also charged, under the author-
ity then given thorn, with the investigation of the
alienations mado on Friday by the member from
ftcw York, [Jlr. Brooks,J in the words following:
" Sir, the houorablegenUeman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butldr] will never,neverforgive me because I
extorted liom him, or was the means of extorting
from him, through the Treasury Department here
and turough the courts in New York. ifiO.OOO in gold
which ho iiad extorted trum a New Yoiker in New
Orleans, when he had command there—a sum of
money which he was obliged by the courts of New
Yoik to pay back, not exactly in the gold which he
appropriated in Now Orleans when it was at $2 80,
but in paper as legal tender. It is because of this act
ot mine upon the floor of this llouse, when he was
acommandinggonorul and I asa public iftan exposed
his acts here, that I alii assailed, as I have been by
him 1 o-day, and upon other occasions elsewhere."
Which allegations, if true, with the innuendoes with
which they were made, ought to affect the position
of the member charged; and, if the charge is false
and not linovvn to be true by tho member making it,
tile llouse may take such order as may be necessary
and proper to protect members of the Houso irom
false charges.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the Chair rule that
that resolution is privileged?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so ruled.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
objected to the consideration of the resolution
except on some conditions. The question,
therefore, is, Will the House now consider it?
If no objection is made, the gentleman from
New York will be permitted to state briefly the
reasons for his objection.
Mr. BROOMALL. Let him have five min-
utes.
No objection was made.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I desire, in
connection with this proposition of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] to
have also investigated other allegations made
in the debate referred to. Among other charges
which were made against me on that occasion
was one involving a question of veracity be-
tween the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] and a person in New York to whom
he referred as plaintiff in a certain lawsuit
against me. The allegation was—
"Some time ago there was a case where one
Olarko" 
Mr. DAWES. I suggest that upon the ques-
tion whether the House will consider the reso-
lution the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] is not in order in debating the merits
of something else.
The SPEAKER. The House has by unan-
imous consent allowed the gentleman from
New York five minutes to state the ground of
his objection. _ The Chair understood him this
morning to object to the consideration of this
resolution unless there should be added to it
something which he did not then state.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suppose the time occu-
pied by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] will not come out of the five minutes
of the gentleman from New York?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will note the
time, and will do full justice to the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Bctlek] said in the debate the
other day that—
" Some time ago there was a case where one Clarke
sued a fellow by the name ofBrooks for part owner-
ship in the New York Express, and there was a diffi-
culty between Erastus Brooks and the other partner
about a division of the spoils. They brought him
iButler] the case and showed him that the two
Jrookses had robbed this Clarke. He [Butler] said
he did not love the firm ; ho would havo nothing to
do with it: it was a na'ty affair and not so fertile as
guano; he saw the case in court and saw the Brookses
beaten."
I hold in my hand a telegram from Mr.
Clarke to myself, which was transmitted to me
yesterday, and I have also before me a letter
addressed to my brother, Hon. Erastus Brooks,
of New York. The letter reads as follows:
New York, Man i, 1868.
Dear Sir: Inregardto the"Express suif'alluded
to by General Butler on Friday last, allow me to
say that it was never offered to him by mo, directly
or indirectly, and that I never heard his name con-
nected with it until Saturday last, on reading the
debate of tho day before. His entire statement has
not the shadow of truth to rest upon.
Yours, truly, g. T. CLARKE.
Hon. Erastus Brooks.
In connection with this I desire to say that
Mr. S. T. Clarke was the plaintiff in this suit
against me ; and I desire to say further, in jus-
tice to him and his honorable profession as a
journalist, that he is a leading and large pro-
prietor of the New York Tribune and is one of
the editors—the money editor—of that paper.
The telegram to which I have referred is to
the same effect as the letter. It is in these
words:
New York, May i, 1868.
Hon. James Brooks.
Butlkk's story about the Express suit is without
a shadow of truth. It was never oifered to him by
me in any torm. S. T. CLARKE.
What I want llie committee now to investi-
gate is the question of veiacity between Mr.
Clarke, an editor of the New York Tribune,
and the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler.] This question of veracity
interests the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts far more than it does me. I would
like to have it settled at the same time with
the other question with regard to the gentleman.
I cannot comprehend why the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
who has offered this resolution, should insist
upon an investigation of the circumstances
connected with the payment of the compara-
tively small sum of $60,U00, passing into the
hands of a military commander amid the scenes
of war during which there was very likely to
be much rapacity—I cannot understand the
logical distinction in the gentleman's mind
which makes him demand an investigation in
regard to that $60,000, when the other day,
upon a question involving the conduct of the
same honorable member, his colleague from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] as a manager on
the part of this House in the impeachment, he
voted no upon my proposition to appoint a
special committee to investigate the Alta Vela
controverS3', involving, as I then remarked,
over a million of dollars. Why the gentleman
should feel so deeply interested in this investi-
gation as to $60,000 and so indifferent as to a
matter involving $1,000,000, and at the same
time involving the character of the House and
the character of the honorable member, his
colleague, it is not within my power to determ-
ine. If this matter of the gold is to be investi-
gated it seems to me necessary that it should
be followed up by other investigations con-
nected with the whole administration of Gen-
eral Butler as commander of the New Orleans
or Louisiana department.
The SPEAKER. The time of thegentleman
from New York has expired. He has occupied
five minutes since the interruption of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. BROOKS. I would like to have less
than five minutes more to complete my expla-
nation.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to grant-
ing the gentleman from New York further time
to complete his explanation ?
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
Mr. MYERS. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Will the
House now consider the resolution of privilege
introduced by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts? This question is not debatable except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask that the res-
olution be again reported.
Mr. CARY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not yet
before the House. The question is, Will the
House now consider it ?
The resolution was again read.
Mr. MYERS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to state to the House
why I offer this resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. For five minutes?
Mr. DAWES. I do not want two minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. It is the same time al-
lowed the gentleman from New York.
Mr. DAWES. I offered this resolution at
the request of my colleague, upon whose char-
acter for integrity the charge cited reflects. ■ It
is for the House to say, when a member of the
House makes a charge against a fellow-mem-
ber, and that fellow-member asks for an invest-
igation of the truth of the charge, whether
they shall grant it. I do it entirely at the re-
quest of my colleague, and not because I my-
self or any of his colleagues believe there is
any ground for that charge even sufficient for
an investigation. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It does not need the pre-
vious question, as the question is not debatable.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not wish (o debate
it unless the House gives unanimous consent.
I ask for five minutes to make some sugges-
tions, and I would rather have them now than
after the House has declined to consider and
act on the resolution. However, at one or the
other points of time I desire to have a moment
or two to make a remark on this subject.
[Cries of "Go on!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin asks for five minutes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 object.
Mr. MYERS. If it be not distasteful to the
House I insist on my motion to adjourn. I
think that we had better adjourn.
south carolina and arkansas elections.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
Chair will lay before the House a brief message
from the President of the United States. If it
gives rise to debate it will be withdrawn and
presented hereafter regularly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let rne
suggest to the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania
to withdraw the motion to adjourn, so we may
dispose of this matter to-day. It is the under-
standing, if this message gives rise to debate,
it is to go over.
The SPEAKER. So the Chair has stated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting documents
