1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1339
partment, and leave the President and his
Cabinet to their own responsibility. And this
is not only my opinion ; it is the highest mili-
tary opinion of the other side of the House. It
is the opinion, too, of the Senate of the United
States, certainly of the conference committee
that acted as the organ of the Senate when
the tenure-of-office act was passed.
It will be recollected this House, under the
inspiration of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenok,] insisted that Cabinet officers should
be subjected, among others, to this tenure-of-
office act. It will be recollected, too, that the
Senate of the United States resisted this through-
out, and it was only to save the act itself that
the Senate consented to compromise. A com-
mittee of conference between the two Houses
was appointed ; on the part of the Senate con-
sisting of the following gentlemen, as appears
by the report which I have before me : George
II. Wtltjams and Jons Sherman ; and Robert
C. Schenok, Thomas Williams, and James P.
Wilson, on the part of the House ; and when
this report was made to the Senate, in order
to induce the Senate to submit to the law thus
framed, I will read what was said by the mem-
bers of the conference committee. It will be
found on page 1515 of the Congressional Globe
for the second session of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress. Mr. Williams, a member of the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the Senate,
stated:
"This amendment provides that when the term of
office of the President expires the office of the mem-
bers of the Cabinot shall also expire, with a provision
that they may continue in office for ono month, so as
to enable the incoming President to arrange his now
Cabinet."
Further on he says:
"I will adil that I have from the beginning of this
controversy regarded this as quite an immatcria.1
matter, notwithstanding the fact that the two Houses
have been very tenacious in the respective positions
they have taken, for I have no doubt that any Cabi-
net minister who has a particle of self-respect—and
we can hardly suppose that any man would occupyso
responsible an office without having that feeling—
would decline to remain in the Cabinet after the
President, had signified to him that his prcsenco was
no longer needed. As amattcr of course, the etfeetof
this provision will amount to very little one way or
the other; for I presume whenever the President sees
proper to rid himself of an offensive or disagreeable
Cabinet minister he will only have to signify that
desire and the minister will retire and a new ap-
pointmentwill be made; but itwasconsirlered bythe
committee of conference that this report was in ac-
cordance with the spirit of the bill, and the only one
upon which we could agree."
Now, Mr. Sherman, who is the father of all
your recent reconstruction measures, more or
"less, in the Senate, and to whom, therefore, a
certain amount of deference is due beyond
that of any other Senator in Congress, not only
as a Senator but as a member of the commit-
tee on conference, says:
"X take it that no case can arise or is likely to
arise where a Cabinet minister will attempt to hold
on to his office after his chief desires his removal. I
can scarcely conceive of such a case. I think that
no gentleman, (Mr. Brooks repeated tlie word,) no
man with any sense of honor, (Mr, Brooks repeated
the sentence, and emphasised the words 'sense of
honor,') would hold a position as a Cabinet officer
after his chief desired his removal, and, therefore,
the slightest intimation on the part of the President
would always secure the resignation of a Cabinet
officer. For this reason I do not wish to jeopard
this bill by an unimportant and collateral question.
I will not detain the House by a further read-
ding of this debate. It will be found through-
out that it was the general opinion of the
Senate, and upon that the Senate acted, and
the House has understood it that, so far as the
existing officers were appointed by Mr. Lin-
coln, they continued to hold office at the
pleasure of the President, and that the pro-
vision of the first section of the act exempted
them from its general provisions.
And now, Mr. Speaker, after these solemn
acts of Congress, unrepealed too, and after at
best, if you choose to construe it, this doubt-
ful expo'sition of the meaning of the tenure-of-
office act, what is proposed to be done on this
22d of February, 1868, but to remove the Pres-
ident from office because he has followed the
advice of Mr. Sherman and Mr. Williams in
the Senate, the official exponents of that body
on the committee of conference, and because
he has obeyed preceding acts of Congress of
1795. I say that ingenuity must be weak, pow-
ers of invention must be small, their faculties
of imagination must be poor, and their logic
worse, if they cannot contrive a better cause
of impeachment than this, after having pre-
viously refused by a large majority of this
House to impeach the President on the for-
mer report of the Judiciary Committee when
"crimes and misdemeanors" twenty thousand
times stronger, if possible, could be found
against him than are to be found against him
here. Why this late discovery, at this late
period, but to maintain Mr. Stanton in office ?
Why this overthrow of acts of Congress ? Why
this perversion of the official tenure-of-office
act ? Why this repudiation of the construction
which the Senate gave to this law? Why all
this, when better reasons could have been in-
vented, imagined, or devised to impeach the
President of the United States ?
And now, Mr. Speaker, having, in the brief
time that lias been allowed me, very imper-
fectly discussed the law and the facts in the
case, and with no knowledge of it save the few
moments that 1 have had to examine it this
morning, because of the precipitancy with which
it has been hurried forward, I beg the House
to consider the higher duties which it owes to
this country and to itself than this impeach-
ment of a President of their own choosing,
because he has not construed the laws as they
understand them. We have higher, nobler, and
better duties to discharge than those duo to
party. We who may be here now will not be
here hereafter, but what we are doing will be
remembered through all time. Our children
will come after us. History will make the
record of our startling proceedings. Above all,
we establish a precedent which will be used in
republican forms of Government throughout
all time to the injury and overthrow of free in-
stitutions. It is a beautiful fact in the history
of our country in times past that whatever party
might be in power, Republican or Democratic,
Federal or Whig, which ever had the control
of the Government, hitherto the institutions of
the country have been respected by the party
in power. No party has ever attempted to
obtain power in the overthrow and destruction
of our form of Government. No Administra-
tion was more odious than that of Adams prior
to the year 1800, but the Democrats of that day,
though denounced, traduced, and imprisoned
even, awaited the verdict of the ballot-box.
Tliey never attempted to destroy the institu-
tions ot the country.
The Federalists in their day had control of
this House—men of intellect but of violent
character, butmen, nevertheless, who respected
the institutions of their country, men whom
the country respected because of their intellect
and of their weight of character—the Ameses,
the Otises, the Quincys of Massachusetts, and
the renowned men of other States. But those
men, in order to obtain possession of party
power, never attemped to overthrow the frame-
work of the Government or the institutions of
their country. The Democracy have been in
power and have been out of power, but, over-
thrown and trodden down for the time being,
they have always respected the authorities, the
decisions, the precedents, the departments of
this Government, and have never obtained or
attempted to obtain power by the the overthrow
of its institutions. Here, for the first time in
the history of our country, a party committee
comes before a party Congress and demands
the deposition of the President of the United
States because of two definitions and two con-
structions which are given in good faith to a
certain act of Congress.
I beg the party upon the other side to con-
sider the iatal danger of establishing such a
precedent as this. Suppose you succeed, sup-
pose you make the President of the Senate
President of the United States, you settle that
hereafter a party having a sufficient majority in
the House and the Senate can depose the Pres-
ident of tlie United States. \ou establish a
precedent which all future parties in all time
to come will look to. The curse of all other
countries, the curse of Prance, the curse of the
South American republics, has been that they
have followed such a precedent as you call upon
us to establish here—the overthrow of their
executive, not by law, not by Constitution, but
by the irregular and arbitrary and revolutionary
exercise of power, in order merely to obtain a
temporary possession of the Government. Is
the possession of this Government, the pos-
session of these offices from now until March,
1869, worth the sacrifice of our country, the
sacrifice of our institutions we are called upon
to make by the report of the Committee on
Reconstruction? 1 beg you, then, to desist
from that precedent with more than common
earnestness and with a horror of the fnture if
you follow on in this wild, revolutionary course.
In the name of all history as well as all right,
in the name of the present, in the name of the
future, in the name of your children and of
mine and of our children's children, I implore
you to respect the institutions of your country
and to fly from and beware of this terrible, fatal
precedent of the deposition of the executive
branch of the Government.
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. SPALDING. Will my colleague yield
me five or ten minutes?
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield my colleague ten
minutes.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I feel my-
self to be in no proper frame of mind or heart
to attempt rhetorical display on this occasion.
I can appreciate the sentiments of the gentle-
man from Now York [Mr. Brooks] when he
says the question before us is filled with solem-
nity ; but when he attempts by gasconade to
deter members on this side of the House from
the conscientious discharge of their duty I say
to my friend that he has "mistaken his calling."
Sir, no more important duty could be devolved
upon this.House of Representatives than that
of considering the question whether articles of
impeachment shall be preferred against the
Chief Magistrate of the United States; and for
long months, ay, for more than a year, sir, I
have resisted, with all my efforts and all my
personal influence, the approach of that crisis
which is now upon us and before us. The
President has done many, very many, censur-
able acts; but I could not, on my conscience,
say that he should be holden to answer upon a
charge of "high crimes and misdemeanors"
until something could be made tangible whereby
he had brought himself in open conflict with
the Constitution and laws of the Union.
It has seemed to me, sir, for weeks, that
this high officer of our Government was in-
viting the very ordeal which, I am sorry to say,
is now upon us, and the dread consequences
of which will speedily be upon him. _ He has
thrown himself violently in contact with an act
of Congress passed on the 2d day of March
last by the votes of the constitutional two
thirds of the Senate and two thirds of the House
of Representatives over his veto assigning his
reasons for withholding his assent. Now, it
matters not how many acts can be found upon
the statute-books in years gone by that would
sanction the removal of a Cabinet officer by
the President; the gentleman from New York
numbers three. lie may reckon up thirty or
three hundred and still if, within the last six
or nine montlis, Congress has, in a constitu-
tional manner, made an enactment that pro-
hibits such removal, and the Executive wan-
tonly disregards such enactment and attempts
to remove the officer, he incurs the penalty as
clearly and as certainly as if there never had
been any legislation to the contrary. ^ j hat
subsequent enactment, if it be constitutional,
repeals, by its own force, all other prior enact-
ments with which it may conflict; and in noth-
in or ^ that enactment more significant than in
tins, that the President shall not remove any
civil officer, who has been appointed by and
with the adviee and consent of the Senate,
without the concurrence of that body, when it
is itself in session. It, is true that the riglitof
suspension was given to the Executive daring
