4412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
E. Btttler, Cake, Cary, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Cullom, IXt.we.-., Delano, Dixon, Dockcry, Ecklcy,
Bldridge, Eliot, Ferriss, Gefz, (llosshrenner, Golla-
day, Grover, Haight, Halsey, Hill, Ilotchkiss, Hun-
ter, Johnson, Thomas L.Jones. Judd, Kerr, Ivetcham,
Knott.. Koontz, Laflin, Lash, Mallory, MeCullough,
McKee, Morcur. Moore, Muoccn, Niblack, Ortb,
Perliam, Phelps, Pike, Poland Pomeroy, Robertson,
Ross, Sawyer, Scolield, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Taber, Law-
rence S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichcli. Van Aer-
nam. Bart Van Horn. Van Trump, Van Wyck,Eiihu
B. Washburnc, William B. Washburn, Stephen F.
Wilson, and Windom—75.
NAl'S—Mean. Ames, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
James JM. Ashley, Bailey. Banks. Beatty, Benton,
Bingham. Blackburn, Boles. Boutwell, Bowen,
Bromwcll, Buekland, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler,
Callis, Sidney Ciarke, Cobb, Coburn, Oovode, De-
weose, Driygs, Ela, Farnsworth, Fields, trench, Gar-
field, Goss. Gravely, Hamilton. Ilaugney, Hawkins,
Ileaton, Iligby, Hinds, Hooper, Hopkins, Ingersoli,
Jenekes, Alexander XI. Jones, Kelley, Willinui Law-
rence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Mnynard, MeClurg,
Miller, Mullins, Myers, Nunn, O'Neill, Paine, Pile,
Plants, Polsley, Scbenck, Stokes, Sypher, Taffe,
Taylor, Thomas. John Trimble, Vidal, Ward, Henry
D. Washburn, Wolker, Wliittemore, and William
Williams—71.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Barnes,
Barnuin, Beaman. Benjamin, Blaine, lioyer. Brooks,
Burr, Chanler, Cook, Cornell, Dodge, Donnelly,
Eggleston. Ferry, Finney, Fox. Griswold, Harding,
Holman, A*a.hel W. llubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Richard T). Hubhard, Hulburd. Humphrey, Julian,
Rellogc, Kelsey, Kitchen,George V.Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Lynch, Mann, Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy,
McCoriniek, Moorbead, Morrell, Morrissey, New-
corab, Newsliam, Nicholson. Norris, Peters, Pierce,
Price, Pruyn, Kandall, Raum. Robinson, Roots,
Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Spalding, Thnddeus
Stevens, Stone, Upson. Van Aukon, Itobeit T. Van
Horn, Cndwalader C. Washburn, Thomas AVilliams,
JamesF. Wilson, John T. Wilson, W ood, Woodbridge,
and Woodward—70.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. RAUM stated that he was paired on this
question with Mr. Marshall, or he would have
voted in the negative.
Mr. ALLISON stated that he had paired
with Mr. Brooks on this question, or he would
have voted no.
Mr. KELSEY stated that he was paired
on this question with Mr. Wilson, of Iowa.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am opposed to the
recess, but for the sake of getting this House
away from hero I vote ay.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I rise to make a report
from a committee of conference.
ILLINOIS IliON AND HOLT COMPANY.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask leave to report
back from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill for the relief of the Illinois Iron and
Bolt Company. It will take but a single
moment, and is of some importance.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. I object.
LAND SCRIP IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield for a moment
to the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Whittbmoms.]
Mi\ WHITTEMORE, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No.
350) relative to land scrip in the State of South
Carolina ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
REPRESENTATIVES FROM GEORGIA.
Mr. DAWES presented the credentials of
Samuel F. Gove, of the fourth congressional
district, and _C. _ H. Prince, of the fifth con-
gressional district of the State of Georgia,
claiming to_ have been duly elected members
of the Fortieth Congress ; and the same were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
POSTAL LAWS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH submitted the follow-
ing report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (U. R. No. 1205)
to further amend the postal laws, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the Senate amendments to said bill, with the follow-
ing amendments: section thirteen, lino five, strike
out all after " whatever."
At the end of section fourteen add, "all other
blank agencies are hereby abolished."
JOHN F. FARNSWORTH,
JOHN IIIXL,
Manageri on the part of the ITontie.
ALEXANDER RAMSEY,
JAM15S HARLAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The question was upon agreeing to the re-
port of the committee of conference.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
California, [Mr. Johnson,] who was a member
of the committee of conference, also concurred
in this report, but was not present when the
report was handed around for signatures.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is correct.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to have read the House bill and the amend-
ments of the Senate to that bill, in order in the
first place to see what arc the changes which
the Senate propose, then what amendments the
committee of conference disagree to, and then
what the committee agree to.
The SPEAKER. By a ruling of Mr. Speaker
Banks, in the Thirty-Fourth Congress, and
affirmed upon an appeal to the House, nothing
can be read when a conferenceeommittee sub-
mit a report but that report, except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
be glad to have it read, because I think there
can be no objection to our being informed in
regard to the legislation here proposed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to that be-
cause the bill is very long, and I can explain
it in less time than it will take to read it. The
conferees on the part of the House agree to
recede from their disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate, with amendments. One
is to strike out a clause in one of the Senate
amendments which authorizes postmasters if
they suspect that any letters or circulars con-
cern lotteries to take them from the mails
and forward them to the dead letter office.
We thought that was a dangerous power to
confer upon postmasters, and therefore we have
stricken it out. That section provides that it
shall be unlawful to deposit in the mails any let-
ters or circulars relating to lotteries, which
we thought would be a wise provision. But we
thought it would not be wise to give postmas-
ters this extraordinary power to be exercised
upon a mere suspicion.
The other amendment to which the conferees
agree is to add a provision to the Senate
amendment for the establishment of a blank
agency of the Post Office Department in the
city of Washington, which provision abolishes
all other blank agencies. I believe the Depart-
ment now has four blank agencies, agencies
for the distribution of blanks to the post offices
of the United States ; one in the city of New
York, one in Buffalo, I believe, one I think in
Cincinnati, and one in Washington. I may be
mistaken in the names of the particul ar places.
It is found that it is much more convenient to
have but one blank agency, and that here in
the city of Washington, at the Department,
than to have agencies scattered around through
the country. These blank agencies were ori-
ginally established before the days of railroads,
and the means of quick and easy transportation
thereby afforded. This establishment of one
agency in the city of Washington, in place of
all there are now, and the provision for the
appointment of the blank agent and the neces-
sary clerks and employes under him, will save
the Government at least S000 in expenses.
I suppose no one will object to that, because
one agency will certainly cost less than four
will.
Mr. RAUM. I wish to ask whether all the
blanks distributed from this blank agency will
be gotten up in Washington city?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not necessarily.
Mr. RAUM. If everything of that kind be
gotten up here, the cost will be twenty per
cent, more than in New York.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The existing law
requires that the blanks shall be delivered ; the
only question presented by this bill is as to the
establishment of an agency toattend to this
business. I will state for the information of
the House that this bill as originally passed
by the House comprised three sections. The
first provided for the return of letters where a
direction was placed upon them for return
within a certain number of days. The second
section provided a different scate from
present for money orders. The third section
provided for the free delivery ol weekly news-
papers within the county where published or
within thirty miles of the place of publication,
construing and explaining the law passed some
years ago, making it more satisfactory to the
publishers of weekly newspapers in the coun-
try. The Seriate has added several sections ;
and we believe they are all necessary. _ They
have added a section providing for the issuing
of a duplicate money order in case of the loss
of the original order, proper provision being
made to prevent the duplication of orders where
the original is not actually lost. There are
two or three sections added by the Senate pro-
viding for the punishmentof forgery and other
crimes against the Post- Office Department
where there seemed to be a lack ot necessary
legal provision for that purpose.
The Senate has also provided for the appoint-
ment of a new officer. There is in the Post
Office Department a clerk who takes charge
of the foreign mail department. He is only
a clerk detailed for that purpose, receiving a
salary, I think, of $2,500 a year. This bill
proposes to make him the head of a division
of foreign mails, and increases his salary by
the addition of §500.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would like to know
whether this bill makes any appropriation for
the erection of a post office in the city of New
York.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir ; it does not.
I wish to state in regard to the foreign mail ser-
vice that within the last ten years the postage
upon the exchange of letters with foreign coun-
trieshas increased over one million dollars. The
postage now is some two million four hundred
thousand dollars upon letters exchanged with
foreign countries. We have recently negotiated
a number of foreign postal treaties, and this
branch of our postal service has become so large
that the Department asks, and we have agreed
to give it, a superintendent of foreign mail ser-
vice. The officer who at present takes charge
of this branch of business will be the super-
intendent, his salary being increased by the
addition of §500.
The Senate amendment also provides that
the Postmaster General may appoint an agent
to go out with each of the mails on the mail
steamships to China and Japan. At pres-
ent the law provides that the Postmaster Gen-
eral may send special agents on such service.
He does so at a cost, in each case, of 81,600,
salary, and I think four dollars a day for
expenses. This bill provides that the agent
shall be appointed at a salary of $2,000, which
is less than the amount already paid to the
special agents sent out under the existing law.
The bill also provides that the Postmaster
General may appoint the necessary agents in
China, for the purpose of taking" charge of
our mails and distributing them there. The
House, I suppose, is aware of the fact that we
have no postal arrangement with China, China
having no postal system. The result is that
our mails when sent out there have to be left
with the consul. For the extra labor of at-
tending to those mails he receives only such
extra pay as the Postmaster General mar see
ht to give him. Sometimes our consuls" can-
a - it °'mrSe ^is business. It is a labor
which they cannot properly perform for want
ot the required facilities. It is necessary that
the Department should provide some agent for
his purpose. The Postmaster General under
j?1,11 Wl11 employ, at as small an expense as
possible, a consul or some other person livino-
out there who w,ll take charge of the mails
when they are sent ashore from the steamship
and attend to their distribution. I believe.
