306
SUPPLEMENT TO
spiraiey, are not evidence even to prove the
existence of a conspiracy.
In. reference to the eighth article, which
charges that the President committed and was
guilty of a high misdemeanor in issuing and
delivering to Thomas a letter of authority "with
intent unlawfully to control the disbursements
of the moneys appropriated for the military
service and for the Department of War," con-
trary to the act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices, without the consent of the Senate,
while the Senate was in session, and there
being no vacancy, the answer admits the issu-
ance of the letter of authority, but denies any
unlawful intent; insists that there was a va-
cancy, and that his object was to bring the
question to a decision before the Supreme Court.
Upon this article, 1 remark: 1. There is no
provision in the tenure-of-civil-office act against
" an intent unlawfully to con'rol the disburse-
ments of the moneys appropriated for the mil-
itary service and the Department of War,"
and no offense can be lawfully imputed of such
aa intention.
2. Under the constitutional provision that
the President shall "take care that the laws
be faithfully executed," the President may
make and repeal Army rules and regulations
as to pay for extra service, there being no
legislation on the subject, and he may law-
fully exercise a general supervision and con-
trol over the acts of the Secretary and other
subordinates as to the disbursement of moneys,
as was determined by the Supreme Court of
the United States in the case of the United
States vs. Eliason, 10 Peters, 291; 14 Cur-
tis, 304.
8. The President's powers, as declared by
the Supreme Court of the United States, time
and again, are such as we maintain that no
offense can be predicated of these acts. With-
out citing all the decisions, I refer to the case
of Wilcox vs. Jackson, IS Peters, 498, where
it is said that the President acts in many cases
through the heads of Departments, and the
Secretary of War, having directed a scction of
land to be reserved for military purposes, the
court presumed it to have been done by direc-
tion ot the President, and held it to bo by law
his act; which, by the way, if I deemed it
necessary, would be a very good authority to
comment upon, in answer to the argument of
the honorable Managers, that no implication
results in favor of the powers which are con-
ferred upon the President under the Constitu-
tion. There is a case where, to all intents and
purposes, the Supreme Court enforced the doc-
trine of implication in his favor, and held that
it would be presumed that tho Secretary had
acted by direction of the President himself,
and that that would be a sufficient protection
to him.
_ The ninth article takes us into a somewhat
different field; and I believe when we get there
we part for a season at least with Mr. Stan-
ton. The ninth article charges the President
with instructing Brevet Major General Emory
that a part of the act passed March 2, 18(17,
entitled " An act makingappropriations," &c.,
and especially the second scction thereof,
directing that all orders from the President
shall be issued through the General of the
Army, which had been promulgated by general
orders for the government of the Army of the
UnitedStat.es, was unconstitutional, with intent
to induce Emory, as commander of the depart-
ment of Washington, to violate the provisions
of said act, and to obey the orders of the Pres-
ident, and also with intent to violate the act
regulating the tenure of civil offices, and to
prevent Stanton from holding the office of Sec-
retary of War.
The answer to this ninth article sets out, in
substance, the note of the 22d of February,
requesting Emory to call, the object being to
be advised as to the military changes made
in the department of Washington which had
not been brought to the respondent's notice.
Emory called respondent's attention to the
second section of the appropriation act. Re- 1
spondent said it was not constitutional. The
conversation is stated, and you have seen that
there is no substantial difference, as I under-
stand it, between the conversation as set out
in the President's answer and the conversa-
tion as stated by General Emory himself. The
President says that he did not order or request
Emory to disobey any law; that he merely ex-
pressed an opinion that the law was in con-
flict with the Constitution; and General Emory
sustains that to all intents and purposes, for,
when the subject was introduced, General Em-
ory interrupted the President, and called his
attention to this appropriation act.
I have to say in reference to this ninth article,
that the Constitution, article two, section two,
with which you are all familiar, provides that
"the President shail be Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and the United States and of
the militia of thunBdt'ral States when called into
the actual service of the United States." The
object of this provision, without turning to the
cases and taking up your time in reading them,
as is stated in 1 Kent, 283 ; 3 Eliot's Debates,
103; Story on the Constitution, sections 1491,
1492; and 5 Marshall's Life of Washington,
pages 583 to 588, was to give the exercise of
power to a single hand. In Captain Meigs's ease
Mr. Attorney General Black—and I presume
from tho eulogy passed upon Mr. Attorney Gen-
eral Black by the honorable Manageryesterday,
his opinion now, at any rate, ought to be a very
authoritative opinion—in 9 Opinions, 468, says:
"As Commander-in-Ohiof of the Army, it is your
right to decide, according to your judgment, what
officer shall perform any particular duty, and as tho
supreme .Executive Magistrate you havo tlie power
of appointment. Congress could not, if it would,
take away from tho President, or in any wiso dimin-
ish the authoiily conferred on him by the Constitu-
tion."
Mr. Story, in his Commentaries, volume three,
section fourteen hundred and eighty-five, quot-
ing from the Federalist, No. 74, says that—
"Of all the eases and concerns of Government,
the direction of war most peculiarly demands those
qualities which distinguish the cxercise of power by
a single hand. Unityof plan. promptitude, activity,
and decision are indispensable to success; and these
can scaicoly exist except when a single magistrate is
intrusted exclusively with tho power."
In section fouiteen hundred and eighty-six,
he says:
"Tho power of the President, too, might well be
deemed safe, since ho could not of himself declare
war, raise armies, or call forth the militia, or appro-
priate money for tho purpose; for these powers all
belong to Congress."
Chancellor Kent, in his Commentaries, page
282, says:
" Tho command and application of the public force
to exocuto law, maintain peace, and resist toreign
invasion, aro powers so obviously of an executive
naturo and require the exorcise of qualities so char-
acteristics 1 of this department that they have always
been exclusively appropriated to it in overy well-
organiwed Government upon tho earth."
He shows the absurdity of Hume's plan of
giving the direction of the army and navy to
one hundred Senators ; of Milton's, of giving
the whole executive and legislative power to a
single permanent council of senators ; and
Locke's, to a small oligarchical assembly.
In the case of the United States vs. Eliason,
already cited, (1G Peters, 291,) it is said :
_ "The President has unquestioned power to estab-
lish rules for the government of the Army, and the
Secretary of "War is his regular organ to administer
the military establishment of the nation, and rules
and orders promulgated through him must be re-
ceived as the acts of tho Executive, and as such are
binding on all within the sphere of his authority."
Senators, I maintain that there is no proof
here to show, in the lirst place, that there was
any unlawful or improper conversation between
the President and General Emory. Mr. Man-
ager Butler, with that fertility of invention
which he has so eminently displayed at every
stage of this proceeding, argues that it was
either to bring about a civil war by resisting a
law of Congress by force, or to recognize a
Congress composed of rebels and northern
sympathizers, that this conversation was had.
Now, let us look to the circumstances under
which the conversation took place. Mark you,
an angry correspondence with General Grant
had occurred from the 25th of January to the
11th of February, 18G8. ' The President had
charged, or intimated, at least, in the course
of that correspondence, that he regarded Gen-
eral Grant as manifesting a spirit of insubor-
dination. The removal of Mr. Stanton look
place on the 21st of February. The Senate's
resolution of the 21st of February, disapproving
of the removal of Stanton, was sent to the Pres-
ident and the President sent a formal protest
or message- in response on the 24th of Feb-
ruary.
I have not brought in newspapers here,
Senators, and I do not intend to bring them
in, because the facts that 1 am about to state
are so fresh in your recollection. Without
going into any minutiae of detail, it is enough
for me to say, in general terms, that on the
manifestation of this unfortunate difference,
for, no matter who is right or who is wrong
about it, it is an unfortunate thing that there
is a difference of opinion between the Chief
Executive of the nation and the Congress, or
or any part of the Congress, of the United
States ; it is a matter to be regretted that such
a difference of opinion exists among you ; but
when this correspondence occurred, when these
resolutions were offered in the Senate and in
the House, if my memory does not fail me,
and I do not think it possible it can in the
short interval of time that has elapsed, there
was telegram upon telegram, offer upon offer,
made on the one side to Congress to support
them, and on the other side to support the
President.
The Grand Army of the Republic—the " G.
A. 11."—seemed to be figuring upon a large
scale, and if there had not been the exorcise
of a very great prudence on the part of Con-
gress and very great prudence on the part of
the President ot the United States himself we
should havo-had this country enveloped in the
flames of civil war. I hope, Senators, no mat-
ter what opinion you may entertain upon that
subject; no matter who you may think was the
strongest—and God forbid that the country
should ever have any occasion to test who has
the greatest military power at its command,
the Congress of the United Slates or the Pres-
ident of the United States—I say, without
entering upon such a question as that, which we
all ought to view with horror, do give to the
President of the United States the poor credit
of believing that he has some friends in this
country, that there are persons in the different
States who would have been willing to rally
around him. If an unfortunate military con-
test had occurred in the country, how it would
have resulted the Great Being above us only
knows.
All that I claim for the President of the
United States is that whether he had few or
many forces at his command, your President.,
as I told you upon the first day 1 came here,
has manifested a degree of patriotic forbear-
ance for which the worst enemy he has oil the
face of the earth ought to give him credit. If
he was a tyrant, if he was a usurper, if he had
the spirit of a Csesar or of a Napoleon, if his
object was to wrest the liberties of this coun-
try, your President could very easily have
sounded the tocsin of war, and he could have ■
had some kind of a force, great or small, pei-
liaps to rally around linn. But, instead of doing
that, he comes here through liis counsel before
the Senate of the United States; and although
he and his counsel, or at least I as one of
them—I do not undertake to speak for the
other gentlemen—honestly believe that under
the Constitution of the United States organiz-
ing the Senate and the House of Representa-
tives, the House of Representatives as at pres-
ent constituted, with fifty Representatives from
ten of the sout hern States absent, has no power
to present articles of impeachment ; and al-
though he believes, as I do most conscientiously,
that the Senate, as at present constituted, with
twenty Senators absent from this Chamber who
have a right to be here, has no power to try
this impeachment, he makes no objection to
