1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. Speaker, I have said all that is necessary
to be stated in regard to this bill. The con-
ferees on the part of the House were unan-
imous. I believe I will now call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope my
colleague will yield to me.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. For how long ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ten
minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield to the gen-
tleman five minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
not sufficient time in which to consider an im-
portant bill of this kind. If the House will
look at the repoit and the bill as it will stand
they will see that the most, of it is composed
of matter which has been subjected to the action
of the committee of conference. I believe
almost the whole bill has been under the action
of the committee of conference. I think, there-
fore, that the space of five minutes is too short
in which properly to discuss a bill of this kind.
But 1 have only five minutes, and I must be
content with it. The part of the bill to which
I wish to call attention, and which is agreed
to by the committee of conference, is that which
provides for additional offices to the amount
of $11:000. Yet such areport from a commit-
tee of conference we are asked to put through
without full debate. I am allowed only five
minutes in which to say a few words. Now,
sir, if there is anything which this House has
resisted from the commencement of the ses-
sion up to this moment it is that we shall
create no more new offices and increase no
more salaries.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
point out the sections to which he refers?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will in
detail if the gentleman will give me time. The
Senate creates new offices and increases sala-
ries, and I wish my colleague to pay attention
to the statement, for I do not believe ho is fully
advised in reference to the matter. The Senate
create the new office of the superintendent of
the foreign mails at a salary of $3,000. By
whom is he to be appointed ? With this large
salary is he to be appointed by the President
and confirmed by the Senate? No, sir ; but it
is provided that the Postmaster General shall
make the appointment and that the Senate shall
have no control over it. That is of itself a suffi-
cient reason why we should not adopt the report
of the committee of conference. I would not
confide this power to any Postmaster General.
I do not know but the Postmaster General
would fill this office with a man entirely satis-
factory to me ; but I would notgive that power
to any man.
There is one new office at $3,000. Besides
that there is one clerk of class four at $1,800.
There are also two clerks of class three, $3,200.
These are all to be appointed by the Post-
master General. Now, when a postmaster is
appointed whose salary amounts to more than
$1,000 the appointment has to be confirmed
by the Senate. Here all these officers, with
salaries as high as $3,000 and all over $1,000,
are to be appointed by the Postmaster General
without the concurrence of the Senate. Then
there is an increase of salary to $2,500, $500
more. Another section creates the chief of
the dead-letter office, a new office, with a salary
of $2,500, making in all $11,000. I ask any
member of the House whether he is satisfied
by the showing my colleague has made there
is any necessity for these new offices? I think
we can get along without them. I think that
we have mail agents enough without sending
mail agents to Shanghai and other ports. Are
we to go on with this kind of business? Are
we to have mail agents to China and Japan at
these large salaries? I protest against it. But
I have not time to go fully into this matter.
Hero is section eight, which provides for the
appointment of a superintendent of foreign
mails at an annual salary of $3,000, and for
three additional clerks. I ask that the report
of the committee of conference be rejected, so
that we may have another committee and strike
out these new offices and these increase of
salaries.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I expected that my
colleague would oppose this. Everybody
expected that. He says that postmasters with
salaries over one thousand dollars have to be
confirmed by the Senate. That is true; but
there are many officers in the Post Office De-
partment who have salaries up to $3,000, who
do not have to go through that process. Now,
I say to the House that this hill does not pro-
vide for the appointment of a single additional
clerk. It provides that certain clerks shall bo
appointed to certain places, who are already in
the Department, being employed as temporary
clerks, and drawing the same salaries as clerks.
The law now authorizes the Postmaster Gen-
eral to appoint an additional number of tem-
porary clerks. An appropriation was made
for that purpose, and he cannot appoint addi-
tional clerks beyond the amount of the appro-
priation for clerk hire. These clerks are
always there. A man is already in the De-
partment in charge of the foreign mail service.
His salary is increased $500. He has been
there fourteen years and has become almost
indispensable.
Mr. INGEUSOLL. How much does this
bill increase the expense in the aggregate?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not think it
will increase the expense of the Department
$2,000. These agents that are sent out, of
whom my colleague complains, are now sent
out by the Postmaster General with every one
of these mails as special agents.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The table
I read does not include them.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I do not give way
to my colleague.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why not?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Because I want to
occupy the time myself. I have stated to the
House that these agents sent out by the Post-
master General at the present time receive a
greater compensation than this bill provides.
They now receive $l,fi00 a year, and four dol-
lars a day in addition for expenses. This bill
only proposes to give them $2,000 in all. And
so far as establishing agencies in China to take
charge of the mail, I leave it to any member
of the House whether those mails are to be
thrown on shore with nobody to take charge
of them. YVe pay $500,000 a year as subsidy
to the steamship company to carry the mails.
The service has increased very largely. The
Post Office Department must be fostered. It
must have the agencies necessary for the pur-
pose of carrying, taking charge of, and dis-
tributing the mails, or else we may as well
abolish the service. The Postmaster General
is only authorized by this bill, so far as estab-
lishing agencies in Chiua is concerned, to
make such regulations as he can to the best
advantage; which he can do with consuls or
merchants living at the place where the mails
arrive. He can do so at a small expense. We
have no postmasters m China; the Chinese
have none ; you have therefore got to employ
a consul or somebody else to take charge of
the mails.
Now, sir, as the foreign mail service has
increased so that we are to-day reaping $1,000,-
000 more than we were ten years ago from
that service, I ask if it is not proper that we
should have a superintendent for the foreign
mails. We have made eight or ten postal trea-
ties within the last year, and we shall probably
make a good many more. This bill provides
also that the clerk who is now at the head of
the dead-letter division may be made superin-
tendent of that office. If any gentleman has
visited that office lie is aware ot' the immense
amount, of work done there. There is already
an appropriation for this division, and the De-
partment asks that we shall give them the same
amount, and they propose that the same man
who is now employed in charge of it shall be
made superintendent of the dead-letter office.
His salary is increased $500. But on the whole
the saving of money in the agencies for the
mail service across the Pacilic to China and
Japan nearly offsets the additional expense in
the other case. I call the previous question.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes 41, noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist on
a further count, unless my colleague gives' me
five minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot. My col-
league is anxious to adjourn as early as possi-
ble, and so am I now.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wash-
bukxe, of Illinois, and Faknswobth were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 79, noes 38.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays on agreeing to the report,
and call for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
tellers on agreeing to the report.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
70, noes 26; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the report on the table.
The question was put ; and there were—
ayes 30, noes 65 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers ; and ap-
pointed Mr. Coblkx and Mr, Perham to act
as tellers.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 20, noes 90.
So the House refused to lay the report of
the committee of conference on the table.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
report of the committee.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Coburn and
Mr. Perium were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 80, noes 30.
So the reportof the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. FAllNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
contractors for ihon-clads.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the unfinished business of
yesterday, pending at the adjournment at
twelve o'clock, being the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 100) for the relief of certain contract-
ors for the construction of vessels-of war and
steam machinery. The pending question is to
refer the joint resolution to the Committee ot'
Claims, upon which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ward] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PILE. I ask the consent of the House
to make a brief statement in regard to the
bill.
Mr. WARD. I will yield for a short state-
ment for five minutes.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, as I understand
this case, some thirty vessels were built under
contracts with the Government, commencing
at the time when gold and the price of labor and
materials commenced running up during the
war. After they were completed a claim was
presented to Congress upon the part of the
contractors for additional compensation, basing
their claim upon the ground of the increase in
the price of labor and materials. A bill passed
the Senate, whether upon investigation or not
I do not know, granting them $1,800,000.
When that bill came to the House the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Deiuxo] reported a sub-
stitute from the Committee ot Claims.
Mr. DELANO. It wasreported by the Com-
mittee of Claims, but not by me.
Mr. PILE. That substitute directed the
Secretary of the Navy to investigate the claims
