4414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
of these contractors, and to ascertain what
additional compensation was due them for
increase in the price of labor and materials
occasioned by delay, which delay was caused
by the action of the Government iu changing
the plan for the construction of the vessels.
This substitute was finally adopted and became
a law ; it was approved March 2,18G7. Under
that" act the Secretary of the Navy appointed
a board. These contractors sent in their
claims before that board. And with reference
to nine of them, about which I am informed,
some of the contractors living in my own city,
they were built on exactly the same plan, con-
tracted for about the same time, finished near
the same time, and in each of these nine the
Game alterations were made. The plans and
specifications, and all the drawings, were drawn
by the same man and furnished to the different
contractors. And yet this board allow live of
these contractors who are in the East addi-
tion compensation and throw out the claims of
four of them who are in the West. In addi-
tion to the fact that all of these nine vessels
were built under exactly the same circum-
stances as to the specifications and alterations
these contractors in the East, as a gentleman
informed me a day or two ago, had constant
accessto theofficeof the supenntendentforthe
construction of these vessels. They received
orders from him for changes eight or ten days
in advance of the contractors building vessels
in the We3t, giving them a decided advantage
in this particular, and yet, from some singular
cause, this board threw out the claims abso-
lutely of those four men in the West, and allow
theelaims of tbefive contractors who built their
vessels in the East. This bill simply proposes
to send these contractors before the Court of
Claims, and to give the Court of Claims juris-
diction to investigate and ascertain the facts in
the case, and adjust the claims upon the basis
of the act of March, 3 807, simply for the purpose
of ascertaining whether this board, appointed
by I lie Secretary of the Navy, did justice to
these men or not. They claim that injustice
was done in allowing additional compensation
to a portion of these contractors, who built these
vessels upon exactly the same plan and under
the same circumstances, and not allowing it to
others. By this bill the Court of Claims is
given jurisdiction to reinvestigate these claims
and to adjust them, not upon the general basis
of allowing compensation for the increase in
the cost of labor and materials, but upon the
basis of the act of March 2, 3867.
One more remark; Congress still hold in
their power the full control of this matter. If
the Court of Claims award damages to these
parties the money must be appropriated by
Congress. If this bill be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims it will go over until the next
session of Congress; and even if it is then
passed in the form in which it now stands the
matter will be postponed until next summer
before you can get a decision from the Court
of Claims ; and it will be a year from next
winter before a final settlement can be made.
These men havealready laid outof their money
for two or two and a half years. So far as
those men are concerned who live in St. Louis
I know they are absolutely bankrupt by the
construction of these vessels; that their con-
tracts for the iron that was used in these ves-
sels are still unpaid, and the men are unable
to pay until they get this relief. And if they
are to hav« any relief at all, if the Court of
Claims decide they are to have anything, they
ought to receive it, and receive it speedily. I
hope the matter will not be postponed for
eighteen months longer by referring this bill
to the Committee of Claims. It has received
the examination of the Committee of Claims
iu the Senate, it was very fully discussed in
the Senate, and passed that body by a very
large majority.
Mr. WARD. This is a very important bill,
as will be seen upon examination. The bill
has never been considered by any committeeof
this House. It comes from the Senate, and
has been upon the Speaker'stable since it came
here. It proposes to permit a large number of
contractors for building iron-clads during the
war to go into the Court of Claims and have
their claims adjudicated there. It seems to
me that it is eminently proper that this bill
should be committed for investigation to a
regularly-appointed committee of this House,
whose duty it is to investigate all claims of
this or any other character, and to submit the
result of their investigation to this House for
its information.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. WARD. Certainly.
Mr. RANDALL. Has there not been an
investigation of these claims by a commission
of naval officers appointed by the Navy De-
partment, and have they not decided against
them?
Mr. WARD. I was about to say that there
is a history connected with these iron-clad
claims. In the Thirty-Ninth Congress these
cases were referred to the Committee of Claims,
who investigated them carefully. A report
was made from that committee authorizing the
reference of all these cases—those now under
consideration, as well as all others relating to
the construction of iron-clads—to a board to
be appointed by the Secretary of the Navy.
That board was to act upon certain principles
which were set forth in the measure reported
by the committee. The report of the commit-
tee was adopted by Congress. The board
was appointed, and I understand investigated
several cases, among them the cases embraced
in this bill. It is claimed by the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Pile] that the claims of
the parties he represents here were rejected by
that board. It is claimed that injustice has
been done by that commission. That is one
of the very questions that we want to investi-
gate, one of the very matters upon which the
House desires to be informed. It is for this
reason among others that I desire the refer-
ence of the bill to a committee. Let it go to
a committee and be examined; and if injustice
has been done to these parties I have no doubt
the committee will insist that justice shall be
done.
Mr. Speaker, I am not here in hostility to
this measure. It is true that I have had some-
thing to do with investigating these claims;
it is true that I have had some grave suspicions
in reference to their justice ; but I am not here
to say that t.hoy are unjust and ought not to be
paid. I do say, however, that these claims,
having been once rejected by a committee
appointed to investigate them, should not be
referred to the Court of Claims unless this
House shall so decide after due investigation.
If by the passage ot' this bill we send these
cases to the Court of Claims, we surrender all
power over them. We throw open that court
to every contractor for iron-clads in the land.
We permit everybody to go in there on an ex
parte case and succeed if he can. I am opposed
to our surrendering our control over this mat-
ter. Gentlemen tell us that if the Court of
Claims should decide in favor of these claims,
we can refuse to make the appropriation. We
might; but that has not been the custom. The
judgments of the Court of Claims have usually
been regarded as conclusive and final.
Mr. MAYNAIID. Will the gentleman tell
us how much these claims would amount to as
presented by the contractors themselves ?
Mr. WARD. I cannot give the gentleman
the precise figures, but 1 understand they go
into the millions.
Mr. MAYNAIID. Several millions, I un-
derstand.
Mr. WARD. Are we prepared now, without
investigation and upon the mere assertion of
gentlemen here that these claims are just, to
send to this court for examination claims to the
amount of millions? I demand the previous
question. 1
Mr. PILE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. WARD. In view of the late period of
the session I am urged on all sides not to yield.
My judgment is that we ought to take up 110
more time with this matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the previous question should be sustained
it will not exhaust itself on the motion to refer
should that motion be negatived, but will con-
tinue to operate until the third reading of the
bill.
Mr. WARD. Would it be in order for me
now to yield to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan?J .
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can yield
by withdrawing the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WARD. I withdraw the demand for the
previous question, and yield to the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not. pro-
fess to know anything particularly in reference
to these claims except that presented by one
of my constituents who claims compensation
for the building of one of these vessels. I
know that this gentleman, Mr. Bestor, ot Peo-
ria, Illinois, lias by reason ol his contract made
with the Government become a bankrupt; and
I know that injustice has been done to him by
not allowing him the same opportunity of pros-
ecuting his claim as has been allowed to others.
Now, I merely desire to correct a statement
which has been made here, calculated to do
injustice to this constituent of mine ; I am not
speaking with reference to any of the other
claimants, for I know nothing about them.
It has been stated that these claims amount to
millions of dollars. I say such is not the case;
and any gentleman making such a statement
certainly does not understand the facts. It
has also been stated that these claims weie
rejected by a board appointed by the Navy
Department. That also is not the fact. I
wilt state the facts as they are. A naval board
was appointed for the purpose of examining
into what was known as the iron-clad claims.
These were numerous and reached enormous
amounts. But this board reported, as gentle-
men will find by examining the report, that
they did not consider the claims embraced in
this bill as within their province. These claims
were excluded because that naval boaid did
not understand that ohey had authority to ex-
amine them under the purview of the resolu-
tion providing for the appointment of the board.
That is the fact as I understand it. I mean
the board appointed of naval officers. These
claims, I understand, have not been acted on
by that board.
Now, sir, it is strange to me that in the
examination of these claims by this board only
the large claims presented to it were allowed
and reported back to this House, aud this
House has passed a bill for the payment ot' the
large claims only. The larger number of these
claimants claim only small amounts. They
are the men who built the light draught ves-
sels, but they happen to live m the \\ est. It
is strange that the men who are excluded are
men from west of Philadelphia: while the
claims that have been allowed are from Phila-
delphia east. I do not know how thutoecurred,
but it is the fact. iiut, sir, I d«sire, so far as
the claim of my constituent is concerned, to
say ^
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to correct the gen-
tleman's phraseology. It should be Philadel-
phia west, for no Philadelphia claimant was
embraced m the bill.
Mr. LOGAN, lhat is what I am sayincr.
All I want to say in reference to this is, that
so far as my constituent is concerned—and I
understand the other claims are of a similar
character that these claims should be referred
to the Court of Claims. Let them go before
the Court ot Claims. I have some informa-
tion of the Court of Claims, i know the men
upon that court. There is one gentleman from
my own State. I would trust hitn as soon as
any man upon the face of God's earth, i do
not believe they would decide that these men
