3390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June ,26,
ment. I leave that in the .hands of the Sen-
ate. If the Senate think it advisable now to
stop that appropriation and to destroy that
little office 1 shall interpose no serious objec-
tion. I do not think it advisable to make the
change at this moment. I would not recom-
mend it myself until there was a systematic
effort to establish a statistical bureau in the
Treasury Department to which this might be,
transferred. But this may be abandoned with-
out any serious detriment to the public busi-
ness. The State Department will not suffer.
Therefore, I shall say no more about it.
But when we come to the two other offices,
the examiner of claims and the Second As-
sistant Secretary of State, there I have to say
that the proposed change cannot be made with-
out serious detriment to the public service.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Conkling]
seems to have a very inadequate idea of the
services rendered by the examiner of claims.
Since his remarks yesterday I have made fur-
ther inquiry with regard to those services, and
all the testimony that 1 can obtain is that they
are of great importance to the public interests.
Indeed, 1 doubt if the business at the State
Department, or much of it iu which our fel-
low-citizens are interested, could move easily
and smoothly without some such office as that.
That office was created after a discussion run-
ning over two or three years, in which many
Senators took part. I did not myself vote for
it, or come into its support in any way, except
after the most careful inquiry. 1 satisfied my-
self two years before that office was created
that it ought to be created ; that there was need
of such an office in the Department of State.
Finally it was created ; and now I understand
the Senator from New York to ask for evidence
of the importance or of the necessity of that
office? What evidence would he have? lie
has the testimony of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, ohmgeu_ with the special considera-
tion of this question. I believe they were
unanimous originally in the recommendation
made two or threeyears ago, and they are now
unanimous in thinking it expedient that the
office should be preserved. What more would
the Senator have ? If I might venture my own
personal testimony I do not know that it would
be any reenforcement to that of the committee,
and yet .circumstances have given me some
opportunities of knowing the course of busi-
ness there and the important duties discharged
by this officer. I consider him essential to the
business of the Department.
MV. EDMUNDS. Tell us a little of the
details ot what he does. I do not understand it.
Mr. SUMNER. Since the war and during
the war there was a large number of claims
against our Government much beyond what
had ever been at any time before, so large in
number, so extensive in amount, so important
to the claimants that they required very great
attention.
Where did they come from ?
Mr. SO MNBR. From every source, North,
East, West, and South, growing outof the war,
growing out of the action of British cruisers,
growing out of the enforcement of the rights
ot war, claims upon our Government, claims
of our own citizens directly on our Government,
other claims of our citizens on foreign Gov-
ernments.
Mr. HOWE. By what law does the State
Department take jurisdiction of those claims
on our Government?
Mr. SUMNER. They are claims that arise
under the office of the Department of State.
However, those are very small; I merely
allude to them. The great body of our claims
grow out of our relations with foreign Powers.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator would
explain a little of the nature of those claims,
and how the Department gets jurisdiction of
them to adjust them.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not aware that th£
State Department has undertaken to adjust
them.
Mr. HOWE. Then what are the duties of
this officer ?
Mr. SUMNER. To make reports to the
Secretary of State on all these claims as they
are presented from time to time, day by day,
and then they are presented to Congress. There
are two or three bills thatl have reported from
the Committee on Foreign Relations within a
short time founded on these very inquiries;
one growing out of a claim under the mixed
commission of the United States and Peru that
sat two years ago; another, a claim of a col-
ored person in the island of Nassau, who ren-
dered important assistance to one of our
cruisers through which a prize was captured
of some seventy thousand dollars in value.
That was presented to the State Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then there are the
claims also to carry out the decrees of the
United States courts.
Mr. SUMNER. Then there were another
class of claims to which the Senator from Maine
calls attention, with regard to which there are
two or three bills now on the Calendar, in order
to carry out decrees of the Supreme Court of
the United States, the district court at New
York, and the district court at New Orleans.
Mr. HOWE. They are sent here.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. They are sent
to the Department of State, and by the Secre-
tary of State they are referred to the examiner
of claims, who makes a report on the facts
that the Secretary may be able to judge what
he shall do with regard to them. It is to this
officer that complicated papers of all kindsand
inquiries are referred by the Secretary. Take
these very questions of naturalization; take the
case of Father McMahon and the case of John
Lynch: I find that going through the papers
that all the papers relating to those two cases'
went through the hands of this examiner of
claims, who made an abstract of the papers
and a report upon them.
Mr. HOWE. Who is he?
^ Mr. ^SUMNEIl. Mr. E. 1'eshine Smith, of
New York. I believe the services are of great
value. I think the business of the Department
would halt without such a person there.
But the Senator from New York told us that
this gentleman was about to leave. Of that he
has, I am inclined to think, exclusive inform-
ation. At any rate, I have never heard of it
before ; and on inquiry this morning of the
person who ought to be best informed I found
that he had no such information. But
whether he is about to leave or not is a matter
of indifference. The office should be pre-
served. If he leaves, then I trust we shall
find some person who will be a proper suc-
cessor.
And this brings me to the other case, of the
Second Assistant Secretary of State. I need
hardly add anything to what was said yesterday
so well by different Senators. It is within the
knowledge of all that this office was created
for Mr. Hunter, believing that it would furnish
a field for the exereiseof his talentsand of his
peculiar experience, and also that he deserved
this promotion. It surely was not a very large
promotion for one who had at that time given
nearly forty years of his life to the public ser-
vice ; but jt would-be very hard at this timeto
deprive hinu of this rather small promotion,
where I am sure he is rendering efficient ser-
vice to the country.
'The Senator from Maine [Mr. FessexdeV]
reminded me yesterday that in other countries
there were usually two Assistant Secretaries
ptate, or Assistant Secretaries of Foreign
Affairs. This is particularly the case in England.
One of those goes out with the administration;
the other remains to continue, if I may so
express myself, the traditions of the office
He is not regarded as a political character, and
he holds under all administrations one after
the other. _ I think that in the conduct of our
public affairs there is some reason why such I
an officer should exist among us. I think he H
may be useful; and I hope now we may set an il
example ot that stability in the Department 1
of State that will make this office permanent • I
so that amid all the vicissitudes of politics
this Second Assistant Secretary mayremain'un- I
disturbed. The First Assistant Secretary would
naturally give up his office with the adminis-.
tration. He is always supposed to be in pecu-
liar personal and political relations with the
Secretary of State, and of course he would
share the fortunes of that functionary. But it
need not be so with the Second Assistant Sec-
retary ; and, indeed, 1 think for the public
interests it should not be so.
If I add to these remarks something of what
I said yesterday, that in all other departments
of the Government, though there may not be
by name two assistant secretaries, there are
officers who in the service they render are prac-
tically assistant secretaries of the department,
I shall complete, I think, the argument for
retaining this office.
Mr. HOWE. If this amendment moved by
the Senator from Massachusetts could be so
modified as to save so much of the section
which the amendment of the committee pro-
poses to repeal as provides for a Second Assist-
ant Secretary of State, and would still rid us
of the employment ,of this clerk of claims, I
should apply to my chief, the chairman of- the
Committee on Appropriations, for leave to
support the amendment.
Air. HENDRICKS. I have drawn up an
amendment for that purpose, and if the Sen-
ator will allow me I will offer the amendment.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly, if it is in order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I offer the following
amendment 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are
two amendments pending now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I propose to amend
the matter proposed to be stricken out, and it
is in order to perfect it before it is stricken
out.
Mr. HOWARD. Let it be read, that we
may see what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment of Mr. Hendricks, which was to insert
after the word "that," in lino three hundred
and fifty-seven, the words "so much of," and
after the word "purposes," in line three hun-
dred and sixty-two, to insert the words "as
authorizes the appointment of an examiner
of claims for the Department of State;" so
that the latter portion of the proviso would
read:
And also that so much of the second section of tho
act ot July 25,1866, entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the oonsular and diplomatic expenses
?fjhe Government for the year ending 30th June.
186/, and lor other purposes," as authorizes tho
appointment of an examiner of claims for the De-
partment of htate, be, and the same are hereby
repealed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
allow me, I will explain the effect of that propo-
sition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Wisconsin give way for an explan-
ation?
Mr. HOWE.
stand it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The same section pro-
vides for the Second Assistant Secretary of
State that provides for this examiner. My
amendment proposes to strike out so much of
that section as authorizes the appointment
of that examiner of claims. I have not any
thought that that office is of any consequence
at all to the public service, and therefore I wish
to strike it out.
Nor do I believe in the doctrine of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, that there are any such
!■ , P!aces 'n the Departments as that a man
or ability cannot master their duties in a very
short time. I believe anybody with force of
character, intelligence, and education can go
into that Department and understand all about
it in a reasonable time. I do not believe in
the idea that all the wisdom of the age and all
the efficiency of the public service are going to
pass away with Mr. Hunter. But, sir, Con-
gress, after careful and full debate a year or
two ago, decided upon this office for the express
purpose of making provision for him ; and I
know no reason now for reversing that action.
Yes, sir; but I think I under-
