1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
man from Tennessee have leave to express an
idea.
The gentleman is about
The SPEAKER.
expressing it.
Mr. MULLENS.
suggested the idea.
I asked pardon before I
I asked that I might be
pardoned for suggesting an idea; and now you
will have it. It is that 1 differ from the ruling
of the Chair. If [ maybe allowed the expres-
sion, this is in my mind no attack upon the
Senate, or anything the Senate has done. It
is but a defense 
Mr. PILE. I object to this debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is willing to
hear the remarks of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, and desires to hear them.
Mr. M ULLINS. The remarks ruled out of
order are but a defense of one of the members
of this body against an attack made upon him
and other managers by one of the counsel of
the President, who, while appearing at the bar
of the Senate, is not himself a member of the
Senate. That, I think, constitutes this an ex-
ception from the rule. As I believe that attack
was made by a counsel of the President, brought
forward to defend his cause, directly assailing
the character of a member of this House, I
feel bound to stand by any member so situated,
be he upon this or the other side of the House,
in order that he may be able to defend his char-
acter against any outsider. Had it been a Sen-
ator who had spoken I would be the last man
on the continent of America who would permit
any invasion of his rights as a free man, or in
his senatorial capacity, or allow his character
to be brought into discussion, or to be made
the subject of wanton attack. I think, there-
fore, there is a grand exception between a Sen-
ator and a counsel for the President. This is
an attack made by the counsel for the President
upon Use character and veracity of one of our
o A-n body. Hence this is an exception to the
general rule. I ask pardon for having differed
to some extent with the Chair as to the parlia-
mentary rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has listened to
the remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Muluxs.] On page 74 of Barclay's
Digest the rule will be found laid down again,
as follows:
. "It is a breach of order in debate to notice what
has been said on the same subject in the other
House."
The Chair, therefore, still holds the opinion
he has already expressed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I cef-
tair.ly do not desire to differ with the Speaffer
in his rulings. In this case there has Seffe an
attack by a counsel, not a member of either
branch of Congress, upon one not a member
of the body he was addressing. It was in
answer to this attack that I prepared these re-
marks, which, however, I have no desire to
introduce if they are thought to infringe at all
the order of debate. I therefore withdraw
them.
Mr. PILE. I would like to inquire whether
the gentleman proposes to withdraw what has
already been said and has been taken down by
the reporters.
The SPEAKER. The House will under-
stand that the only desire of the Chair in this
matter is that no misunderstanding between
the two Houses may grow up in consequence
of strictures on the floor of the House in regard
to the action of the Senate, or language which
the Senate has allowed in the course of the
prolonged trial in which it is at present en-
gaged. The Chair in this, as he has on other
personal questions recently, rules as he believes
the ruling would be in the British House of
Commons; for he finds the same rule laid
down, but more elaborately, in May's Parlia-
mentary Practice.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. May I be permitted
to ask a question ?
The SPEAKER. There is now no question
before the House but the question, Will the
House-considur the resolution offered yester-
day as a question of privilege by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Car-y ?]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would it not be in
order, in the Committee of the Whole,-for any
member of the House to review the speeches
made in the Senate in the impeachment case ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state a fact
with which the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Fauxsworth,] as one of the older members, is
doubtless familiar, that members of each branch
do sometimes refer in debate to what has trans-
pired by not locating the scene where it has
occurred. During the service of the gentle-
man from Illinois this has been done quite a
number of times, and it has also been done in
the Senate when Senators have been checked
in debate by the Presiding Officer. Bnt, of
course, he does not suggest or recommend any
such evasion of the rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
the real object of the rule is to prevent 
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is there any question
before the House?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for the regular order.
Mr. BANKS. If there is no question before
the House I rise to make a statement in regard
to the privileges of members.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It was the expectation
that some gentlemen on this side should be
allowed to controvert any statements of fact
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] and they desire to do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has withdrawn most of his speech, and
the Chair supposed that that desire would not
be pressed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to say that some
of the statements which the gentleman has
made are contrary to my understanding of the
facts, and I desire to refer to those matters.
Mr. BANKS. They have been ruled out.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has withdrawn thorn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does he withdraw his
whole speech!
Mr. STEVEN'S, of Pennsylvania. Yes; I
withdraw the whole of it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] is seeking the floor on
some matter personal to himself.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand, then, that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania makes no
personal explanation whatever.
The SPEAKER. He withdraws his speech
under the ruling of the Chair. The Chair can-
not make the matter any plainer.
WITHDRAWAL FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, the rules of
.the House provide that a member appointed
upon two committees may excuse himself from
serving upon any other committee at the same
time. 1 was notified yesterday by the Clerk
of the House that I had been selected as a
member of the committee appointed to invest-
igate some matter appertaining to the transac-
tion of business in the House. I desire that I
may be excused from service, upon that com-
mittee. I would not avail myself of this privi-
lege accorded to a member of the House under
these circumstances were it not that a com-
mittee of which I am a member has before it
for consideration a very important matter which
must be disposed of immediately. I refer to
the question of the execution of the treaty with
Russia. This question was deferred until about
the time when the trial upon the impeachment
articles commenced, with a view to give mem-
bers all possible information that could be pro-
cured by themselves or by the Government
upon that subject. We were, at the time the
House suspended business, ready to consider
and dispose of the question. During the in-
tervening period we ha\e not had an opportu-
nity to dispose of it. It ought to be acted on
without delay, because the honor of the Gov-
ernment is somewhat concerned in the matter.
I hope, sir, for this reason I may therefore
be excused from serving on the committee
appointed yesterday morning.
I am notified that I am a member of some
other committee appointed to consider another
matter appertaining to the business of the
House. Although it is referred to the same'
committee it is substantially new matter and
may be considered a new point. So, if I
should accept them all. I would be upon four
committees; at any rate a member of three
committees beside that to which I was ap-
pointed the other day. I hope, therefore,
the Speaker will receive the statement I make
as a sufficient reason for excusing me from
service on this committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is correct in stating
that he is on two committees. One is the Com-
mittee on the Rules, a position more honorary
than laborious.
Mr. BANKS. I am also on a special com-
mittee of conference.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right, being on two committees, to be excused.
The Digest, page 50, states that any member
may excuse himself from serving on any com-
mittee at the time of his appointment if he is
then a member of two other committees. The
gentleman is therefore excused.
TENTH ARTICLE OF IMPEACHMENT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the proposition now before the House?
The SPEAKER. Shall the House consider
the resolution, submitted yesterday by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Caky,] as a question
of privilege at the present time?
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas this House, in the tenth article of im-
peachment, charged Andrew Johnson, President of
the United States, with a high misdomeanor in offioe,
in that he had made intem perate, inflammatory, and
scandalous harangues, which were peculiarly inde-
cent and unbecoming:
llcmlvcd, That in view of the exhibition on this
floor on Friday, Saturday, and Monday last, the man-
agers be ordered to withdraw the tenth article from
the further consideration of the high court of im-
peachment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I give
notice when that question is disposed of I shall
move to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 29, nays 106, not voting
54; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Beck, Brooks, Cary,
Eldridge.Getz.Golladay, Grover.Holman.IIotchkiss,
Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr, Knott, Marshall. McCor-
mick, Morgan, Mungcn, Mblack, Phelps, Randall,
ltobinson, Ross, Sitgreaves, Stewart, Stone, labor,
and Woodward—29. ,, T, .
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell. Delos
R. Ashley,Baker, Baldwin, Banks. Beaman, Bcatty,
Benjamin, Benton, Blaine. lilair, Bromwell,Broom-
all, Buckland, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cobuin, Covode, Cul-
lom, Dawes, Dodge, Donnclly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggles-
ton, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Gravely, Gnswold,
Halsey, Harding, Iligby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins,
Chester I>. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Jenckes,
Judd, Julian, Kelley. Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen,
Latlin, George V.Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory,
Marvin, McCnrthy, McClurg, Mereur, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Morrell, Muilins, Myers, Newcomb,
O'Neill, Orth, Pcrham, Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants,
Price, Robertson, Sawyer, Sehenck, Seofield, Shanks,
Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stokes. Taffe, Taylor, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt Y;m Horn, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, El ill u B. W ashburne, Henry D. Wash-
burn, Welker, William Williams, James F. Wilson,
Stephen IT. Wilson, WinJoui, and Woodbridge—10o.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
Axtell. Bailey, Barnes, Barnum, Binghnm, Bout-
well, Boyer, Burr, Chanler, Cook, Cornell, Dixon,
Ela, Ferriss, Fields, Finney, Fox, Gariield, Gloss-
brenner, Haight, Hawkins, Asabel W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jones, Koontz,
Maynard, McCullough, Morrissey, Nicholson, Nunn,
Paine, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Kauui,
Selye, Shellaburger, Smith, Starkweather, Thomas,
John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken,
Robert TvVan Horn. Van Trump, Van Wyck, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Thomas Williams, John T. Wil-
son, and Wood—54
So the House refused to consider the resolu-
j tion as a question of privilege at the present
| time.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
[ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
i that the rules be suspended, and the House
| resolve itself into the Committee of the \\ holo
' en the state of the Union.
