THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
entitled to the reputation of John Hampden;
but as to the President being Charles I, or as
to his assuming any powers that are not war-
ranted by the Constitution of the country, I
have endeavpred in ray feeble and imperfect
way to show you that he is not guilty.
Senators, many other things might be said ;
but I have already occupied your time much
longer than 1 had designed to do, or would
have done if I had had a little more notice
beforehand that I should be permitted to ad-
dress you at all. I stated to you when I asked
for the privilege of addressing you that I had
no written speech, nothing but notes and mem-
oranda which I had not an opportunity even
to regulate or to put into something like order
to address you. Therefore, what I have said
has been said under some disadvantages. I
only regret that it has not been more worthily
said. Now, before I take my seat let me say
to you. you have this whole case before you.
I say to you now toward its conclusion, as I
said at its commencement, that a high and sol-
emn duty rests upon you, Senators of the
United States. I have the same faith now that
I have expressed ever since I undertook this
case and that I expressed so fully yesterday.
I do believe that confidence ought to be reposed
in the American Senate. I do believe that men
of your character and of your position in the
world have the ability to decide a case impar-
tially and to set aside all party considerations
in its determination. I believe it, and I trust
that the result will show that the country has a
right to believe it.
Every lawyer, every judge in the United
Slates, is familiar with the fact that a great many
cases are put in the law books, and especially
in works on evidence, rather as a caution to
judges and jurors than anything else, as to im-
proper and unjust verdicts that have been ren-
dered in times past. Every lawyer knows that
cases are reported in the books where men,
especially upon circumstantial evidence, have
been tried and executed for murder and other
offenses, and who it afterward appeared upona
more careful investigation, were not guilty of
the offenses imputed to them. '1 liese eases arc
not put in the books for the purpose of fright-
ening judges and juries from their propriety ,
but they are put iu for the purpose of causing
them to exercise a salutary degree of caution in
the powers which are conferred upon them. So
without going over these things in detail, 1 may
say that I think even the Senate of the United
Slates may look back upon the history of the
world for the purpose of deriving the same in-
structive lessons that are intended in law books
to he impressed upon the courts and juries of
the land. Without undertaking to travel along
the whole couise of history, some three or four
examples have occurred that are not uuworthy
of a passing notice before I take my seat.
Without going into the details, every Senator
is fully informed of the account which has
been transmitted to us in history of the mur-
der of Caesar by Brutus ; and for nearly twenty
centuries it has been a question whether that
act was an act of patriotism, and whether it
was justified or not. The execution of Charles
I is another of the historical problems which
have probably not been settled, and never will
be satisfactorily settled in the opinions of man-
kind. Some regard Cromwell as a patriot, as
a man animatedly the purest and most cor-
rect motives; others look upon him as being
an ambitious man,"who designed to engross
power improperly into his own hand. Thai
question still remains open. But these deeds
ot violence which have been done in the world
have not always been followed by peace or
quiet to those who have done them. A few
short years alter the execution of Charles I,
the bodies of Cromwell and Bradshaw, and
one or two others who were concerned in that
execution, were, in consequence ot a change
of public sentiment in Kngland, taken from
their graves and they were hung in terror and
iu Imte and execration by the party that came
into power.
Louis XVI was executed by the people of
France. Did that act give peace and quiet to
the French kingdom? No; it was soon fol-
lowed by deeds of bloodshed such as the world
never saw before. The guillotine was put in
motion, and the streets of Paris, it is said, lit-
erally ran with human gore. Most of those
who were concerned in the trial of Charles I
were executed. Three of them came to Amer-
ica and sought refuge in the vicinity of New
Haven. They were compelled to hide them-
selves in caves. Their graves were not known
to those in whose midst they lived, or are but
little known.
These deeds of violence, done in times of
liigb party and political excitement, are deeds
that should admonish you as to the manner in
which you discharge the duty that devolves
upon you here. This tiling of being rid of the
Chief Magistrate of the land in the mode that
is attempted here may be fraught with conse-
quences that no man can foresee. I have no
idea that it will be fraught with such conse-
quences as those I have described ; and yet
deeds that are done in excitement often come
back in future years, and cause a degree of
feeling which it is not, perhaps, proper for
me, on this occasion, to describe; it has been
done a great deal better by a master hand,
who tells us:
" But ever and anon of Brief subdued,
There comes a token like a M'Oi'pion'fl stin£,
Scarce seen, but with fresh bitterness imbued,
And slight withal may be the tilings which bring
Back on the heart the weight which it would ilmg
Aside forever : it m:sv be a xnnv!—
A tone of music—summer's eve—or spring—
A flower, the wind, the ocean which phalt wound,
Strikini; the elcctric chain v/herewith we are darkly
bound:
Anil how and why wo lenow not. nor can trace
Home to its cloud this lightning of the mind,
But feel tile ^hock renewed—nor cm efface
The blight aud blackening which it leaves behind."
God grant that the American Senate shall
never have such feelings as these. God grant
that, you may so act in the discharge of your
duty here that there shall be no painful re-
membrance, Senators, to come back oil you
iu your dying hour. God grant, that j'ou may
so act tliat you cannot only look death, but
eternity in the face, and loci that you have
discharged your duty and your whole duty to
God and your country. And if you thus act,
you will, I am sure, act in such manner as to
command the approbation of angels and of
men, and the admiration and applause of the
world and of posterity who are to come after us.
Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, you and
each of you, personally and individually, have
struggled through life until you have reached
the positions of eminence you now occupy. It
has required time and study and labor and
diligence to do .->o ; but, alter all, the fame
which you have acquired is not your own. It
belongs to me; it belongs to others. _ I'orty
million American citizens are tenants in com-
mon of this priceless property. It is not owned
alone by you and your children. _ We alljiavc
a direct and immediate interest m it. U hat-
ever strife may have existed among us as a
people; whatever of crimination and recrim-
ination tuay have been engendered amid the
, fierceness of party passion, yet in the cool mo-
' merits of calm reflection every true patriot,
| loves his country as our common mothei, and
: points with just pride to the haul-earned repu-
tation of all her children. Let me invoke you,
therefore, in the name of all the American
people, to do nothing that may even seem to be
a stain upon the judicial ermine, or to dim. lor
, a mumeiit, the bright, escutcheon of the Ameri-
!' call Senate. The honorable Manager whoad-
;; dressed you on yesteiday [Mr. Boutweij,]
referred in eloquent terms to Carpenter s his-
torical painting of emancipation. Following
at an humble distance his example, may I be
permitted to say thai 1 have never entered the
Rotunda of this magnificentand gorgeous Cap-
itol when I have not felt as if I were treading
upon holy ground; and 1 have sometimes wished
i that every American sire could be compelled
i by law and at the public expense to bring his
j children here, at least once iu their early years,
' and to cause them to gaze upon and to study
the statuary and paintings which., at every, en-
tranee and in every hall arid ' chamber and
niche and stairway, are'redolent with the his-
tory of our beloved country." Columbus study-
ing'the unsolved problem of] a new',woy^,'«nd
the white man and Indian as types pf ft&nUfl&h
of civilization, arouse attention and rejfejpii.Qn
at the threshold. Within, the speaking can-
vas proclaims the embarkation of the 1?ilgrim
Fathers; their sublime appeal td thft God of
oceans and of storms ; thepr stern determina-
tion to seek a " faith's pure shrine" among
the "sounding aisles of the dim vraodg," atid
" freedom to worship God and the divine,
the angelic countenance of ltose! Standish as
she leans, with woman's love, upon theshoul-
der of her husbanc!, and looks up, with wo-
man's faith, for more than mortal aid and
guardianship, so fixes and rivets attention,
" That, as you gazo upon the verrnil ebeek, :
The lifeless figure almost seems to s
And there is the grand painting that repre-
sents Washington, the victor, surrendering
his sword after having long before refused a
a crown—one of the sublimest scenes that
J earth has ever seen, presenting, as it nobly
does, to all the world the greatest and best
example of pure and unselfish love of coun-
try. Not to speak of other teeming memories
which everywhere meet the eye and stir the
soul, as I sat a few days since gazing upward
upon the group (Washington and the sisterhood
of early States) who look down from the top-
most height of the Dome, methought I saw
the spirits of departed patriots rallying in misty
throngs from their blissful abode and cluster-
ing near the wondrous scene that is transpiring
now ; and as I sat, with faceuptnrned, I seemed
to see the shadowy forms descend into thebuild-
ing and arrange themselves with silent but
stately preparation in and around this gorgeous
apartment,. I have seen them, in imagination,
ever sinCe. T see them now! Above and 'all
around us. There in the galleries, amid those
living forms of loveli ness and beauty, are Martha
Washington and Dolly Madison and hundreds
of the maids and matrons of the Revolution,
looking down with intense interest and anxious
expectation, and watching with profoundest
solicitude the progress of the grandest trial of
, the nineteenth century. And there,_ in your
j very midst and at your sides, are sitting' {lie
j shades of Sherman and Hamilton, Washing-
j ton and Madison, Jefferson and Jackson, Clay
j and Webster, who in years that arc past bent
| every energy and employed every effort to
i build our own great temple of' liberty, which
I has been and will continue in all time to be the
i wonder, the admiration, and the astonishment
! of the world, if there be joy in heaven over
one sinner that repenteth, and if'the shades of
I Dives and Lazarus could commune across the
: great gulf with each other, it is no wonder that
; the spirits of departed patriots are gathered to
! witness this mighty inquest,, and that they are
: now sitting with you upon this, the most, sol-
; emu of all earthly investigations. Behind the
I Chief Justice I see the grave and solemu face
of the intrepid Marshall; and above, among,
and all around us arc the impalpable forms
; of all the artists of our former grandeur! Mr.
' Chief Justice and Senators, if you cannot
cla^p their shadows to your souls, let, me en-
treat you to feel the inspiration of their sacred
presence; and as you love the memory of de-
parted greatness; as you revere the names of
' the patriot fathers; and as you remember the
thrilling tones of the patriot voices that were
wont to speak " the thoughts that breathed and
1 the words that burned" with deatnless love for
onr institutions and our laws, so may you be
enabled to banish from your hearts every vestige
: of prejudice and of feeling, and to determine
this great issue in the lofty spirit of impartial
• justice, and with that patriotic regard for our
j present and future glory that ever prompted the
! action of the purest and best and greatest names
!' that, in adorning our own history, have illu'min-
p ated the history of the world. And when the
t' day shall come—and may it be far distant—
