1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
We decided then to provide this office for him.
That was a thing decided, and I am in favor
of letting it stand decided.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to suggest that
Congress at the same time, in the same sec-
tion, gave the same decision with regard to the
examiner of claims, and after a most careful
ipquiry. The Senator says he does not believe
the office is necessary. If that Senator would
tell me that he had taken the trouble to inquire
into the business of the Department, and on
inquiry had satisfied himself that this office was
not necessary, I should be willing to accept his
judgment; but he will pardon me if I say that
I do not think that on this question the divina-
tion of the Senator can be set against the knowl-
edge and testimony of others who have made
themselves acquainted with it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This much I do know,
that when there is a Bureau of Statistics in one
Department we do.not need another. All this
information ought to go there.
Mr. SUMNER. I say nothing about the
Bureau of Statistics. The question now is as
to the examiner of claims. You observe, under
this amendment of the committee, there are
three different offices that are touched; one is
the clerkship of statistics, then there is the
examiner of claims, then the Second Assistant
Secretary of State. I say nothing about the
clerkship of statistics, because if the Senate
choose to sacrifice that 1 say it can be done
without detriment to the public service; but I
do not think that you can sacrifice either of the
other offices without mischief.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senatorhas called
in question my knowledge of the labors of this
gentleman. I will ask the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts whether he has made any report of
his labors, whether it has been communicated
to Congress, and whether, indeed, the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations
himself knows anything about them? Of course
1 have not gone into his office and sat beside
his desk. I do not know personally by obser-
vation what he has done. I will ask the Sen-
ator whether lie has made that sort of observa-
tion, or whether there is any public report of
liis labors which enables us to know anything
about them?
Mr. SUMNER. I answer frankly and fully
to the Senator that I have, to the best of my
ability, made that inquiry My inquiry and
observation have extended now over two or
three years.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
what the labors have resulted in ?
Mr. S 0MNER. They have resulted in facili-
tating immensely the business of the State
Department.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is very general.
What have they done?
Mr. SUMNER. We will take the claims on
England for spoliations on our commerce.
Those have all been presented to the State
Department.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The old French spo-
liation claims?
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no; the English, the
Alabama claims, the Shenandoah claims, the
Stonewall claims, growing out of depredations
on our commerce during the rebellion. Those
claims, as-the Senator is aware, are multitu-
dinous. Their name is legion. They .have been
presented, on the invitation, of the Department
of State, to that Department. It has been the
duty of this examiner to arrange them and put
them in condition for action. They have been
made the basis, as the Senator is aware, of an
■ extensive correspondence with the British Gov-
ernment, part of which has been communi-
cated to Congress, and some of it is still
uncommunicated. That is one very consider-
able item of his duties; and beyond that, as I
am informed, wheneveran inquiry occurs which
does not properly belong to one of the clerks
of the Department, out of the ordinary run, it
is committed to this examiner of claims; and,
as I have already said, I have had occasion,
within twenty-four hours, to read his report on
the evidence in the case of Father McMahon,
and also of John Lynch, who were proceeded
against in Canada.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not aware that
those cases fell under the description of claims.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is aware that
I said that inquiries which did not properly
belong to any clerk were, by the Secretary of
State, handed to him. But then I do not wish
to be carried into any wrangle on this subject;
I am only here in the discharge of my duty. I
have stated my information.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator carried
me into a wrangle by saying I knew nothing
about it, and I wanted to see what the Senator
knew.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator from
Indiana to let me interpose, if there is any
danger of a wrangle. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts be kind enough to enlighten me
upon this point? Under the examination of
the Senator from Indiana, who, he says, does
not know anything about this, he has cited one
case in which the examiner of claims has
been a useful man—the case of the Alabama
claims. Without professing to know anything
about it, and appealing to the fountain of light
on this subject, I ask the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to state anything that the examiner
of claims has done in that case, except to
superintend the copying of the correspondence. •
I ask him also whether it is not true that an
accomplished lawyer from his own city has
been here for long periods of time to deal
with, and has dealt with, those Alabama
claims, and dealt with them exclusively, so far
as professional treatment is concerned. If
what I say be true, then I wish to submit to
the Senator, as well as a man who does not
know anything about this is permitted to do,
that he does not make any case by that item
of evidence showing the utility, even in the past
while war claims were accumulating, of con-
tinuing this officer.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator inquires with
regard to an eminent lawyer from Boston, who,
on my invitation, came to Washington, and at
his own charge volunteered his services to the
State Department, not, as the Senator from New
York imagines, to go over the claims of Amer-
ican citizens on Great Britain—not at all; he
has not looked at one of them, to the best of
my knowledge, but to review the correspond-
ence between the two Governments relating to
the great principles of international law in-
volved in that inquiry.
Mr. CONKLING. I will inquire of the
Senator whether Mr. Bemis did not make the
brief, and the only brief I have heard of, that
ever has been made, representing the position
of our Government upon those claims?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 am not aware that Mr.
Bemis has made any brief upon the subject. I
hear it now for the first time, though my inti-
macy with him is great.
Mr. CONKLING. It is possible I char-
acterize it in the wrong way. Has anybody
ever made, to the Senator's knowledge, any
statement upon paper, any codification, any
exhibition upon paper, whatever the proper
term may be, representing the position of this
country upon those claims as the State Depart-
ment view it, except Mr. Bemis?
Mr. SUMNER. I am not aware that Mr.
Bemis has done it. I hear it for the first time,
though my relations with him were almost
daily while lie was here in Washington.
Mr. CONKLING. Shall we understand,
then, from the Senator that Mr. Bemis confined
himself to perusing this correspondence?
Mr. SUMNER Mr. Benisperused the cor-
respondence and made his own abstract of it.
Mr. CONKLING. "Abstract!" That is
a word with which I was not familiar. [Laugh-
ter.] That is the word "I ought to have
employed.
Mr. SUMNER. The .Senator and myself
do not understand each other. I am not aware
that Mr. Bemis has performed there any func-
tion that belonged to the examiner of claims;
that he was in any respect an examiner of
claims.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not say'he was.
The Senator, in answer to my honorable friend
from Indiana, adduced the Alabama case,
which everybody conceived to be the compli-
cated case, if there was any truth in this idea
that we needed such an officer, because it is
the conspicuous instance of claims of a charac-
ter falling within the purview of the State" De-
partment. The Senator, therefore, instanced
that case as showing the overmastering import-
ance of this officer, with prolonging whose- life
he has been charged, he says, by his commit-
tee. Now, then, the inquiry being put as to
what has been done in that one case, it turns
out, as far as the Senator has gone, that a very
able man has been reviewing and abstracting
the correspondence; has been doing that what-
ever it may be  
Mr. S UMNER. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken in supposing that that belonged to the
duties of the examiner of claims. The exam-
iner of claims, as I understand his duties, was
to consider the claims as presented by Ameri-
can citizens to the Department tif State. Mr.
Bemis, as I have always understood-, devoted
himself to perusing the correspondence that
had passed between the Department of State
and Mr. Adams relating to the great principles
involved in those claims.
Mr. CONKLING. Am I wrong, then, in
supposing that the Senator from Massachusetts
cited the Alabama claims as the instance in
which this officer had been so valuable ?
Mr. SUMNER. I cited thatas one instance.
I hope my friend will pardon me. I do not
care about prolonging the discussion.
Mr. CONKLING. In answer to that, to
trespass one moment further upon the courtesy
of my friend from Indiana, I beg to say this :
I have heard the Senator from Massachusetts
repeat a great many times that the Committee
on Appropriations had acted in the dark,
taken a step in the dark ; and then I have
heard him repeat as often expressions indica-
tive of the painful labor, the procrastinating
and attenuated attention which he had bestowed
upon subjects of this sort, and the methodical,
the conclusive, the infallible manner in which
he had reached the opinion which he expressed.
Now, he says he does not wish to be drawn
into anything of this sort with me, and awhile
ago he said that he did not wish to wrangle
with the Senator from Indiana. With him we
all know it is very hard to wrangle, because it
takes two to wrangle, and he is usually not
one of the two who do that business. But I
submit to the Senate, with great respect, that
it will hardly do for any man to rise here and,
ex cathedra, express opinions of this sort, and
put down the report of a committee, and then
decline to state what the facts are that he has
picked up in the long process through which
he has gone.
I believe, after hearing the honorable Sena-
tor, that this office in the State Department,
looking to the future, is wholly useless ; and I
believe the Senator would be utterly unable,
on the stand as a witness, or in his place as a
Senator, to respond to intelligent questions in
such a way as to show, within his owp knowl-
edge, any reason whatever for retaining^this
officer. He has cited one instance, that of the
Alabama claims, which, as I understand it, is
a most striking illustration of the want of any
utility in this officer in question. And now,
when I press it a little, without meaning any
disrespect to him, ofcourse, he declinesbecause
he does not wish to be drawn into a wrangle
with one Senator, nor into the answering of
unncecessary questions of another.
My understanding is that Mr. Bemis is the
man to whom was committed the perusal, the
codification of this correspondence, the man
to whom was committed the solution of those
questions u pon which the claims ot all the claim-
ants depended; and it is to that 1 was calhngthe
attention of the Senate and of the Senator. 1
certainly do not wish to pursue the subject it
he does not; but I beg to say to him that he
will find more willing hearers than I am it he
finds Senators who will take in the lump these
