1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vote who were entitled to vote under the recon-
struction laws, requiring a revision and correc-
tion ot' the lists. Now, this bill is brought
forward for the purpose—that is the effect, if
not the intention—of enabling these men, who
are seeking to disfranchise twenty-five thousand
•white men, to so manipulate the election as to
put it entirely within their control. Such is
the character of this bill which is to be hur-
j'ied through this House under the pretense
that it is to protect'life, liberty, and property.
It is, so far as Virginia is concerned, for the
purpose, and purpose alone, of disfranchising
these twenty-five thousand white men who are
entitled to vote, and throwing the election into
the hauds of a set of unscrupulous adventurers
who are restrained by no principle, who have no
interest in the State or her people, and who
are looking solely to self-aggrandizement, re-
gardless of the rights of the people of Vir-
ginia.
Let me state another fact. The registration
in Richmond last fall was so fraudulent that it
was set aside in March last, and a new one was
ordered by General Schofield, when eleven
hundred white men were added to the regis-
tration list. Under the view taken and bill
prepared by Wells and company, that new reg-
istration was to be set aside, and the old fraud-
ulent list restored, and thus eleven hundred
legal and now registered white voters in the city
of .Richmond alone were to be disfranchised,
as none of them were qualified to vote for dele-
gates to the convention which framed the
constitution. The very effort made to pass such
a bill as they proposed ought to be conclusive
evidence to this House that such men are wholly
unworthy to intrust with any power, and that
no man's life, liberty, or right, will be respected
by them, yet this bill proposes to make them
omnipotent.
I may as well mention a feet in this connec-
tion, which, perhaps, more than all others
induced men to withhold their names from
the registration list last fall. The people of
Virginia denied, as they were warranted in
doing by the decision of the Supreme Court
ex parte Mulligan, that the reconstruction acts
were valid, or that they could properly be put
under martial law, or under negro rule, or be
tried by military tribunals in time of peace
when all the courts, State and Federal, were
open ; and many of them declined to register,
lest by so doing they should be giving a seem-
ing sanction to the validity of such acts. Yet
tliey determined to make no decided opposi-
tion ; they were anxious to be again restored to
civil government, and did not care to oppose
the calling of a convention on the formation of a
constitution. They desired to have one, and
if such a constitution was framed as comported
with their ideas of true republican liberty, they
were willing to acquiesce in it and permit it to
become the fundamental law of the State.
They knew that they had the right under the
reconstruction laws to register and vote for or
against any constitution that might be tendered
for their acceptance or rejection by the con-
vention, and the character of the instrument
presented would determine their action. Act-
ing under these laws, and relying upon the
rights therein granted, they failed to register
01 take any part in the matter till now, and
now, when they claim the right secured to them
by existing laws, they are placed under the
absolute dominion of a set of men whose past
conduct and whose avowals here show conclu-
sively that they intend to withhold all these
rights and to disregard everything except what
is necessary to their own advancement. As a
specimen, 1 find the following in the Washing-
ton city papers this morniug :
"Southern 'Unionists' in Convention.-—A meeting
of the Representatives-elect aud * loyal' Union men
of the southern States was held on Wednesday morn-
ing at tbe Washington House at nine o'clock for the
purpose of discus&ing and maturing a plan by which
thoir political aspirations can be most readily at-
tained." * * * * * * * *
" liesulved, That in the judgment of this meeting
Congress ought to legislate immediately for therelief
of the loyal people ot Virginia, Mississippi, and
40tii Cong. 2d Sess.--No. 277.
Texas, in such way as will secure te these States
loyal civil governments." * * * «
"Mr. S. D. Williamson, of Virginia, presented a
statement of affairs in liis State. The military gov-
ernment of General Schofield was examined, and his
counsel to the State convention sharply criticised as
bringing about disorganization in the Republican
ranks. General Schofield postponed the State elec-
tion contrary to the enactments of Congress. Mr.
Williamson said he had presented a memorial to
Congress, but no relief had been obtained as yet.
Unless something was promptly done there would
not ho a loyal white voter left in the State of Vir-
ginia. He wanted Congress to make provision for
the restoration of the power'if the Republican party.
They had nothing to hope for unless Congress did
something immediately. General Stoneman. the
successor of General Schofield, followed the plansof
his predecessor, and had said he should continue to
do so. He had been appealed to to allow the elec-
tion to be held. He understood that General Stone-
man had been appointed the successor of General
Schofield at the request of the latter, and he accepted
the position of Secretary of War on condition only
that General Stoneman should bo appointed his suc-
cessor. Governor Wells, the present Governor, was
considered a loyal man, as is also Judgo Underwood,
the president of the convention.
The meeting resolves that the States of Vir-
ginia, Texas, and Mississippi, must be made
loyal by Congress. Unless something is done
promptly there will not be a loyal white voter
left in the State of Virginia, said Williamson ;
he had presented a memorial to Congress (1
have shown you what it was) and had as yet
obtained no relief. They are getting relief now
with a vengeance, and that promptly. Wells
and Underwood will make Virginia loyal if they
have to disfranchise every white man in the
State, and I suppose this Congress would in-
dorse the act and proclaim any man or any
pal'ty revolutionists who would say that they
had not the perfect right to do so.
But I must hasten oil. IIow is it with the
Slate of Mississippi ? tier convention is to
reassemble to remove and appoint all officers
of the provisional government; to authorize the
provisional governor they may appoint to re-
move and appoint all registrars and judges of
elections ; to organize and maintain a constab-
ulary force, (of armed negroes, of course ;) to
ascertain and determine the result of all elec-
tions, and especially the election determining
the adoption or rejection of the proposed con-
stitution ; to pass any ordinances they please,
even if those ordinances disfranchise every
white man in the State, and all such ordinances
shall be valid until disapproved by Congress.
Of course whether they are disapproved or not
will depend altogether on whether they man-
age to carry the State for Grant and elect Rad-
icals to fill all the offices. The Mississippi
carpet-baggers were at the meeting last night
also, and they put in their demands thus:
"General G. C. Mclvee, of Mississippi, said the con-
dition of affairs m his State was somewhat mixed.
He claimed that thero were frauds at the recent elec-
tion, and was ready to establish that fact, but the
Reconstruction Committee had retused to listen to
them. The State could be securcd to the Republi-
can party if they were allowed to poll alt their votes.
A oitl was pending before Congress which looked for
the relief of the Republicans m that State. He was
opposed to Congress adjourning at the present time.
"Geneial Giltem, who is at the head of the mili-
tary department in Mississippi, was the personal
friend of President Johnson, and, ofcourse.no favors
or protection could be hoped lor while such things
were permitted to exist. A new provisional govern-
ment was needed, and it was to be hoped Congress
would take some action before adjourning.
" Mr. J. Ryjlsback, of Mississippi, said he could
indorse the remarks of his friend, General McKee.
Itwas hard for the Republicans to secure the elec-
tions or the cooperation ot the negroes. He was
opposed to this one-sided arrangement, and looked
upon the recent election as a perfect farce. Con-
gress must come to our assistance or the Republicans
will be entirely demoralized. It Congress_ did not
come to their relief he should return to his native
State, Indiana. He was a carpet-bagger, and was
proud otthetitle. Thisclassweie 'playedout,' con-
cessional assistance to the contrary notwithstand-
ing. They had spent all their funds, and were wait-
ing for something to turn up that will bring them
relief."
Railsback was defeated for Congress, and
feels like going home to Indiana unless some-
thing turns up. This bill will make him drift
back with his carpet-bag to Mississippi. Con-
gress has come to his assistance : he will be in
funds as soon as the convention gets a fresh
hold on the people, and the one-sided farce of
an election will be repeated, with the white
men out in the cold; and this is Republican
liberty and law.
For a week or more a parcel of fellows,
claiming to be from Mississippi aud the repre-
sentatives of their convention, hung round the
Reconstruction Committee room pretending
to have evidence of fraud and false voting, and
returns sufficient to show that eight or ten of
the largest and most populous Democratic
counties in the State ought to be rejected, and
the constitution declared adopted, and the Rad-
ical office-seekers proclaimed elected. They
asserted that a committee of five had been
appointed by some ordinance of the conven-
tion to determine whether the constitution was
adopted or not, although the reconstruction
laws vested that power exclusively in the
department commander, and required all re-
turns upon that subject to be made to him,
and that they had the evidences necessary to
make out their claim from that committee.
While they were thus pressing their demands
and urging immediate action a telegram an-
nounced that General Gillem had forwarded
all the returns to the Presideut. These returns
came, and tbe report was laid before the com-
mittee, accompanied by full returns from all
the registrars, judges of election, post com-
manders, &c., with a full aud clear exhibit of
all his acts and orders as department com-
mander, falsifying all the statements and
allegations of the committee of the conven-
tion, and establishing beyond all peradvonture
the defeat of the constitution by a majority
of 7,629, and the election of a Democratic
Governor and Legislature, and four of the
five members of Congress, by decisive major-
ities. This report silenced the convention
emissaries; from that day to this they have
not opened their mouths before the committee,
as such. None of their evidences of fraud or
unfairness have ever been filed. General Gil-
lem' s report not only falsifies their assertions,
but shows how utterly reckless the convention
and its committee is. Perhaps that is the rea-
son why all power is to be given to it by this
bill.
1 have not time to read the report of General
Gillem which I hold in my hand, far less to
read the numerous orders and reports on which
he bases it. He shows how the convention,
under the power given to it by Congres^to levy
a tax to defray the expenses of that body, un-
dertook to tax all trades and occupations in
the State: street brokers, $100 each; $60,000
on the railroad corporations, which by*he State
laws could not be taxed, requiring the sheriff
to collect taxes from citizens ill ten days, aud
anumber of other acts equally arbitrary, illegal,
and oppressive, demonstrating that the only
object of that body was to oppress, extort from,
and eat out the substance of that people, which
was, indeed, their only mission to the State.
Yet this is the power sought to be restored,
with gangs of armed negroes at their back,
under pretense of protecting the lives and prop-
erty of the people. All these outrages General
Gillem opposed as best lie could, aud his doing
so was doubtless the cause of his temporary
removal. He shows farther that he took every
means possible to secure a fair and free election.
He supplied registration papers to the negroes
especially who had lost the originals. He ex-
tended the time of voting in populous districts
for their benefit. He appointed supervisors to
visit the registrars and judges of elections and
instruct them as to their duties. He distributed
the soldiers under his command so as to have
them at sixty-three different points in the State
while the elections were progressing, charging
them to aid the civil officers and see that neither
force norintimidation was resorted to ; in short,
he took all the precautions possible to secure
peace, good order, and a fair and free election,
aud closed his report thus:
" On tbe 10th instant the boards of registration of
the various counties having ail madetheir returns, as
required by the fourth section ot the act ot March
23,1867 they were consolidated, and show the toliow-
