186a.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1345
do its duty fairly, fully, aud completely. As I
said in the outset, it is not a question whether
Johnson shall have the emoluments of this office
for the remainder of his term. That is not
all. If that.were all I would not stand here
to argue the question one moment. It is of
small consequence; but when we look at the
future, fraught as it is with so many conse-
quences of the longer continuance of the offi-
cial character of this man, it becomes a very
important question. For, sir, if he can re-
move the Secretary of War he can remove any
member of his Cabinet. He can remove every
officer in the United States except the judi-
ciary, and he may remove even the judges
with as little violation of law as in this case.
We saw by the papers a day or two since an
order had been issued by the President erect-
ing what he called the Department of the
Atlantic, to the command of which he ordered
Lieutenant General Sherman. When he failed
to make a tool of that gallant soldier or to
seduce him with brevet titles, given, doubtless,
to spite the General of the Army, after Sher-
man refused to be his tool, he revokes so much
of the order as designates him to command the
department, and we now hear that he has
found a pliant tool for the purpose of putting
in command of that department.
What necessity is there for this new military ■
department at this time? The law provides
that the General of the Army shall keep his
headquarters in the city of Washington. It
further provides that all military orders shall be
issued through those headquarters. Notwith-
standing that he issues his orders directly
through his subordinates. Iflie will do that, what
next will he do? When he has a pliant tool in
command of this department he will do what
he has already threatened, order General Grant
in arrest. In his correspondence he accuses
him of insubordination. Who doubts his pur-
pose, then, when lie has control of the Army
here, to put General Grant in arrest? Where,
then, will he pause? If he can turn out the
heads of Departments he may turn us out, and
with the Army at his back he is determined to
do it. What follows ? With the entire control
of the Army, we are in the hollow of the hand
of this unscrupulous usurper—this man who
stops at no constitutional impediment, and
who either knows or fears no law. No recon-
struction of the disorganized States. Their
agony is to be prolonged; they are to be kept
out an indefinite period, while traitors are
restored to power. The offices of the country
are to be filled with the pliant Democratic tools
to force the Democratic party into his nomina-
tion for the Presidency. He expects to keep
warm the seat he occupies in the White House
for another term 
Mr. GETZ. Oh, no.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My friend says "Oh,
no." If I were a betting man I would make a
small wager that his party will nominate him.
Mr. GETZ. I do not think the Democratic
party can be forced with a nomination of any-
body for the presidency.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does my friend say
he will not support him if he is nominated?
Mr. GETZ. If he is nominated I will sup-
port him or any other nominee.
Mr. FARNSWOETH. That is good old
Democratic doctrine. I have heard it a great
while ; "Go it blind, right or wrong."
Mr. MULLINS. Blaekorwhite. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, Mr. Speaker,
with the liberties of loyal men and freedmen
in the southern States crushed out, as they will
be, with unwashed rebels and unrepentant trai-
tors restored to power, with the President on
their side, with the Army in his hands and
Congress at his mercy, what will be the con-
dition of the country, especially when, if what
my friend from New York [Mr. Brooks] says
be true, that Army is recruited from the ranks
of the rebels, or, what amounts to the same
thing 
Mr. HOLHAN. I hope the gentleman will
not misstate the remarks of the gentleman
from New York.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 85.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understood him to
say—and if I am wrong I hope he will correct
me—that two thirds of the Army were made up
of rebels.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, no; Nothing of the
sort. The gentleman is dreaming. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
tell me what he did say?
Mr. BROOKS. Nothing like that; that has
not even romance for a foundation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
will correct me I will stand corrected. What
did he say ?
Mr. BROOKS. I spoke something like an
hour, but I said nothing like that in the hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will he tell me what
he did say?
Mr. BROOKS. You will find it in the re-
ported speech. I will not change it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well, then; I
shall not take it back. If the gentleman will
not tell me what he did say I assume that I
am correct in my statement.
Mr. BROOKS. Of course I will do any-
thing the gentleman wishes me if I can under-
stand what he claims I did say.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That two thirds of
the Army were made up of rebels.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, no. I said a larger
number than two thirds I thought was made
up of Democrats. [Laughter.]
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. If that is a correc-
tion I stand corrected. [Laughter.] But I
supposed they were convertible terms. I knew
they were in 18G0. The Army then was largely
made up of Democrats ; we found when the
pinch came that they were rebels and they left
us. The gentleman now makes use of the
same threat they did then, namely, that the
Democrats will resist our constitutional right
to impeach the President.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, no ; nothing of the
sort. The gentleman has been dreaming dur-
ing my whole speech if he fancics I said any
such thing.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
will correct me I will be obliged to him.
Mr. BROOKS. I said that in the matter of
impeachment whatever this House might choose
to do, if they chose to impeach the President
for the cut of his coat or the color of his hair
it was our dutv to submit.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, Mr. Speaker,
I understood the gentleman to declare in the
most dramatic manner, "so help me God he
never would submit."
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, no ; the gentleman has
been dreaming, dreaming, dreaming.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
say he did not declare that he would not submit
if the President was impeached?
Mr. BROOKS. I said we should submit if
he was impeached, because you have the con-
stitutional right to impeach him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, what did the
gentleman mean then whenhe was talkingabout
Democrats having the muscle, the strength,
the fighting power, and that two thirds of the
Army were made up of Democrats, and they
would resist impeachment ?
Mr. BROOKS. I did not say resist im-
peachment. What I did say in substance was
this: that so long as the majority in this House
followed the Constitution and the law in the
impeachment of the President, it was our duty
to submit. I said, further, that in case they
resorted to measures independent of and be-
yond the Constitution and against the law we
would not submit.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Against the law!
But the gentleman proposes to set up his
judgment of what iS and what is not against
iaw. That is the very thing the rebels did in
1860. They said, "If you elect Abraham
Lincoln President of the United States we will
not submit," They said, "He is not a na-
tional candidate ; he is a local, sectional can-
didate ; he will not be a constitutional Presi-
dent, and we will not submit; we have got
the fighting strength, and we defy yon to elect
him." That is what they said here upon the
floor of this House and at the other end of
the Capitol when they were being cheered
and egged on by galleries of secessionists
armed to the teeth. Over and over again
they said that they would not submit if we
elected a President according to the consti-
tutional forms of the country; and they told
us then that they had the muscle, the fighting
strength, that one Democrat was as good as
five Republicans, and all that. I tell my frUrict
from New York that I come here from a dis-
trict which gives me fourteen thousand majority,
and I will pit every man of them against any
two of his secession, anti-constitutional Dem-
ocrats.
Mr. GETZ. Docs the gentleman intend to
inaugurate another civil war?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No; I propose to
put it down.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman. He has spoken very much
here about opposition to the law, whatever it
may be, as a tiling not to be tolerated. I wish
to ask the gentleman this question: if this
Congress should pass an act which should
affect his person and his property—take away
his property and forfeit it without any color of
right or law—would he submit to it or not, it
being upon the statute-book as the law of the
land? Where is the operation of the doctrine
of resistance to commence? What does the
gentleman mean when he undertakes to say in
substance that no person is at any time to resist
a law which is upon the statute-book?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman's
question is a contradiction upon its face. He
asks me what I would do if Congress should
pass a law to deprive me of my property with-
out any color of law.
Mr. PRUYN. I meant to say without any
color of constitutional right, but yet in due
form on the statute-book. Would the gentle-
man resist it?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would appeal to
the courts.
Mr. PRUYN. Ah! That is it exactly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 would appeal to
the courts. -That is not resisting the law, be-
cause the Constitution and laws afford me that
remedy. My colleague behind me [Mr. Ross]
says, why not appeal to the courts now? Ap-
peal to the courts for what? How? To know
who is Secretai-y of War, says my colleague.
I know who is Secretary of War. The Con-
stitution and laws of my country tell me who
is Secretary of War. Andrew Johnson yester-
day told us who was Secretary of War when
he wrote his letter to Edwin M. Stanton and
told him he was Secretary of War, but should
not be after the reception of that notice. The
gentleman asks me when are we to resist a
law? Never by force except m the resort to
the final right of revolution, but never until
you reach that point. The courts afford us an
opportunity. 1 reiterate the question of my
colleague—why does not Mr. Johnson go to
the courts? The Constitution of the country
has given us a court; the Constitution provides
for a high court of impeachment. We are
bringing our suit in that court to-day. We
are appealing to that court—the only court
that the Constitution has provided for a case
like this—and we are going to press our suit
in this court to final judgment, and when that
judgment is pronounced then comes the ques-
tion mooted by the gentleman from New York,
whether they will stand it or not.
Mr. PRUYN. Then I understand that the
gentleman does not censure the President for
differing in opinion with him as to this law
and acting accordingly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
from anything the President says that lie differs
with me about the law or the Constitution at
all in this transaction. I cannot find anything
in his letter to Stanton, or in that to Thomas,
indicating that he has any opinion, one way or
the other, with regard to this law.
Mr. PRUYN. Then what is the question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know that in his
