2370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
In the nervous language of my honored name-
sake, [Mr. E. G. Spaldifg. of New York,]
when he introduced from the Committee of
Ways aud Means the first bill authorizing the
issue of " legal-tender" notes, the measure was
one of war; said Mr. S.:
" The bill before us is a war measure—a measure
of necessity aud not of choice—presented by tlio
Committee of Ways and Means to meet the most
pressing demands upon the Treasury; to sustain the
Army and Navy until they can make a vigorous ad-
vauce upon the traitors and crush out tho rebellion,
■these are extraordinary times, and extraordinary
measures must be resorted to in order to save our
Government and preserve our nationality."
Mr. Chairman, I now solemnly aver that if
I had beeu a member of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress I would have voted, under the press-
ure of circumstances, for the passage of the
act entitled "An act to authorize the issue of
United States notes, and for the redemption or
funding thereof, and for funding the iloating
debt of the United States,'" approved Febru-
ary 2.), 18g2. And J affirm just as solemnly,
that at no time since the surrender of Lee's
army would I have felt justified in repeating
that vote.
One of my fellow citizens in Ohio, Mr.
George H. Pendleton, is perhaps the strong-
est competitor of the honorable member from
the Marblehead district in Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] for the distinguished honor of origin-
ating the plan of paving Government bonds
bearing interest with Government notes bear-
ing no interest; in other words, they both in-
sist that it is lawful and expedient for the
Federal Government to pay its live-twenty
bonds, bearing an interest of six per cent., at
any time alter five years from their date, with
"greenbacks" or United States legal-tender
notes, pajable at the pleasure qf the Govern-
ment, and without interest. I can character-
ize this scheme, which, 1 am free to admit, has
captivated a great many minds, in no better
way than as a contemptible and cowardly mode
of repudiating the public debt. Let us test it.
At the commencement of the present session
ol' Congress the six per cent, five-twenty bonds
outstanding against the Government amounted
to $1,207,808,100. At the same time the
"greenbacks" in circulation throughout the
country amounted to $357,104,844.
We will now suppose the five-twenty bonds
to be paid by a new issue of "greenbacks"
from the Treasury. There will then be in cir-
culation an amount of " greenbacks " equal to
$1,025,002,944.
There is, however, a circulatian of national
bank notes to be taken into consideration, and,
although not "legal tenders," they help to
swell the volume of paper currency in the (Jni-
ted States. The amount, at the time stated,
was $299,103,096.
With this sum added, the United States would
have a paper currency of $1,924,100,940.
With the present paper circulation of $686,-
970,473 ;S9, inclusive of fractional notes, prices
are kufficiently inflated to place all the luxu-
ries and very many of the necessaries of life
beyond the reach of the laboring and industri-
ous classes. What would be their condition
if this vaunted medium of exchange should be
increased $1,237,191,466 61?
The evils would be incalculable. In the lan-
guage of a distinguished writer on political
economy:
"The ills we now feel from an irredeemable paper
circulation would be augmented to an insupportable
extent. The floodgates ol speculation would be
thrown wide open. X'iie value of the paper dollar
would full to twenty cents, to ten cents, or perhaps
even lower. A financial earthquake, such as has
novel belorebeen witnessed, oi even conceived, would
inevitably ioltow. The very foundations of tho social
fabricwould be upheaved, and.perhaps, overturned.
And all public and private lndebtednesswouldfinaily
be extinguished m the general catastrophe."
May a kind Providence, that has hitherto
kept "watch and ward" over our beloved
country, avert from us such direful conse-
quences! Having ^iown, as 1 believe, very con-
clusively, that the " legal-tender" clause of the
act of February 25, 1802, is in contravention
of the letter and spirit of the Constitution of
the United 8tates, I now proceed to make good
my second proposition, to wit: that the act
itself does not, either jn express terms or by
necessary implication, admit of the payment
of the five-twenty six per cent, bonds in any-
thing but the constitutional currency of the
country, gold and silver. And I shall claim
further that my construction of the act at this
time is identically the same with that given to
it by distinguished members of Congress at the
time of its passage, while no one had the as-
surance then, nor until five years afterward, to
claim for it the "Pendleton" construction of
the present day.
The first section of the act authorizes the
issue of $150,000,000 of United States notes
not bearing interest., payable to bearer at the
Treasury of the United States in sums not less
than live dollars each, which notes are made
receivable in payment of all taxes, internal
duties, excises, debts, and demands of every
kind due to the United States, except duties on
imports, and of all claims and demands against
the United States of every kind whatsoever
except interest upon bonds and notes, which
shall be paid in coin ; and also declares that
said United States notes shall be lawful money
and a "legal tender" in payment of all debts,
public ana private, within the United States,
except duties on imports and interest as afore-
said.
llere we have created an anomalous currency
of £150,000,000, subsequently extended to
$450,000,0(10, in United States notes, payable to
bearer, without, interest, and with no fixed time
for their payment. Moreover, these United
States notes are, by a stretch of power on the
part of Congress, about to be thrust into the
channels of commerce as "lawful money"
aud a " legal tender" in payment of debts, as
well those already contracted as those to be
contracted in fnturo. Is there no provision to
be made for their ultimate payment? They
arc for the present a forced loan upon the
people. That everybody admits. Butwillnot
the Government, in order to insure their cir-
culation at some considerable part of their
nominal value, give some assurance that they
shall be funded and ultimately paid in the
constitutional currency? Most unquestionably
these notes will be comparatively worthless
without some such provision.
Hence, in the second section of the act, Con-
gress provided that, " to .enable the Secretary
of the Treasury to fund" these notes, he is
authorized to issue, on the credit of the Uni-
ted States, coupon bonds or registered bonds
to an amount not exceeding §500,000,000, re-
deemable at the pleasure of the United States,
after five years, and payable twenty years from
date, and bearing interest at the rate of six
per cent, per annum, payable serai annually.
And the Secretary of the Treasury has power
to dispose of said bonds for the United States
notes "that maybe issued" under the provis-
ions'of said act.
Now, tho case may be stated in this wise:
the Federal Government, under the pressure
of a mighty rebellion, placed in the field her
gallant armies and upon the waters her heroic
navies, but of money she was destitute. Her
patriot sons had well-nigh exhausted their cof-
fers in administering to her wants. The bank-
ing corporations of the States had loaned most
liberally of their pecuniary means, but the de-
mand for supply was continuous and increas-
ing. The soldiers must be fed or constitutional
government must fall.
In this emergency the Government manufac-
tures paper money and compels its citizens to
take it in payment of debts, at the same time
holding out the assurance to the people that
every dollar of this extraordinary currency may
be absorbed in the funded debt of the United
States, drawing interest at six per cent., pay-
able semi-annually "in coin," and the principal
sum payable at the pleasure of the Government
at any time after five years and within twenty
years, as all other public securities are payable
when the mode of payment is not otherwise
specified, in gold and silver coin. The Con-
gress of-1862 went still further in their enact- |
ment, as if to show clearly their intendment.
In section five they provided that all duties -J
on imported goods should be paid in coin, the ■ 
same to be set apart as a special fund:
1. For the payment of the interest oir the :
bonds of the United States ; and
2. For the paymert of one per cent, of the
entire debt of the United States each fiscal year
after July 1, 1862, the same to be set apart aa
a sinking fund for that purpose.
I do not care to proceed further with this
celebrated act of February 25, 1862, except to
furnish the contemporaneous construction.
W"e find the " legal-tender " paper currency
created. We find that this currency was to be
absorbed by the five-twenty bonds, not the five-
twenty bonds by the United States notes. We
find that all import duties were to be paid in
coin. We find this coin "most solemnly pledged
for the payment of these same five-twenty
bonds, first, the interest semi-annually, as it
accrued, and, lastly, the principal, as a part
of the " debt of the United States," by means
of a sinking fund made up each fiscal year of a
part of the coin derived from the customs
equal to one per ccnt. of the entire debt.
When the bill was under consideration in the
House of Representatives Mr. Pike, of Maine,
in replying to the objection urged by members
in the Opposition that the issuing of United
States notes and declaring them a " legal ten-
der " was a violation of the Constitution, said :
"This is no time for the exercise of constitutional
pedantry. Let us act boldly and forcibly, and so dis-
charge the high and solemn duty imposed upon us
infinitely better than if we shrrunkfrom action under
fear of constitutional scruples. Nor need we fear that
what we do will be used as a dangerous precedent, for
the circumstances which form our justification must
be duplicated before our action can be taken as an
example for others."
Mr. George H. Pendleton, of Ohio, said:
"I doubt whether there is any power in the Fed-
eral Government to issue tho notes described in this
bill, ('greenbacks.') whether they are made a 'legal
tender' or not. They are intended to circulate as
currency. They come within the definition of'bills
of credit/ ^ I have shown that, if they do come within
the definition of * bills of credit,' the power to emit
■ thorn was expressly, designedly withheld from Con-
gress.
" But even if I believed this bill to be constitutional
in both aspects, I yet see enough in it to merit, as I
think, the hearty condemnation of the House. It
provides that these notes shall be redeemable only
at the pleasure of the United States. They do not
bear a single characteristic of a4 demand note.' There
is no time when the faith of the Government is pledged
to their payment. They will inevitably depreciate.
The wit of man has never discovered a means by
which paper currency can be kept at par value, ex-
cept by its speedy, cheap, certain convertibility into
gold and silver. Unless convertible, they have always
depreciated; theyalwayswi Idopreciate; theyought
to depreciate, because they are only valuable as the
representatives of gold and silver. You send these
notes eut into the world stamped with irredeema-
bility. You put on them the mark of Cain, and, like
Cam, they will go forth to be vagabonds and fugitives
on the earth. It requires no prophet to tell what
will bo their history.
# 4' The currency will be expanded, prices will be
inflated, fixed values will depreciate, incomes will
be diminished, the savings of the poor will vanish,
the hoardings of the widow will melt away; bonds
mortgages, and notes, everything of fixed value, will
lose their value; everything of changeable value will
be appreciated; the necessaries of life will rise in
value; the (xoverninent will pay twofold—certainly
largely more than it ought—for everything that it
goes into the market to buy; gold and silver will be
driven out of the country. What then'' The day
or reckoning must come. Contraction will lollow,
piivate ruin and public bnnkruptev, either with or
without repudiation, will inevitably follow."
1 his much from the Democratic aspirant for
presidential honors when it was only proposed
to issue $150,000,000 in " greenbacks." Three
hundred and fifty-six millions are now in cir-
culation, with gold in the market at "one
hundred and forty," and yet this speculator in
political and financial theories urges upon the
people the policy of paying off the Govern-
ment debt with "greenbacks." Verily, tha
prediction of Mr. Pendleton, made in 1862,
may be realized during the first decade aftei
its utterance:
or 'rv"D aSd Public bankruptcy, either witk
or without repudiation,' will inevitably follow."
Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts, said:
tarv Sn H„Pr9Posetl in th,is biU to Uu t geore-
tary to par for six per cent, bonds, the principal and
