THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
ing as the result. [Here follows a full tabular state-
men fc.J He adds:
The foregoing table shows that fchore were oast—
For the constitution 56,231 votes.
Against the constitution 63,860 votes.
And therefore there is a majority of 7,(529
against the constitution."
He says:
"As is generally the ease in elections fraud is
charged by both parties. A!! reports and complaints
bearing on this subject are herewith transmitted for
the consideration of the proper authority, merely
remarking that I ajn satisfied the election was us
as fair and free from intimidation or the influence
of fraud as it would be possible to seoure under
oxisting circumstances, and that no undue influence
was exercised at the polls. If intimidation was used
at all it was beyond the power of the military to
reach it."
That reports-thus wholly uncontradicted,
even by the men who before its receipt were
loud in their charges of fraud, seems to me
absolutely conclusive on both propositions.
First, that fhe constitution was fairly defeated ;
and second, that a convention such as that in
Mississippi is shown by the report and the
conduct of their agents to be, is the last body
of men upon earth in whose hands the pro-
tection of either the lives, the liberty, or the
property of that people ought to be intrusted,
especially with such arbitrary and despotic
powers as this bill proposes to invest them.
How is it with Texas? 'Hie convention has
been in session in that State since the first
Monday in June, and has not yet finished its
labors, waiting, as I believe they admit, for
congressional action, either to divide the Slate
or increase their power and authority. Com-
plaints are made that the lives of the citi-
zens are insecure there. To some extent I sup-
pose that is true, and always has been. But
if the reports are true why not order your mil-
tary commanders to exercise their authority.
Your commanders have power given them in
your reconstruction law to appoint any offi-
cials they please to execute their will in that
district. Why not send down there such forces
as will enable General Reynolds to protect the
people? Cannot he do it better than the con-
vention? General Reynolds is a Republican
beyond all question. Governor Pease is an
ultra Republican. The Freedmen's Bureau is
there. You are withdrawing your armies from
every other part of the South; if the five
thousand soldiers now there are not enough
for Texas send twenty thoMand. Protect the
people, but protect them all, and do not allow
a few men to take possession of the State and
control affairs for their own purposes. The
chargeS'of murders of loyal men so freely and
recklessly made for party purposes are grossly
exaggerated.
I hold in my hand a speech made by Judge
Evans, of Texas, on the tithday of this month,
in the Texas convention on that subject, which
proves the facts as I assert them. 1 will say
to the House that his loyalty will be vouched
for by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] for hewasthe man who was the prin-
cipal in consultation with him as to the divisioH
of the State. He will be vouched for by that
gentleman as one of the mostdistinguished men
in Texas. I will read a few extracts from the
speech.
" Mr- President, I had not expected that the rules
would be suspended for immediate action on this-
resolution, and therefore 1 am not prepared to sub-
mit my objections in their logical older.
It I should manifest moro than ordinary feeling
and embarrassment on this occasion, I hope gentle-
men will bear with me, for no man who loves his
country can hear this report and contemplate, un-
moved, tho consequences which will flow'from this
resolution if adopted.
"When this measure was first introduced, I learn
that it was designed to eover others, which, taken
together, constitute a scries of acts looking .to tho
establishment of a species of government in Texas
which cannot bejustified,unle-iboth tho tacts stated
in this report on lawlessness and crime, and the in-
ferences drawn therefrom, are correct. The first of
these, suggested by Governor Pease's message, was a
request that Congress would give to this body the
control of the boards of regisl rars. Next came the
appropriation of $25,000 to be placcd in the hands of
the Governor, to enable him to employ a corps of
detectives or secret spiesunder tho pretenseofbring-
ing criminals to justice. Then follows the bill asking
of Congress t*he power to organize a loyal militia for
the State ofToxas,
44 Thedesign and tendency of these measures is the
organization of an unmitigated and cruel despotism
for the benefit of a class ot politicians who supinely
asked this convention and the Congress to place
them in power and continue them in power by the
bayonet.
"The report as concocted is charging the entire
Democratic and Conservative masses of Texas as a
band of lawless murderers, or aiders, abettors, and
apologists of the murderers ot defenseless loyalists—
mm d^red. in cold blood tor their loyalty.
"Whether tho facts upon which this report pur-
ports to be based are true or not I am not prepared
to say.
" I offered this morning the resolution asking that
tho committee produce feho records of crime and
statements of witnesses on which they rely. This re-
quest was, as 1 anticipated, denied uie. I felt sure
that those wbo dealt such wholesale denunciations
against their political opponents would not dare lGt
the transactions of their committee-room ever come
to tho light of day.
"3jet me ask the members of this convention if
they arc prcpai ed to mdorso these sweeping denun-
ciations against tboir neighbor* and friends?
"Take the committee'* table of homicides from tho
date of tho surrender in 1805 to tho piescnttime, from
which it appears there were only seven tv-seven hom-
icidevs dui ins the vear 1805. Tho smallnoss of these
ninnbeis is indeed surprising when we take into con-
sidei auon the condition of our uuhaj'py country.
"The most terrible war of anyngc hus.just closed.
The Governor and ali'tho principal officers of the
Slate Were fugitives—the whole machinery of civil
government was broken up, and by mere force of
the moral and intellectual character of its people an-
archy was averted. Of the seventy-seven homicides
it does not appear th t any one of them was killed
lor his loyalty. IsubnuL thai it is well known th.tt
many of thc^e so-called homicide-? wore public exe-
cution ot murdeieis and robbeis bysocicty.
"That lawlessnci^an'l violence arc, and have been
over since then, steadily on tho inereatvO, I well uu-
i dcrstand, and am able to point-to tho true cau^c, t ho
want of oil eiul authority and the contcst ot *ex-
trcmU!sl\.r p^wei." '• * 1
" The ideaof lumping iho political control would
1 nevor hai e «u-u rod to ihc colored people had they
' not been stimulated to make thedemaud, and J ap-
peal to you, faddi esting hmifelt to tho colored dele-
gates.) and.through you to your race, do not listen to
the suggestions ot't ho demagogues, traitois to society,
who lecid j ou in tho ltupiaotioablc effort to control
the political power of this country. You must un-
derstand that no church or society can live in peace
in which the minority undertakes to control tho
majority.
"At this* Hon. Morgan Hamilton objected to the
latiiudo of the remarks, (ilr. Caldwell and other
gentlemen insisted that he be permitted to proceed.)
"Judge Kvunseon tinned: Under the reconstruct ion
laws there aro registered one hundred and four thou-
sand voters; in round numbers iorty thousand col-
ored ami sixty-lour tho^and whites; of these sixty-
four thousand whites not moro than ten thousand
have united with colored—not quite sufficient to give
them tho nuijoiity. The design of this ie>oluuon
and t he threatened measures is nothing less than tho
demand that Congress shall, by a change in tho re-
construction laws, place theso leaders in power, give
to them the control of tho registrars, who will strike
from the list a, sufficient number of whites to insure
their own election to office, and to bo prepared with
alined negro troops to maintain the usurpation.
You, by these measures are striking a fatal blow at
republican government; you render reconstruction
impossible.
"Congress finally yielded to the importunities of
thosoloyMists, andpu^sed reconstructionlaws, defin-
ing the qualifications of votes in Texas, Under the
operation <>i these laws a large portion of the white
voters oi 1860 were dishanchiscd, and all adult col-
ored moles etifran^hishcd. which gave, in round num-
bers, one hundred and four thousand loyal voters.
This result is not satisfactory to Governor Pease;
therefore lie suggests that a sufficient number of
whites bedisfraneirscd to insure him in power. Now
ho scheme* to aim the blacks to carry by the bayonet
his intamousbclieines. Tweuty-livct houaand dollars
have been placd at his? disposal to form that odious
instrument of despots. a corps of detectives. Al-
ready is there opened, in tho state department a
secret reciuitmg office for the enrollment of negro
troops.
"Air. Caldwell here interrupted, denying the
charge.
"Judge Evans. I refer the honorable gentleman
to the members of tho convention wbo nave been
called on to furnish their quota of names of negroes
for his militia.
"Now, I tell the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee [Caldwell] that hois engaging in a perilous
enterprise. Should he succeed in his mission in
caryinginto effect the mandates of his committee,
and go to Jefferson and attempt to continue himself
m ofneo by sufficient number of qualified voters to
control tho election, and attempt to exclude those
against him by armed negroes, he will be resisted,
and he ought to be resisted.
"To what lamentable depths are we reduced 1 A
set of politicians distributing the votes of Texas and
asking this convention to soshapo matters as to place
them m power and keep them in power by bayonets 1
Where is nil tins to end? When military dc&potism
is once established it creates a necessity for its con-
tirmance. And is this to bo the normal condition of
Texas? Vo.no! This is not reconstruction. It ig
provocation of war, and will be met by war. Now,
I opine that the sixty thousand Conservative voters
are just as 1-oyal and as true as are the colored voters
and their whito allies. And you represent tuis 1 rge
and respectable body of voters as aiders and abettors
of crime, or apologists ot criuiel What can you ex-
"I appeal to any member on this floor to say if he
does not know that his neighbors—bis Democratic
and Conservative neighbour—are not as loyal and
orderly and peaoctul as> tho most ardent Kepubii-
c<\n'> Do you not know that these outrages arc com-
mitted by a lew lawless men, some ot wtioin belong
not to Tex.is, but are filibusters iron* other buccs?
Do you not know thai tho people, without reicrenco
to party, in some counties stand iu awe ot tiiem .
The remedy for the^e evils is a speedy organization
of civil government under the reconstruction laws—
on basis to command the respect ot the country.
Mr, Mullins, a Democratic or Conservative
member ol' that convention, also made a speech
on the same day, and he; as well as a Judge
Evans, shows that this scheme, which is now
being put through this House under pretense
of protection to the people, was a mere device
of Pease and his associates, which the V lrginia
and Mississippi carpet-baggers have adopted;
fop these States were on yesterday tackett on to
this bill after it was* prepared for Texas aloue,
nobody pretending tuat t'iiere was any unusual
amount of lawlessness in either of these States,
to crash out the few remaining rights of the
white race and to deliver over the States man-
acled to the Radical party. Pease having
with unblushing impudence recommended that
course to the convention in his wes&age, Air.
Mullins said:
" Mr. President, I propose briefly to review the
series of measures that have passed^ this bouy. In
tho firsstplace, the Governor of the State sends in a
message in which he recommends the di?tranchi-e-
uientof a 'sufficient' number of ourciussens to pi,ice
tho political power of the Stare government in tne
hands of the * loyal people,' meaning, ot course, tho
Itopublicau party. And for what are these men to
be disfranchised? Is it for any crime they havo
committed ? No such charge is made, it is not pre-
tonded that the masses ot the white people of this
State have committed any crime, unless it be a crime
to belong to tho Democratic or Conservative parry.
Why, then,disfranchise them? for the obvious par-
pose of placing an iusigmiicant minority, ciaimin?
to bo 4 the simon pure' aud truly loyal ot the State,
in power.
This convention, adopting the patriotic t?) sug-
gestions of his excellency, proceeded to pennon
Congress to give them control of the boards of regis-
trar. Why? Is if. because the registration has not
been fairly made? Not a bit ot it; and yet tho
measure passed this Hou*e without a tingle item of
testimony having been submitted to it gomgrasiiow
that fraud or corruption had been practiced by tao
boards of registration. Now, sir, it i.s impossib.c tor
any man in his proper s nses to mistake tnc object
of this move. It is to cut down the i>st of respira-
tion until a ' sufficient,' number have been deprived
ot the privilege ot voting to give the liepubacana
control." * * * * * s. *
"But this isnot all. The black list is not yet com-
plete; tho truly loyal men yet sufficiently hedged
in. But the piolific brain ot the llepubaean pauy
(*o called) is equal to^the emergency, and soon aives
birth to the loyal-militia scheme. And what ~ oes
this new-born prodigy ot patriotism propose? Why,
sir, forty thousand biack men, just released Irom n.o
manacles of slavery, aud not yet emerged from the
long night of ignorance and superstition in which
their souls have been enveloped for cen tunes, are to
be organized and armed for the express purpose of ic-
ing as a, police force, to patrol the premises of tneir
former masters, and, if needs be, control the comui"
elections. . To justify all these measures and secure
their sanction by the Congress of the United States we
have here a report ou lawlessness and erune, which
at a glance, would shock themoral sense ot mankind'
And how was this repoit m. do? Therccoids ot the
courts, and of the Heediucii's Bureau lor ilie lu*t
thiec ycais have been searched, and everv cume
every disorderly act, and every mean thing "chat god
has been culled theielrom, and brou 'he to JiMir for
the purpose of biauding the sixty thous 'UcTwh'to
people of this state as thieves, robber*, and murder -
gis. ^<ine hundredhomicides reported to have been
IOI giaiited ih<it OYOry man eii,1r"cl
e not told how m.uiy of these nun
rtneo it is taken for g^ted' tKt cu^cd
i.-* toiiikj. ^ o me not toid how many of theso men
|TnCw? L| in self-defense, howmanytellin drunken
,2 i?™. many were liuug as liorsje thieves, or how
&Ss^«eS%Si!^sssh
i,: " :r- con
na\e the honor to represent on thn floor if 'l Ti;?
 L?«4.' b«a
these large p]ans, and pit
