1346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
correspondence with General Grant the other
day he intimated that he was acting without
reference to the tenure-of-office law, but solely
with reference to the Constitution. But I know
that in this matter he cannot possibly have
acted in reference to the Constitution, because
his acts are in flagrant violation of that instru-
ment.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman from
-Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] yield to me, that I
may move that the House take a recess for an
hour and a half at the close of the gentleman's
speech, and hold a session this evening for the
discussion of this subject ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will be through
in a few minutes
Mr. KELLEY. I do not mean to take my
friend from the floor at this time, but sim-
ply to have the question settled now, whether
at the conclusion of his speech we will take a
recess for an hour and a half.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. KELLEY. Then I will move that, at
the close of the remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois, the House take a recess until seven
o'clock this evening.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For what
purpose does the gentleman propose the ses-
sion of to-night?
Mr. KELLEY. For debate only.
Mr. ASHLEY of Ohio, Mr. BUTLER, and
others objected.
The SPEAKER. Itreqtiires unanimous con-
sent of the House to order a session for debate
only. But a majority can take a recess until
such time as they see fit for the transaction of
business
Mr. KELLEY. Then I will modify my
motion, and move that, at the conclusion of
the speech of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth,] the House take a recess until
half past seven o'clock to-night.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 would prefer to
have the recess taken at once.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Illinois to yield at this
time for a recess.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I desire to say, so far
as I am concerned, that I should be glad to
have an understanding about the couise of
proceeding upon this subject and the termina-
tion of debate upon it. It seems to be pretty
apparent that we cannot close the debate to-
night with satisfaction to the different mem-
bers of the different parties in this House. Bat
1 think we should be able to close this debate
on Monday next, and then take the sense of
the House upon this resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] allow me to
make a suggestion ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Perhaps I had better
make my own suggestion and let the House act
upon it. My suggestion is that we continue
the debate to-night, so far as it may seem de-
sirable to the House, without taking any recess,
and that on Monday the consideration of the
subject be resumed immediately after the read-
ing of the Journal.
The SPEAKER. That would require unani-
mous consent, because, by the rules of the
House, there is a morning hour set apart on
Monday, during which time the Chair cannot
even ask the House for unanimous consent to
any proposition.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I think that members
will consent to forego the morning hour on
Monday, and that the question be taken upon
this resolution at four o'clock p. m., and that
Bpeeehes in the meantime be limited to thirty
minutes each.
Several Members. Say twenty minutes.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I am willing to fix the
limit at twenty minutes.
Mr. PRUYN. And adjourn this afternoon.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I shall not object to the
House adjourning whenever it shall wish.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the House the proposition of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.] It is
that the House, by unanimous consent, agree
that Monday next, at four o'clock, be fixed for
the closc of the discussion upon this subject,
at which time the House shall proceed to vote
directly upon the pending resolution ; and that
the House remain in session this evening until
such time as they may see fit to adjourn, and
that speeches be limited to twenty minutes
each. Is there objection to that proposition?
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the
proposition so as to make the time for taking
the vote five o'clock on Monday, and to limit
speeches to thirty minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to any proposi-
tion fixing the time when the vote shall be
taken.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent that if, by reason of the arrange-
ment made for Monday, there be no oppor-
tunity afforded on that day for suspending the
rules, we shall have that opportunity on Tues-
day.
Mr. KERR. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
on Monday next the first business after the
morning hour will be a motion to suspend the
rules made on Monday last by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Griswoi.d] upon resolu-
tions with regard to the rights of American
citizens abroad. That question, being a motion
to suspend the rules, has priority even of a
question of privilege. After that is disposed
of, either by the action of the House upon the
question or by its postponement to some other
time, a succeeding Monday, then this question
of privilege would be resumed.
Mr. KERR. I withdraw my objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Wasiiburse. J
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. As we
can come to no agreement about the mode of
proceeding, 1 hope we shall proceed with the
debate.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Wasiiburke?]
Mr. ELDRIDGE, If the proposition simply
means that there shall be, with regard to the
suspension of the rules, the same power on
Tuesday as thero would otherwise be on Mon-
day, I do not object; otherwise I do.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object, unless the
proposition I have made, or that which has
been made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
BiXGJi.vtf]—I am not particular which—shall
prevail. Unless one of those propositions be
assented to, I object to the proposition of the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
desire that my proposition shall be adopted,
unless one of the other propositions be adopted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. J3outweia] states that he
objects to the proposition of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wasiibubne] untess it be
agreed that tlie vote shall be taken upon the
pending proposition at five o'clock on Monday,
and that speeches be limited to thirty minutes.
If that proposition be assented to, then he
consents to the proposition that the rules may
be suspended on Tuesday.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I objected to fi xing a time
when the vote should be taken. I now with-
draw that objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio.
It is that debate continue this evening till such
time as the House may think fit; that on
Monday next the discussion be resumed as
soon as it may be in order under the rules :
that at five o'clock the vote be taken on the
proposition, and that from this time till the
close of the debate speeches be limited to thirty
minutes,
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, as no arrange-
ment can be made for taking the vote at any
specified time, I move the previous question,
and ask that the vote be taken now.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Covode] is not entitled to the
floor. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] is still entitled to the floor for
fifteen minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] will proceed.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler?]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will for a moment.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to state the ground
of the objection which I made. I will occupy
but a moment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object, unless
the gentleman will agree, after stating his ob-
jection, to withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has the right, under the rule, to yield a
portion of his time to any gentleman for ex-
planation of the pending measure.
Mr. BUTLER. I was about to say, as the
reason of my objection, that when this sub-
ject of impeachment was up before the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] would allow us
only one hour in which to debate it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The House, not
"the gentleman from Iowa."
Mr. BUTLER. The House, under the lead
of the gentleman from Iowa; and every man
on the opposite side voted with him to cut off
debate. Therefore, I am not very anxious
to give them a chance to air their vocabulary
now. That is the reason.
Mr. WILSON; of Iowa, made some remark
inaudible at the reporter's desk.
Mr. BUTLER. I am not to be interrupted
from behind. [Laughter.] I am content to
withdraw the objection, having achieved my
purpose. I want to show gentlemen on the
other side we are willing to give them a dif-
ferent rule of fairness from that we had from
them. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I renew my motion, that
the vote be taken on this resolution on Mon-
day at five o'clock, the debate to continue
until then, and speeches to be limited to thirty
minutes each; and that on Tuesday motions
to suspend the rules shall be in order as on
Monday.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no
objection, and it is so ordered. The debate on
the pending resolution will continue until five
o'clock Monday next, when the vote will be
taken. Speeches are limited to thirty minutes
each. On Tuesday motions to suspend the
rules will bo in order as on Monday. If there
be no objection the resolution of Mr. Griswold,
relating to the rights of adopted citizens abroad,
will be postponed until Tuesday, so as to give
further time for this debate.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
a like postponement shall be made of the Navy
appropriation bill.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
TheSPEAKER. If there be no objection
the morning hour of Monday will also be trans-
ferred to Tuesday.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
fhe SPEAKER. This debate will continue
this evening so long as the House may see fit,
and on Monday it will be resumed after the
reading of the Journal and continue until five
o'clock, when the vote is to be taken.
Mr. EGGLESTON. There is to be no busi-
ness other than debate this evening?
I he SPEAKER. That is all.
Mr. BLAINE. The States are to be called
tor resolutions on Tuesday ?
The SPEAKER. Tuesday is in every re-
spect to be considered as Monday.
