312
SUPPLEMENT TO
and it relieves us from the necessity of going
through them, article by article, and step by
st6t>. Give me these two propositions; the
right to remove Stanton and the right to issue
the letter of authority to Thomas, and the arti-
cles fall instantly; there is nothing left of them.
So that we have at last, in the consideration
ofthSse articles, but two inquiries to make:
1. Had the President the right to remove
Stanton ?
2. Had he the right to issue the letter of
authority to Thomas?
I propose, as well as I am able in my con-
dition, to examine these two questions.
Taking up the questions in their order, first,
■ had the President the right to remove Edwin
M. Stanton ? I propose to examine that ques-
tion in the first instance in connection with
the act regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices. It is claimed on the one side that by
the 'operations of this law Mr. Stanton was
withdrawn from his previous position and cov-
ered and protected here. It Is claimed upon
the other side that the law does not_ apply to
his case; and if it do not, I think it will be
acknowledged by the Senators that the Presi-
dent had the right to remove him. Allow me
to call your attention, therefore, to one sec-
tion of this law in which the question is pre-
sented :
" That every person hoklin^any civil office to which
hehasbeenappointe.il by and with the advico and con-
sent of the Senate. and every person who shall here-
after be appointed to any such office,andsball become
duly qualified to act therein, is, andshall be, entitled
to hold such offico until a successor shall have been
in like manner appointed and duly qualified, except
asherein otherwise provided: J'rmndeil. That the
Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of War, of tho
Navy, and of tho Interior, tho Postmaster General,
and tho Attorney (ieueral, shall hold their offices re-
spectively for and durins the term of tho President
by whom they may have been appointed, and for one
month thereafter, subject to removal by aud with the
advice and consent of the Senate."
Now, gentlemen, let me state a few facts
before we proceed to the consideration of the
construction of this section. The first fact to
which I call your attention is that tho act was
passed on the 2d of March 18iW. I further call
your attention to tho fact that Stanton's com-
mission is dated on the 10th of January, 1802.
It is a commission given to him by President
Lincoln, by which ho was to hokl the office of
Secretary for the Department of War '' during
the pleasure of the President of tho United
States for the time being. " Mr. .Johnson be-
came President on the 15th of April, 1805. lie
has not in any manner commissioned Mr. Stan-
ton. Upon these facts, Senators, I claim it is
clear that Mr. Stanton is not protected by
this bill. Let ns inquire. The law proposed
to grant to the Cabinet officers, as they are
called, a term that shall last during the term
of the President by whom they were appointed,
and one month thereafter. Mr. J ohnson has
not appointed Mr. Stanton. He was appointed
during the first term of Mr. Lincoln, lie was
not appointed at all during the current pres-
idential term. He holds his office by a com-
mission which would send him through Admin-
istration after Administration until itis recalled.
Now, what is the meaning of this language,
" he shall hold his office during the term of the
President by whom he was appointed?" and
he was not appointed during the present term.
I think that is enough. It does seem to me
that that simple statement settles this ques-
tion.
The gentleman has said this is Mr. Lincoln's
term. The dead have no ownership in office
or estate of any kind. Mr. Johnson is the
President of the United States with a term,
and this is his term. But it would make no
difference if Mr. Lincoln were living to-day ;
if Mr. Lincoln were the President to-day ho
could remove Mr. Stanton. Mr. Lincoln would
not have appointed him during this term. It
was during the last term that Mr. Stanton re-
ceived ilia appointment and not this ; and an
appointment by a President during one term,
by the operation of this law will not extend
the appointee through another term because
that same party may happen to be reelected
to the Presidency. _ Stanton, therefore, holds
under his commission, and not under the law.
Again, Senators, his tenure of office cannot
be extended or changed from his commission
to the law. What is the proposition of this
law? Mr. Sianton held, before its passage,
" during the pleasure of the President for the
time being." This law proposes to give him,
in place of a term at pleasure, a term ot years
and one month thereafter. By what authority
can the Congress of the United States extend
the term in this manner? That office can only
be held by the appointment of the President.
His nomination and his appointment must
cover the whole term which the appointee
claims. On any other theory the Congress of
the United States might extend the offices of
persons who had been appointed indefinitely
through years and years, and thus defeat the
constitutional provision that the President shall
nominate and shall appoint for theoffice, for
the whole term of the office. There is no other
construction that can be put upon it.
And in this view of it, it appears to me, Sen-
ators, that the law we have under consider-
ation cannot be made to apply to any offices
which were occupied at the time of its passage.
Take the case of a general office held at pleas-
ure. What is the character of that tenure ?
The lowest tenure known to the law is a tenure
at pleasure, at suffrance, at will. To convert
that into a tenure for a fixed term is to enlarge
it, to extend it, to increase it, to make it a
larger estate than it was before. If the office
be one that cannot be filled without presi-
dential nomination and appointment it does
seem to me, whatever may be the office, it can-
not be extended as to those who were inoffice
at the time. If this be a right construction of
the act of March 2, 1807, and I am compelled
to leave it with this brief examination, Mr.
Stanton is left where he was before its pas-
sage.
It is further to bo observed that the act of
March 2, 1867, has no repealing clause. We
are, therefore, remitted to the previous laws
applicable to his case, and this refers us to the
Constitution and the act of August 7, 178!).
By the provisions of this law it is provided
among other things that—
"There shall bo an executive Department to bo
denominated tho Department of War; and there
shall bo a principal ofliccr therein to be called the
Secretary for tho Department of War, who shall
perform and executo such duties as shall from tun®
to timo bo enjoined on or intrusted to him by the
President of tho United States, and the said principal
officer shall conduct the business of the said Depart-
ment in such manner as tho President of tho United
States shall from timo to time order and instruct.^
"There shall be in the said Department an inferior
officer, to beappointed by said principal otticer, to be
employed therein as he shall deem proper, and to bo
called tho chief clerk of the Department of War;
and whenever tho said principal officer shall bo re-
moved from oflieo by the President of the United
States, and in any other easo of vacancy, shall, dur-
ing the same, have charge of the records, books,"
This is the law to which we are referred,
unless the act to regulate the tenure of cer-
tain civil ofiiccs covers the case of Mr. Stan-
ton. By the terms of this law, by the com-
mission that was issued to Mr. Stanton to hold
'• during the pleasure of the President of the
United States for the time being" framed upon
this law, by the uniform construction of it,
as I shall show, the President had the right to
remove Mr. Stanton according to his pleasure.
Mr. FKSSENDEN. Mr. President, the
counsel will excuse me. I wish to observe, if
I may be permitted to do so, that the counsel
is evidently laboring under very severe diffi-
culty in endeavoring to go on, and if he finds
himself very much oppressed I feel disposed
to move an adjournment unless one of the
Managers wishes to occupy the day.
Mr. GBOESBECK. I am very much obliged
to the Senator, if he will allow me to answer
him. I thank him for the suggestion ; but I
came here indisposed this morning, and I have
apprehensions that I shall not be any better if
this matter is postponed. Hence I do not
■ know but that I had better go on as best I
i can. I shall be very thankful for the attention
of the Senate to what I shall say in the condi-
tion in which I find myself.
But we are told, Senators, by the gentlemen
who argue this cause on the other side that there
has been no such case as the removal of a head
of a Department without the cooperation of the
Senate, and that the construction which we
claim as applicable to this law is unsound.
Allow me, upon that subject, to call your at-
tention to pages 357 and 859 of the proceed-
ings. I now refer to the letter of John Adams,
written under one of these three laws that were
passed in the First Congress under the Con-
stitution. I give you the letter:
Philadelphia, May 12,1800.
Sik: Divers causes and considerations, essential
to the administration of the Government, in my
judgment, requiring a change in the Department of
State, you are hereby discharged from any lurther
service as Secretary of State. ^
President of the United States,
That was the act of John Adams, by whose
casting vote the bill of 1789 was passed ; that
act was done according to the construction
that was given to the bill; and it is an out-
right removal during the session of the Senate
without the cooperation of the Senate. The
letter is addressed to the Secretary of State in
his office, declaring him removed; and when
Mr. Adams comes to communicate with the
Senate he sends his communication nominat-
ing John Marshall, not " in place of Mr. Pick-
ering, to be removed with your assent," but
"in place of Mr, Pickering, removed by my
will,and according to the law and the language
of his commission.'' Why, Senators, there
is no doubt about it. If John Adams, who
passed this law in the Senate by his casting
vote, had had the least idea that the power of
removal was not, as it is said to be in the law,
in Ids own hand, do the gentlemen suppose
that he would have taken the course he did,
and that he would not have taken some such
course as this: " Senators, 1 propose, with your
consent, to remove Timothy Pickering and
appoint John Marshall in his place." That
was not tho right construction of the law. His
act is the true construction according to lug
own interpretation and according to the in-
terpretation that has been given from that day
to this, down to the passage of the act of March
2, 1867, done in session, done by himself, done
without consultation or cooperation with the
Senate; and that very form which he adopted
when he did remove, as a distinct and inde-
pendent act, has been followed from that day
to this.
Senators, let me call your attention, too,
while I am upon this subject, and lest I forget
it, to the language of John Marshall in the case
of Marbury vs. Madison. He was there dis-
cussing the question when an appointment was
made, when it was complete, so that it was
withdrawn from the control of the President;
and he held in the decision of that case that it
was complete when the commission was made
out; but in the course of his decision he goes
on to remark:
"TVh en the officer is removal at the will of the Exec-
utive the circumstaneo with completes his appoint-
ment is of no concern, because the act is at any time
revocable."
So it was always held and so it has been
always understood, "removable by the Pres-
ident;" that is the language ; so the commis-
sion runs, "removable at the pleasure of the
President for the time being." When? In
recess? no, at his pleasure ; in session? no, at
his pleasure, is the language of the commission
and the authority given by the commission and
by the law. Who will attempt to construe a
commission in such language, holding at pleas-
ure, into a commission that he may remove
this month or that month or the next month, or
in recess or in session? It is, Senators, at
pleasure; so it has always been understood and
construed.
If I am right in the view which I have very
briefly taken of the operations of this law, Mr.
Stanton was not covered by it, and he is sub-
ject to removal under the commission which
he received from Mr. Lincoln and under the
