1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL CLOBE.
8895
senger. one assistant messenger, and three laborers,
$101,800.
Mr. SIIEKMAN. With the leave of the
Senator from Maine, I wish to move, on behalf
of the Committee on Finance, to amend the
bill by inserting in line four hundred: " For
one chief clerk, $2,000." This is to provide
for the clwef clerk of the Construction Bureau
of the Treasury Department, it is to supply
an omUsion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appreciations was in lines four hundred and
eight and lour hundred and nine, to strike out
the words " declared to continue" and insert
" continued."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after
"chief cleik," in line four hundred and twelve,
the words " six clerks of class four;" after the
word "laborers," in line four hundred and
fiUeen, to insert "and for temporary clerks,
$4,500;" and in liues four huudied and fifteen
and four hundred and sixteen, to strike out "in
all, $32,940," and insert *' in all, $48,200so
as tu make the clause read:
For First Comptroller of the Treasury, chief clerk,
six clerks of class lour, eight clerks of class three,
seven clerks ot class two, (three of them transferred
hom Third's Auditor's office,) two clerks of class one,
one ine^eneei, aud two laboiei>, and foi temporary
clerks, $4,500, in all, &48,200.
Mr. SHERMAN. X move to amend the
amendment by inserting $9,000 instead of
$4,500, in line four hundred and sixteen.
Mr. MOUlllLL, of-Maine. X hope my friend
will allow me to go on.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the proper time
to amend the amendment. It is the only time
I can do tt. i propose to make the appropria-
tion for temporary clerks in the First Comp-
troller's oihee $9,000 instead of $4,500. I
desire to slate that there are some amend-
ments necessary in regard to these bureaus.
J have caiefully examined the matter, and I am
sanslied that the amount of force allowed by
Uio bill is entirely too low. The House of
Representatives, in making the appropriations
for the bureaus in the Treasury Department,
did not allow the amounts estimated lor, nor
the amounts fixed by law, but took the old
basis before the war. Our Committee on
Appropriations has very properly, in nearly
every case, increased the clerical force as fixed
by (he Iiouse of .Representatives. Since the
bill has been reported i have received commu-
nications in great number showing that in cer-
tain bureaus, where there can be no possibility
of misiake about it, the force allowed is not
sufficient to carry on the service.
The Committee on Finance, therefore, pro-
pose certain amendments to raise the amount
so as to give them a force barely sufficient to
carry on the business. In many cases we pro-
pose to allow less than they ask for. in regard
to the office of the First Comptroller of the
Treasury no one doubts that the statement of
Mr. Taylor can be relied on. He says, in an
official communication, that with the assist-
ance given in here he cannot carry on his
office, i think what 1 propose to allow will
barely allow him to discharge the duties. The
business of the Treasury Department now can-
not be carried on with the force before the
war, because that Department is now settling
up the business of the war; the war accounts
are passing through the Auditor's aud Comp-
troller's offices, aud the war has occasioned a
very large increase in the business of the
Department, it will be necessary for me to
offer several amendments in regard to the
Treasury Department. The first one is in this
amendment of the Committee on Appropria-
tions to increase the allowance for temporary
clerks in the First Comptroller's office from
$4,500 to $9,000.
'J lie amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MOItRILL, of Maine. Now, the gross
amount of the appropriation should be in-
creased by adding $4,500, so as to make the
; total $52,700. I move that amendment to the
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and nineteen, to strike out " seven" and
insert " twelve in the same line to strike out
"fourteen" and insert "twenty;" inline four
hundred and twenty to strike out "fifteen" and
ii insert "twenty-eight;" in line four hundred
( and twenty-one to strike out "six" and insert
" twenty-one ;" after " one,'' in line four hun-
dred and twenty-two, to insert "twelve copy-
ists;" and in lines four hundred and twenty-
three and four hundred and twenty-four, to
strikeout " $71,480" and insert " $137,000;"
so as to make the clause from line four hun-
dred and eighteen to line four hundred and
twenly-tive read :
For Second Comptroller of the Treasury, chief
clerk, twelve clerks of class four, twenty clerks of
ciass three, twenty-eight clerks of class two, (one of
them transferred from the Tlnrd Auditor's office,)
twenty-one clerks of class one. twelve copyists, one
messenger, one assistant inessengfr, and two labor-
ers, in all $137,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred aud twenty-six, after li chief clerk" to
insert "three clcrks of class four" in the
clause relating to the office of the Commis-
sioner of Customs.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance to move an amendment
to that amendment, to strike out *' two " and
insect " three," so as to provide for three clerks
of class four in the office ot the Commissioner
of Customs. TheCommissioner asks for live,
and we have cut it down to three. I have a
letter from the Commissioner on the subject.
Mr. MOiUULL, of Maine. The Senator
now proposes to provide for a new clerk.
Mr. SHERMAN, if the Senator desires
fuller information on the subject, I will send
up the letter of the Commissioner of Customs
to be read. He makes a very strong showing
in favor of a larger number of clerks than we
propose to allow him.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Treasury Department,
Offick of Commissioner of Customs.^
Jane 16, 1868.
Sir: Ibegleave tocnllyour attention to theclass'-
ficauon ot theclerks in this bureau, lirst premising
that it is one of the three revising bureaus of th«
.Department. By House bill No. 605, as reported with
amendments by the Committee on Appiopriations
of the senate, this bureau is allowed two clerks ot
the fourth class only.
As my chief cleik has been absent on account of
sickness a gooddeaidurmgthelastcighteen months,
and is now confined to his bed with inflammatory
rheumatism, one of iny fourth-class clerks acts as
chief clerk.
I ask t > be allowed three more fourth-class clerks,
to be taken fiom my third class, for the following
reasons: one of my third-class clerks is in charge of
tho captured and abandoned property division, an
important and perplexing business. The elerk hav-
ing chai& of tins m the First Auditor's office, whose
doings are revised here, is a lourth-class clerk.
Wahin thepast>ear the whole vvarehouse business
has been sent iioin the Secretary's olliee to this. It
became necessary to devise and cany into effect a
new system ot keeping the warehouse accounts,
which had got into inextricable contusion. Judge
Thui man, a man of good legal mind and accustomed
to customs affairs—a third-class clerk in this office-
was assigned tlie task of reorganizing this brunch of
accounts. With diligent labor he has accomplished
it, and now has it in chargc. These accounts now,
pro lor/iia, pass through the First Auditor's office and
then como to this. At once a tuurtb-clasb elerk was
assigned to the duty of posing them in the Auditoi s
office, but being entirely ignorant of the .business
was instructed how to pertoiin his duties by Judge
Thurman, Ins inferior in pay and grade. Is it right
that these two clerks—and valuable ones they are—
who revise the business of their respective divisions
in this office sliouldieccivelesspay .indstand agrade
lower than the cleiks in the Auditors othco having
chargeof the same business, but who know that this
office is responsible tor errors and not that?
Again, I have a clerk of the thiid cla^s, Mr. U eeu,
a good lawyer and most invaluable clerk, in charge
of the New York aeeounts. He is indefatigable, and
saves the Government, I will not say a hundred, but
certainly more than ten times the amount of his
salary every year in scrutinizing: these accounts as
they weie never beiore scrutinized. I think he is
justly entitled to the grade aud compensation of u
fi.uith-class oleik: indeed, he does more than double
the labor of some pretty good clerks.
Judge Thurman and Mr. Weed are about fifty
years of age. Mr. Fletcher, in charge of captured
and abandoned property accounts, about forty years
of ago. IIo is also an indefatigable laborer.
In recommending, or rather asking, that the num-
ber of my tourth-cluss clerks be increased, I beg leave
to say that I do not think tho number of the third
class should be diminished, nor that of tho second
class. I greatly need two additional clerks, say of
the first class. It these should be allowed that class
m ght then be diminished by one.
I have been obliged to write this very hastily, and
I beg you to er^use its crudcness.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient servant.
N. SAKGENT, Commissioner.
Hon. John Sherman, Chairman Finance Committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and twenty-seven, to strike out "fo'ur"
and to insert "six 5" in the same line to strike
out " seven" and insert "nine;" and in line
four hundred and twenty-nine to strike out
" thirty-one thousand and three" and to insert
" forty thousand nine;" so that the clause will
read:
For Commissioner of*Customs, chief clerk, three
clerks of class four, six clerks of class three, nine
clerks of class two, seven clerks of class one, one
messenger, and one laborer, in all, $-10,920.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions that now having inserted one additional
clerk, it is necessary to increase the amount
of the appropriation.
The PKJESiDFNT^n? tempore. The appro-
priation will be changed to $42,720, if there
be no objection.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and thirty-one, in the clause making pro-
vision forthe clcrical force of the First Auditor
of the Treasury, to strike out "two" andinsert
" four," so as to allow i'our clerks of class four.
Mr. SHERMAN. In regard to the office of
the First Auditor of the Treasury, i am assured
by him, and by the Secretary of the Tieasury,
that he cannot get along with the number of
clerks appropriated for. The Committee 011
Appropriations have proposed to amend this
clause somewhat, but not so that 1 can offer
my amendments. 1 suggest, therefore, that ail
the amendments in the clause relative to the
First Auditor's otiice, be passed over informally
for the present, and I will at a later stage of
the bill offer a substitute for that whole clause.
The PUESID&NT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the amendments in the clause
from line lour hundred and thirty-one, to lino
four hundred and thirty-eight, will be passed
over. The reading of the bill will proceed.
The next amendment was in the clause pro-
viding for the Second Auditor's office, to strike
out lines four hundred and forty-six to four
hundred and fifty-two, as follows :
And the clause of the act of March 1', 1364, author-
izing fifteen clerks of class three, filty clerks of class
two, and one hundred and forty clerks of class one,
in the office of the Second Auditor ot the Treasury,
is hereby continued in force until the 30th day of
June, 1869, and no longer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line four
hundred and seventy, to insert "also one
clerk of class four, four clerks of class two,
four clerks of class one, one copyist, and two
laborers, to be employed as a temporary force
and in line four hundred and seventy-three, to
strike out the words " forty-nine thousand
nine" and to insert " sixty- four thousand two
so as to make the clause read:
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, chief clerk,
two clerks of class four, four cleiks ot clags three,
seven clerks of ciass two, fifteen cierks of class one,
six copyists, one messenger, and one laborer, em-
ployed m his office; also one cleik of class tour, tour
clerks of class two, four cleiks of class one, one copy-
ist. aud two laborers, to be employed as a temporary
force, in all, $64,220.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page ^3? bno
five hundred and forty-six, to strike outone -
and to insert "two" before "hundred thou-
sand ;" so that the clause will read ;
Fordetectingand bringing to trial andpunishment
personsguiltyof violating the internal revenuelawa.
