THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
law of 1789. I beg you to observe that that
law is in full force. There is no attempt to
repeal it in the act of March 2, 1867. That act
in fact has no repealing clause. What then?
What becomes of the first eight articles of this
case ?
Let us stand at this point and look over the
case; it is an excellent point of observation
from which to look at it. We have removed
one difficulty; we have ascertained one fact:
Edwin M. Stanton could be removed by the
President. I should like to linger on this ques-
tion longer. I should like, if 1 had voice and
health to-day, to call your attention to many
other points which I had intended to present in
this discussion. I should like to read to you
the language of your own Senators upon this
question, especially the pertinent language of
the Senator who from the conference commit-
tee reported this bill for your consideration. I
should like to read that language, for it was the
last utterance in this Chamber before the bill
was passed; and it was received with no dis-
senting voice. It was the true, sound, accepted
construction of the law.
But I pass on. We have torn down the main
structure of these eight articles. Take out
the question of the power to remove Stanton
from these eight articles and they are without
support. All yon have left to consider is the
single question of the right lo confer the ad
interim authority upon Lorenzo Thomas. Sen-
ators, we see more than that, if this be so. All
these questions of intent—all these questions
of force—all these questions of whether we
intended to go into court—all these questions
that occupied us so much in the course of this
investigation, vanish out of sight; for if we had
this authority, Edwin M. Stanton was a tres-
passer ; we had the right to remove him, and
we were not bound to go to court to ascertain
that right.
But, Senators, let me ask you still one other
question before I proceed. Suppose Mr. Stan-
ton is within the tenure-of-oilice act—what
then? The inquiry then comes for your con-
sideration whether the President is criminal
in acting upon the supposition that he was not
within it. This inquiry does not challenge the
constitutionality of the law. It is a question
of construction of a doubtful law. Is there a
Senator here who will not admit, whatever his
view maybe upon this subject, that it was a law
about which any one might reasonably adopt
this construction? I believe that the majority
of the Senators in this Chamber are of the
opinion that it does not apply to the case of Mr.
Stanton; and even if it did, there is no major-
ity of Senators, intelligent Senators as you are,
who would say that there was not room for
doubt in the construction of the law. What
then ? Let me in thisconneetionreferyouto the
act creating the office of Attorney General, it
is to be found on page 90 of 1 Statutes-at-
Large, and reads as follows:
"And thero shall also be appointed a meet person,
learned in the law, to act as Attorney General for
the United States, who shall be sworn or affirmed to
a faithful execution of his office; whose duty it shall
be to prosecute and conduct, all suits in the Supremo
Court in which the United States shall be concerned,
and to ftive his advice and opinion upon Questions
of law when required by the President of the United
S lilt os.
I need not read any further. Here was a
law, the tenure-of-ofliee act, construe it as you
will, about which no Senator will differ'as to
the fact that it might be reasonably interpreted
as not covering Mr. Stanton by its provisions.
And now suppose that the President of the
United States did take counsel upon this sub-
ject, and did construe the law as Senator Sher-
man and other Senators in this Chamber have
construed it; I am putting this ease now upon
the theory that it covered Mr. Stanton; yet a
law of doubtful construction as it is, if the
President availed himself of the counsels of
this officer, who is designated for this special
duty, he is harmless by this impeachment, goes
acquit of ail charge of lawlessness, and cannot
be censured for following such counsel.
What is the testimony on that subject? We
have a little. It was offered by the Managers
themselves. You remember, Senators, when
we were introducing the testimony in this cause,
it was offered by the defense to give you the
fullest measure of light upon all these ques-
tions. The Managers shut it out. You con-
sented that the evidence which we proposed
to offer of consultations that were held in the
presence of the President by his Cabinet, where
every word was an act, business consultations,
not idle conversations, but consultations for
the purpose of deciding upon these grave and
important matters; consultations which,ifycu
individually were to undertake to investigate
this question of motive and what was done, you
could not pass by—when we offered to bring
these in and they were excluded we thought
for a time we were without any light on this
question. But, Senators, I will refer you to
some evidence bearing on this very point and
to a meeting of the Cabinet, as set forth in
evidence ottered by the Managers, where all
the members of the Cabinet were present, and
where it appears that this subject came up for
consideration, and it was " taken for granted
that as to those members of the Cabinet who
had been appointed by Mr. Lincoln their
tenure of office was not fixed by the provis-
ions of the act. I do not remember, says the
President, that the point was distinctly stated ;
but I well recollect that it was suggested by
One member of the Cabinet who was appointed
by Mr. Lincoln and that no dissent was ex-
pressed."
The Attorney General was there; the entire
Cabinet was there; and this subject was con-
sidered ; this very question of construction
came up, and the opinion was expressed that
Mr. Stanton was not included. So that even
if the law covered him, yet by the authority of
the statute appointing an Attorney General
and requiring him to give advice upon ques-
tions of law, the President, acting upon the
consultation that occurred in his presence, had
the right to do what he did in this instance;
and even, as I said, if the law covers Mr.
Stanton, it being a question of construction,
the respondent is protected.
In this view 1 desire to repeat that wo get
rid of a large portion of this cause, and there-
fore it is that I would like to linger at this
point; for it seems to me that it is the most
important point in the cause. But I pass on.
Suppose, Senators, that the view which I
have been presenting is not coiruct, and that
the law does apply to Mr. Stanton, what then?
The next inquiry is whether that act be consti-
tutional, or rather let me say, if it be constitu-
tional, whether the conduct of the President
in the removal of Mr. Stanton was criminal.
I am aware, that very many of you partici-
pated as legislators in the passage of that very
law, and that you have affirmed its constitu-
tionality. In the unfortunate condition of this
case the law makers become the judges, and
therefore I would not bo understood as arguing
the point that I now propose to present with a
view to change your opinions or to show that
the law was unconstitutional. It is not that;
but I beg you to observe that my whole object
is to present this inquiry to your consideration,
whether, in the condition of this question and
in the condition of the President, he had the
right to take the steps that he did take with-
out incurring the charge of criminality?
And now, passing as I shall, although I had
intended to take it up, all discussion of this as
I an original question ; passing by the inquiry
; what is the right interpretation of the Consti-
\ tution as to the place where this power of re-
I moval is lodged, I proceed to consider the
i question in the aspect which I have suggested.
! I start from this point. The question is at
| least doubtful; and from that point of view
] I propose to examine it as it stood on the
| 2d ot March, 1867, or at the time the President,
acted in this case, to ascertain the question
of criminality on his part in the act which ho
did.
Our Government is composed of three de-
partments, which, according to the theory of
their structure, are to last, through all time
and under all trials anil are to be preserved in
their entireness and integrity._ The power has
been carefully divided and distributed among
them with a view to preserve each one! in its
separateness and independence. They are each
independent of the other. No one is respon-
sible to the other. They are responsible to
the people or to the States. All this is carte-
fully set down in the Constitution. Those who -
have charge of these various departments, by 1
the theory and structure of the Government,
are enjoined each to take care of its own pre-
rogative, if I may use such a word, and to
protect itself against all possible encroach-
ment from the others. This they do, each and
every department, by observing with the utmost
fidelity the provisions of the written Constitu-
tion.
At the head of one of these departments, the
executive, stands the President of the United
States. He is sworn by an oath, the most sol-
emn and obligatory that could be administered,
" faithfully to execute the office of President
of the United States, and to preserve, protect,
and defend the Constitution of the United
States." This is not an oath merely to exe-
cute the laws. The taws are not named in it.
The first part of this oath, "faithfully to exe-
cute the office of President," would cover his
obligation to execute the law and his obliga-
tion to discharge all other executive duties
imposed upon him. There would seem to be
something more than this ; and he is required,
in addition to this oath that covers his ordi-
nary cxceutive duties, to swear to the best of
his ability to preserve, protect, and defend
the Constitution of the United States. That
oath is administered to the President alone of
all the officers of the Government. I do not
say, Senators, that it has any extraordinary
significance; but I do say that there is enough
in it for admonition, at least; there is enough
in it for constant caution as a duty of the Pres-
ident in reference to the Constitution. It does
seem to me that the terms of such an oath
solemnly imposed upon him would impress him
with the idea, or any of us with the idea, that
it was the first paramount duty that he should
ever, in all his executive conduct, keep his
eye upon the Constitution of the United States ;
in all trial that he should look to it; in all doubt
that he should lean toward it; in all difficulty
that he should take shelter under it.
I heard the eloquent argument of the Man-
ager [Mr. Boutwell] who addressed us but
two days ago. I heard what he said about the
executive department. I should be pleased if
I had strength of voice to answer it. The
sum and substance of it was that the President
of the United States is but the constable of
Congress; no more; that he is put into his
place merely to execute the laws of Congress.
Why, Senators, this is not the right interpret-
ation of the Constitution. He is the Chief
Magistrate of this nation, having charge of
one of its great departments; and lie is faith-
less to his trust if he do not protect the powers
conferred by the Constitution upon that de-
partment.
But without delaying upon this question, let
me proceed at once to what is more vital to
the matter in hand. Shall he disregard law ?
Never. He should never in mere wantonness
disregard any law of Congress that may be
passed. Shall he execute all law? Let me
answer that question by referring you to the
argument of the gentleman whom I have just
named. I refer to pages 814, 815, and 817 ;
and I beg leave to say that I take issue with
the Manager in the positions whichbe has taken
on this subject, almost entirely. He says;
"If a law be in fact unconstitutional it may be
repealed by Congress, or it may, possibly''—
Just possibly—
"when a ease duly arises, be annulled in its uncon-
stitutional features by the Supreme Court of the
United States. The repeal of the law is a legislative
act; the declaration b} the court that it is uuconsti-
t tutional is a judicial aet; but the noi?er to repeal
I or to annul or to set aside a law of the United States
I is in no aspect of tho ease an executive power. It is
