1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
interest to be payable in spccie, or its equivalent. It
is believed that there nan be nothing more secure
than these bonds, which thus becomc, as it were, a
standard of value in reference to the currency."
Mr. Thaddeus Steven's, of Pennsylvania7
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
said:
M This bill is a measure of necessity, not of choice; *
No one would willingly issue paper currency, not re-
deemable on demand, and make it a 'legal tender.'
The daily expenses of the Government are now about
two million dollars. To carry us on until the next
meeting of Congress will take$600,000,000. Thegrave
Question is, how can this large amount be raised?
The value of 'legal-tender' notes depends on the
amount issued compared with the business of the
country. [Here Mr. Thomas, of Massachusetts, in-
quired of Mr. Stevens whether he expected to limit
the amount of these notes to $150,000,000, the sum
named in the bill.] 'I expect,' said Mr. Stevens,
4 that is the maximum amount to be issued.'
"Let me restate the various projects. Our's pro-
poses United States notes secured at the end of
twenty years to be paid in coin, and. the interest
raised by taxation semi-annually; such notes to be
money and of uniform value throughout the Union.
No better investment, in my judgment, can be had;
no better currency can be invented. Here, then, in
a few words, lies your choice. Throw bonds at six or
seven per cent, on, the market, between this and ,
December, enough to raise at least, six hundred mil-**
lions, or issue United States notes (greenbacks) not
redeemable in coin, but fundablestfn specie-paying
bonds at twenty years." *
And.now, if it will adct force to my propo-
sition that the five-twenty bonds of the United
States are, by the plighted faith of the nation,
' to be finally and fully paid in coin, the prin-
cipal as well as the interest, I will call in the
construction placed upon the loan by the head
of the Treasury Department, under whose in-
fluence and advice the act of February 25,
1862, was framed and passed.
On the 3d of August, 1863, he wrote to his
agents in the city of New York, in reply to an
inquiry upon this very subject, made to satisfy
persons who proposed to make investments in
this class of public securities, as follows:
" All coupons and registered bonds forming a part
of the permanent loan of the United States will be
redeemed in gold. The five-twenty sixes, being re-
deemable at any time within twenty years after the
lapse of live years, belong to the permanent loan.""
His immediate successor, Mr. Fessendek,
who, as chairman of the Finance Committee
in the Senate, had been greatly iastrumental
in procuring the passage of the act, uniformly
adhered to this construction of Mr. Chase.
In his last able report on the finances, Mr.
Secretary McCulloch uses this language:
" Now, to what is the United States pledged in re-
gard to the public debt? Is it not that it shall be
paid according to the understanding between the
Government and the subscribers to its loans at the
time the subscriptions were solicited and obtained?
And can there be any question in regard to the na-
ture of this understanding? Was it not that, while
the interest-bearing notes should be converted into
bonds, or paid in lawful money, the bonds should be
paid, principal as well as interest, in coin ?" * *
* * " The bonds were negotiated with the
definite understanding that they were payable in
coin."
If I have not now satisfied all reasonable
minds that the five-twenty six per cent, bonds
of the United States are payable, both princi-
pal and interest, in gold, and that the faith of
the nation is plighted to such payment, then I
confess my inability to apprehend the force of
reasoning.
But I claim that the soundest dictates of
public policy are opposed to any further issue
of "greenbacks."
On the 1st day of April, 1868, the amount
in circulation was §356,144,727. Of fractional
currency there was $32,588,689 94, making, of
United States currency in paper, $388,733,-
416 94. At the same time the amount of na-
tional bank notes in'circulation I assume to be
the same with that reported by the Comptroller
of the Currency in November last, $299,103,-
990, making the paper money of the United
States, now filling the channels of commerce,
$687,837,412 94.
Is this not excessive? In the year 1860
$300,000,000 of coin and bank notes converti-
ble into coin were sufficient for all the legiti-
mate business of the country. But, then, a ten
dollar bank note was equivalent to a gold eagle.
Now, a "gold eagle" is worth fourteen dol-
lars in greenbacks, while a ten dollar " green- -
back" is worth in gold tut seven dollars and
fourteen cents. Then the laboring man, with
five or six dollars in his pocket, no matter
whether specie or bank notes, could purchase
a barrel of flour for his family. Now he must
pay in "greenbacks" from twelve to fourteen
dollars. And so with almost every article that
enters into the family economy. Is not the
paper curreney sufficiently inflated now? More
than five hundred millions of five-twenty six
per cent bonds of the United States are now,
at the option of the Government, matured for
payment.
It is insisted by Mr. Pendleton and others
" of that ilk" that it will be both lawful and
expedient to pay off and extinguish this portion
of the national indebtedness by a new issue of
"greenbacks," thus nearly doubling at one
bound the whole paper currency of the United
States, m.akingthesum total $1,102,837,412 94.
Who is so blind as not to see that in this con-
dition of things the forebodings of George H.
Pendleton in 1862 will become fixed facts in
the history of the United States?
"Prices will be inflated; fixed values will depre-
ciate;" * . * * ■* "the savings of the
poor will vanish; the hoardings of the widow will
melt away;" K * * * " privateruin and
publie bankruptcy will inevitably follow."
How far, let me ask, is this state of things
from "repudiation?" '
l am fully sensible of the difficulties that
environ us as a nation. With unexampled forti-
tude and heroism the loyal people of the United
States carried on the war in support of this
popular form of government. That war has
cast upon us a great debt which necessarily
brings with it heavy taxation. Our people are
sometimes restive, but they are nevertheless
patriotic; and they "neverdespair of the Re-
public." Politicians greatly mistake their tem-
per if they presume that the American people
will countenance, much less favor, any scheme
for repudiating the public debt or impairing
the purity of the public credit.
Our condition requires careful considera-
tion, wise counsel, prudent statesmanship ; but
it is by no means of a hopeless or even a dis-
couraging character. Our whole national debt
may be set down at $2,500,000,000; while the
property of the nation in the hands of its citi-
zens is fully $20,000,000,000. The receipts
and expenditures of the Government for the
fiscal-^ear ending June 30, 1867, were as fol-
lows:
Total of receipts $490,631,010 27
Total of expenditures  346,729,129 33
Of the receipts, there was derived from the
customs, in gold, $176,417,810 88. Of the
expenditures, there was paid for interest on
the public debt, in currency and coin both,
$143,781,591 91. In coin alone, $99,760,000.
The estimated receipts for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1869, are $381,000,000. The
estimated expenditures, $372,000,000. The
appropriations, however, for the next fiscal
year will fall considerably below the sum of
$300,000,000, and it is confidently expected
that by the introduction of a rigid system of
economy into all branches of the public ser-
vice the expenditures may be kept down to
about that sum.
The internal taxes have been much reduced
and will continue to be diminished until they
shall no longer chafe the industrial energies
of the people, but will be made to rest mainly
upon luxuries and other superfluities.
With the public faith kept bright and un-
spotted as the sun ; with the public debt funded
on long time, and at moderate interest, the
burdensome taxes removed, the slow but sure
return to a specie paying currency kept steadily
in view, the loom and the plow put into peace-
ful and profitable motion, and who can doubt
that the United States will be
"Surer to prosper than prosperity
Could have assured us."
Mr. COOK obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, who moved
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and tire' 'Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Trowbridge
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under considers-
tion the state .of the Union generally, and. par-
ticularly the annual message of the President
of the United States, and had eometo tia con-
clusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. COOK, (at five
o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.  
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. CHURCHILL: A memorial of J.
Benedict & Son, and 29 others, firms and indi-
viduals, manufacturers and dealers in lumber,
at Albany, New York, in favor of changing the
duty on imported lumber from ad valorem to
specific.
Also, the petition of Smith, Craig & Co.,
and others, of West Troy, New York, to the
same effect.
By Mr. GROVER: A memorial of the
Board of Trade of the city of Louisville,
Kentucky, praying a reduction of the tax on
whisky and tobacco.
By Mr. KELSEY: A memorial of 125 citi-
zens of Rochester, New York, praying that-a
bill be passed by Congress authorizing the con-
struction of a railroad between New York and
Washington.
Also, a memorial of citizens of the city of
New York, praying Congress to pass a law
authorizing the construction of an air-line rail-
road from New York city to Washington.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 7, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
impeachment op the president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore called the
Senate to order, and at once vacated the chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Jus-
tice.
The Senate sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the chair
at six o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, the Senate
adjourned to meet on Monday next at ten
o'clock.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 7, 1868.
The House met attwelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
_ Mr. FARNSWOETH. I rise to a correc-
tion of the Journal. The paper presented yes-
terday by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] is referred to in the Journal as the re-
monstrance of "the central committee of the
State ofSouth Carolina." It should read "the
Democratic central committee of South Caro-
Carolina."
The SPEAKER. It is not so entitled in the
papers.
Mr. BECK. It is not so styled in the papers,
but that is correct.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be cor-
rected accordingly.
1VAR DEPARTMENT ESTIMATES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to present some letters from the War Depart-
ment and some estimates, which I desire to
have referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed. It is a mat-
ter on which action must be taken very soon,
and I desire to have the letters and estimates
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
There was no objection; and the letters and
estimates were referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to bcrprinted.
