1348
of the country at large, that he contemplated a
coup d'etat, and that it was his purpose to
effect it through the War Department Per-
mit me 'as I am more familiar with the lan-
guage than the Clerk, to read a brief extract
from the address I then delivered, and to re-
mark that, but for Edwin M. Stanton's hardy
virtue, the sketch with a change of names and
minor incidents could now in all probability
be read as part of our country's history. On that
occasion, in illustration of the ease by which
republics are overthrown when executive power
controls an army through a corrupt Secretary
of War, I said :
" When tho sun wont below the horizon on the 1st
of December, 1851, Stance was under the constitu-
tion of 1818, a republic. It was Monday, tho even-
ing oil which the President, whose inaugural oath
bound him to maintain the republic, held his recep-
tion at the Elys6o. Therewas notions unusual mttie
number or character of the guests. They were, prob-
ably, each in a general way known to the others; but
could each have looked into tho hearts ot all, and
beheld their secret workings, the story of tho night
would not h&ve read as itdoes. The biilliant assem-
blage embraced some of the most loyat friends ot tho
republic. Count de Moray was notseen by the guests
who first departed. lie had manifested his devotion
to the drama, and the habitues of the theaters had
seen him among them early in the evening ; but the
company separated early, and at eleven o clock there
were but three guests with Louis Napoleon, ihey
were Be Moray, Maupas, and St. Arnaud, and, at-
tended by Colonel lieville, an orderly or subordinate
officer of the President, they followed him to his
Cabinet. It was almost midnight, and tho republic
still lived. Let us contemplate its dying hours. It
will not detain us Ion?, for when Ihe first beams ot
tho ascending sun lit the spires of Paris the empire
was in embryo and the republic, with the preceding
day. wa3 a thing of the past.
" Colonel Beville was soon dispatched to the btate
printing office with a sealed packet. It contained the
copy of proclamations with which the streets of Paris
were to bo placarded before daylight and the out-
going mails burdened. One of them asserted that
the Assembly (the Congress of Prance) was a hot-bed
of plots and conspiracies, announced its dissolution,
and placed Paris and the twelve surrounding depart-
ments under martial law. About twelve o'clock
word was brought tho conspirators that a battalion
of aendarmie surrounded the minting office and that
under tho supervision of the Director the overawed
printers wei c putting the proclamations in type. The
President executed letters removing bis Cabinet and
appointing Moiny to the secretaryship of the inte-
rior. lie had some days befoio recalled from Algeria
St. Arnaud, the John 13. Ployd of France, and made
him minister or Secretary of "War, the officer whose
order, within the range of military duty, was law to
the generals of the republic. At two o'clo<?k St. Ar-
naud signed an order that bodies of troops which he
had put under command of his corrupt partisans
should occupy the garden of the Tuilenes, the Quai
d'Orsay, the Place de la Concorde, and be so posi od
in the vicinity of theElysee as to protect its inmates
if necessary. Maupas prefect of the police, in an-
other apaitinent held separate interviews with a
number of commissaries, and, under the pretext that
he apprehended an arrival of foreign refugees, made
arrangements for thcsimultaneousseizureandincar-
ceration of seventy-eight of tho most distinguished
generals, most trustworthy officers and members of
the Assembly, (Congress,) and most courageous and
most eloquent popular orators of Prance. With the
execution of this order the revolution was accom-
plished. When day broke the army was without
generals who loved the republic more faithfully than
Lee and Johnston love ours, and the assembly (Con-
gress) was without the officers to bring it to order or
a fearless representative of the people to demand
that the constitution be maintained and. treason
made odious by the punishment of conspiring trai-
tors."
I repeat, sir, that when I heard that Andrew
Johnson, in disregard of the provisions of the
Constitution which he had sworn to maintain,
had, in express violation of that provision which
limits his power to appoint heads of Depart-
ments by the phrase L' by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate,'' and to the filling of va-
cancies occurring during the recess of the Sen-
ate, appoiuted a Secretary of War j and remem-
bered his persistent efforts to seduce the General
of the Army and his puerile offer of a pledge to
that virtuous citizen and illustrious soldier to
endure vicariously the punishment of his crime
if he would become his coconspirator against
the liberties of the people and the Constitu-
tion of the country ; and thought of the daz-
zling bribes with which he had templed llie-
no less illustrious soldier who had led the
armies of the Republic from Atlanta to the sea;
among which was a department, the headquar-
ters ot which should be at the capital of the
country ; and remembered again that he was
at that very moment resorting to the induce-
ments indignantly rejected by Grant and Sher-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
man to corrupt "Corinthian Thomas, the
noble Virginian who never forgot his duty to ms
country, and which have doubtless been spurned
by him, I was forced to believe that the arch
criminal had found among the hitherto honored
officers of the Army one who, knowing how
utterly in disregard of the Constitution ana the
laws was the order under which he was acting,
and who knew as well as Adjutant General Lo
renzo Thomas does the penalties the law pro-
vides for such an offense, was still ready to
become his instrument and take upon hirnselt
the first functions of St. Arnaud, I believed
the dream which has possessed Andrew John-
son for years was about to be illustrated amid
renewed strife and bloodshed. And as at mid-
night I sat in the War Department I thanked
God that as from the time He had decreed
that the purification of our country should be
wrought in strife andblood He had in every great
crisis given us the right man in the right place,
He had not failed us now, as Edwin M. Stan-
ton was there to speak in the name of the peo-
ple and the Constitution and to maintain their
rights and its sacred inviolability.
The mere violation of law does not, I repeat,
constitute my arraigument against the acting
President of the nation. But the suggestion has
been made on this floor that his conduct involves
a mere question of the construction of a law.
Sir, itis the question of the construction of vital
provisions of that which is antecedent to and un-
derlies the law—the Constitution of our coun-
try and of its express provisions. Nor, even if
the arraignment depended upon the provisions
of the tenure-of-office act, would the issue be a
mere question of the construction of law. That
question was referred to the Senate yesterday,
and that, body advised the President that they
regarded his action as unconstitutional. It was
again referred to-day to the courts of the coun-
try, andis marked for adjudication for Wednes-
day next, and the offender, who, I fear, will
hereafter be known as the St. Arnaud of our
Army and country, is under §5,000 bail to
respond to the demands of the law and abide
its peaceable determination. And yet, sir,
after the action of the Senate and the reference
of the question to the judicial tribunals of the
country—and let me say in passing that I speak
not from the report of the honorable gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bixguam,] who referred to
the fact, but from my own observation—escap-
ing from the magistrate's office and coming, as
I am informed, through the office of the Pres-
ident and his Attorney General, Adjutant Gen-
eral Lorenzo Thomas appeared in the War De-
partment at noon to-day, and in my presence
demanded to exercise the functions of Secre-
tary of War; and when ordered courteously but
positively to take his place in the office of' the
Adjutant General and attend to his duties he pro-
tested that he was Secretary of War ad interim,
and was there in obedience to the orders of the
President of the United States, and in his name
demanded possession of the mails of the Depart-
ment, with all its books and papers.
Sir, this extraordinary procedure on the part
of the President is not necessary for the adju-
dication of a legal question. The question
gentlemen attempt to raise can be decided very
speedily. These proceedings are necessary only
for a usurper whom the people have repulsed
and thwarted time and again, but who hopes
by the absolute possession of the War Depart-
ment to use the Army and thus overcome the
contumacy of the people, and who attempts 011
the 22d of February, 1868, to execute by cun-
ning that which he hoped mob violence would
execute for him 011 the 22dof February, 1800.
It is not well, Mr. Speaker, that the institu-
tions of this broad but infant nation should
depend upon the virtue or life of one or two of
its citizens. Lincoln was murdered, and other
distinguished patriots may be. It is known
that men ascend to power over bloody steps,
and that they may do it in this country and yet
be tolerated. Therefore, the hour has come
when Congress owes it not only to itself, but to
the safety of the country, to warn Mr. Johnson
that he cannot perpetuate his power, and bring
to him as hastily as the forms and spirit of law
will permit to trial and degradation. The army
of France obeyed the orders of St. Arnaud as
Minister of War, and the Army of the United
States owe obedience to the orders of the
President, issued by the Secretary of War.
On the integrity of that officer in this crisis
depends the peace and life of the nation!
I rejoice, inasmuch as the country has come
thus far through with safety, at the delay the
hesitancy of the majority of the Judiciary
Committee has caused, for no student of our
Constitution, no citizen—nay, no foreigner who
has at all imbued his mind with the spirit of
our institutions or the letter of our Consutii-
jj,on—can now doubt that Andrew Johnson,
acting President, has been guilty of a flagrant
violation of the Constitution and of a high
crime, which is justly impeachable.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Phelps]
sustains the theory of the President, and argues
that the President is free to interpret the Con-
stitution for himself. That was also the argu-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] who cited precedents in support of
the proposition that each officer who swears to
support the Constitution must support it ac-
cording to his own construction of its provis-
ions. But there are clauses so express. Mr.
Speaker, as not to admit of construction, and
such are the clauses and provisions with the
violation of which the committee arraign Pres-
ident Johnson.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish merely to say that
what I said on the point of the right of con-
struction was applicable and confined to this
particular act. and no other law.
Mr. KELLEY. Give the President the
power, Mr. Speaker, to interpret the Consti-
tution and laws for himself, and then give him
the further power demanded for him by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, to wit: that he cannot
execute the laws unless he has agents in sym-
pathy with him, and you not only invite him to
act as a usurper, but make him a dictator, with
undisputed power to execute his barest and
most sanguinary purposes. What! has it come
to this, that each President is free to put his
own interpretation upon the Constitution and
laws, to disregard precedents, decisions, and
long-continued lines of action, and set up his
own will, his private, individual judgment, his
persona] wishes and interests, and then find
gentlemen on tho floor of Congress demanding
that in addition to all this he shall have the
power to select agents who are in sympathy
with him, and that they who resist such law-
lessness, such invitations to violence, shail be
denounced as assailants of the Constitution
and foes of popular rights'?
The lead of bad men in exalted positions of
power is dangerous to young men and very
dangerous to ambitious men: and I fear that
some of those who have spoken on tSie ether
side to-day had better exercise the privilege
of revising their words ; and I think it will Le
well for others to pause before they speak in
defense of the great, criminal whom the Ameri-
can people arraign for thousands of crimes.
Is there want in the homes of industrious
labor; is there care, anxiety, and distress
in the great commercial centers of the coun-
try? They who suffer know to whom, under
God, to ascribe their ills. Sir, the bloody and
unfilled fields of the ten unreconstructed States,
the unsheeted ghosts of the two thousand mur-
dered negroes in Texas—1 say two thousand,
because that number is reported on authority—
cry, it the dead ever invoke vengeance, for the
punishment of Andrew J ohnson. There is nut
a suffering Union man, white 01* black, in the
South who does not know that he waa saw
from the malignity of his neighbors, who
dreaded the penalties due to their crimes,
until this man setup his arrogant pretensions,
denounced the legislative brunch ot the Go\ -
11 erument as an unconstitutional body, iuti-
mated that it might become his duty to ui--
ij perse_ it.^and found a party oil this floor to
] 1 sustain him.
il \ es, sir; but for his perfidy rebels, with
