4420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
Congress whether such votes shall be counted
or not. I thought the Radical party were
developing their revolutionary policy to the
country in a way that they could neither justify
nor maintain, and I think so still; yet they did
it, and when the other morning, men claiming
to he Representatives from Alabama were
admitted to their seats, I struggled unsuc-
cessfully to be heard, believing that I could
deaionstate that by our own laws aud conduct
we had determined that they were not elected
and were no more entitled to seats here than
any other men that might be picked up in any
other part of the country, yet it would have
been of no avail; every Republican, when he
voted to admit those man. knew that they were
not only not elected, but a large majority of
the members of this House had recorded their
votes here to sustain that fact. The case of
Alabama is too fresh and the facts too well
recoiJected to need repetition. The laws re-
quired that a luajorily of all the registered
voters should vote at, the election for or against
the constitution of Alabama, and if they failed
to do so the constitution should be rejected,
and if rejected, of course all elections held
under and by virtue of it were null and void.
That election was held early in February, and
the only certificates these Representatives have
bear date from and are based on that elec-
tion. I caused one of them to be read to show
that fact. This constitution was then rejected,
as General Meade certified, as this House
determined, and on motion of Mr. Stevens
referred the bill proposing her admission under
it back to the committee. The act of March
11, allowing a majority of the votes cast to
determine the question, used the words " here-
after in all elections held," &c., and was not
retrospective; and when those who were anx-
ious to get Alabama and her Representatives
recognized again, pressed their claims before
this House, in a bill reciting that a large major-
ity of (he votes cast had been cast for the con-
stitution and the candidates for office under it,
Judge Spalding, of Ohio, offered a substitute
for the bill, which was adopted March 29, 1868.
The substitute and the action taken on it are as
follows :
"That the constitution framed by the convention
Of Alabama, which was submitted for ratification by
the people at an election commencing on the 4th day
of February, 1868, is Iierebydeclarod to be the funda-
mental and organic taw for a provisional government
for the people of Alabama, so far as tlio same is not
in conflict with the Constitution and laws of the
united States. And the officers elected at said elec-
tion shall, on the 1st day ofMay, 18G8, qualify as pro-
vided in said constitution and the ordinances of
said convention, and immediately thereafter enter
upon the discharge of the duties of their respective
eflieos.
Sue. '2. And be it further enacted. That the Governor
at any time after he shall have qualified and entered
upon the discharge of the duties of his otTice, may by
proclamation convene the Legislature chosen at said
election. The Legislature, wiien so convened, shall
possess all the i>ower conferred by said constitution,
which may not be in conflict with the Constitution
and laws of the United States. And the Legislature
is hereby further empowered to submit said consti-
tution to the qualified electors of Alabama for ratifi-
cation atsneh timeor times as it may designate. And
said Legislature is also empowered, by a majority
vote ot each House, to submit the said constitution,
as framed by the convention, with or without amend-
ments proposed by the Legislature. And if amend-
ments be proposed by the Legislature, they shall be
voted upon separately, and not in connection with
the constitution as it came from the convention.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That whenever
thepeople, by amajority votooftheciualifiedelectors
of Alabama qualified under the act of Congress of
March 23,1807, to vote for delegates to frame a con-
stitution, and actually voting upon such ratification,
shall have ratified a constitution submitted as afore-
said, and the Legislature of the proposed State or-
gamzation shall have adopted the amendment 10 the
Constitution of the United States proposed by the
Tlurty-Ainth Congress, and known as article four-
teen, the constitution of Alabama may he presented
to Congress for its approval.
Sec. i, And he it further enacted, That the district
commanders shall furnish all necessary aid in en-
forcing this act, and the act of March 2,1867, entitled
An act to provide for a more efficient government
for the rebel States,' and the acts supplemental to
and amendatory thereof shall remam in full force in
Alabama except as modilied by this act. until Ala-
bama shall be restored to representation in Congress.
"Mr. Fabksworth demanded the yeas aud nays.
''Theyeas and nays were ordered.
Iho Question was taken; anditwasdecidedin the
affirmative—yeas W, nays 54, not voting 58; as fol-
lows :
"Yeas—-Messrs.Ames, Anderson,Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beatty,
Benjamiu, Bromwell, Broomall, Churchill, Sidney
Clarke,Ooburn,Cook. Coyoile, Cullom.Dawcs, Dixon,
Dodge, Driggs, Bckley, Eggtesfon, Elliot, Ferriss,
Perry. Hiilsoy, Hawkins, llill. Hopkins, Hunter, In-
gersoll, Jutld, Julian, Kelscy, Kctchnm, Koontz,
Laflin, "William Lawrence. Loan, Lougtniugc, May-
nard. MeClui'g. Mcrcur, Moove, Moorhead, Morrell,
Mull ins, Myers, TJumi, O'JSTeil!, Orrh, Poland, Pols-
ley, Pomeroy, Price, ltaum. Sawyer, Scofielcl. Shanks,
Smith, Spalding, XhaddeusStevcns, Tafle.Twicheil,
Upson. Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Klibtt B. Washburne, William i>. VVnshhurn. Weikcr,
Thomas Williams, James F.Wilson, John T.Wilson,
Stephen P. Wil&on, and Woodbridge—77."
Every man wlio voted for that substitute
solemnly declared that the constitution of Ala-
bama had been rejected by the people, and
that all elections at the time that vote was
taken were null and void. The provisional
legislature was authorized to again submit it,
with or without amendments, to the people for
ratification. The omnibus bill of June 23
merely declared that Alabama and the other
States should be entitled and admitted to
representation in Congress as States when their
Legislatures did certain things; but it did not
declare that the void election in February held
in Alabama should be valid, or that an election
to determine who should be her Representa-
tives in Congress should not be held. Yet in
the face of all these things this Congress
selected a number of its own partisans and has
sworn them in as Representatives from Ala-
bama without giving that people any chance to
say a word, and without even advising them of
their intention to do so. Of course, those gen-
tlemen now on this floor no more represent
the people of Alabama than they represent
the moon. They are the appointees of this
Congress, no more, no less. After a Congress
does things like that it is of course hopeless to
seek to cheek the members of it who do them
by any legal or constitutional objections to their
course.
I merely desire to say in the minute or two
left me, that as as a member of the committee
I was willing, andproposed, ratherthan see this
bill pass, to make the power of the General
of the Army absolute over these States for the
time being. 1 know that public opinion and
his own self-respect would compel him to treat
theirpeople as civilized men. My substitute was
rejected, and they are now to be surrendered
to the mercy of their bitterestand most relentless
enemies, who, by the constabulary force herein
provided for mercenary bands of negroes to be
armed by the bill for that purpose now being
pressed before the House, aie to eat out their
substance, drive them from the polls at the
pointof the bayonet, humiliate, degrade, insult,
and disgrace the white men in every possible
form so as to bring about collisions and riots,
which of course will be charged all over the
North to the rebellious spirit of the people who
are wantonly murdering poor, innocent, unof-
fending Union men because ot their devotion to
the flag and the principles of the Iladieal party.
That is the last hope for Radical success.
Whether the people of the South can endure
all the humiliations, to which they will be sub-
jected as they have endured those they are now
suffering is the only problem. If they can,
your bill, in one of its leading objects, will be a
failure.
I do not believe the committee desire or
intend that it shall have effect, I cannot be-
lieve it. Their course, in frowning down the
infamous propositions of Wellsand Williamson,
relative to Virginia, their insertion on my mo-
tion into this bill of the clause that candidates
shall not be revising registrars nor judges of
the election indicate that they do not; still
that it will produce all the evils I have sug-
gested, and will be carried out in total disre-
gard and defiance of law by the parties it places
in power, is as clear to my mind as the sun at
noon-day.
If only protection and the due execution of
the law is desired, surely conventions elected
solely to frame constitutions, without reference
to their executive ability are illy adapted to
secur<s the desired end. Your armies, your
military tribunals, your existing bureaus, and
all your military machinery which now exists
and can be indefinitely extended, are far more
efficient- I see nothing but evil in the bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield fifteen min-
utes to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [ Mr.
Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, let me premise by saying that I am
in favor of every provision of this bill. It is
in the right direction—an attempt to restore
civil government at the South by the laws and
by the action of the Congress of the United
States; and I am ready to pass any measure
by which the reconstruction which we have so
far carried out could be made effectual. 1
trust it may be, and yet I am oppressed by
doubts; and it is with reference to those
doubts that I desire to occupy a few moments
to examine whether, upon the whole, we are
now engaged upon a measure of practical
value. 1 trust the bill may be passed by this
House ; I trust it may pass the Senate, that we
may show our desire by our action to make
every provision for the restoration of civil gov-
ernments in some form over the southern
States.
But, sir, I have no hope that this bill will
become a law. We have agreed to adjourn on
Monday, and whoever expects this bill to be
signed by the President of the United States,
or returned with his objections, so that we can
pass it over them before Monday noon, has a
faith which would fit him to believe the promise
which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] said he had received from the Presi-
dent, that all the bills that passed would be
signed, when he wished to carry the adjourn-
ment.
Mr. MILLER. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts whether we did not
pass the resolution for adjournment upon the
allegation of the gentleman from Illinois that
the President would either sign or veto all our
bills in time for an adjournment on Monday.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has, in referring to
what I said, stated the matter rather broadly.
What I said was this : that I had reliable in-
formation that the President would either sign
or ve.o these political bills. The two bills to
which I particularly referred were the bill in
reference to vacancies in the Executive De-
partments, commonly called the ad interim
bill, and the bill in regard to the Freedmen's
Bureau. The ad interim bill has alreadv been
signed, and the bill in regard to the Freed-
men's Bureau will, I understand, be signed or
vetoed to-morrow.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I am very glad that the President
has taken the gentleman from Illinois into his
confidence. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASELBUIiNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman -has no right to speak of me in chat
way. I have not seen the President, and the
gentleman, from what 1 said, has no right to
make such a statement. 1 said I was reaably
informed of a certain fact. I have not hail
any communication with the President.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Weil, sir.
the old Latin maxim is quifacitper aliumfaeit
per se; and if the gentleman gets his veh&lne
information through a third person, why then
we have two men who are liable to be mistaken
instead of one. I hope the gentleman's com-
munication may prove true. But I say again
that I do not believe, and my frieud from Illi-
nois will pardon me for saying that I do not
believe ho believes, that the President will
approve or return with his veto the bill now
before us—the bill to which we were all look-
ing for a finish to our reconstruction measures.
1 mean we who had^some ideaof the necessity
of staying here. _ Now, sir, let us see exactiy
where we statu! m relation to reconstruction.
Let us see what the President of the United
