314
SUPPLEMENT TO
made the duty of the Executive to takeoare that the
laws be faithfully executed—an injunction wholly
inconsistent with the theory that it is in the power
of the Executive to repeal or annul or dispense with
the laws of the land. To the President in the per-
formance of his executive duties all laws arealike.
He can enter int9 no inquiry as to their expediency
or constitutionality. All laws are presumed to be
eonstitutional, and, whether in fact, constitutional or
not, it is the duty of the Executive so to regard them
■while they have the form of law."
That is the last congressional theory I have
heard. Let me read further:
" Henoe it follows that the crime of the President
is not, either in fact or as set forth in the articles of
impeachment, that he has violated a constitutional
law,_ but his crime is that ho has violated a law, and
in his defense no inquiry can be made whether the
law is constitutional."
So that, according to the reasoning of the
Manager, if now here on this inquiry you
should be of the unanimous opinion that the
law for the alleged violation of which the Pres-
ident is impeached was unconstitutional, yet
you would have to go on and convict him of
the commission of a crime in the fact that he
did not execute what was not law. I desire to
read a little further on this question. Hear
the Manager:
"The Senate, for the purpose of deciding whether
the respondent is innocent or guilty, can enter into
no inquiry as to the constitutionality of the act,
which it was the President's duty to execute, and
which, upon his own answor, and by repeated official
confessions and admissions, he intentionally, will-
fully, deliberately set aside and violated."
Let me read again:
" With deference I maintain still further that it is
not the right of any Senator in this trial to be gov-
erned by any opinion he may entertain of the con-
stitutionality or expediency of tho law in question.
For the purposes of this trial tho statute which the
President, upon his own confession, has repeatedly
violated is tho law of tho land. His crime is that he
violated the law."
I wish to read one other passage from this
speech, to show the startling doctrines which
the Manager has put forth, and upon which it
seems the President is to be convicted, accord-
ing to his theory ! Hear this:
_"If the President or Vice President, or any other
civil officer, violates a law, his peril is that ho may
he impeachcd by tho House of Representatives and
oonvicted by tho Senate. This is precisely the re-
sponsibility which tho respondent has Incurred; and
it would be no relief to him for his willful violation
of tho law, in the circumstances in which ho is now
placed, if tho court itself had pronounced tho same
to bo unconstitutional."
Senators, in answering the question whether
the President shall execute all law, 1 beg to be
understood as differing in toto caelo from the
gentleman from whose argument I have just
read. If a law be declared by the Supreme
Court, the third department of this Govern-
ment, and, by the very terms of the Constitu-
tion itself, tho highest and final interpreter of
the constitutionality of congressional enact-
ments, to be unconstitutional, the President is
untrue to his position if he execute it in letter
or in spirit, or one jot or tittle of it. Let me
tell the gentleman, in answer to his long argu-
mentation upon this point, that ho makes 110
distinction between law whatever, that if an act
of Congress be unconstitutional it is no law; it
never was law; it never had a particle of valid-
ity, although it went through the forms of con-
gressional enactment; from the beginning ab
initio it was null and void, and to execute it
is to violate that higher law, the Constitution
of the United States, which declares that to
be no law which is in conflict with its pro-
visions.
What shall I say, then, in answer to this ar-
gument? Shall he execute all law ? No. If
a law be declared by the Supreme Court un-
constitutional he should not execute it. If the
law be upon its very face in flat contradiction
to plain express provisions of the Constitution,
as if a law should forbid the President to grant
a pardon in any case, or if a law should declare
that he should not be Commander-in-Chief,
or if a law should declare that he should
take no part in the making of a treaty, I say
the President without going to the Supreme
Court of the United States, maintaining tho
integrity of his department-, which for the time
being is intrusted to him, is bound to execute
no such legislation, and he is cowardly and
untrue to the responsibilities of his position if
he should execute it.
_ But, Senators, the difficulty is not here. The
difficulty arises in doubtful cases, in cases where
the powers are not plainly and expressly stated
in the Constitution; and here it is that we
come to the question in inquiry between us in
this case. Suppose an act of Congress inter-
pret the Constitution in a doubtful case for the
first time, shall the President execute it? I
say yes. Suppose an aet, instead of giving an
interpretation for the first time in a doubtful
case, contradicts a long accepted previous
interpretation—in this supposition we are ap-
proaching the case before us—what is to be
done? To follow the Constitution is the first
and paramount duty of the President, and to
maintain the integrity of his department is also
a duty ; and if an aet of to-day is contrary to
a long established interpretation of the Consti-
tution upon a question of power, and a fit case
presents itself where he is required to act, it
is right and proper in a peaceable way, with a
due regard to the public welfare, to test the
accuracy of the new interpretation in the forum
which is the highest and final interpreter of
such questions.
Senators, with this preliminary observation
I propose to examine the condition of this ques-
tion at the time the President performed these
acts; but before I do so allow me to call your
attention to afew rules of interpretation. They
are these:
Acquiescence by the people and the various
Departments of the Government gives force
to any interpretation. (15 Maryland Reports,
p. 458.)
Let me state another. It may be a grave
question whether a first interpretation is right;
but long acquiescence in it, if it be a statute,
makes another statute necessary to change it ;
if it be a constitution it would require an
amendment of the Constitution to change it.
(4 Gill and Johnson, p. 345.)
Let mo give you another. A long and uni-
form interpretation becomes a fixed interpret-
ation. When a constitution early undergoes
legislative interpretation, and a series of acts
are passed according to such interpretation,
covering say seventy years, even if it were
doubtful, such constant, long and uniform in-
terpretation should remove the doubt. (1 Mary-
land Reports, p. 351.)
I desire to refer you to one other rule before
I pass to the argument, to bo found in 1 Story,
section four hundred and eight:
"And, after all, tho most unexceptional source of
collateral interpretation is from tho practical exposi-
tion of the Government itself in its various Depart-
ments upon particular questions discussed and set-
tled upon their own single merits. These approach
the nearest in their own nature to judicial exposi-
tions, and have the same general recommendation that !
belongs to the latter. They aredocidcd upon solemn
argument, pro re nata, upon a doubt raised, upon a
lie mota, upon a deep sense of their importance and
difficulty, in the face of the nation, with a view to
present action, in the midst of jealous interests, and
by men capable of urging or repelling the grounds of
argument by their genius, their comprehensive learn-
ing, or their deep meditation upon the absorbing
topic."
With these preliminary observations, I de-
sire that you will bear with me while I pre-
sent the question in this form—not the ques-
tion of the constitutionality of your tenure-of-
office act; 1 will not challenge its constitution-
ality hero in your very faces; you have affirmed
it. I beg you to notice, however, that the
question which I propose to consider is what
was right and proper for the President, the con-
dition of this question and his own condition at
the time he did the act which is set forth in
these articles. Observe, before I start upon j
this inquiry, the law of March 2, 1867, is con- ;
stitutional interpretation. By thatlaw of March
2, 1867, you interpreted the Constitution that
tho power of removal was lodged in tho Presi-
dent and Senate. The previous law that was
passed in 1789, was also, as we know from
the frequent utterances of those who partici-
pated in its passage, constitutional interpreta- :
Hon: and the question before us is wiiat was the
condition of this question at 'he period of lime
to which we are calling your attention, when
the President acted. Observe the purpose for
which I have cited these rules. A long acqui-
escence bv the people and the Departments of
the Government in any interpretation becomes
a fixed interpretation ; a long and uniform in-
terpretation of the Constitution for a period
of seventy years, even if it were a doubtful
question, removes the doubt; and it is in the
light of those rules of interpretation that I pro-
pose to make theinquiry; and I will briefly take
it up in all the departments of the Government.
How stands the question in the judicial de-
partment? I admit, Senators, that we have
no res adjudicata upon this question ; the ex-
act question has never been presented to the
Supreme Court of the United States; but we
have opinions from the Supreme Court, which
I proceed now to read.
In 1839, in the case of ex parte Hennen, it
was declared by the court, Mr. Justice Thomp-
son delivering the opinion:
"No one denied tho power of tho President and
Senate jointly to removo where tne tenure of tho
office was not fixed by tho Constitution, which was a
full recognition of the principle that the power of
removal was incident to the power of appointment;
but it was very early adopted as a practical construc-
tion of the Constitution that this power was vested
in the President alone, and such would appear to
have been the legislative construction of the Consti-
tution, for in the organization of the three great
Departments of State, War, and Treasury, in 1789,
provision was made for the appointment of a subor-
dinate officer by the head of the Department, who
should have charge of the records, books, and papers
appertaining to the office when the head of the De-
partment should be removed from office by the Pres-
ident of tho United States. When the Navy Depart-
ment was established, in the year 1798, provision was
made for the charge and custody of the books, rec-
ords, and documents of the Department in case of
vacancy in the ofiice of Secretary, by removal or
otherwise. It is not here said * by removal of the
President,' as is dono with respect to the heads of
the other Departments; yet there can be no doubt
that he holds his office with the same tenure as tho
other Secretaries, and is removable by tho President.
The change of phraseology arose probably from its
having become the settled and well-understood con-
struction of the Constitution that the power of re-
moval was vested in the President alone in such
eases, although the appointment of the officer is by
the President and Senate.—13 Peters, p. 139.
This is a voice at least, an opinion at least,
from the Supreme Court upon this question ;
not an adjudication, I acknowledge, but an
opinion, in reference to which we might have
the right to say that it was pronounced with
the concurrence of the other members of the
bench.
Let me call your attention to another case
where wc have an utterance from one of the
justices of the Supreme Court. I refer to the
case of the United States vs. Guthrie. (17
Howard, 284.) The case went off upon an-
other point, but in the course of his dissenting
opinion Mr. Justice McLean said he thought
" the construction" (the one referred to and the
one claimed in behalf of the respondent in this
case) " wrong, and that the late Supreme Court
so thought, with Marshall at its head." He
adds, however, and to this I call special atten-
tion: " But this power of removal has been,
perhaps, too long established and exercised to
be now questioned."
It will be observed that Judge McLean refers
to Marshall. Let us see what Marshall him-
self says. I refer you to 2 Marshall's Life of
Washington, page 162—the second, or Phila-
delphia edition, as it is called. I ask Senators
to observe the language of Marshall upon this
occasion, for it is a complete answer to the
argument of the Manager the day before yester-
day in regard to the right interpretation of the
debate of 1789. Marshall says :
" After an ardent discussion, which consumed sev-
eral days, the committee divided, and the amendment
was negatived by a majority of thirty-four to twenty.
The opinion thus expressed by the House of iteprc-
sentatives did not explicitly convey their sense of
the Constitution. Indeed, the express grant of the
power to the President rather implied a right in the
Legislature to give or withhold it at their discre-
tion. To obviate any misunderstanding of the prin-
ciple on which the question had been decided, Mr.
Benson moved in the House, when the report of the
Committee of the Whole was taken up, to amend
