3896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
or conniving at the same, in cases where such ex-
pcasesar© not otherwise provided for by law, $200,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and seventy-nine, after the words ''pub-
lic lands1' to insert the words u private land
claims and surveys.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and eighty-nine, to strike out u twenty M
and insert "forty and in line five hundred
and ninety, to strike out 11 thirty-four 'J and
insert u fifty-eight' so that the clause will
read:
For compensation of additional clerks in the Gen-
eral Land Otfiec under tho act of March 3.18o5: lor
on© principal clerk as director, one cleric of class
three, four eJerks of clns^ two, forty clerks of elas-s
one, and two laborers, $58,640.
The amendment was ngreed to.
The next amendment was in lines six hun-
dred and fifty-eight and six hundred and fifty-
nine, to strike out the words ut'wo thousand
five" and to insert '1 six thousand three," and
also after the word u dollars,1' in line six hun-
dred and fifty-nine, to strike out u $4,500;"
so that the clause will read:
For compensation of tin1 surveyor goneral of Min-
nesota, $2,000, iuul the o kirks in his otficc, $6,300.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hun-
dred and sixry-live, to strike out the word
'•four'' before ''thousand" and to insert
"six," and also after the word "thousand"
to insert "three thousand," and in line six
hundred and sixty-sixto strike out " $6,000 ; "
so that the clause will read :
For surveyor general of Kansas, §2,000, and tho
clerks in his office, $'\300,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hun-
dred and sixty-nine, to strike out "$7,000"
after "dollars;"'' so that the clause will read:
For surveyor general ot Colorado and Utah, S3,000,
and for the clerks m his otlice, s>-i,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next ameudineut was in lines six hun-
dred and sevenly-three and six hundred and
seventy-four, to stiike out "$4,000" and to
insert "$11,000;" and also, in lines six hun-
dred and seventy-four and six huudred and
seventy-five, to strike out "$7,500;" so that
the clause will read :
For surveyor general of California and Arizona,
$3,000, aiul lor clerks m his oUlce, $11,000.
^ Mr. POMKROY. I want to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations to this clause. I do not under-
stand why the $4,o00 should be stricken out in
lines six hundred and seventy-three and six
hundred and seventy-four and 1,000 inserted.
Mr. MOKUILIj, of Maine. The $>4,600 and
the $7,000 are put together.
Mi, .EDM UNDS. The clause now reads, as
amended, " For ;• urveyor general of California
&nd Arizona, $3,000, and for clerks in his
office, $11,000," which makes the appropria-
tion $14,000.
Mr. ToMERO\. Thai is the criticism I
was about to make.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is evidently
an error.
Mr. COLE. N o, sir ; it is not. an error.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maim;. It seems to be
an error as it stands.
Mr. COLE. Eleven thousand dollars for
the clerks in the surveyor general's ofiice in
California is the amount of the estimate for
that service. The usual amount of appropria-
tion for the survey of the land in that State is,
I believe, $50,000, and that is the amount esti-
mated for this year. The fact is there is a
great necessity for surveying the public lands
in that State._ The tide of population setting
in that direction is very great; so great, indeed,
that last month six thousand emigrants went
to that State. It will be borne in mind that it
is a very large State, comprising about two
hundred thousand square miles, and the tend-
ency of the population now is not to the mines,
but to the agricultural regions, as will be ob-
served from the fact that the exports of grain
there have been very great; and there is very
great distress and annoyance among those set-
tling in the agricultural regions for the want
of ability to get titles to their lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My friend from
California will pardon me for interposing, but
1 think I can now say to the Senator from Ver-
mont that the apparent mistake is not a real
one. and that the clause is all right. I will
read it as amended :
for surveyor general of California and Arizona,
83,000, and lor clerks in his office, S11.0U0.
We intended to make an appropriation of
$1-1,000, and if the Senator will refer to^ the
book of estimates ho will see that it is precisely
what was estimated for, and the appropriation
is in the form estimated for. The estimate is:
For the surveyor general of California and Ari-
zona, $0,000.
Clerks in his office as per act, ifcc., $11,000.
Our information on that subject, which the
Senator from California was communicating,
satisiied us that the estimate was not too much.
Mr. COLli. I will only add, that so great
is the necessity of which I was speaking of
permitting the, people settling in the agricul-
tural portions of the State to acquire a title to
their property that the Legislature of the State
passed a resolution asking for a much larger
appropriation for the survey of the public
lands than has been accorded by tho commit-
tee, and larger than will be accorded by the
Senate or the House of representatives. Tho
reasonable amount that is asked here'is cer-
tainly not extravagant by any means. It will
not, come up to the emergency.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines six hun-
dred and seventy-seven and six hundred and
seventy-eight, to strike out £* $7,000;:' so that
the clause will read :
For hu-vcyor general of Idaho, S3,000, and for clerks
in his office, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
'The next amendment was in line six hun-
dred and eighty, after the word "hundred" to
insert "and two:" and after the word "dol-
lars" to insert "and seventy-two cents;" and
in lines six hundred and eighty-one and six hun-
dred and eighty-two to strike out "$0,500;"
so that the clause will read:
I'or surveyor general of Nevada, $2,502 72, and the
clerks in his office, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hun-
dred and eighty-five, to strike out " $6,500;"
so that the clause will read :
For the surveyor general of Oregon, $2,500, and for
the clerks in his office $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hun-
dred and eighty-eight, to strike out " $6,500
so that the clause will read:
For surveyor general of Washington Territory,
$2,500, and for the clerks in his office, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in liue six hundred
and niuety, to strike out "four" and insert
"six;" and after the word "thousand" to
insert "three hundred and in line six hun-
dred and ninety-one, to strikeout "$600;" so
that the clause will read:
For surveyor gen oral of Nebraska and Iowa, $2,000,
and tho clerks in his office, $6,300.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hun-
dred and ninety-three, to strike out " three"
and to insert "four and in line six hundred
and ninety-four to strike out "$0,000;" so
that the clause will read :
For surveyor geneial of Montana, $3,000, and for
tho clerks la Ins oflice, SI,000. 1
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As it is very clear that !
we cannot finish this bill to-day, and there is \
a necessity for an executive session, 1 move -
that the Senate proceed to the consideration j
of executive business. I
Mr. MOl'itlLL, of Maine. Suppose we go '
on a little longer with the bill. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is half past four now,
and we have but half an hour for an executive
session if we adjourn at five. I insist on my
motion.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 23, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Botntox.
The reading of yesterday's Journal was, on
motion of Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous
consent, dispensed with.
REPRESENTATIVES-ELECT PROM ARKANSAS.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I send up the credentials of
the Representatives-elect from the State of
Arkansas, together with a resolution on which
I demand the previous question.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Resolved, That the oath of office be now adminis-
tered by the Speaker to Hon. Loyan H. Roots, Hon.
James llinds, anil Hon. Thomas iiules. Represents-
tives-elect from the State of Arkansas.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin to take the course pur-
sued in the case of Tennessee. The creden-
tials of the Representatives-elect from Ten-
nessee were formally refeired to the Committee
of Elections. The gentleman will see that is
a wise and prudent proceeding. We had a
report from the Committee of Elections almost
immediately. I think it is the best course for
us to pursue now.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question. 1 wish to say a word
by way of explanation and in reply to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee. Having examined
the credentials myself, having found them cor-
rect, and having heard of no contest of the
claim of these gentlemen to their seats in this
House, although they have been here for weeks
and months waiting for admission, I do not see
any good reason why we should refer their cre-
dentials to the Committee of Elections in the
first instance any more than in ordinary cases
of credentials presented where there is no notice
of contest. If there is any contest, if there is
any question in reference to the election of
these gentlemen, if there is any doubt of their
right to represent the State of Arkansas in
this House, then I will admit it is proper to
refer these credentials to the Committee of
Elections, although even in that case the rights
of contestants would not be concluded or preju-
diced by the administration of the oath. If
any gentleman will state that he has heard of
any charge against either of these gentlemen
of disloyalty or of any irregularity in the elec-
tion at which they were chosen I will consent
to this reference. Unless this is done I do not
see why in this case we should depart from the
ordinary procedure in like cases.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
allow me, 1 will say a word. He was a member
of the last Congress and will remember what I
am about to say. At the commencement of
that Congress the credentials of the Tennessee
delegation were referred by the House to the
Committee on Reconstruction*. That commit-
tee reported substantially with regard to Ten-
nessee the action that has been taken in regard
to Arkansas. When that had been perfected
into law the House then referred the creden-
tials to the Committee of Elections. That
committee reported them back, and the mem-
bers irom Tennessee were then sworn in. I
think the same prudent course should bo pur-
sued in this instance.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, as the gentle-
man seems in earnest in this matter, apd other
gentlemen near me express the same opinion,
i will modify my resolution as follows :
. llemlved. That the credentials of the Representa-
tives-eleet from tho State of Arkansas be referred to
the Committee of Elections.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
