1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1849
hands teeming with gore, would have had to
treat Union men with respect if they hoped to
escape with their own lives. But when Andrew
Johnson gave them impunity; when he de-
nounced the men who had fought for the flag;
when he let the rebels know more frankly than
he did the people of the North his purpose to
restore them to power, and to hand over the
Sumners, the Stevenses, and other radicals of
the North to popular vengeance, he let loose
upon the southern loyalists the passion of their
old masters, infuriated by their defeat and the
overthrow of the confederacy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, disguise it as we
may, and call this proceeding by what name
we will, it is at last apparent that the leaders
of this Congress are prepared to take the fatal
plunge into the sea of revolution, and, fearing
that the more timid or conservative of the
members of the majority may halt before they
leap, the leaders are determined to lash them
on while they are yet blind with rage, lest the
sight of the frightful precipicc should make
them shudder and retrace their steps. De-
feated twice in their impeachment schemes
since this session began, once in the House,
after all the acts, public and private, of the
President had been ferreted out for six months
through perjured spies and informers, and
again before the Reconstruction Committee,
with all the acts and correspondence between
General Grant and the President before it, the
foiled and baffled leaders, desperate and reck-
less, have now taken advantage of the insane
furore created by a legitimate effort of the
President to test before the courts of the coun-
try his constitutional and legal right to remove
an obnoxious and, as he asserts, faithless sub-
ordinate, who is a spy upon his actions and an
obstacle in the way of the faithful performance
of his constitutional obligation to "see that
the laws are faithfully executed"—to remove
him from his high position, and place there a
pliant tool of the dominant faction ; and this,
too, is to be done with an indecent haste that
would be disgraceful to the proceedings in the
lowest and most insignificant magistrate's
court in the country. The matter was referred
to the Reconstruction Committee late yester-
day evening. A sub-committee of three, all
of whom were known to favor the scheme,
were to-day charged by that committee to take
proof and prepare the report, carefully ex-
cluding therefrom either of the members who
wore known to oppose it. Sitting after this
House met, in violation of the rules of the
House and against the protest of the minority
of the committee, the articles of impeachment
are now hurried before this body.
And the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] stated on the floor to-day that the com-
mittee were in possession of testimony which
he recapitulated here, but which no member
of the minority of the committee had ever
heard of.
Mr.BOUTWBLL. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
Mr. BECK. Certainly.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman is in error
in stating to the House that the committee
acted upon any testimony except that which was
submitted to all the members of the commit-
tee, including the gentleman himself.
Mr. BECK. I say that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] alluded to other testi-
mony as being in the hands of the committee
to-day.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Not to other testimony,
but to information which he individually pos-
sessed, which was not the property of the com-
mittee—not testimony taken by the committee.
.Mr. BECK. I know it was not the property
of the committee, but it was alluded to in the
debate here for the purpose of influencing the
action of this House, as I understand the gen-
tleman.
It was used in the argument by the gentle-
man for some purpose, and it could have been
used by him for no other legitimate purpose.
Now, I want this House to understand that
there is no evidence before this House taken
by that committee except what is there in the
record, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
admits; and 1 want this House and the coun-
try to understand that while this, the most im-
portant matter which ever engaged the atten-
tion of the American Congress, was referred
to a committee of this House only yesterday,
and was considered by that committee and
reported upon to this House to-day, my col-
league upon that committee [Mr. Brooks] and
myself, constituting the minority of it, have
been limited, in the discussion of this question,
he to one hour before he had heard one word
of the argument upon the other side, and I to
thirty minutes, being obliged to present our
views in that time, while two members of the
majority of the committee [Mr. Binuiiam and
Mr. Paunswoutii] have each been ullowed an
hour for discussion, and an hour belongs of
right to the chairman to close the debate; and
that is done in order that this matter may be
rushed through this House before the country
can fully understand it and make their wishes
known 1o their Representatives here.
Mr. FAllNSWOllTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to make a suggestion to him at this
point of his remarks?
Mr. BECK. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. While the gentle-
man is thus reflecting upon the action and
judgment of this House, does he reflect that no
objection was made to the course which he now
condemns?
Mr. BECK. 1 objected in every manner I
could.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. It was by the unani-
mous consent ol' the members of this House
that debate upon this question was limited to
speeches of thirty miuutes.
Mr. BECK. 1 merely say that I did object
in every form I could. But I must make the
most of it and proceed. What I was about to
remark is this: that the single question upon
which the decision of this House is now to be
made is that the President has attempted to
test the constitutionality of a law which he
believes,to be unconstitutional. All the testi-
mony heretofore presented upon which to base
an impeachment of the President was decided
by even a majority of the Republican members
of this House to be insufficient to justify im-
peachment. All questions growing out of the
combinations and conspiracies lately charged
upon the President were ruled by the Recon-
struction Committee to be insullicient, and
were not brought before this House. And the
sole question now before us is, is theie any-
thing in this last act of the President removing
Mr. Stanton and appointing Adjutant General
Thomas Secretary of War ad interim to justify
his impeachment by this House?
I maintain that the President of the United
Slates is in duty bound to test the legality of
every law which ho thinks interferes with his
rights and powers as the Chief Magistrate of
this nation. Whenever ho has powers con-
ferred upon him by the Constitution ofthe United
States, and an act of Congress undertakes to
deprive him of those powers, or any of them,
he would be false to his trust as the Chief
Executive of this nation, false to the interests
of the people whom he represents, if he did
not by every means in his power seek to test
the constitutionality of that law, and to take
whatever steps were necessary and proper to
have it tested by the highest tribunal in the
land, and to ascertain whether lie has a right
under the Constitution to do what he claims the
right to do, or whether Congress has the right
to deprive him of the powers which he claims
have been vested in him by the Constitution of
the United States, and that is all that he pro-
poses to do in this case.
Now, if that is the object, and the only ob-
ject, of the President, as I contend the facts
show, then 1 can hardly bring myself to believe
that any set of sane meu can seriously entertain
the opinion that in anything the President has
done in the removal of Mr. Stanton he_ has
been guilty of either a high crime or misde-
meanor. But1' whom the gods wish to destroy
they first make mad;" and if ever a party was
stricken with judicial madness and blindness
the action of this party now proves that they are
the victims of it.
That the President should be considered
guilty of a high crime or misdemeanor for
desiring and attempting to bring to the test of
judicial decision one of the powers with which
he considers that the Constitution has clothed
him, and of which power an act of Congress
has attempted to divest him, and that, too, in
regard to an officer who agrees witji him in
regard to that constitutional power, seems to
me an idea too preposterous to be entertained
outside of a lunatic asylum.
The humblest citizen has the undoubted right
to try judicially his constitutional rights. In
regard to an officer whose office is created by
the Constitution it is not only the right but
the official duty of the President to bring to
the test of judicial decision every power of
which Congress endeavors to deprive him and
which he believes is vested in him by the Con-
stitution. He cannot obey the Constitution
nor faithfully fulfill his oath of office without
vindicating in a legal, orderly, and judicial
mode those powers. A void act of Congress
is no excuse before a court or even before the
bar of enlightened public opinion for a failure
to attempt in a constitutional, legal, and orderly
manner to fulfill his constitutional duties. If,
therefore, the President is guilty of a crime)
that crime consists in his believing that the
tenure-of-office bill is unconstitutional or that
it does not apply to the case of Mr. Stanton,
for if he does so believe, it is a duty he can-
not, without violating his oath, decline to bring
to the test of judicial decision whenever the
duties of his office require him to remove an
officer under his constitutional authority.
By the Constitution the President is made
the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy of the United States. Suppose that Gon-
gress by a law should seek to deprive him of
his power as such Commander-in-Chief? Would
ho not have the right to make removals and
appointments and to issue orders for the pur-
pose of testing the constitutionality of thatlaw ?
The Constitution says that every man shall
have the right to a trial by a jury of his country.
Suppose Congress should pass a law taking
away that right in all cases, would not any man
have the right to test its validity, and would
not the President be bound to see that every
facility was afforded for the purpose of ascer-
taining and vindicating the constitutional rights
ofthe citizen ? The right to the writ of habeas
corpus is the right of every person in time of
peacc. Is it not the duty of the President to
see that the right is not withheld, and to pro-
tect the citizen if Congress attempts to deprive
him of it? Every law which seeks to deprive
the Chief Executive of the nation of any of his
constitutional powers as such he has a right to
test in every way the law will permit. Gen-
tlemen on the other side from the beginning to
the end of this argument assume that this act
of the President removing the Secretary of
War is a clear violation of the Constitution,
and that he knew he had no right to interfere
with Mr. Stanton under the tenure-of-office
cLC U
Just the reverse is the fact. All the leading
authorities in the country have declared that
the right to remove executive officers was vested
solely in the President of the United States—
that this was a power of which he could not be
deprived by any act of Congress. Mi*. Madi-
son. says:
" The Constitution affirmsthat the executive power
is vested in the President. Arc there exceptions^ to
this proposition? Yes, there are. I be Constitution
says that in appointing to office the feenatu a-hall be
associated with the President, unless in the case of
inferior officers, when the law shall otherwise direct.
Have we (that is, Congress) a right to extend this
exception? I believe not. If the Constitution has
invested all^xecutive power in th e President, I return
to assert that the Legislature has no right to diminish
or modify his executive authority. The question now
resolves itself into thiii: is the power of displacing an
executive power? I conceive that if any power
whatever is in the Executive it is in the power of
