1868.
©ONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that this is not a joint resolution.
Mr. PIKE. No, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If it is
merely a resolution of the House it would
have no binding force or effect whatever. I
think, and I believe the House will agree with
nie, that this is a matter which ought to be
very fully considered before we pass upon it.
It certainly implies that we shall get into a dif-
ficulty which may be a very serious one; for I
see that the last part of the resolution provides
that " whatever punishment for trespass is in-
flicted shall be in proportion to the pecuniary
injury occasioned by the offense." Who is to
be the judge of this? To whom shall this great
authority be confided by this resolution of the
House? These are questions which I think
the House ought to consider very carefully in-
deed before we shall pass a resolution of this
character. It is not a joint resolution ; it has
not the effect of law, and I myself doubt very
much the propriety of passing a resolution of
this character without knowing more about the
subject and proceeding with more deliberation.
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman from
Maine allo\^ me ?
Mr. PIKE. For a question?
Mr. CHANLER. 1 wish to ask the gentle-
man from Maine for information and to make
some statement in regard to this matter. If
he will only yield to a question I will wait until
I can submit some remarks.
Mr. PIKE. My time is limited, and I can
only yield for a question.
Mr. CHANLER. My question, perhaps,
might cover the ground; but, sir, it is not for
the purpose of asking a question I have risen,
but to show wherein this matter may be very ob-
jectionable. If the House will allow me, with-
out taking it out of the gentleman's time, I
would like to make a statement.
Mr. PIKE. I yield for five minutes.
Mr. CHANLER. My objection to this mat-
ter arises from two reasons principally. First,
that the fishing along the coast of New Eng-
land has ceased to be, as it formerly was, in
the hands of the fishermen alone. It has
fallen into the hands of certain monopolists,
who, by means of large steam vessels, are ab-
sorbing the fishing interests of that region.
That is the case round Gape Cod and through-
out the country alluded to by the gentleman
. from Maine. The regular fishermen who have
been in the habit of supplying the markets
of the great cities by personal labor are now
forced to give up the pursuit of their liveli-
hood because they are forced into competition
witli large and wealthy monopolists. So far
for that objection. We are called upon, in
other words, to protect a fishing monopoly,
organized into granted corporations, instead
of American fishermen and the seamen who
are furnished to the American Navy by that
class. The fishermen are being swept from
the coast, and the reason which heretofore
existed for the reciprocity treaty has ceased to
exist, that is, so far as the fishermen are con-
cerned, as a source of our national strength.
This proposes to put power into the hands
of the Executive. The resolution is to give an
excuse to the Secretary of the Navy to exer-
cise his power, and then to say to the country
that it was the will and wish of Congress that
he should involve us in a preliminary process
which may bring on a war. The bureau of the
Navy Department which may have charge of
this matter has acted with the Secretary with
great efficiency during the war, but there can
be no doubt in the mind of any reflecting man
that all connected with that Department have
assumed the exercise of unwarranted power.
This is a most important question, in view
of the reform inaugurated by the majority of
the House in taking away executive power.
Here we propose to clothe this Department
with extraordinary power, with a capacity, in-
deed, to involve the country in war. This is
the pending proposition.
The question involved is also one of expense.
There is no doubt it will accrue to the advan-
tage of those contractors who are now buying,
or have already bought up, our iron-clads and
otlner vessels declared by our Navy Department
to be useless. If this resolution be passed it
will necessitate a larger naval force, and the
Government may^ have to buy them back again.
This is the limit in the resolution.
I myself do not desire at this time to under-
take to instruct the Secretary of the Navy or
the President. They have the power now, and
the gentleman from Maine admits this House
have already accorded this power. Yet under
this resolution the Executive may encourage
and protect upon our, coast an established and
growing monopoly in the fisheries, a business
not in the hands of individual fishermen, but
held by wealthy corporations, driving the
original fishermen, in whose interest the reci-
procity treaty was made, from our waters.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PIKE. I yield five minutes to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctleb.1
• Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, it is hardly
possible to discuss this question in the limit
of"time allowed me. This resolution proposes
simply to send a vessel of war, or more, as may
be needed, according to the extent of the fish-
ing ground, to see to it that Our fishermen have
fair play. It is not a declaration of war. There
will be no trouble. The difficulty is this : the
colonial authorities by their revenue service
seize our vessels; they are takefi into port,
where there is collusion sometimes between
the courts and the captors, and for catching a
single mackerel or a single codfish our vessels
are condemned. Now, it is only to see that we
have fair play done that this resolution is of-
fered. The President does notchoose to inter-
fere unless he can have some expression of
Congress. This is not outside of any matter
of diplomacy. It is in the usual course by
which Great Britain and every other nation
protect their subjects. They send ships of
war to watch their interests. Great Britain
has vessels of war stationed in the West Indies,
and always has them wherever her commerce
goes. It is not a menace ; it is not a threat;
it is nothing out of the usual course of asser-
tion of national rights, and it is a matter of
the highest consequence.
Now, sir, this resolution comes from a com-
mittee which has charge of this matter—which
has charge of naval affairs. After considera-
tion it has been duly reported. Now, if the
House will not take time to discuss the matter
fully—and I would like to have it fully dis-
cussed—they must follow the report of their
committee. We ask for no increased expense;
we ask no new vessels to be put in commission;
we ask for nothing to be done out of the usual
course.
In answer to my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Washbcrxe,] who says this resolution looks
to the infliction of punishment, he wholly mis-
takes it. It only says that where the colonial
authorities propose to inflict the punishment
of confiscation of a vessel and cargo because
of a simple involuntaiy trespass there shall ■
be a proper interference. I will read that part
of the resolution :
And that whatever punishment for trespass is in-
flic ted. by the colonial authorities shall be in j>ropor-
tion to the pecuniary injury occasioned by the offense.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask what tribunal is to determine this?
Mr. BUfLEK. The proper tribunal, before
which it shall be brought.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What will
that be?
Mr. BUTLER. There will be two. When
the vessel is carried in there will be somebody
representing the United States there, some
naval officer, to see to the matter. But when
one of our vessels of war sees a colonial cuttlr
coming up to carry in a vessel for the simple
offense of having caught a fish within three
miles of the shore, the commander will say,
" You cannot take that vessel for confiscation ;
I will accompany you into port and be responsi-
ble for whatever damage or wrong has been
done." That is to say, a colonial vessel on
Will the gentleman yield
the one side undertaking to interfere wilf be
met by a Government vessel on e*ur side whicii
will come m and see to the matter in court
instead of having the poor fisherman takenand
carried m where he has no redressi ' It is tli6
usual, ordinary, common protection afforded
to commerce by the armed vessels of the uatioa
whose commerce needs protection.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PIKE resumed the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN.
to me for a moment?
Mr. PIKE. I will yield for a question'.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire three or four
minutes to make a few remarks.
Mr. PIKE. There are other matters whicii
the committee desire to report, and this must
be closed up.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Give me three minutes.
Mr. PIKE, ^ery well.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to know whether this is really a joint reso-
lution or a simple resolution of the House?
The SPEAKER. It is really a joint resolu-
tion, and has been so treated by the House. It
was read twice and referred to the Committee
On Naval Affairs by the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Maine stated that it was simply $
resolution of the House, and in the body of
the resolution tile word "joint" is strickea
out. I only desired to know what it really
was.
The SPEAKER. The title is upon the back,
and it has been journalized previously as a
joint resolution, and read twice.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am unable to pursuade
myself of the necessity of the passage of this
resolution. I am clearly of the opinion that
it is inexpedient that we should pass it at this
time. What is the state of the case? The
President of the United States is Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and of the Navy. Il is
his duty to see that our commerce upon the
ocean is protected, and we have placed at his
disposal a large naval force for that purpose.
If, then, any necessity exists for sending
naval vessels to these fishing banks, the au-
thority is ample in the President to do it. If
he refuses to do what the law requires at his
hands, if he refuses to perform his duty, let us
say by authority of law that the Navy shall
be sent there, and not merely by a resolution
request the Secretary of the Navy to send
vessels there, so that in the event a difficulty
grows out of it, he may shield himself behind
us, the House of Representatives, by saying
that it was upon our recommendation and at
our request that this naval force was sent there.
I object to it for the reason that we are not
attempting to direct him by authority of law.
If this is a joint resolution, as it appears to be
from the decision of the Speaker, then the
word "requested" certainly should be changed
to "directed," and we should assume the re-
sponsibility and not request of the Secretary
of the Navy that he discharge his duty when
the law requires it at his hands.
The necessity for sending these vessels to the
fishing banks may exist. I am not prepai'ed
to say whether it does or does not exist. But
the_ presumption is that the President of the
United States and the Secretary of the Navy
know better 011 that subject than we possibly
can know, know better than even the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs can know, for I presume
they have never attempted to investigate the
condition of things up there, or to judge of the
actual necessity of sending vessels there. I
am opposed to placing this House in the posi-
tion that the Secretary of the Navy in any eveut
can shield himself behind us in anything that
requires a discharge of his duty.
Mr. PIKE. I wish to say that until I heard
the remarks of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cijaxleu] lhad supposed it was the duty
of the Secretary of the Navy of the United
States to protect our commercial interests; I
had an idea that it was part and parcel of the
duty of our naval establishment, which we
keep up at an expense of from twenty to sixty
