316
SUPPLEMENT TO
,the President, just as any other of the heads of
tkese Executive Departments.
I have now gone through the legislation es-
tablishing the seven Executive Departments,
ranging from 1789 down to 1849, a period of
sixty years. But this is not all. I might cite
you to numberless other offices, assistants to
these, revenue officers, postmasters, and I
kiiow not what, established all through this
period from Congress to Congress, with differ-
ent terms ; some at pleasure, some for a fixed
term unless sooner removed, some indefinitely;
and yet all regarded as removable by the Pres-
ident under phraseology like this.
Now, what shall we say of all this legisla
tiou? I began with the First Congress that met
under the Constitution ; I come down with you
to the Thirty-Ninth Congress that passed the
civil-tenure act; and I point you, by the way,
from Congress to Congress, to laws that were
passed by these Congresses affirming—every
law of this kind being an affirmance—the con-
struction that was started in 1789, that the
power of removal was lodged by the Constitu-
tion in the President of the United States. I
say here by virtue of imperfect examination
myself, but of information upon which I rely,
that if you were to gather the laws of Congress
from 1789 to March, 18G7, which expressly
affirm this construction, they would average
some two or three to every Congress.
Now, how stands the question ? What have
we? Here is a question of constitutional in-
terpretation. I beg the Senate to observe that
these laws which 1 have read are in force ; they
are constitutional interpretations. The civil-
teuure act of 1807 may be in force. That, too,
is constitutional interpretation. Now, wecome
to the question of duty on the part of the Presi-
dent in that condition of legislation. Every
department of the Government had been down
to March, 18U7, of that opinion ; all the Presi-
dents, the Supreme Court to the extent I have
stated, and every Congress. 1 probably ought
to modify that statement, but there were some
seventy or eighty laws upon this subject be-
tween 1789 and 1807 affirming the same doe-
trine by the form in which they acknowledged
the power of removal. All this occurred;
litis was the condition of the question; and
now I submit it to you Senators. The law
of March, 1807, is constitutional interpreta-
tion; all these other laws aie constitutional
interpretation. May not human reason pause
here? May not human judgment doubt?
What is the condition of the question? All
the Presidents, every revered name that over
filled tile office, affirming this doctrine ; the
Supreme Court uttering itself upon this doc-
trine ; thirty-eight Congresses affirming this
doctrine ; this on one side, and one Congress
on the other. May not human reason pause?
May not human judgment doubt? With this
great preponderance of testimony and of con-
struction running through a period of nearly
eighty years, was it criminal to stand with this
great mass of precedents around him and be-
lieve as the thirty-eight Congresses had be-
lieved, as #11 the President's had believed, as
all that had gone before him had believed;
was it criminal, I say, that he, too, believed
in that way, and thought that it was a proper
case, it being simply a question of constitu-
tional interpretation, to pass to that tribunal
which has a right higher than the Executive
and higher than Congress upon the subject
of interpretation ?
Do you believe, Senators—this is the ques-
tion which I desire to propound to you—that
Andrew Johnson at the time I have referred to
honestly thought that the Constitution lodged
this power of removal in the hands of the Pres-
ident? Look back upon what he had before
him upon which to form the opinion, and I put
again the question to you, do you believe he
honestly thought it was so? Your law was
before him ; these crther laws were before him ;
ami what did he propose to do? Just this : to
take up your law as it was and go to that tribu-
nal that could inform him finally and effectually
how the question stood.
But what, Senators, shall be the effect upon
the very question, admitting it as an original
question to be one of doubt, of this long line
of interpretation in every department of the
Government? I read you the rule that a long
and uniform interpretation makes a fixed inter-
pretation. A long and uniform interpretation,
say for seventy years, of a doubtful question
under the Constitution, would remove the
doubt. What rule shall we apply? We are
now upon the subject of a power not expressed,
and yet we want stability in reference to these
powers just as much as if they were expressed.
Stare decisis, that is the rule; and without it
your Government has no stability whatever.
Can you fix the interpretation of one of these
powers by construction ? When shall it be ac-
complished? In five hundred years ? I think
you would all say that. In four hundred years?
I think you would all agree to that. In two
hundred years? Yes. In one hundred? Well,
it had rwi on this very question seventy-eight
years of the history of the United States; in
fact, the whole of its political existence. Stare
decisis, if we are to have any stability in ref-
erence to our Constitution. There is not
one half of it written. Stare decisis is the rule
that has preserved the English Government,
that has no written constitution. In this rule
it has found firm anchorage through century
after century and through revolution after revo-
lution. Are we to have any stability whatever
in our institutions? Stare decisis is the rule
we must adopt and adhere to; and on this rule
this question stands.
The Thirty-Ninth Congress alone—very soli-
tary in the midst of all this array—has given
its interpretation to the Constitution. Was it
any better than that of 1789? Say it was as
good; I do not propose to institute any com-
parison; I do not say that it was not just as
dispassionate, just as cool, in just as good a
condition as the other; but it was no better
than the Congresses which preceded it.
And this brings me now to the question : is
this Senate prepared to drag a President in
here and convict him of crime, because he
believed as every other President believed, as
the Supreme Court believed, as thirty-eight of
the thirty-nine Congresses believed? That is
the question. Senators, that is the state of
the question, and in the condition of Andrew
Johnson you can find no criminality in what he
did. I have put tlie question to myself, putting
myself in his place, with the views which I
entertain of the President's duty, not to lie
down with his hand on his mouth, and his
mouth in the dust before Congress, but to stand
up as the Chief Magistrate of a nation whoso
walls are the shores of a great continent, and
maintain the integrity of his department. He
shall execute your laws ; he shall execute even
the doubtful laws; but when you bring to him
a question like this; when he has all this pre-
cedent behind him and around him, all these
voices sounding in his ears, as to what is the
right interpretation of the Constitution, and only
one the other way, I say you are going too far
to undertake to brand him with criminality
because he proposed to go to the Supreme
Court and ascertain how it is. To go there is
peaceable, is constitutional, is lawful. What
is that tribunal there for ? For this very pur-
pose.
I did not state the entire case in what I have
said. I should have referred you also to the
President's care, to the proprieties of his con-
duct in reference to consulting those who, by
long usage, are the advisers and councilors of
the President. You shut out. many of those
inquiries. You would not hear from the de-
fense upon these questions. Suppose this:
suppose it to have been brought to your atten-
tion, Senators, that upon a question of moment
like this, a serious question, in which you
yourselves were interested, the President of
the United States disregarded all the usages
that had prevailed in the conduct of the -Ad-
ministration among other Presidents, turned
his back upon his Cabinet, held no consulta-
tions. but going alone in willfulness and dis-
regard of those aruund him, did the act; it
would have beeu a sorry thing for President
Johnson if that proof could have been made
upon him ; and yet the fact that he could prove
just the contrary was shut out. Is not that a
matter to be considered in determining, not
upon the constitutionality of the law, but upon
the question of guilt, for that is the question
we have before this tribunal ?
Now, what was Mr. Johnson's condition?
He had a Cabinet officer who was unfriendly
to him. personally and politically. All the con-
fidential relations between them were broken
3p. That Cabinet officer himself tells you, in
a letter to Congress, dated as late as 4th of
February—I read from page 235 of the pro-
ceedings—that he " has hadnocorrespondence
with the President since the 12th of August
last;" and he further says that since he re-
sumed the duties of the office he has continued
to discharge them "without any personal or
written communication with the President;"
and he adds:
" No orders have been issued from this Depart-
ment in the name of the President, with my knowl-
edge, and I have received no orders from him."
It thus appears that this Cabinet officer was
really a new Executive, repudiating the Presi-
dent, having no official communication with
him, and proposing to have none ; administer-
ing the duties of his Department without recog-
nizing even the President's name; his enemy.
I will not canvass the merits of these officers;
but the relation of confidence was gone which
you will acknowledge should exist; for it not
un frequently happens, I may venture to say, that
you ask for what takes place in those Cabinet
consultations if the President is willing to re-
move the seal of secrecy ; I think such a request
as that has been made within six months from
the lower House, if not from the upper ; but we
know this, that it is a confidential relation, and
that when the confidence is gone the relation
is destroyed. That was the President's con-
dition. Here was a Cabinet officer, in fact,
who was a sort of executive running the office
in his own name, not even proposing to com-
municate with the President. In this con-
dition of things Mr. Johnson found it to be his
duty, as he communicated it to General Sher-
man, to make a change in that Department.
Let me refer to General Sherman's language
on that subject. General Sherman says on
page 519, in answer to a question that was put
to him:
" I intended to be very precise and very short; but
it appeared to me necessary to state what 1 began to
stato, that the President told me that the relations
between himself and Mr. Stanton, and b- tweeu Mr.
Stanton and the other members ot the Cabinet, were
such that he could not execute the office which ho
lilted as President of the United States without mak-
ing provision tid interim tor that ollico; that he had
the right under the law; ho claimed to have tho
right, and his purpose was to have the office admin-
istered in the intereot of the Army and of the coun-
tiy; and he offered mo the othce in that view. Ho
did not state to me then that hi-, purpose was to
bring it to tho court directly, but tor the purpose of
having the office administered properly m tny inter-
est of the Ai my and of the whole country."
That was the condition of tilings. Here was
a Cabinet officer who refused all intercourse.
Observe, Senators, I do not intend to go into
any inquiry as to right or wrong. 1 merely
state the naked fact. He refused all inter-
course. He carried on the Department with-
out communication with the President; a sort
of secondary executive. Tlie unity of the Cab-
inet was gone. In that condition of things the
President felt it to be his duty, as Chief Magis-
trate, to make a change in that Departme.it.
I see .before me here this afternoon more than
one man who, if he were in that executive
chair, would not tolerate such a condition of
things in his Cabinet. It is utterly impossible
to administer the executive part of the Gov-
ernment with division and wrangling and con-
troversy and want of confidence between all
the members of it; and in this necessity it was
that Mr. Johnson moved to procure a change
in that Department. That was the case, his
own ease, a easepressingupon him, not sought;
and in executing the duty, as he conceived it to
be, to effect that change he came in conflict
