4422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
General Gillem respecting the election in Mis-
sissippi. I regret that I have not time to read
more. I will begin with the report made by
Thomas H. Norton, brevet major United States
Army, and one of the inspectors of elections.
He says:
"There is not a political meeting held in which the
newly entranchisedireedmcn arc not solemnly warned
and threatened thatif they do not votedown the pro-
posed constitution they will be deprived of employ-
ment, and that the southern whites will see their
lands confiscated rather than permit these frcedmon
who oppose them politically to earn a .livelihood
by their cultivation. Not only are these uulawlul
threats used m the upeeches of these politicians!, but
many prominent newspapers throughout the State
in the interests of their party publish conspicuous
editorials approving and pledging themselves and
others to the enforcement of this barbarous policy
of outrage and persecution. In consequence of this
system of intimidation, I am hilly persuaded that
hundreds, and perhaps thousands of legal votois will
bo prevented from approaching the polls to give a
free expression to their political preferences.
"Again, the laws of the United States prohibit any
civil or military officer of any State government now
in process of reconstruction iroin using their official
influcnco in any way to hinder, delay, prevent, or
obstruct the due and proper administration of the
acts of Congress relating to reconstruction, or any act
supplementary thereto, and a specilic punishment is
proscribed for infractions of those laws.
"Now, it is respecttully submitted and can be sub-
stantiated that the official influence of nearly all the
civil oilicers of the State of Mississippi has been and
is now constantly excicisvd to hinder and prevent
the reconstruction of tho State in violation of the
true intent and meaning of the laws above reterred
to. The Governor of Mississippi is now actively can-
vassing tho Stato in opposition to leconstruclion,
when, in view of the extraordinary oxeitoment now
pervading tho entire community, every obligation of
official decorum and every consideration of public
safety would seem to domand that in the legitimate
discharge of his tunctions as tho chief executive oi
the State he should be at his post u^ing every means
at his command toontoien the lav\s and in aiding
the military commander iu the maintenance ol pub-
he order aud in preserving the peace and dignity of
the community."
I now read from a report signed by William
Atwood, first lieutenant nineteenth infantry,
one of the inspectors of election. He says:
"As the last ono £a colored man) left the polls, a
white man a'sked him how ho had voted, lie inti-
mated ho had voted the .Radical ticket, wheroupon
thewhite man struck him a blow with astick, telling
him to 'go along/ Tho negio started to run and
fell at thegato of the yard. Another whito man made
an attack upon him while down, but was so much
intoxicated as to bo unable to injure him. lie aroso
and rail down tho road, and while runningwasstiuck
by still another whito man., and knocked down," «fce.
E. C. Gilbraith, first lieutenant twenty-fourlh
United States infantry, an inspector of elec-
tion, says:
"Many complaints are mnclc by persons who have
been discharged from employment lor voting as they
did. lam convinced that tho election was no free
expression of opinion, and was carried through
pressure.
John E. Meek, states as follows:
M Being one of the registrars of the county of Mon-
roe, Mississippi, I must say to you that tho feeling of
a large portion of the people in this county is any-
thing else but loyal. In tho district m which I held
tho election, many of the voters were deterred from
voting for the constitution and went homo, it was
proclaimed by rebels publicly that they wanted to
see and know the white man that dared to come up
to the polls and vote the Radical ticket. So if the
constitution is defeated it will be done in that way,
by forcing public opinion and making a man odious
who wishes to vote with tho licpubhean party.
"I have no doubt that in order to reconstruct tho
State you will be compelled to remove all of the
civil officers of the State, and to cast off the official
influences that are wielded over tho people of this
county and State. All the sheriffs and clerks here
took a bold stand to defeat ratification. Not one of
them can qualify for office under tho present military
rule. The registrars of this county know all and
every man in the county who are competent to fill
tho various offices and who can take tho oath of
office. So whenever thetimeenmea to displace them
you can have the reference of qualification through
this board of registrars as to merit and qualification.
Tho oxeitoment here to-day is as angry as m the
vcarJ800. They areas defiant to the Government as
over, notwithstanding their denial to the contrary.
They boast that if a collision of arms should take
place at the polls to-morrow they could whip out the
federals beforo theyeouldgetaidfromheadquarters.
" Yo« need not be surprised to hear of a collision
of arms at any moment. Radicals are not sale to
tiavel the public highways of the county, notwith-
standing the rebel papers at this day tell you that
good order prevails oyer the State; it is done for a
blind to keep all right at headquarters.
" In giving you tnis hint of what is brewing here,
it is done from the best of motives of a, loyal man.
You may think it premature with me, but I am a
clore observer of the political events of the day. I
would be pleased to hear from you at any time."
F. P. Hilliard makes the following state-
ment:
"X have the honor to stato that I came here to-
night lor tho purpose of asking tor instructions. I
closed tho election at Les^ell's-shop precinct (his
evening at seven o'clock; many freedmen came there
to vote and went away without votiug.
"Threats and intimidation are u^ed^parties op-
posed to reconstruction insist upon lcmaining about
tho polls as challengers, and take tho names of all
parties voting, and iuquiie very particularly how
every man votes. Tl e voteis are watched so closely
that nvmy of them say they cannot, vote as they wish
to. They aro informed by people nwa-y from tho
polls that thc?e men are taking their names, and aro
finding out how they vote; telling them that if they
do not vote as they wish them to that they (<he
freedinon) will regret it; that labor will not begiven
thorn, nuy moro provisions will not be issued them,
&c. My opinion is that an honest expression of tho
wishes of tho voters cannot bo had uulubs wo can
rule away from tlio polls all except tho sheriff and
commissioners of election.
" Pieaso inform me by telegram to Yazoo City, and
I will get it in time for the election at Benton."
General Gillem, it is true, uses in liis report
the following general language:
"As is generally tho ease in elections frauds is
chaiged by botli parties. # All reports and com-
plaints bearing on this subject aro herewith trans-
mitted lor the consideration of tho proper au-
thority. (Sec Appendix C.) Merely leinaikmgthat
I am sati.^iod tho election was as fair and free from
intimidation or tho influence of fraud as it would be
possible to secuio under exciting circumstances, and
that no undue influence was exercised at tho polls.
It' intimidation was used at all it was beyond the
power of the wilitaiy to reach it."
But, sir, in these very documents which
accompany his report, General Gillem, who
finds no serious irregularities in that election,
furnishes proof that statements and complaints
were actually made to him, that irregularities
had been perpetrated, and the grossest wrongs
had been committed on the freedmen. I will
not detain the House by reading any further
extracts, as I presume they are familiar to my
friends on the other bide.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JjANVHJSNCM, of Ohio. Will my col-
league [Mr. Blngiiam] yield to me to offer an
amendment ?
Mr. 1> INGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. LAWUENGE, of Ohio. I move to
amend the bill by adding to it tho following:
And he it fin tho enact <d, That if in any one of paid
States any person shall, during tho yo> r 18t>8, vote
tor any candidate for elector for President or Vice
President of the United Stares, or shall act r.s an
officer at any election loi such candidate, every per-
son so offending shall be deemed guilty of a high
misdemeanor, and shall be liable to indictment and
eouvicUou therelor in any couit of competent juris-
diction, and shall, on such conviction, be fined not
more than SI,000, and be imprisoned not leas than
one month nor more than one year.
And be it further enact cd, That it shall bo the duty
of the President of tho United States to prohibit any
person from voting or act ingns an officer of any elec-
tion contrary to the provisions of this act; and for
that purpose ho sh.dl employ the power of tho Army
and Navy of the United States, so far as may be
nccessary.
MESSAGE FKOM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Colonel
William G. Moore, his Secretary, informed
the House that the Piesident had approved
and signed bills and joint resolutions of the
following titles :
An act (II. II. No. 554) making a grant of
land to the State of Minnesota, to aid in the
improvement of the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river;
An act (II. It. No. 698) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending
June flO, 18G9 ;
Anaet(H. It. No. 7(31) to construct a wagon-
road from West Point to Cornwall Landing,
all iu the county of Orange, State of New
York;
An act (H. R. No. 1227) granting a pension
to Martha Ann Wallace ;
All act (Ii. R. No. 1820) for the relief of L.
Merchant & Co. and Peter lioseeranz ;
An act (II. R. No. 1387) granting an in-
crease of pension to Frances S. Richardson,
widow of the late Major General Israel B.
Iiichardson ;
A joint resolution (H. II. No. 329) to amend
the fourteenth section of the act approved July
28, 1866, entitled '• An act to protect the rev-
enue, and for other purposes;"
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 8-10) for the
relief of Peter M. Carmichael, surgeon ot the
uort of Albany;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 343) to admit
free of duty certain statuary ;
A joint resolution (II. R- No. 344) to meor-
poratethe "Washington Target-Shooting Asso-
ciation," iu the District of Columbia; and
A joint resolution (II. It. No. o-j4) admit-
ting steam plows freoot duty for one year from
June 30, 1808.
enrolled bills, etc., signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
bills and joint resolutions of the following
titles ; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 433) authorizing the trustees
of Union Chapel of the Methodist Episcopal
church, in the city of Washington, to mort-
gage their property for church purposes;
An act (S. No. 009) in addition to an act
pased March 2(5, 1804, entitled '"Anact in ad-
dition to an act entitled 'An act for the pun-
ishment of certain ciimes against the United
iSta.t ps *' ''
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 03) granting per-
mission to officers and soldiers to wear the
badge of the corps in which they served during
the rebellion ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) to carry
into effect the resolution approved March 2,
1SG7* providing for the exchange of certain
public documents.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
iiam, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had passed n joint resolution of the following
title, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested :
Joint resolution (S. No. lf>2) to regulate the
carriage of passengers in steamships and other
vessels.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed House bill of the following title,
with an amendment, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested :
An act (II. It. No. 1275) relating to the
Alexandria canal.
reconstruction again.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the bill to provide for the more
speedy reorganization of the States of Virginia,
Mississippi, and Texas, and for other purposes.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] has
five minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. COVODE obtained leave to print some
remarks as part of the debates. [See Appen-
dix. J
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, in the five
minutes left me, 1 can do no more than refer
to a single objection made by my colleague oil
the committee, the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck..] He has intimated to the House,
indeed he has stated to the House in terms
which I think he did not fully consider. that
by this bill persons authorized" and entitled to
be registered under the existing laws of Con-
gress would be deprived of the privilege of
registering.and consequently of theprivilegeof
voting 1 beg leave to say to the gentleman
irotn Kentucky, and I say it under my respon-
sibility to the people whom I represent, that
there is nothing in the bill before the House
that ean be tortured by human ingenuity into
any such construction. On the contrary", (and
it is due to the gentleman from Kentucky that
1 should say it,) the committee have, bv way
ot caution, inserted in this bill language pro-
viding that the officers appointed in the mode
specified in the bill shall observe in all respects
the provisions of the existing la,vs touching
he matter ot reconstruction. Hence it results
that omcers appointed as provided in this bill
will have no more power to deprive any person
in either ot the States named of registration or
ox the right to vote than have the existing officers.
