THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
aw
with this law, and proposed to have its consti-
tutional validity tested.
But, says the gentleman, [Mr. Boutwell,]
he did not. I answer that he did. ^ The peti-
tion for a writ of quo warranto was'prepared;
and if these proceedings had not been instituted
it would have been filed. But how would he
have been laughed at, how would he have
been ridiculed if he were now conducting in
the Supreme Court proceedings on quo ivar-
ranto, a termination of which could be reached
by 110 possibility for about a year, when at the
time this thing was inaugurated it was reported
that he was to be impeached and evicted within
ten, twenty, or thirty days ? The case was
brought here. He did prepare, but he had 110
opportunity to put it to a constitutional test.
Mr. Stanton brought a suit against Mr. Lorenzo
Thomas. He had him arrested. There was
the opportunity. By reason of that he could
reach the decision instantly, and how the Pres-
ident snatched at it; and how it was snatched
away from him that he might not have the op-
portunity of testing the constitutionality of the
law! So that the President stands fairly on
this question.
Talk of force here! Where is the force?
Where is even one single bitter personal inter-
view in all this transaction? Not a quarrel of
words anywhere. And this is the performance
of the Executive who started off to take pos-
session of one of the Departments under his
charge by force! Well, Senators, we have
force in the pictures that might easily be drawn
of the termination of this transaction. Force
is exhibited, if I may so express myself, in that
cordial embrace of Thomas and Stanton, when
the one stood with his arm around the other,
and ran his fingers affectionately through his
silver locks. That is the force, the concentra-
tion of "force, intimidation, and threats!''
And that is about all you can make of it.
We offered to bring inhere the Cabinet to
testily as to what their adviee was upon that
subject, and you would not hear that. Al-
though it was res gestcv, if there were such a
thing to be found in any transaction, although
they had consulted upon this very question,
although their words were deeds, yet you would
not hear them; you shut their mouths, and
remitted us to the man from Delaware and the
empty utterances and boastings of Lorenzo
Thomas. What great truth-searchersare these
Managers in this case! They want us to find
force, to find this evil intent in the utterances
of this man from Delaware and in the idle
conversations at an evening reception, or a
midnight masquerade, of a man "dressed in
a little brief authority;" and yet they will
not hear the deliberations, the consultations
that are held upon this very question, when
the transaction is hot in the mind ol' the party
who is about to perform it. There is 110 rescu-
ing this trial from the manifest imperfection
of the testimony on that point.
Now, what was the President's purpose?
Why did the President—I put the question to
myself while this matter was in progress—ap-
point—no; it is not an appointment—why did
he give this letter of authority to Lorenzo
Thomas? He had to do it, Senators; there
was 110 other way he could adopt by which he
could put the case in condition to test the law.
If he had nominated to you the office would
have remained in the exact condition in which
it was without a nomination ; and therefore it
was necessary, by an arrangement of this kind,
to get some one who could represent the Gov-
ernment on that question; and that was the
whole purpose of it. What was his intention
in all these movements? Just to get rid of this
defiant, unfriendly Secretary. Allow me to use
this expression without conveying any personal
censure; but that was the relation in which he
stood to the President?
What did he do? I11 the first place he ap-
plied to General Graut; and the honorable
Manager had the assurance to interpret that
as a mischievous movement—selecting a man
whom the country delights to honor, in whom
it has the utmost confidence; ay, in whom the
gentleman himself intends to express, ere long,
still greater confidence. Selecting such a man
as that is to be regarded as a mischievous trans-
action.
What next? The very next step he took
was, not to get a dangerous man, not to get a
man in whom you had no confidence. The
next man was General Sherman. Who dare
charge wickedness or bad purpose upon such
movements?
What next? General Sherman would not
take it. Did the President run then after
somebody that was mischievous, somebody
that would excite your apprehensions, and
give reason to fear that mischief might come
out of the movement? No. The next appli-
cation was to Major General Thomas. It
seems that the President picked out the three
men of all others in the nation who should
command your favor in regard to the pur-
poses he had in view. No ; you cannot make
his conduct, mischievous. He had one pur-
pose, and that was to change that War De-
partment, and it would have delighted him
to make the change and to put there perma-
nently any competent man whom you would
select; anything to get rid of the poisoned con-
dition of his Cabinet, and that he might have
unity and peace restored to it.
But, say the gentlemen, he executed this
law in other respects; he changed the forms
of his commissions ; he reported suspensions
under this law. So he did; and, Senators, it
is one of the strongest facts in this case. He
•did not take up this law and tear it to pieces.
That is lawlessness. He did not trample it
under his feet. That is lawlessness. He took
it up to have it interpreted in the case that
pressed upon him individually, and in all other
respects he executed it without the surrender
of his own convictions. It was said in the
suspension of Mr. Stanton, for instance, that
he acted under your law. Ho did. I can
adjust that suspension to the terms of your
law: I can adjust it also to his own views;
and instead of seizing upon that as a subject
of censure, 1 tell you it was an overture from
the President, I know, to get out of this diffi-
culty, and to conciliate you in the hope that
you would relieve and let him have a Cabinet
such as any of you would demand if you were
in his place.
Look at that suspension; look at the mes-
sage of suspension. He tells you, " My Cab-
inet—and Mr. Stanton is the most emphatic
of all of them—believe this law is unconstitu-
tional." Mr. Stanton was the one who was
selected, as lie tells you in the letter, to draw
the veto. I wish he had not had a lame arm
and he could have drawn it. It would have
been sharper than the one jou received. But
he tells you in that act of suspension what
his views were about ihe law. He goes on
and tells you further, in that very message,
" We had this matter up in Cabinet meeting;
one of the Secretaries appointed by Mr. Lin-
coln said it did not apply to him, or to any
one of those who held over from the previous
terra, and there was 110 dissent." All those
opinions were in his mind. He communicated
them in the very message where you say he
surrendered himself utterly to Ihe terms of the
tenure-of-civil-office bill. lie did all that; and
it is to his credit that he has not rushed into
heedless and reckless controversy with the
law, but has suffered it to be executed until
the question of its constitutionality is in some
way determined.
Now, gentlemen, I cannot believe—I have
been sitting here and listening to the evidence
! presented in this case for a long time and read-
; ing more or less about it, and I have never-been
I able to come to the conclusion that, when all
i these matters were laid before the Senate and
understood, they could convict the President
of criminality for what he has done. There is
no force. Where is it? Where is the threat?
Where is the intimidation ? Nowhere. He did
try to get into the courts. That we know. He
did his best to get there ; ran after a case by
which he could have carried it there. Where
is his criminality 1 Is he criminal because Ue
did not surrender the convictions of his mind
on the constitutionality of the act of March 2,
18G7? So was General Washington criminal;
so was Adams criminal. The voices of all
these Presidents sustain him ; the voices of all
the Congresses behind him sustain him;"the.
whole history of the Government sustains hii 
in the position which he took. How, then,
can you find criminality in his conduct ?
But I will hurry on to the second question.
Let us go back a moment before I go forward.
Return with me for an instant to the end of
that brief examination which I made of the
right construction of the tenure-of-civil-office
act. I told you then that if Stanton were not
included the first eight articles of this impeach-
ment substantially fell; and, even if he were
included, there could be no criminality if the
President acted upon a question of law under
the advice of the Attorney General, who was
officially designated for the very purpose of
giving him that advice. So that from that point
of view the great portion of the case falls. I
have been examining it, however, in this other
aspect. Suppose Stanton were under the law
and we had not observed it. I then presented
the question, where is the power of removal
lodged? Although you have your own opin-
ions, Senators,upon tliequestion, difleringlrom
that of the President, I see around me gentle-
men who argued upon it ably. There is yet
the other question which I have presented, and
which must, be met; and will you, can you, con-
demn as criminal the President because with
such light as he had he thought differently,
and acted as I have described ?
I come now to the next question, about the
ad interim appointment; and I beg you to ob-
serve that if you shall come to the conclusion
that the President had the right to make an ad
interim appointment, then there is a great ship-
wreck of this impeachment; it nearly all tum-
bles into ruin. I beg you again, when yon
come to examine these articles, to see how
many of them are built upon the two facts,
the removal of Stanton and the ad interim
letter given to Thomas. Now, had he the
right to make that temporary appointment?
He made it under the act of February 13,
1795. Allow me to read it:
"That in ease of vacancy in the office of Secretary
of State, Secretary of the Treasury, or of tho Soure-
tary of the Department of War, or of any officer of
either of the said Departments whose appointment
is not in the head tliercol, whereby they cannot per-
form the duties of their sit id reppectivo office:-, it
shall be lawful for the President of the United
States, in case he shall think it necessary, to author-
ise any person or persons, at his discretion, to per-
form the duties of thosaid respective offices until a
successorhe appointed or such vacancy be tilled: Pro-
vided, That 110 one vacancy shall be supplied, in
manner aforesaid, for uionger term than bix mouths."
You will be pleased to observe that all pos-
sible conditions of the Departments requiring
temporary supply are expressed under tho
single word "vacancy." It covers removal;
it covers the expiration of the term of office ;
it covers a resignation; it covers absence; it
covers sickness ; it covers every possible con-
dition of the Department in which it may be
necessary ad interim, to supply the service.
This law was passed February 13, 1795. There
has been another act passed, partly covering
the same ground, under the date of February
20, 18G3. The question is now, does the act
of February '20, 1863, repeal the act of Feb-
ruary 13, 1795?
Senators, allow me to call your attention to
a few rules of interpretation in reference to
statutes before I compare these.
1. The law does not favor repeals by impli-
cation. Again, if statutes can be construed
together they are to stand. Further, a latter
statute, in order to repeal a former one by im-
plication, must fully embrace the whole subject-
matter of it. Still again, to effect an entire
repeal, all the provisions of the previous stat-
ute, the whole subject-matter t>f it, must be
covered.
Let me illustrate. Suppose the reach of a
statute extended from myself to yonder door,
f I might illustrate it in that way : if a subse-
'
