1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
warn members against the danger of going to
another extreme. Some members seem dis-
posed to put the tax down to twenty or twenty-
five cents a gallon on distilled spirits. Now,
the gentleman t'rom Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] is mistaken in his calculation as lo the
amount of revenue we can raise out of distilled
spirits by this bill. I take it for granted the
Committee of Ways and Means have adopted
all the incidental taxation that it is possible to
impose upon distilled spirits, to wit: a special
tax on the distillery, a special per diem tax, and
a tax on sales. Now, the chairman of the
committee has presented an estimate of the
incidental tax upon this article. 1 believe the
chairman is too high in this estimate. Indi-
rect taxes, before the spirits are put upon the
market, will not exceed six cents per gallon,
so that if the proposition of the gentleman from
Illinois or the gentleman from Massachusetts
should prevail it will make the tax less than
forty cents per gallon, which, taking the very
highest possible estimate of the quantity, would
only amount to SoO.000,000 per annum or less.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the amount of tax that
ive ought to realize oti distilled spirits should
not be less than $50,000,000. The people of
this country will not rest satisfied with a less
amount raised from that source. But it is
impossible to realize more than from twenty-
five to thirty million dollars if you put your
tax at twenty-five cents or less pergallon. Now,
gentlemen say they desire to reduce this tax to
a point so low that we can dispense with all
transportation in bond. I wish to call the
attention of the committee to this question of
transportation in bond. The bill as presented
to the House prohibits transportation in bond
except for exportation, and the exportation of
distilled spirits is necessarily confined to two
distinct articles, namely, alcohol and rum, one
being exported almost entirely from theeity of
Bostonand theotherfrom NewYork. Gentle-
men seem to forget that we have in this bill a
provision which, while it is intended to pro-
tect, and must in a very great degree protect,
honest and fair men who are e.igaged in the
business of distilling, requires this tax to be
collected at the distillery warehouse, and that
at the warehouse there shall be put on each
barrel or package a stamp indicating the num-
berof gallons contained in it and that the tax
has been paid thereon. So I apprehend that
the honest distiller can have no difficulty in
securing from his banker, or from tuose who
advance him money, the amount of money
required upon that barrel or package when he
exhibits it with the revenue stamp placed there
by the collector of the district, showing that
the tax has been paid.
Now the cost of producing a gallon of spirits
from corn is twenty-five cents, which makes
the barrel cost about ten dollars. Now, a tax
of sixty cents will make about twenty-four dol-
lars a barrel.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 rise to oppose the
amendment. I wish to say in the outset that
1 have, for three years, been of the opinion, as
I am to-day, that it is folly for Congress to
attempt to collect a tax of two dollars a gallon
on distilled spirits. Whenever I have had an
opportunity to vote on this question, whether
in the Committee of Ways and Means or in
this House, 1 believe ray vote will be found
recorded in favor of the reduction of the tax.
But at this time I suppose at least a majority
of the people agree that the hope of collecting
two dollars is gone. The only question, then,
is where we ought to put the rate. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Mea-is propose to reduce
it on the direct tax to sixty cents per gallon,
but let it be understood that the committee
have raised the tax in the various forms of
special, per cent., and per diem taxes to the
amount, of sixteen and a quarter cents per
gallon. All the special taxes now collected
on spirits under the law will not amount to
more than one quarter of one cent per gallon.
Therefore, the sixteen and a quirter cents
which the committee have added in the way
of special taxes may be considered, with the
exception of the quarter of a cent, as a clear
addition to the tax on whisky. In other words,
while they have reduced the direct tax from
two dollars a gallon to sixty cents, they have
increased the indirect taxes sixteen cents a
gallon, making a tax of seventy-six and a quar-
ter cents per gallon, according to the bill be-
fore us. The prevailing reason in the minds
of all members here why we should reduce
the tax is the necessity of breaking up the
great power of the whisky ring ; that combina-
tion which defrauds the revenue and prevents
us from getting revenue on more than one gal-
lon in ten. The only practical question of
statesmanship for us to consider is whether
seventy-six and a quarter cents is too high a
tax to enable us completely and effectually to
break up the combination.
1 believe it is too high, and I am in favor of
putting the direct tax down to til'ly cents, but
not lower. Now, I am aware that the precise
amount of tax which will best meet the neces-
sities of this case cannot be determined with
the certainty with which we settle questions
that depend on general principles. Without a
full exhibit of the minute details, I am of the
opinion that fifty cents direct tax can be col-
lected without much fraud. I may not be
able to give sufficient reasons to satisfy gentle-
men why that is my faith ; certainly 1 cannot
do it in five minutes. But I am persuaded
that a tax of seventy-six and a quarter cents
on whisky, with all the opportunities that have
been so long enjoyed, and the skill that has
been acquired by experts in fraud, will he too
much. As my colleague suggests, they have
diffused the direct tax. That is wise, and we
are pretty certain to get the sixteen and a
quarter cents, and I would not disturb a single
item of those special taxes so far as 1 have yet
considered them. But I believe that if the
committee will take fifty cents as the rate, and
so far reduce the incentives to fraud and the
temptation to rascality, with the additional
guards thrown around the revenue in this hill
m the machinery for collecting it, we shall be
reasonably safe.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. Imovetoamendtheamend-
inent by striking out "fifty cents" and insert-
ing "forty cents." I do so because 1 believe
that at that figure we will collect more revenue
than at any other that can be inserted. 1
believe that with the tax direct and indirect,
amounting to nearly eighty cents on the gal-
lon, the frauds will be almostas large in gallons
as it is with the present tax. The question
put by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price]
to his colleague [Mr. Allison*] during my
absence involved the whole gist of the matter,
i read it at my home. He interrogated his
colleague as to whether the thing he was driv-
ing at was not to get grain whisky at such a
price that it and the tax would be less than
the price of molasses whisky without the tax,
and there he hit the nail upon the head. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] says it
hit Philadelphia. Not Philadelphia, but.the
scoundrels ofthecountry whohave been poured
into Philadelphia to drive her old businessmen
of integrity out of it. It hits New York; it
hits Chicago; it hits the unconvicted felons,
who, as I had occasion to say in quoting the
language of an officer of the revenue, are crea-
tures who would be committing burglary and
highway robbery, or expiating their crimes in
the penitentiary, if they did not find it more
profitable and safe to be cheating the Govern-
ment and the community in illicit distillation.
Now, a reduction of the tax to sixty cents
would diminish to some extent the price of
molasses, and would consequently diminish the
price at which molasses whisky can be pro-
duced. Ten cents above fifty cents is a mere
bonus to fraud : a mere payment of millions
to scoundrels to cheat the Government of other
millions and tens of millions, and I fear that
the difference between forty and fifty cents
would operate to that effect.
Now, let us, while we are correcting this
evil, do it effectually. Do not let us follow the
unwise philosophy of a humane man, who was
too kind-hearted to take all the dog's tail off
at one swoop and took a little piece ofif each
day. Do not for the next year leave the
morals and the revenues of the country a prey
to the men who hold them both at their mercy
under the patronage of the Administration,
but let us strike a point which will give us
revenue enough for the Government, as forty
cents per gallon, with the additional sixteen
and a quarter cents, will do. The last day I
was in the House 1 learned from a member
from New York that he had the day before, in
the ordinary course of business,shipped alco-
hol from New York to the western part of
Kansas. Now, let us make this so that nature
will have some influence in regulating this
important branch of trade, so that the West
may produce whisky where the corn is grown.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PltUYN. When'l was a member of
the Committee of Ways and Means in the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, with two or three of
my associates on that committee, I urged very
warmly the propriety of reducing the then pro-
posed tax of two dollars per gallon to one dol-
lar. We failed in our efforts to do so, yet the
result has proved just what was predicted al
that time by the opponents of a large and
heavy tax. No Government ever offered a
greaterbounty to fraud, perjury, andallkindsof
iniquity than this Governmentdid when it estab-
lished the whisky tax at two dollars per gallon.
It was a tax that all persons, looking at the
value of the article, had told us^ never could
be collected, never would be paid, but would
be evaded at all times and under ail circum-
stances. It was a tax that broke down honest
distilleries and encouraged those who were
dishonest in the illicit distillation of spirits.
1 am glad that the Committee of Ways and
Means have yielded at last to the acknowledged
sentiment of the House and of the country, and
have proposed to make this tax sixty cents
instead of two dollars per gallon. And under
a code of the most extraordinary character,
such as is now contained in this bill, imposing
fines and penalties and requisitions such as a
man can hardly comply with, the tax is in-
creased. as the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Schexck] says, about
sixteen or seventeen cents per gallon j making
the whole tax some seventy-six or seventy-
seven cents per gallon.
Now, the whole amount of whisky manufac-
tured in the country at the present time, as I
am assured by those well informed upon the
subject, is about one hundred million gallons
per year; perhaps a little more, and perhaps a
little less. With the proposed tax we should
receive a revenue from whisky of about sev-
enty-five million dollars per annum.
Now. it is very difficult to decide just where
the point is to which we can go withsafety and
collect the tax. and find that it will not be
evaded by the distillers. My own impression is
that the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Van
Wyck,] who has moved to reduce this tax to
fifty cents per gallon, has just about hit the
right point. And for one I am prepared, with
the information I now possess upon the subject,
to vote for fifty cents per gallon, believing that
to be a tax which can be collected. If to that
amount you add the other taxes of seventeen
cents per gallon, you will have a tax of sixty-
seven cents per gallon, yielding a revenue of
about sixty-seven million dollars per annum ;
a very large revenue when contrasted with the
ten, twelve, or fifteen million dollars per year
now collected, an amount which will do very
much, indeed, to strengthen the Treasury and
the resources, character, and financial condi-
tion of this country.
I should therefore be very glad to
vote to fix the tax upon distilled spirits at nity
