1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4423
The only difliculty ia the case, Mr. Speaker,
(and it is this that gives occasion for this legis-
lation,) is that we have an apostate President,
who has no more care touching the execution
of (tie laws of this country than has the king
of Dahomey. We desire, therefore, so to
amend the laws as to aid their execution by
ihe united action of the people of these States,
represented in their constitutional conventions.
Gentlemen have intimated here some doubts
about the constitutionality of this legislation.
1 beg lej,v*e to say to the gentlemen who have
made this objection that the very men who
constituted the uniting link between the men
who made the Government and the men who
executed the Government thereafter, _did^ in
more than one instance, as gentlemen will find
by reference to the early legislation of Con-
gress, exercise these same general powers which
have never been challenged until this day,
when they are challenged in the interest of
partisans and of party, though they are invoked
for the establishment of law and order in the
disorganized territories of this country. I
have said this much by way of answer to my
colleague on the committee. Our existing
laws, instead of being changed iu this behalf,
are reiterated and are to be enforced, but
through a different agency. I now demand
the previous question.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the bill and
amendments be laid on the table.
Mr. 8COFiELL>. X move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business ou the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. Two undebatable propo-
sitions now pending prevent that motion from
being in order, if it had been made before
the demand for the previous question, it would
have been in order.
Mr. WOOD. I call for the yeas and nays
oil my motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion of Mr. Wood was not agreed to,
there being—ayes 19, noes not counted.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of Mr. Lawiiexce, of Ohio,
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main questional dered.
Mr. ELDIifDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. Before this bill ispassed
my colleague on the committee, thegpntleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. BoutwellJ desires to
be heard for ten minutes, and i am wilimg to
yield to him.
The SPEAKER. Then the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
is now in order. If the debate continues the
gentleman has the right to take any member
irom the floor by a motion to proceed to busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. Under
what rule ?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule.
The Clerk read as follows :
"After one hour shall have been devoted to reports
from committees and resolutions.it shall bo in order,
pending the consideration or discussion thereot, to
entertain a motion that tho House do now proceed to
digposo of tho business on the Speaker's tattle."
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of JLliiuois. Read be-
yond that.
The Clerk read as follows:
" It is an invariable practice, too, to permit a mem-
ber, upoiitbc expiration of the morning hour, to take
the iloor, even though another may be occupying it,
to make the motion to proceed to business on the
Speaker's table.''
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My point
of order is that that refers to the standing com-
mittees of the House making their reports in
the morning hours and not to the reports of
special committees like the Ctonlimttee on
Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The rule is, that after one
hour shall have been devoted to reports from
committees and resolutions, it shall be iu order,
pending the consideration or discussion theieof,
to entertain a motion that the House do now pro-
ceed to dispose of tke business on the Speaker's
table. It does not speak of standing commit-
tees or special conraittces. The committees of
the House are divided iuto two classes. One
called in regular order is entitled to two morn-
ing hours, and no more, until called again in
regular order. The other class, of which the
Committee of Elections and the Committee on
Reconstruction may be regarded as types, can
report at any time. Its business is regarded
of a higher character. At the end of the hour,
when the Committee of Claims is making re-
ports, a motion to go, to the business upon the
Speakers table is in order, and the Chair does
not see why it should not be in order after an
hour has been devoted to the consideration of
reports from the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion. The rule is broad, and covers all com-
mittees.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the vote be taken with-
out debate I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no desire to delay
the House about this matter myself, but I
deemed it my duty toyield afew minutes to my
colleague on the committee.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I only ask to read the
following extract from General Reynold's let-
ter :
"In addition to all that I have heretofore stated
with regard to the necessity of military commissions
in Texas, I bee: now to add that my experience and
additional information with roferenceto the amount
of hiwleabuebs throughout the State fully confirm my
previous statements, and compel me to repeat, the
application. Scarcely a day passes that I am not
appealed to for a military commission.
"These appeals, although coming in a majority
of instances from men of well known Union tenti1
ments, aiehyno means confined tomen of any party.
Conservatives, Radicals, whites and blacks, profess
an earnest dflfeire to have a stop put to the mm deriDg
which is going on in the State to an extent which is
almost incredible to citizens of other States, and
which is a disgrace to the civilization of the age."
Mr. SCOFIELD. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. RAUM then addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Ihe question was then taken ; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 27,
not voting 77 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley. Baldwin, Banks, Be&tty,
Benton, Bingham, Blackburn, Boles, Boutwell,
Bowen. Cromwell, Broomal), Buckland, Buckley,
Cake, Callis, Churchill. Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Covode, Cullom, Delano,^De-
woese, Dixon, Dockery, Driggs, Eekley, Ela. Eliot,
Ferriss, Fields, French, Garfield, Gravely, Halsey,
Hamilton, Haughey, Heaton, Iligby, Hill, Hinds,
Jtooper, Hunter, Lugersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H.
Junes, Judd, Kelley, Kelsey, Kctcham, Koont7,, Laf-
lin. Lash. Wilhnm Lawrence, Lincoln. Loan. Logan,
Loughridge, Mallory, Maynard, MeClurg, McKee,
Met cur. Miller, Moore, Mullin?, Myers, i\unn,
O'Neill, Ortli, Paine, Perhain, Pierce. Pile, Pol?ley,
Pomerov. Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
field, Shanks, Starkweather, Aaron K. Stevens,
Stewart, Stokes, Sypher, Taffe, Xayloi, Thomas,
John Trimble, Trowbridge, Twicheli,\an Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Elihu B. Wash-
bnrne, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Whittomore. William Williams, John T.
Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom-112.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell. Baker,
Beck, Cary, Eldridge, G-etz, Gioas-bienner. Golia<Jay,
Grover, llaight, Hawkins, Johnson, Tbpmas_%.
Jones, Kerr, Knott, Mann, Niblack, Nicholson,
Phelps, Randall. Ross.Xaber, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Van Auken. and Wood—27.
NOT VOTli>G—Messrs. Anderson, Bailey, Barnes,
Bamuuv Beaman, Benjamin. Blaine, Blair, Boy-
den, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Berjamm F. Butler, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Chanler, Cook, Cornell, Dawes,
Dodge, Donnelly, Etrgle^ton, Farnsworth, Ferry,
Finney, Fox, Goss, Gnswokl. Harding. Holman, Hop-
kins, Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hum-
phrey, Julian, Kellogg, Ivitehen, George V. Law-
rence, Lynch, Marshall, Marvm, McCarthy, Me-
Corinick, Mi..Culiough, Moorhead, MorreU, Morrie-
sey. Mungen. Newcomb, Newsham. Norris, Peters,
Pike,Plants, Poland, Puce,Pruyn, Robinsoa, Roots.
Selye, Sheliabarger, Sitgi^^ cs, Smuli, ^oakling,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, bpfon, Robert T. Van
Horn, Van Trump, Vidal, Cadwaiader C. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, James Wilson, Wosdbridg-e,
•and Woodward—77.
So the bill was passed.
Mr, BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to proeeed to
business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
poinding BILL.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
the resumption of the consideralion of the bill
£*S. No. 207) for funding the national debt, and
for the conversion of the notes of the United
States, which had been passed over until a
quorum should be present.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
insist upon its amendments and ask for a com-
mittee of conference. It is important that we
should endeavor to come to an agreement.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Chair
appointed as conferees on the part of the
House Messrs. Schenck^ Logan, and Bout-
well.
contingent fund of tiie house.
Mr. BROOMALL. I rise to make the fol-
lowing privileged report:
Report of the Committee on Accounts upon the resolu-
tion, of July 15, 18G8, directing them to investigate
into the disbursements of the contingent funds of the
Home for 1867 and 1868.
The Committee on Accounts, who were directed by
a resolution of the House July 15.1868, to inquire
into and report the disbursement of the contingent
fund of the House of Representatives for the years
1867 and 1868, make report:
That they have investigated the matters committed
to them, and that the result is contained in the fol-
lowing'tables, showing all the disbursements of pub-
he monevs on account of the House lor the years
1864,1S65,1866,1867, and 1868:
§ %% %
oq £T.0 « % i
>-J © VJ __ C
" •'tJ !
p : § 2 " s
as : '
*?. o ■ '
e5 o c 'c c c j-j
cr-i 5 p -!
OQ
oo©P
C1!
„ _. r, "55 33 25
; Hg ™
• C " J? r* ® tc K ®
i o 2 P r+r£.:
B ® o ;noV. 2° ° '
-•© w 2 ® p P :
£ rj-3 C3 c3 o :
o-i.Si* o
-"a?s-E
P-
a sLr-l.
CO — -CJ
s-s-b.5:
$ S 2 5":
® 03   O •
33 a- :
55 • O .
3 f
in :
. .
s o-; sl£o
> o : 3^3
'' X : 3^ " C
S ; Z,
w : cr? el _
H.' POl®
e*j ®
A-
P: sr
t£T:
O "C '
: #  Si:
: ©« :
& •
2 :
H
: o D ;
L-wOCO ^-7 C
toip CO >7
o o
O
^^3
ClvGCCW-J  
cr;co
oVw
o o
o o
C3
pip O
**wb c: 1 'ft O V; ND Ot-Ctp
0>—CDfcOlCr-'C->(-.t-0« HOO
O O
h
h-3
^ Exclusive of pay of engineers and firemen.
t Includes besides ordinary objects of expendi-
ture, investigating committees and pay of contest-
ants.
I Threo sessions and three allowances for newspfc-
pers and stationery.
