3460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
cents per gallon, believing that, on the whole,
t.o be the best point on which we can settle and
dispose of this matter.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RELLEY. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. JUDD. I renew the amendment to
the amendment for the purpose of explaining
in a very few words my conviction and belief.
I observe, from, the course of the discussion
this morning, that there is a very general con-
currence of sentiment that the tax on distilled
spirits as at present fixed by law cannot be
collected. Discreditable as that may be to the
parties really responsible for this condition of
affairs, it is a condition not to be disregarded
in the framing of our revenue laws. While my
conviction is that the larger part of these
frauds upon the Government are attributable
to.the administration of the present law and
the executive department of the Government,
I cannot exclude entirely from my considera-
tion the fact that tlio high rate of taxation
and the enormous profits derived from the
violation of law has been one proof of the
causes that induced the present position. My
conviction is that if this law and its enforce-
ment were a private enterprise men honest to
execute would be found. If the rules of hon-
esty and business capacity, that prevail ordi-
narily among our business men, were applied
to the execution of the present law, instead
of receiving from this source only about four-
teen million dollars during the past year the
Government would have received $100,000,-
000. But the history of the country, and its
administration during the last year shows, dis-
tinctly and clearly, that under the present
system we were not to collect the present tax.
Impunity induces boldness, and we are de-
generating daily, and the influence of this
demoralisation is extending wider and wider;
and the combinations to defeat the execution
of revenue laws are growing stronger. The
skill displayed in violating law if applied to
any honest calling would entitle the possessors
to honor and renown. We cannot change
the Administration, as has been recently dem-
onstrated, and the question recurs can we do
anything so as first, to prevent in any degree
these frauds upon the Government, and sec-
ondly, to obtain the largest amount of revenue
for the Government. It is perfectly evident
that the tax of two dollars has not given us
fifteen cents per gallon during the last year.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Phots]
says not five cents. My desire was to state it
large enough, so that if there was any error it
would be against my position and not in its
favor. Hence no man should be alarmed at
the proposition of my colleague from Peoria
[Mr. Ingersoli,] to reduce tiie tax to twenty-
five cents, if by reducing the tax to thai figure
we shall do something towards restoring the
moral tone of those dealing in this article, by
removing the temptation to defraud. At that
price the Government will obtain more revenue
than it has obtained during the last year at
the present rate of two dollars as fixed by the
present law.
1 say, then, let us, in accomplishing these
objects, cut off, according to the illustration
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [llr. Kel-
ley,] the entire tail at once." Let us not make
another experiment upon this question. If it
is doubtful whether a specific tax of sixty cents
a gallon, with the additional taxes by way of
licenses, &c., provided for in this bill will have
the effect of preventing these frauds and realiz-
ing the proper amount of the revenue, let us go
below sixty cents, and my judgment, Mr. Chair-
man, is, that if both forms of taxation when
computed together make a tax of seventy-six
cents on a gallon, as estimated by the chair-
man, [Mr. Schenck,] there is a margin of
profit to the fraudulent that will continue the
system in operation, and that we shall have
gained nothing for the Government. The only
effect is in a measure to reduce the profits of
the parlies concerned in defrauding the Gov-
ernment. I think that a tax amounting in the
whole to fifty cents per gallon is as high as a
safe collection of the revenue will warrant.
The specific levy of thirty-five cents, adding to
that the license, will, in my view, accomplish
what is desired by this bill, that is, take away
the temptation for fraud and give the Govern-
ment a fair income from this article of luxury.
In the present situation of the country it is
safer, Mr. Chairman, to err on the side of reduc-
tion. If things continue as they have been
this source of revenue will substantially cease.
At any rate, the experiment must be made,
and the fears expressed that there will not be
revenue enough to meet the wants of the coun-
try will be dismissed in consideration of the
condition of the receipts from this source. My
desire is that we shall so frame this bill as to
fix the entire levy, whether by special tax or
otherwise, at an amount not exceeding fifty
cents. To do this we must, according to the
estimates made by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, as to the amount
from licenses, &c., reduce the special tax to
about thirty-five cents. If you add to that the
amount of the license tax, as provided in this
bill, you have a rate of about fifty cents per
gallon. And I repeat again, Mr. Chairman,
that my belief is that unless we destroy illicit
distillation and put an end to these frauds, we
shall get no revenue, and that the only sure
method under the control of the legislative
department of the Government is to reduce
the taxes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I observe that there is
manifested by the House a good deal of har-
mony on this subject, not only among mem-
bers, but between the Committee of the Whole
and the Committee of Ways and Means. The
Committee of Ways and Means have made a
recommendation to the House of sixty cents as
the amount of the direct tax. They do not
ask to have it considered in any other light than
as a recommendation. They will be perfectly
satisfied with any figure that the House may,
in its discretion, think it wisest to fix. Indeed,
the committee were somewhat divided upon the
subject, some favoring a tax a little below sixty
cents, and others a tax a little above that
amount. The common purpose we all had in
view was to fix an amount of tax which shall
be collected, and which in process of being
collected shall not be subject to those evasions
and frauds which have been the disgrace of
the country.
It is not worth our while, however, to stand
here kicking at the " whisky ring " or fighting
it, because it is very hard to ascertain what
that ring is. I sometimes doubt whether it
really has an existence as an organization.
It is a sort of myth. In saying this I do not
mean to be understood as saying that there is
not a band of rascals in the country making
money by frauds in reference to whisky ; but
these men, so far as I have been able to dis-
cover, while they are all ready to cheat the
Government, are almost ail ready at the same
time to cheat each other. If there is anything
that a distiller or a whisky dealer engaged in
these frauds suspect more than anything else
it is that the revenue officer with whom he is
colluding will cheat him ; and the revenue
officer who is trying to get blackmail is just
about as fearful that the distiller or the dealer
from whom he expects to get it will cheat him
in the course of their transactions. "We, there-
fore, have them all to fight; and whether you
call them a "whisky ring" or by any other
name, there is a large number of dishonest
persons throughout the country, official aud
unofficial, against whom we have to protect
the Treasury. How shall we do it ? 1 say—
and we all seem to be agreed upon the point-
by putting the direct tax low enough to take
away the inducements to this fraud. What
shall be the amount? The reason I have de-
clared my willingness to assent to a tax of
fifty cents is that the great proportion of the
present fraud comes from the distillation of
spirits from molasses. Now, it takes a gallon
and a half of molasses to make a gallon of
spirits: and the present price of molasses being
forty-five cents per gallon, it requires sixty-
seven and a half cents worth of molasses to
make a gallon of spirits. It will cost some-
thing like ten cents to manufacture it, which
brings it to seventy-seven and a quarter cents.
You cannot make a gallon of these fraudulent
spirits from molasses and sell it in the market
for less than about eighty or eighty-eight eents.
It may become lower hereafter ; but this being
the case, I doubt whether we have gone too
high in fixing sixty cents. If the House prefer
fifty cents as the direct tax on whisky, I will
suggest when we come to that point, to increase
the tax upon capacity.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HARDING. 1 move to strike out
twenty-five cents, and in lieu of it to insert
twenty-six cents.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish to say to the
committee, while I am as anxious to obtain a
large amount of revenue from this source as
any gentleman upon this floor, I am fully con-
vinced, after considerable observation bestowed
on this subject during the last three or four
years, living, as I do, in the neighborhood of
distilleries, that no considerable amount can
ever be realized from the tax upon • distilled
spirits if we put this tax at a higher figure than
twenty-five or thirty cents.
Now, sir, before the war, as will be remem-
bered by gentlemen who hear me, whisky or
alcohol sold for about sixteen cents per gallon
by wholesale. The tax of sixty cents now pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means
is about four times what the article sold for
previous to the war. It is certainly, at least,
three times the value of the article. This is an
inducement to fraud. Where a man has fair
remuneration for honest labor there is no in-
ducement to perpetrate fraud ; but fraud upon
the revenue is invited where the tax is so much
greater than the cost of the production of the
article itself. If we wish to collect the revenue
fiom this source we must reduce the tax to the
sum I have stated. While I have great confi-
dence in the ingenuity with which the committee
have framed this bill, and while I approve the
means of distributing the tax, taxing the capa-
city, taxing the barrel, taxing the product, and
so on, yet, sir, I wish to say that, in my judg-
ment, it does not prevent fraud. We are to
have a system of stamps. Stamps are to be put
upon thebarrels. How do they prevent parties
from drawing out the contents of the barrel
and filling it with illicit whisky? I confess I
do not see how that can be prevented by this
system of stamps. I am of the opinion that
the tax can only be collected at the distillery.
The moment you permit the party to remove
the whisky from the distillery without paying
the tax and to allow it to be transported in
bond that moment you open the door to fraud.
We have had experience enough already on that
point. If you permit the whisky to go in the
cars for exportation, what opportunity is there
for fraud ? What opportunity for changing the
barrels ? They will have depots where that can
be done.
Why, sir, our distilleries in Illinois did a
profitable business until we allowed the trans-
! portation of whisky in bonds without paying
! the tax. The moment that was allowed our
| distilleries in Peoria were closed. How they
| continued up to that lime I know not.
I Ii> the brief time allowed me I can only
throw out a few disconnected ideas. There
are, Mr. Chairman, millions of money invested
in thernanufacture of distilled spirits. Let us
put this tax so low that the men interested in
this illicit distillation will have to give it up;
for, sir, it costs more to manufacture whisky
m an illicit way than in the regular and legal
| mode. Let us have the honest manufacture
: protected against the illicit distilleries. Then
j the Government will collect more revenue;
and that can only be done by reducing the tax.
! [Here the hammer fell.]
| Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I' rise to
I oppose the amendment for the purpose of hav-
ing an opportunity of giving my views in refer-
ence to the tax upon distilled spirits. We
