1352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
next session thereafter. He may, with the
advice and consent of the Senate, remove from
office. How? By presenting charges against
the officer to the Senate. If those charges are
deemed sufficient by the Senate to remove or
suspend said officer they notify the President
of their action. He in that way obtains their
assent to said suspension or removal. In this
way he may suspend or remove; but in none
other can he do it. He may nominate lo the
Senate a person for an office, and ask the con-
sent of the Senate that said person may be
appointed and inducted into office ; but without
such consent affirmatively given by the Senate
he can neither appoint to nor remove from
office. This law was passed in pursuance of,
and is in accordance with, the following provis-
ion-of the Constitution of the United States,
(section 2, article 2:)
"Ho shall have power.by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he
shall nominate, and, by and with the advice und eon-
sent of the Senate, shall appoint embassadors, othor
publio ministers and consuls Judges of thesupremc
court, and all other otlicors of tho United States
whoso appointments are not heroin otherwiso pro-
vided for, and which shall bo established bylaw; but
the Congress may by law vest tho appointment of
such inferior officers as tlicy think proper in tho
President alono, in tho courts of law. or in the heads
of Departments."
It is plain to be seen that all the authority
and power that the President has under and by
virtue of this provision of the Constitution is
carefully reserved to him by this law. In
framing this law, in order to preserve tho
Constitution from violation, the Congress of
the United States thought proper to add a
penal section, which I will read:
"Sec. 6. And be it further enacted,~&c.t That every
removal, appointment, or employment made, had, or
exercised, contrary to the provisions of this act, and
the making, signing, sealing, countersigning, or issu-
ing of any commission or letter of authority for or in
respect to any such appointment or employment,
shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to bo, high
misdemeanors. And upon trial and conviction there-
of every person guilty thereof shall be punished by
a fine not exceeding $10,000, or by imprisonment not
exceeding live years, or both said punishments, in
tho discretion of the court."
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us examine this ques-
tion for a moment. It seems to me very plain
and easy of solution. It is not necessary, in
order to decide whether this action of the Pres-
ident of the United States comes within the
purview and meaning of this statute, for us to
talk about revolutions or what this man or
that man has said or decided. What has been
the act of the President is the question. The
law is plain. If the President shall appoint
or shall give a letter of authority or issue a
commission to any person, without the con-
sent of the Senate, he is guilty of—what? The
law says of a high misdemeanor. And, under
and by virtue of the Constitution, the Presi-
dent can be impeached—for what? Por high
crimes or misdemeanors. This law declares
the issuing a commisssion to, or giving a letter
of authority to, or appointing to or removing
from office, any person, without the advice and
consent of the Senate of the United States,
shall be a high misdemeanor, which is within
the meaning and within the pale of the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Now. what is the evidence presented to this
body by one of its committees? It is of this
character: The Secretary of War, Edwin M.
Stanton, has been declared by a solemn vote
of the Senate to be the Secretary of War, by
virtue of—what? By virtue of an appointment
to that office; by reason of the fact that An-
drew Johnson did not relieve him from office
when he had the right to present the name of
somebody else—soon after his taking the pres-
idential chair—not the right to turn him out,
but the right to nominate some one else to the
Senate and ask them to confirm him to that
office. That the President failed to do. Then,
acting under the provisions of this statute, the
President suspended Mr. Stanton as Secretary
of War, but the Senate passed upon that act,
and dccidcd that the reasons given by the
President for suspending Mr. Stanton were
not satisfactory; and accor-dingly, by virtue
of this law, Mr. Stanton was confirmed and
reinstated in his position as Secretary of War.
Now, all this having been done, it cannot
certainly be claimed that the President, in his
recent course in regard to Mr. Stanton, has
acted without any intention of violating the
law. Nor can it be claimcd that the President
is ignorant of the law. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] is too good a lawyer not
to be aware of the fact that the law presumes
every man to be acquainted with the laws.
That may be a violent presumption in the case
of Andrew Johnson, yet that is an axiom of the
law. [Laughter.]
That being, then, the presumption, that the
President knows the law, having been notified
by the Senate of its action and of the conse-
quent operation of the law, then if, in violation
of that same law, Andrew Johnson did issue an
order removing Secretary Stanton from the War
Office, and, in the language of this statute, did
"issue a letter of authority" to Lorenzo
Thomas to take possession of that office and
act as Secretary of War ad interim, I ask the
gentleman from Kentucky or any other lawyer
in this House to tell me, under this statute,
what has the President done ? Sir, he has vio-
lated its provisions, he has committed a high
misdemeanor. Look at the evidence and then
read the law. Here is the order furnished Gen-
eral Lorenzo Thomas. - If any man can read
this in connection with the law and come to
any other conclusion than that the President
is guilty I cannot undeistaud the workings of
his mind:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, February 21,186S.
Sir : Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been removed
from office as Socretary of tho Department of War,
you are heieby authoii/.ed and empowered to act as
Secretary of War ad interim, and will immediately
enter upon the discharge of the duties pertaining to
that oflice.
Mr. Slanton has been instructed to transfer to yon
all records, books, panel's, and other public property
intrusted to his chargc.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet Major General Lorknzo Thomas, Adju-
tant General United Slates Army, Washington, D. C.
Official copy respectfully furnished to Hon. Edwin
M.Stanton. L. THOMAS.
Secretary of War ad interim.
Here is the order showing the removal of
the Secretary of War, and a letter of authority
to General Lorenzo Thomas to act as Secre-
tary ad interim. Now, sir, again examine the
law and tell me if this order is not a palpable
and open violation of its provisions? The lan-
guage of the statute is :
"That every removal, appointment, or employ-
ment, made, had, or cxorcisetl, contrary to the pro-
visions of this act, andlhc making, signing, sealing,
countersigning, or issuing of any commission orletter
of authority lor or in respect to any such appoint-
ment or einplo> men t,shall be deemed, and are hereby
declared to be, hi^h mi.-demeanor.-:, and upon tual
and conviction thereof, every person guilty thereof
shall be punished by a line not exceeding $10,000, or
by imprisonment not exceeding live years, or both
said punishments, in the discretion of the court;
Provided, That the President shall have power to
make out and deliver, after the adjournment of the
Senate, commissions for all officers whose appoint-
ment shall have been advised and consented to by
the Senate."
Has Mr. Johnson, then, issued a letter of
authority? If he has, to whom? He did issue
a letter of authority to Lorenzo Thomas, and
that authority was to take possession of the
War Office; to assume the authority which had
been vested in Mr. Stanton; to take possession
of the books and papers, and to exercise the
functions of that office under and by virtue of
the laws and the Constitution as he himself had
construed them. This is the purport and mean-
ing of that letter of authority. That letter of
authority is in violation of this statute, and it
being in violation of the statute Mr. Johnson
is guilty of something. What is it? I ask gen-
tlemen to tell me of what he is guilty. Is it a
mere indiscretion? Is it a mere political trick?
No, sir. It is an open, palpable violation of
the statutes of the United States of America;
statutes plain upon their face, that have been
decided and passed upon in connection with
one of his own acts prior to this. He had
knowledge of the law; he had opposed the
enactment of the law. It having been enacted,
he has violated that law; he has tiamplcd it
under foot; he has appointed a man in viola-
tion of law; he has attempted to cause him to
exercise authority which the law did not war-
rant hiin in exercising. He did this as Pres-
ident of the United States, and he stands before
this country to-day a violator of public law, a-'
violator of a statute—subject to its pains and
its penalties in the samewayas any other indi-
vidual, having been criminal in his action—not
negligent, but acting criminally and inten-
tionally in violation of the laws of the country.
In view of this state of things it is your duty
and mine to decide—what? Not to^ decide
whether Andrew Johnson is a Republican or
a Democrat; not to decide whether he is this
man or that, but to decide the question whether
Andrew Johnson has violated that law. _ This
is the question before us. The question is not
whether in tho Mulligan case this or that
principle—having no bearing on the question
here involved—were decided. And when the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] tells
this House that the Supreme Court has de-
cided these reconstruction laws, and all laws
akin thereto, unconstitutional, I am only
sorry to see a man of his character stand up
in this House and make a statement which is
not borne out either in law, word, or spirit by
any decision that the Supreme Court has ever
made.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to correct him?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. If I said that the Supreme
Court had decided those acts unconstitutional,
I did not intend to say so. I intended to say
that that court had decided the great princi-
ples involved in those acts.
Mr. LOGAN. Ah, that is the great question
as to what principles were involved. [Laugh-
ter.] There is one thing very sure : the princi-
ple of this statute and its violation was not
involved; and the Milligan case has no bearing
upon this question whatever. The gentleman,
as a lawyer, must know that.
Now, let us examine this question a little
further. If I know anything about the rules
of law, (I do not claim to know more than
others,) the rule, according to the best legal
authority in this country is that when a man
is accused of a crime or a misdemeanor, you
first examine the fact of the violation of the
law; you then ask yourselves the question,
what was the intention of the party charged
with the offense ? The gentleman says there
must be an intentional violation of law. But
how do you arrive at the intention of a man
who violates a penal statute, who commits a
misdemeanor? I answer, from all the circum-
stances surrounding the perpetration of the
act, you gatfcer the intention of the perpetra-
tor. That is the established rule of law. Let
us see, then, whether the intention is in any
way embodied in this violation of law. Let
us see whether we cannot gather that inten-
tion from all the circumstances surrounding
this act, of violation of the law?
In gathering the evidence of the President's
intention, I may be permitted (as every one
else has been allowed a wide range in this de-
bate) to go back and examine his previous
eourse. I say that of the various laws passed
by the Congress of the United States for the
purpose of reorganizing, reconstructing, or re-
habilitating the disloyal and disrupted States
with robes of Unionism, and giving them again
a seat in the family of States, not one has been
passed by the Congress of the United States
that Andrew Johnson has not laid his ruthless
hand upon and obstructed in its effort to work
out the liberties and the high destiny of the
American people. Not one act has been
passed by your Congress in the direction of
peace, union, and prosperity, that he has not
vetoed; and when passed over his veto, by a
constitutional majority, that he has not at-
tempted to prevent the execution of the same.
He has advised and encouraged rebels and
traitors in tho South to disobey the la«vs; he
