THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
but so clamorous and indignant were tlie peo-
ple over such legislation that they broke it
down ; and the consequence has been, so un-
popular was it, that Congress has not ventured
to pass a law upon the subject of libel against
the Government or any department from that
day to this. It has been reserved for the House
of Representatives, through its Managers, to
renew the practice in a more objectionable
form. And I take it upon myself to suggest
that before we are to be condemned in a court
of impeachment wo shall have some law upon
the subject; and I have ventured to draw up,
and I shall close my examination of this par-
ticular question by presenting to you the draft
of a bill which I have made on article ten of
this impeachment. It should have a preamble,
of course. I will proceed to read it:
Whereas it is highly improper for the President of
the United States or any other officer of the execu-
tive department or of any department to say any-
thing tending to bring ridicule or contempt upon
the Congress of the United States, or to impair the
regard of the good people of the United States for
the Congress and the legislative power thereof,
(which all officers of the Government ought inviola-
bly to preserve and maintain;) and whereas (quot-
ing in part from an argument of tho Managers) the
dignity of station, the proprieties of position, the
courtesies of office, all of which arc a part of the
common law of the land, require the President of
the United States to observe tliat gravity of deport-
ment, that fitness of conduct, that appropriateness
of demeanor, and those amenities of behavior which
are a part of his high official functions; and whereas
he stands before the youth of the country as the
exemplar of all that is of worth in ambition, or that
is to be sought in aspiration, and before the men of
tho country as a grave magistrate, and before the
world as tho representative of free institutions ; and
whereas it is the duty of Congress, and especially of
the House of Representatives, as the fountain of
national dignity, to lay down rules of decorum, and
to regulate the manners and etiquette proper for
this and every other high officer of the Government:
Therefore,
Be it enacted, d~c., That if the President or any other
officer shall say anything displeasing to Congress, or
either branch thereof, or shall in any addresses, ex-
temporaneous or written, which he may be required
to make in responso to calfs from the peoplo, say
anything tending to impair the regard of the peoplo
for Congress, or either Branch thereof, or if he shall
use any unintelligible phrases, such as that " Con-
gress is a body hanging as it were on the verge of the
Government," or say that it is "a Congress of only a
part of the States," because ten States are not repre-
sented therein; or if he shall charge it in such ad-
dresses with encroaching upon constitutional rights,
however he may think; or if he shall misquote or
carelessly quote the sacred Scriptures, or m any of
said extemporaneous addresses use bad grammar,
then, and in either of such cases, he shall be guilty
of a high misdemeanor, and upon trial and conviction
thereof shall be fined in any sum not exceeding $10,000,
or imprisoned not exceeding ten years. [Laughter.]
That is article ten. [Laughter.]
The next, and last, is article eleven. Sen-
ators, I have discussed article eleven already
with the exception of one single feature, and that
is the part of it which charges obstruction or
interference with the law for the reconstruc-
tion of the rebel States. That is the only fea-
ture in article eleven I have not fully answered
in the remarks I have made in connection with
other articles. Now, what shall I say of that?
I am glad, Senators, that I have nothing to say
upon the subject. What testimony has the
prosecution offered in support of that charge?
They offer this single testimony, and no other:
a telegram from Parsons, and a reply from the
President, dated in the January preceding the
March when the law was passed. Need I pause
upon such proof of the violation or obstruction
of a thing not iti esse when the act was done?
We heard a magnificent oration from one
of the honorable Managers two days ago; but
the defect of it was, it had nothing to sup-
port it. He made his magnificent oration,
sounding with sonorous sentences through
this Hall, for about three hours, on that tele-
gram of January 15, 1867, which was sent two
months before the law was passed. That is all
the proof. If we intend to judge this case upon
proof here presented, that is all the proof he
had for a large portion of his speech.
Now, Senators, I have gone over this case as
far as I intend to do in my condition, though
not so far as I proposed to do when I prepared
my brief. But I know I am to be followed by
a gentleman who will go over it step by step,
article by article, in all probability, and there-
fore I feel the more safe in omitting a part of
what I have prepared to say and what under
other circumstances I should have been glad
to say. I stand now beyond article eleven, be-
yond all the articles, and I ask you to look
back with me upon the case. What questions
are involved in it? I am happy to be able to
say that there is no political question; that there
is no party question. I was glad, the defense
was glad, the counsel were glad of the opportu-
nity of relieving you from the embarrassment
of any such questions. The questions presented
are these:
1. Where is the power of removal lodged
by the Constitution ?
2. Is Stanton covered by the civil-tenure act?
3. Could the President make an ad interim
appointment?
4. Did he do anything mischievous in his
interview with General Emory?
And then there is this matter of the liberty
of speech, which, I apprehend, nobody intends
to take on his back and carry as a heavy load
for the rest of his life, so that we have no
political questions here. I am glad it is so.
They are dry questions of practice and of law ;
one of them the oldest question in the history
of the Government. And on this statement
of the case, when you strip it of all tho verbi-
age and rumor and talk of every kind, stand-
ing almost naked upon a few technical propo-
sitions, upon such a case we ask your judgment
of acquittal. We are entitled to it beyond all
peradventure. It almost shocks me to think
that the President of the United States is to bo
dragged out of his office on these miserable
little questions, whether he could make an
ad interim appointment for a single day, or
whether in anything he did there was so great
a crime that you should break the even flow
of the Administrations of the country, disturb
the quiet of the people, and impair their con-
fidence in a great degree in the stability of their
Government; that you should, in a word, take
possession of the Executive, and, what is worse
and most unfortunate in the condition of things,
empty the office and lill it with one of your
own number. Not on this case. Surely not
on this case, Senators. I cannot understand
how such a thing can possibly be done. How
miserable is this ease I An ad interim appoint-
ment for a single day, an attempt to remove
Edwin M. Stanton, who stood defiantly, and,
right or wrong, had destroyed the harmony and
unity of the Cabinet. 1 do not speak in censure
of Mr. Stanton—such is the fact. That is all!
Senators, we have been referred to a great
many precedents. I heard one of the honor-
able Managers talk two days ago about Charles
I, and we have had abundance of precedents
submitted on the subject of expediency arid
things like that; policy, if you please, as if
this were a measure and not a trial. We have
nothing to do with measures in the high court
of impeachment. You are trying the defend-
ant on the charges set forth in these articles
and upon the proof offered from the witness-
stand, and upon nothing else. I, too, can
point to those precedents to which the gentle-
men have called your attention—the miserable
precedents which they have brought up on the
subject of impeachment, even from centuries
back; and they are to me, as they should be
to all of us, not examples for imitation, but
"beacon lights to warn us from the dangerous
rocks on which they are kindled." Let us
shun all unnecessary violence. As we sow, so
shall we reap; like begets like; violence, vio-
lence, and the practice of to-day shall be the
precedent for to-morrow.
What shall be your judgment? What is to
be your judgment, Senators, in this case?
Removal from office and perpetual disqualifi-
cation? If the President has committed that
for which he should be ejected from office it
were judicial mockery to stop short of the
largest disqualification you can impose. It
will be a heavy judgment. What is his crime,
in its moral aspects, to merit such a judgment?
Let us look at it.
He tried to pluck a thorn out of his very
heart, for the condition of things in th.e War
Department, and consequently in his Cabinet,
did paiahim as a thorn in his heart. You fas-
tened it there, and you are now asked to pun-
ish him for attempting to extract it. What
more? He made an ad interim appointment
to last for a single day. You could have term-
inated it whenever you saw fit. You had only
to take up the nomination which he sent to
you, which was a good nomination, and act
upon it and the ad interim appointment van-
ished like smoke. He'had no idea of fastening
it upon the Department. He had no intention
to do anything of that kind. He merely pro-
posed that for the purpose, if the opportunity
should occur, of subjecting this law to a con-
stitutional test. That is aii the purpose it was
to answer. It is all for which it was intended.
The thing was in your hand from the beginning
to the end. You had only to act upon the
nomination, and the matter was settled.
Surely that is no crime.
I point you to the cases that have occurred
of ad interim appointment after ad interim
appointment; but I point especially to the
case of Mr. Holt where the Senate in its legis-
lative capacity examined it, weighed it, de-
cided upon it, heard the report of the Presi-
dent, and received it as satisfactory. That is,
for the purposes of this trial, before the same
tribunal res adjudicata, I think, and it will be
so regarded.
What else did he do? He talked with an
officer about the law. That is the Emory arti-
cle. He made intemperate speeches, though
full of honest, patriotic sentiments ; when re-
viled he should not revile again, when smitten
upon one cheek he should turn the other.
But,, says the gentleman who spoke last on
behalf of the Managers, he tried to defeat pa-
cification and restoration. I deny it in the
sense in which he presented it—that is, as a
criminal act. Here, too, he followed prece-
dent and trod the path on which were the foot-
prints of Lincoln, and which was bright with
the radiance of his divine utterance, "charity
for all, malice toward none." He was eager
for pacification. He thought that the war was
ended. The drumswereall silent; the arsenals
were all shut; the roar of the cannon had died
away to the last reverberations; the armies
were disbanded ; not a single enemy confronted
us in the field. Ah, he was too eager, too for-
giving, too kind. The hand of conciliation
was stretched out to him and he took it. It
may be he should have put it away, but was it
a crime to take it? Kindness, forgiveness a
crime? Kindness a crime? Kindness is omnip-
otent for good, more powerful than gunpowder
or cannon. Kindness is statesmanship. Kind-
ness is the high statesmanship of heaven itself.
Tho thunders of Sinai do but terrify and dis-
tract; alone they accomplish little; it is tho
kindness of Calvary that subdues and pacifies.
What shall I say of this man? He is no
theorist; he is no reformer; I have looked
over his life. He has ever walked in beaten
paths, and by th« light of the Constitution.
The mariner, tempesttossed at mid-sea, does not
more certainly turn to his star forguidance than
does this man in trial and difficulty to the star
of the Constitution. He loves the Constitu-
tion. It has been the study of his life. He is
not learned and scholarly, like many of you ;
he is not a man of many ideas or of much
speculation; but by a law of the mind he is
only the truer to that he does know. He is a
patriot, second to no one of you in the measure
of his patriotism. He loves his country; he may
be full of error; 1 will not canvass now his
views; but he loves his country; lie has the
courage to defend it, and I believe to die for it,
if need be. His courage and his patriotism
are not without illustration.
My colleague [Mr. Nelson] referred the
other day to the scenes which occurred in this
Chamber when he alone of twenty-two Sen-
ators remained; even his State seceded, but
he remained. That was a trial of his patriot-
ism, of which many of you, by reason of your
locality your and life-long association, know
