1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3403
gallon on what is now in bond, and that would j
give you $50,000,000. I
My opinion is we should make it twenty-five :
cents per gallon and collect it at the distillery. :
Then you collect it on all that is made, and
you would have more revenue than you get in
the way it is running now. I am satisfied that
the chairman ot' the Committee of Ways and
Means is as well acquainted with the whisky
question as any gentleman on this floor, be-
cause he is surrounded by distilleiies in his
district, where there are more ofihetn, perhaps,
than in any other district in the United States.
I have a high appreciation of his opinion on
this question. But, sir, 1 am satisfied the
country is running to ruin by letting the present
system run on in the way it is going, and 1 advise
the chairman of the committee to get this bill
out of the Committee of the Whole as soon as
possible, with the tax fixed at twenty-five cents
a gallon, or at all events reducing it; lam not
particular as to the exact amount; put the pre-
vious question onit,and pass itas soon as pos-
sible. Hundreds of thousands of dollars are
being stolen every day while we are debating
this subject. 1 am satisfied that the machinery
is as good as it can be, and 1 wish tS have the
vote taken as soon as possible. If I cannot
get the tax reduced to twenty-five cents I will
agree to thirty, fifty, or even sixty cents. But
I prefer it should be twenty-five cents.
[Here the hammer fell.] I
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw the amendment I
to allow the gentleman from Massachusetts to |
renew it.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I renew the amendment
not because 1 favor it, but for the purpose of
objecting to the policy of reducing the tax
materially below the report of the committee.
It is useless to suppose that the reduction of
the tax even to twenty cents will operate very
essentially in the way of deterring persons from
attempting to defraud the revenue. These
attempts were inaugurated when the tax was
twenty cents, and they will be renewed and
persevered in even if you put it at twenty
cents. At present the object to be looked at
is to raise Irom the tax on distilled spirits money
enough alter making due allowances for such
frauds as will be committed to enable the
Government to go on without returning to the
taxation of those articles which have been
exempted by previous legislation. Assuming
that we can collect the tax on eighty million
gallons, as we might with honest and efficient
public officers, at sixty or seventy cents a gal-
lon. we have a revenue of fifty or sixty million
dollars a year from distilled spirits, and this
revenue is needed to enable the country to avoid
getting into debtor imposing taxes on articles
already exempt.
The point to which I wish to direct the atten-
tion of the committee is this: that we cannot
be justified before the people of this country
in reducing the tax below the revenue wants
of the Government without making another
effort to collect it at that point. We abandon
the tax of two dollars a gallon because it has
proved, under the circumstances that exist,
impracticable to collect it; but we are not
justified in putting the tax below the revenue
wants of the country until an effoit shall have
been made, extending beyond the term of the i
present administration of the Government,
when we hope to have our revenue laws better
administered than they are to-day. If we put
the tax below fifty cents we certainly shall be
deficient in the necessary revenue to carry on
the Government, and 1 think there is the piv-
otal point upon which we should legislate at
this lime. 1 do not accept the theory that even
at twenty cents you will drive distilling back
to the grain-growing districts. Unless the tax
is collected in the maritime ports, if it is col-
lectf-d in the grain-growing district, it will be
cheaper to send the grain to New York and
other maritime ports where there are oppor-
tunities of defrauding the Government and
evading the payment of the tax and nianutac-
ture the whisky there than to manufacture it
in the West and pay the tax there.
There is another point upon which I wish to
remark, and I make the remarks now, because
I intend, if I do not change my views on
further examination, to offer an amendment
to the report of the committee, unless the com-
mittee shall see fit to propose it themselves,
which I should much prefer, to separate by
law, and in the license granted, the business of
distilling for export and for the manufacture
of medicine from the general business of dis-
tilling in the country, so that transportation in
bond shall be limited to the product of those
distilleries that are licensed for the purpose of
engaging in the business of manufacturing for
export only. The great frauds upon the rev-
enue heretofore have been in consequence of
the transportation bonds being violated. The
business of manufacturing for export will be
from four to five million gallons a year. That
will employ a certain number of distilleries.
Those distilleries cannot have a monopoly of
the business because they come in competition
with the foreign distiller who also manufactures
for export to the consuming countries of the
world.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. It was my purpose to
make some reply to the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe,]
but the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Boctwei.l,] although renewing that amend-
ment, has submitted to the House most of the
views, anticipating mine, against its adoption.
I was going to put my opposition to the amend-
ment mainly upon the gound of the question
of revenue which it involves. In their anxiety
to bring about a wholesome condition ot things,
as it is supposed, in the collection of the tax
on whisky, so as to prevent evasion and frauds,
gentlemen must take care that in their under-
bidding of each other they do not come to a
point, where we shall cease to have that revenue
which we ought to have and which we must
have from whisky, tobacco, and articles of this
kind, unless we are to be thrown back upon
oppressive taxes to be imposed upon other
industrial pursuits.
Now, sir, I suppose the production of dis-
tilled spirits to be from eighty to ninety million
gallons. The whole tax imposed by the pro-
posed bill, then, will scarcely bring the amount
of tax up to the $70,000,000 estimated by the
Committee of ffajs and Means as being neces-
sary in order to help out the other taxes tor
the support of the Government.
But if the proposition should prevail to reduce
the tax to thirty-five cents instead of sixty cents,
including these indirect taxes as a part of the
fifty cents, which is assumed to be all that is
necessary in the aggregate, we should get below
that standard, even if we collected the whole
tax, and there must necessarily be a deficiency
of some twenty, thirty, or forty millions, prob-
ably about thirty millions. I believe, sir, that
something equivalent to that which is proposed
by the committee can, if enacted into a law,
be enforced, and that up to that point we can,
with reasonable certainty, count upon a collec-
tion ofthe taxes.
But the gentleman from Wisconsin is wrons;,
it seems to me, in another proposition. He
counts as a part of his fifty cents this three,
four, or five per cent, ou the aggregate of the
wholesale and retail dealers' sales. I hat is
nothing to the distiller. That isa tax imposed
upon the trade in this article after it has been
produced and has passed out upon the market
of the'eountry, and therefore it is not fairly to
be counted as a part ofthe fifiy cents.
My colleague [Mr. Eggi.estox] complains
that we have not adopted a system suggested
by him at some former time, ot farming out
the tax. AH I have to say on that point is
that under the Governments of some ot the
eastern countries this system of farming out
taxes has been tried, and being made a matter
of individual speculation has become so hate-
ful that even the submissive people of those
countries have risen against it. If we should
attempt in this country to let a body of private
individuals have the benefit of some fifty, sixty,
or eighty millions of taxation upon assumingto •
collect the tax and pay a certain amount to
the Government., I would not give the snap of
my linger for the lives of the agents employed '
in collecting that tax. Our people would never
submit to anything of the kind. Quieter,
more submissive people than ours are not dis-
posed to submit to that mode of collecting
taxes. I therefore hold such a system^o be
entirely out ofthe question.
We are now endeavoring to impose and
arrange our taxes in such a way as in the aggre-
gate to raise sufficient revenue for the purposes
ofthe Government; and 1 think the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means are not much out of
the way in the figures which they submit.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire that the debate
upon this particular section shall be brought
to a close, gentlemen having been heard pretty
generally all around; and unless the commit-
tee will give unanimous consent 1 will move
that the committee rise in order to terminate
debate in twenty minutes. 'There are, I be-
live, no other amendments to be offered requir-
ing discussion, excepting one which 1 think a
very good one ; but 1 will confine my propo-
sition to closing debate upon the particular
subject of the amount ot'the direct tax. I ask
unanimous consent that debate oil that ques-
tion be closed in twenty minutes.
Mr. TNGISRSOLL. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, then, that the
committee rise for the purpose of terminating
debate.
Oil the motion there were—ayes 69, noes 30.
So the moiion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, pursuant to the
order ofthellouse, had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 1284, to change
and more effectually secure the collection of
internal taxes on distilled spiiits and tobacco,
and to amend the tax on banks, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move that when the
House shall again resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union
upon the special order, all debate upon the
amount of direct tax on distilled spirits shall
terminate in twenty minutes.
Mr. INGELISOLL. Say thirty minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the importuni-
ties of a great many gentlemen, and modify my
motion so as to limit debate to thirty minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
message fbom thk pkesidknt.
A message in writing from the President
ofthe United States was presented by Mr. W.
G. Moore, his Private Secretary.
internal tax bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itselt
into Committee of the Whole on the State of
the Union, and resume the consideration of the
internal tax bill.
The motion was agreed to : and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Blaixe in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being the bill
(H. 11. No. 1284) to change^ and more effect-
ually secure tho collection of internal taxes ou
distilled spirits and tobacco, and to amend the
tax on banks.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
i all debate on the question of fixing the amount
! of taxation per gallon oil distilled spirits vyill
\ terminate in thirty minutes. The pending
I question is upon the amendment ot the gen-
1 tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bodtweu..]
| Mr. BOUTWELL. I withdraw the amend-
; ment. , .
Mr. COYODE. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
renew the amendment offered some tfme ago
by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. "ilkJ to
|! strike out " sixty'' and insert" forty, so as to
li make the amount of the tax forty cents per
