THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
321
simply to political offenses—to persons holding
political positions, either by appointment or
election by the people.
'Thus it is apparent that no crime containing
malignant, or indictable offenses higher than
misdemeanors was necessary either to be al-
leged or proved. If the respondent was shown
to be abusing his official trust to the injury of
the people for whom he was discharging pub-
lic duties, and persevered in such abuse to (he
injury of his constituents, the true mode of
dealing with him was to impeach him for crimes
or misdemeanors, (and only the latter is neces-
sary,) and thus remove him from the office
which he was abusing. Nor does it make a j
particle of difference whel her such abuse arose |
from malignity, from unwarranted negligence, I
or from depravity, so repeated as to make his
continuance in office injurious to the people
and dangerous to the public welfare.
The punishment which the law, under our
Constitution, authorizes to be inflicted fully
demonstrates this argument: that punishment
upon conviction extends only to removal from
office, and if the crime or misdemeanor charged
be one of a deep and wicked dye the culprit
is allowed to run at large, unless he should be
pursued by a now prosecution in the ordinary
courts. What does it matter, then, what the
motive of the respondent might be in his re-
peated acts of malfeasance in office? Mere
mistake in intention, if so persevered in after
proper warning as to bring mischief upon the
community, is quite sufficient to warrant the
removal of the officer from the place where
he is working mischief by his continuance in
power.
The only question to be considered is : is
the respondent violating the law? His perse-
verance in such a violation, although it shows
a perverseness, is not absolutely necessary to
his conviction. The great object is _the re-
moval from office and the arrest of the public
injuries which he is inflicting upon those with
whose interests he is intrusted.
The single charge which I had the honor to
suggest I am expected to maintain. That
duly is a light one, easily performed, and
•which, I apprehend, it will be found impossible
for the respondent to answer or evade.
When Andrew Johnson took upon himself
the duties of his high office he swore to obey
the Constitution and take care that the laws be
faithfully executed. That, indeed, is and has
always been the chief duty of the President of
the United States. The duties of legislation
and adjudicating the laws of his country fall
in no way to his lot. To obey the commands
of the sovereign power of the nation, and to
see that others should obey them, was his
whole duty—a duty which he could not escape,
and any attempt to do so would be in direct
violation of his official oath ; in other words,
a misprision of perjury.
I accuse him, in the name of the House of
Representatives, of having perpetrated that
foul offense against the laws and interests of
his country.
On the 2d day of March, 1867, Congress
passed a law, over the veto of the President,
entitled "An act to regulate the tenure of cer-
tain civil offices," the first section of which is
as follows:
" JJc it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
ative? of the United States of Ameriea ia Congress as-
sembled, That every person holding any ci vil office
to which he has been appointed by and with the ad-
vice andconsentof the Senate, and every person who
may heieafter be appointed to any such office and
?hafl heeome duly qualified to act therein, is and
ehall be entitled to hold such office until a successor
shall have been m like manner appointed and duly
qualified, exeopt as herein otherwise provided: Pro-
vided, That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury,
of War, of the iMavy, and of the Interior, the Post-
master General, and the Attorney General, shall
hold their offices respcctivelyfor and during theterm
of the President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed, and for one month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate."
The second section provides that when the
Senate is not in session, if the President shall
deem the officer guilty of acts which require
his removal or suspension, he may be sus-
Rl'PI'JJSMENT—21.
pended until the next meeting of the Senate ;
and that within twenty days after the meeting
of the Senate the reasons for such suspension
shall be reported to that body : and, if the
Senate shall deem such reasons sufficient for
such suspension or removal, the officer shall
be considered removed from his office ; but if
the Senate shall not deem the reasons sufficient
for such suspension or removal, the officer shall
forthwith resume the functions of his office,
and the person appointed in his place shall
ceasc to discharge such duties.
On the 12th day of August, 1807, the Senate
then not being in session, the President sus
pended Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of the
Department of War, and appointed (J. S.
Grant, General, Secretary of War ad interim.
On the 12th day of December, 1807, the Sen-
ate being then in session, he reported, accord-
ing to the requirements of the act, the causes
of such suspension to the Senate, which duly
took the same into consideration. Before the
Senate had concluded its examination of the
question of the sufficiency of such reasons ho
attempted to enter into arrangements by which
he might obstruct the due execution of the
law, and thus prevent Edwin M. Stanton from
forthwith resuming the functions of his office
as Secretary of War, according to the provis-
ions of the act, even if the Senate should
decide in his favor.
And in furtherance of said attempt, on the
21st-day of February, 1808, he appointed one
Lorenzo Thomas, by letter of authority or com-
mission, Secretary of War ad interim, without
the advice and consent of the Senate, although
the same was then in session, and ordered him
(the said Thomas) to take possession of the
Department of War and the public property
appertaining thereto, and to discharge the du-
ties thereof.
We charge that, in defiance of frequent
warnings, he has since repeatedly attempted
to carry those orders into execution, and to
prevent Edwin M. Stanton from executing the
laws appertaining to the Department of War
and from discharging the duties of the office.
The very able gentleman who argued this
case for the respondent has contended that
Mr. Stanton's case is not within the provisions
of the act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices, and that therefore the President
cannot be convicted of violating that act. His
argument in demonstrating that position was
not, I think, quite equal to his sagacity in dis-
covering where the great strength of the prose-
cution was lodged. He contended that the
proviso which embraced the Secretary of War
did not include Mr. Stanton, because he was
not appointed by the President in whose term
the acts charged as misdemeanors were per-
petrated ; and in order to show that, he con-
tended that the term of office mentioned dur-
ing which he was entitled to hold meant the
time during which the President who ap-
pointed him actually did hold, whether dead
or alive ; that Mr. Lincoln, who appointed
Mr. Stanton, and under whose commission he
was holding indefinitely, being dead, his term
of office referred to had expired, and that Mr.
Johnson was not holding during a part of that
term. That depends upon the Constitution and
the laws made under it. By the Constitution,
the whole time from the adoption of the Gov-
ernment was intended to be divided into equal
presidential periods, and the word "term"
was technically used to designate the time of
each. The first section of the second article
of the Constitution provides—
"That the executive power shall be vested in a
President of the United States of America, ileshall
hold his office dining the term of four years, aud
together with thoVice President, chosen for thesame
term, be elected as follows," &e.
Then it provides that—
"In eases of removal from office, or of his death,
lesignati'ou, or inability to discharge the duties of
said office, the same shall devolve on the "Vice Pres-
ident, and Congress may by law provide for the case
of removal, death, resignation, or inability both
of the President and Vice President, designating
what officer shall then act as President, and such
officer shall act accordingly until the disability be
removed or a President shall be elected."
The learned counsel contends that the Vice
President, who accidentally accedes to the
duties of President, is serving out a new pres-
idential term of his own, and that, unless Mr.
Stanton was appointed by him, he is not within
the provisions of the act. It happened that
Mr. Stanton was appointed by Mr. Lincoln
in 1802 for an indefinite period of time, and
was still serving as his appointee, by and with
the adviee. and consent of the Senate. Mr.
Johnson never appointed him, and, unless he
held a valid commission by virtue of Mr. Lin-
coln's appointment, he was acting for three
years, during which time he expended billions
of money and raised hundreds of thousands of
men, without any commission at all. To per-
mit this to be done without any valid commis-
sion would have been a misdemeanor in itself.
But if he held a valid commission, whose com-
mission was if ? Not Andrew Johnson's. Then
in whose term was he serving, foi he must have
been in somebody's term? Even if it was in
Johnson's term, ho ivould hold for four years
unless sooner removed, for there is no term
spoken of in the Constitution of a shorter
period for a presidential term than four years.
But it makes no difference in the operation
of the law whether ho was holding in Lincoln's
or Johnson's term. Wasitnotin Mr. Lincoln's
term? Lincoln had been elected and reelected,
the second term to commence in 3 805, and the
Constitution expressly declared that that term
should be four years.
By virtue of his previous commission and
the uniform custom of the country, Mr. Stanton
continued to hold during the term of Mr. Lin-
coln, unless sooner removed. Now, does any
one pretend that from the 4th of March, I860,
a new presidential term did not commence?
For it will be seen upon close examination that
the word " term" alone marks the time of the
presidential existence, so that it may divide
the different periods of office by a well recog-
nized rule. Instead of saying that the Vice
President shall become President upon his
death the Constitution says:
"In case of theremoval of tho President from office,
or of his death, resignation, or inability to discharge
the /tomcrs ami duties of tho &aid office, thesame shall
devolve on the Vice President."
What is to devolve on the Vice President 'i
Not the presidential commission held by his
predecessor, but the ''duties" which were
incumbent on him. If he were to take Mr.
Lincoln's term he would serve for four years,
for term is the only limitation to that office,
defined in the Constitution, as I have said
before. But the learned counsel has contended
that the word " term" of the presidential office
means the death of the President, Then it
would have been better expressed by saying
that the President shall hold his office during
the term between two assassinations, and then
the assassination of the President would marij
the period of the operations of this law.
If, then, Mr. Johnson was serving out one
of Mr. Lincoln's terms, there seems to be no
argument against including Mr. Stanton within
the meaning of the law. He was so included
by the President in his notice of removalj in
his reasons therefor given to the Senate, and in
his notification to the Secretary of, the Treas*
ury ; and it is too late, when he is caught vip-
lating the very law' under which he professes
to act, to turn round and deny that that law
affeets the case. The gentleman treats lightly
the question of estoppel; and yet really nothing
is more powerful, for it is an argument by the
party himself against himself, and although
not pleadable in the same way is just as poten-
tial in a case in pais as when pleaded in a ease
of record.
But there is a still more conclusive answer.
The first section provides that every person
-holding civil office who has been appointed
with the advice and consent of the Senate,, and
every person that hereafter shall be appointed
to any such office, shall be entitled to hold such
office until a successor shall have been-in like
manner appointed and duly qualified,' except
as herein otherwise provided. Then comes the
