1358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
distinct expression of the public voice, that I should
now apprise you of the resolution I have formed to
declino being considered among the number of those
out of whom a choice is to be made.
I beg you, at the same time, to do mo the justice to
be assured that this resolution has not been taken
without a strict regard to all the considerations ap-
pertaining to the relation which binds a dutiful citi-
zen to his country; and that, in withdrawing the
tender of service which silence, in my situation, might
imply, I am influenced by no diminution of zeal for
your future interest, no deficiency of grateful respect
for your past kindness, but am supported by a full
conviction that the step is compatible with both.'
Thoaceeptanceof and continuance hitherto in the
officeto which yoursuffrages have twice called inehave
been auniform. sacrifice of inclination to the opinion of
duty and to a deference of what appeared to be your
desire. I constantly hoped that it would have been
much earlier in my power, consistently with motives
which I was not at liberty to disregard, to return to
that retirement from which I had boen reluctantly
drawn. The strength of my inclination to do this,
previous to the last election, had even led to the prep-
aration of an address to declare it to you; but ma-
ture reflection on the then perplexed and critical
posture of our affairs with foreign nations and the
unanimous advice of persons entitled to my confi-
dence impelled me to abandon the idea.
I rejoico that tho state of your concerns, external
as well as internal, no longer renders tho pursuit of
inclination incompatible with the sentiment of duty
or propriety; and am persuaded, whatever partiality
may be retained for my services, that, in the present
c'ircumstancesof our country, youwillnotdisapprove
my determination to retire.
The impressions with which I first undertook tho
arduous trust were explained on tho propcroccasion.
In the discharge of this trust 1 will only say that I
have, with good intentions, contnbuted towaid the
organization and administration of the Government
the best exertions of which a very fallible judgment
was capable. Not unconscious in tho outset of tho
inferiority of my qualifications, experience, in my
own eyos—perhaps still more in the eyes of others-
has strengthened the motives to diffidence of myself;
and eveiy day the increasing weight of years admon-
ishes me more and more that the shade of retirement
is as necessary to mo as it will be welcome. Satisfied
that if any circumstanccs have given peculiar value
to my services they were temporary, I have tho con-
solation to believe that, whilo choice and prudence
invito me to quit tho political scene patriotism does
not forbid it.
In looking forward to the moment which is in-
tended to terminate the career of my public life, my
feelings do not permit me to suspend the deep
acknowledgment of that debt of gratitude which I
owe to my beloved country for tho many honors it
has conferred upon me; still more for the steadfast
confidence with which it iiassupportednic; and for the
opportunities I have thence enjoyed of manifesting
my inviolable attachment, by services faithful and
porsevering, though in usefulness unequal to ray zeal,
if benefits have resulted to our country from these
services, let it always be remembered to your praise,
and as an instructive examplo in our annals, that,
under circumstances in which the passions, agitated
in every direction, were liable to mislead; amidst
appearances sometimes dubious, vicissitudes of for-
tune often discouraging; in situations in which, not
unfrequcntly, want of success has countenanced tho
spirit of criticism—the constancy of your support was
the essential prop of the efforts and a guarantee of
the plans by which they were effected. Profoundly
penetrated with this idea, 1 shall carry it with mo to
my grave as a strong incitement to unceasing vows,
that Heaven may continue to you the choicest tokens
of it3 beneficence; that your union and brotherly
affection maybe perpetual; that the free Constitu-
tion, which is the work of your hands, may be sacredly
maintained; that its administration in everydepart-
ment may be stamped with wisdom and virtue: that,
in lino, the happiness of the people of these States,
under the auspices of liberty, may he made complete,
by so careful a preservation and so piudcnt a u?c of
this blessing as will acquire to them the glory of
recommending it to the applause, the affection, and
the adoption of every nation which is yet a stranger
to it.
Ilere, perhaps, I ought to stop; but a solicitudefor
your welfaro which cannot end but with my lite, and
the apprehension of danger natuial to that soli-
citude, urge me, on an occasion like the present, to
oiler to your solemn contemplation and to recom-
mend to your frequent review Mime sentiments which
arc the result of much reflection of no mconsiderablo
observation, and which appear to me all-important
to tho permanency ot your leliciiy a-s apeople. These
will be afforded to you with the moi o fieedom, as you
can only sec in them the disinterested warnings of a.
parting friend, who can possibly have no personal
motive to bias his counsel; nor can 1 forget, as an
encouragement to it, your iadi'lgont reception of my
sentiments on a former and not dissimilar occasion.
Interwoven as is tho love ot liberty with every lig-
ament of your hearts, no recommendation of mine is
necessary to fortify or confirm the attachment.
The unity of government, which constitutes you
one people, is also now dear to yon. It is justly so;
for it is a main pillar in the edifice of your real inde-
pendence—the support of your tranquillity at home,
your peace abroad, of your safety, of your prosperity,
of that very liberty which you so highly prize. But
as it is easy to foresee that, from different causes
and from different quarters, much pains will be taken,
many artifices employed, to weaken in your minds
the conviction of this truth; as this is tho point m
your political fortress against which the batteries of
internal and external enemies will be most con-
stantly and actively (though often covertly and in-
sidiously) directed, it is of infinite moment that you
should properly estimate the immense value of your
national Union to your collective and individual
happiness; that you should cherish a cordial, habit-
ual, and immovable attachment to it; accustoming
yourselves to think and speak of it as of tho palla-
dium of your political safety and prosperity; watch-
ing for its preservation with jealous anxiety; dis-
countenancing whatever may suggest even a suspicion
that it can, in any event, bo abandoned; and indig-
nantly frowning upon the first dawning of every
attempt to alienate any portion of our country from
tho rest or to enfeeble the sacred ties which now
link together the various parts.
For this you have every inducement of sympathy
and interest. Citizens by birth or choice of a com-
mon country, that country has a right to concentrate
your affections. Tho name of American, which be-
longs to you in your national capacity, must always
ex a it iho just pride of patriotism more than any
appellation derived from local discriminations. With
slight shades of difference, you have tho same reli-
gion, manners, habits, and political principles. You
have, in a common cause, fought and triumphed
together; the independence and liberty you possess
aie tho work of joint counsels and joint efforts, of
common dangers, sufferings, a.nd successes.
But these considerations, however powerfully they
address themselves to your sensibility, are greatly
outweighed by those which apply more immediately
to your interest; here every portion of our country
finds the most commanding motives for carefully
guarding and preserving the union of the whole.
Tho North,in an unrestrained intercourse with the
South, protected by the equal laws of a common Gov-
ernment, finds in tho productions of tho latter groat
additional resources of maritime and commercial
enterprise and precious materials of manufacturing
industry. The South, in thesamo intercourse, bene-
fiting by tho agency of tho North, sees its agriculture
grow and its commerce expand. Turning partlyinto
its own channels tho seamen of the North, it finds
its particular navigation invigorated; and, whilo it
contributes in different ways toitourishand incrcaso
the geneial mass of the nationafnavigation, it looks
forward to tho protection of a maritime strength to
which itself is unequally adapted. Tho East, in like
intercourse with tho West, already finds, and, in tho
progressive improvement of interior communication
by land and water, will more and more find, a valu-
able vent for the commodities which it brings from
abroad or manufactures at home. The Westdorives
from the East supplies requisite to its growth and
comfort; and, what is perhaps of still greater conse-
quence, it must, of necessity, owe the secure enjoy-
ment of indispensable outlets for its own productions
to the weight, influence, and the future maritime
strength of the Atlantic side.of the Union, directed
by an indissoluble community of interest as one
nation. Any other tenure by which the West can
hold this essential advantage, whether derived from
its own separate strength or from an apostate and
unnatural connection with any foreign Power, must
be intrinsically precarious.
While, then, every part of our country thus feels
an immediate and particular interest in union, all
tho parts combined cannot fail to find, in tho united
mass of means and efforts, greater strength, greater
resource, proportionally gi eater security from exter-
nal danger, a less frequent interruption of their peaco
by foreign nations; and,whatisofinestimablevalue,
thoymuat derive from union an exemption from those
broils and. wars .between themselves which so fre-
quently a fliiot neighboring countries not tied together
by the same government; which their own rivalships
alone would be sufficient to produce, but which op-
posite foreign alliances, attachments, and intrigues
would stimulate and embitter. Iience, likewise, they
will avoid tho necessity of those overgrown military
establishments, which, under any form of govern-
ment, are inauspicious to liberty, and which are to be
regarded as particularly hostile to republican liberty;
in this sense it is that your union ought to be con-
sidered as a main prop of your liberty, and that the
love of the one ought to endear to you the preserva-
tion of the other.
These considerations speak a persuasive language
to every reflecting and virtuous mind, and exhibit
the continuance of the Union as a primary object of
patriotic deure. Is there a doubt whether a com-
mon government can embrace so large a sphere?
Let experience solve it. To listen to mere specula-
tion, in such a ca-5e, were criminal. We aie author-
ized to hope that a proper organization of the whole,
with the auxiliary agency of governments lor the
respective subdivisions, will afford a happy issue to
tho experiment. It is well worth a fair and full ex-
periment. With such powerful and obvious motives
to Onion affecting all parts of our country, while
experience shall not have demonstrated its imprac-
ticability, there will a.lways bo reason to distrust the
patriotism of tho^e, who, in any quarter, may en-
deavor to weaken its bands.
In contemplating the causes which may disturb
our Union, it occurs as a matter of serious concern
that any ground should havo been furnished for
ehitraeteii/ang paities by geographical discrimina-
tion, northern and southern, Atlantic and western,
whence designing men may endeavor to excite a be-
lief that theie is a real difference of local interests
and views. One of the expedients of party to acquire
influence within particular districts is to misrepresent
the opinions* and aims ot other clistncts. You cannot
shield yourselves tuo much against the jealousies and
heart-burnings which sjning from these misrepre-
sentations; they tend to render alien to each other
those who ought to bo bound together by fraternal
affection. The inhabitants of our Western country
havo lately had a useful lesson on this head; they
have seen in the negotiation by the Executive, and
in the unanimous ratification by the Senate, of the
treaty with Spain, and in the universal satisfaction
at that event throughout the United States, a decis-
ive proof how unfounded weie the suspicions propa-
gated among thera of a policy in the General Govern-
ment and in the Atlantic States unfriendly to their
interests in regard to the Mississippi; they have been
witnesses to the formation ot two treaties—that with
Great Britain and that with Spain—which secured to
them everything they could desire in respect to our
foreign relations toward confirming their prosperity.
Will it not be their wisdom to rely for the preserva-
tion of these advantages on the Union by which they
were procured? Will they not henceforth be deaf to
those advisers, if such there are, who would sever
them from their brethren and connect them with
aliens? „ .
To the efficacy and permanency of your Union a
Government for the whole is indispensable. No al-
liance, however strict between the parts, can be an
adequate substitute; they must inevi tably experience
the infractions and interruptions which all alliances,
in all time, have experienced. Sensible of this mo-
mentous truth, you have improved upon your first
essay by the adoption of a Constitution of Govern-
ment better calculated than your former for an inti-
mate Union and for tho efficacious management of
your common concerns. This Government, the off-
spring of our own choice, uninfluenced and unawed,
adopted, upon full investigation and mature deliber-
ation, completely free in its principles, in the distribu-
tion of its powers, uniting security with energy, and
containingwithinitselfaprovisionforitsown amend-
ment, has a just claim to your confidence and your
support. Respect for its authority, compliance with
its laws, acquiescence in its measures, are duties en-
joined by the fundamental maxims of true liberty.
The basis of our political systems is tho right of the
people to make and to alter their constitutions of
government; but the constitution which at any time
exists, till changed by an explicit and authentic act
of the whole people, is sacredly obligatory upon all.
The very idea of the power and the right of the peo-
plo to establish Government presupposes the duty
of every individual to obey the established Govern-
ment.
All obstructions to the execution of the laws, all
combinations and associations,under whatever plaus-
ible character, with the real design to direct, control,
counteract, or awe the regular deliberation and ac-
tion of the constituted authorities, are destructive to
this fundamental principle and of fatal tendency.
They serve to organize faction, to give it an artificial
and extraordinary force, to put in the place of the
delegated will of the nation the will of a party, often
a small but artful and enterprising minority of the
community; and, according to the alternate triumphs
of different parties, to make the public administration
tho mirror of the ill-concerted and incongruous pro-
jects of faction, rather than the organ of consistent
and wholesome plans, digested by common counsels
and modified by mutual interests.
However combinations or associations of the above
description may now and then answer popular ends,
thoy are likely, in the course of time and things, to
bocomepotent engines by which cunning, ambitious,
and unprincipled men will be enabled to subvert the
power of tho people and to usurp for themselves the
ruins of Government; destroying afterwards the very
engines which had lifted them to unjust dominion.
Toward the preservation of your Government and
the permanency of your present happy state it is
requisite, not only that you steadily discountenance
irregular oppositions to its acknowledged authority,
but also that you resist with care the spirit of inno-
vation upon its piinciples, however specious the pre-
texts. One method of assault may be to effect in
tho forms of the Constitution alterations which will
impair the energy of the system, and thus to under-
mine what cannot be directly overthrown. In all
tho changes to which you may be invited remember
that time and habit are at least as necessary to fix
the truecharacter of governments as of otherhuman
institutions; that experience is the surest standard
by which to test the real tendency of the existing
constitution ot a country; that facility in changes,
upon the credit of mere hypothesis and opinion, ex-
poses to perpetual change, from the endless variotv of
hypothesis and opinion; and remember, especially,
that for the efficient management of your common
interests, in acountry so extensive as ours, a Govern-
ment of as much vigor as is consistent with the per-
fect security ot liberty is indispensable. Liberty
itself will find in such a Government, with powers
properly, distributed and adjusted, its surest guard-
ian. It is, indeed, little else than a name where
the Government is too feeble to withstand the enter-
prises of faction, to confine each member of the so-
ciety within the limits prescribed by the laws, and
to maintain all in the secure and tranquil enjoyment
of the rights of person and property.
I have already intimated to you the danger of
parties in the State, with particular reference to the
founding of them on geographical discriminations,
Let me now take a more comprehensive view, and
warn you, in tho most solemn manner, against the
banelul effects of the spirit of parly generally,
11ns spirit, unfortunately, is inseparable from our
nature, having its root in the strongest passions of
the human mind. It exists under different shapes
in all Governments, more or less stifled, controlled,
or repressed; but in those of the popular form it is
seen m its greatest rankness, and is truly their worst
enemy.
The alternate domination of one faction over
another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge natural
to party dissension, which, in different ages and
countries, has perpetrated the most horrid enormi-
ties, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads,
at length, to a more formal and perm mien t despotism
The disorders and miseries which result gradually
incline the uimds of men to seek security and repose
