3404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2%
•gallon. I bad como to the conclusion, Mr.
Chairman, that fifty cents is the proper amount
at which to fix the direct tax; but since learn-
ing that the bill, as reported by the committee,
con templates an indirect taxation of from six-
teen to twenty cents additional, I have become
satisfied that this will place the aggregate tax-
ation so high that there will be room for enor-
ri)Oiis*frauds.
Prior to the war the southern States con-
sumed ami u ally thirty million gallons ofwhisky,
manufactured principally in the North and
nest. Now the southern people make their
own whisky, and they make it, to a large ex-
tent, without the payment of the tax. When
I was in Louisiana, two years ago, my atten-
tion was called to six extensivedistillevies then
being carried on in Rapides parish, and pay-
ing neither tax nor license. Some months ago
1 received a letter from Dr. Waters, secretary
of the convention then in session at New Or-
leans, stating that those distilleries continue to
run, and do not pay one cent of tax or license.
The great object in reducing the tax is to put
an end to the frauds which have existed; and
if a specific tax of fifty cents per gallon should
be adopted as the aggregate of the taxation on
whisky, I believe we could thereby accomplish
the object sought; but if there be in addition
an indirect tax of sixteen to twenty cents, I
believe we cannot accomplish that object. At
the present time the South is not only makino-
its own whisky, but is sending into the North
for sale whisky that lias never paid the tax.
\Ve must break up this system of fraud, and
in endeavoring to do it let us take such meas-
ures as to accomplish it at once.
Mr. GRISVV OLD. 1 desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. CovodkJ
that he loses sight ot the fact that the aggve-
gate of this tax is distributed. An aggregate
'j11 °' seventy-five cents, distributed among
tlje distiller, the seller, and the consumer, is no
greater practically than would be a tax of fifty
cents at the still.
Mr. COVODli. I understand that; but if
you examine the proceedings of the court at
Richmond a few days ago, you will see that
the men engaged in perpetrating frauds on the
Government know how to get over everything
of that kind. Pour of them paid the Govern-
ment ofiicer $30,000 for permission to cheat
the Government out of $250,000 a year; and
then, upon being found guilty in court, they are
sentenced to pay the enormous fine of $1,000
or upward, and to unuergo an imprisonment
of one year or more.
Mr. Chairman, I represent a district which
pays more t.a.x on whisky than any other dis-
trict of the United States. I believe that in
my district will be found the largest number
of distillers that have acted in good faith. 1
ihey have been shut out from the market for
the last six months. What I desire is that the
Government shall collect the tax; and if it
were possible to collect the tax of two dollars
per gallon X would never propose a reduction,
but they have not collected one tenth of that
amount,
[Here the hammer fell.]
_ Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Chairman, this House
is proposing in this bill to make what seems
to Bif to be a strange admission, that a law of
the united States providing for the collection
ot a tax cannot be enforced. Now, sir, if this
Government is the Government that we have
always supposed it to be, the present tax on
whisky ought to stand. And f say it ought to
stand if for no other reason than the vindica-
tion of the Government. If this country could
enforce its laws against ten million people
in arms against it, 1 say it presents a strange
spectacle if it cannot enforce a law to collect
the taxes.
Mr. Chairman, if the energies which this
.House has displayed and its committees have
displayed for the last three months in investi-
gating the impeachment or the evidence against
the President, had been used in the investiga-
tion of the frauds against the Government or
this question of the whisky tax, its collection
could have been enforced; and if a committee
had been appointed by this House and used
the same energy as the committee used in
looking up the evidence against the constitu-
tional head of this Government, I say that
those who have violated the law in reference
to this whisky tax would before this time have
been brought to punishment.
Now, sir, if we go on legislating in this way
this "whisky ring," or the men who are set-
ting the law at defiance which fixes the tax on
whisky at two dollars a gallon, will set a law
at defiance if the tax be fixed at fifty cents or
any other sum. I say it is due to the dignity
of the Government that, instead of repealing
the tax Oil whisky, this House should take such
measures as will bring those who violate the
law to a proper punishment, and the energy of
this House ought to be brought to bear for that
purpose. When the majesty of the law has
been established, and not before, let us legis-
late for the reduction of this tax.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I move to insert two
dollars a gallon.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a point of order. As
tho question stands there is no chance for that
motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is cor-
rect, but the Chair will explain. The pending
amendment to the amendment is to insert
thirty-five cents. The bill which the Clerk will
read is very obligatory that it is not in older to
strike out what has once been inserted.
The Clerk read as follows
Although it, is not in order to striko out by itself
what has been inserted, it may bo moved to strike
out a portion ot the original paragraph comprehend-
ing what has been inserted, provided the eoherenoe
to be struck out bo so substantial as to make this
euectively auiuerent proposition."
The CHAIRMAN. If sixty ccnts bestric-ken
out and any other sum inserted it will cut off
all further amendment on that point; and the
Chair has thought it agreed with the pleasure
of tho House to allow a wider ru.rtge of debate
than thai rule would call for, of course, within
the thirty minutes to which the debate has
been limited.
Mr. PA INK. I withdraw the point of order.
Mr. CO V ODE. 1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. 1 now move to'in-
sert "two dollars."
Mr. Chairman, it will be recollected by
yourself and others who were members of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, that when the internal
revenue law was inaugurated in the course of
tho discussion two views were taken in regard
to the tax on whisky, one that it should be
taxed heavily, because its use was immoral,
and the other because it was an article of lux-
uiy. I then thought it should be considered
like any other article of commerce, and that,
although its improper use engendered immor-
ality and vice, other considerations were more
important in determining tiie amount of the tax
which should be imposed. After much exam-
ination and discussion Congress settled upon
two dollars a gallon. At the time this seemed
to be satisfactory to the country. No such
difficulties in the execution of the law appeared
as to induce the Thirty-Ninth Congress to
diminish the tax. \\ e are now, however, told
that the tax must be reduced in order to enable
us to collect it, or, in other words, that in our
law-abiding and law-respecting country there
IS no power whereby the law, as it now stands
m this regard, can be executed.
Such an assertion is an assault to our Gov-
ernment and our people. All I suppose will
admit that the article of whisky, so far as tax-
ation is concerned, must be regarded as a
luxury, and all will also admit that it is wise
political economy to obtain revenue from lux
unes so far as possible. Thereby the produc-
tive industry of the country is relieved, and the
price of those articles which necessarily enter
into the consumption and comfort of the klnr
ing man reduced. Upon this ground whisky
can well bear the tax-of two dollars a gallon
It is now proposed to reduce the tax to sixiv
cents, ihe only argument in favor of such
reduction, so far as I have heard, is that if we
impose a higher tax the law cannot be enforced.
A whisky riiig scares Congress out of its adher-
ence to duty and propriety, and regulates our
legislation at its will. Such is a fair statement
of the proposition, and what cowards we are!
The fault, sir, is not in the law. The diffi-
culty is not in the alleged fact that combina-
tions of wicked men can at pleasure defeat the
execution of the law. The fault is in the Gov-
ernment itself. The law isgood enough. The
two-dollar tax can be collected. In order to
execute the law we must have for the chief
revenue officer a man of large intellectual
endowment, of iron will, of marked executive
power. Tlie various subordinates should be
responsible to him and subject to his control.
When a subordinate proves himself to be inca-
pable or dishonest he should be turned out,
and politics should have nothing to do with it.
My own State, sir, .has nothing but a general
interest in this matter. I do not suppose that
there has been a gallon of whisky distilled
withiu its boundaries for many years, and per-
haps there is as little drank there as in any
section ot the country. All our people are
burdened #with taxation, and it is our duty to
lighten that burden as far as possible, and at
the same time preserve every national obliga-
tion according to the letter and the spirit.
My policy would be to tax whisky and
tobacco, articles of mere luxury, heavily, and
with a fair and moderate tax upon petroleum,
stamps, and two or three other articles, raise
the required revenue.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Chairman, in the very
limited time allotted us by the order of the
House it is impossible to do anything like
justice to so vast and interesting a question as
the one now under consideration.
Revenue and taxation in their various forms
always affect to a greater or less extent the
business interests and commercial relations of
a people, and hence the legislator should exer-
cise his power over these measures with great
caution, A change of taxation, either in its
amount or its mode of collection, will to some
extent affect the values of property; it may
depress one species of property and appre-
ciate another species ; and we should prevent,
if possible, too great a difference in these
extremes of appreciation or depression. Our
people, with singular unanimity, have Ion"
since agreed that alcohol, (or whisky,] for in arty
reasons, should be made to bear a very large
proportion of the public burdens. How best
to accomplish this object has for years engaged
the attention both of the public and of Con-
gress. Could the present lax be collected by
the officers of the Government and placed
in the national Treasury there would be no
demand for its reduction.
But it is a melancholy fact that our laws are
evaded and disregarded. Interested parties
and corrupt officials are appropriating to them-
selves millions of dollars of the public rev-
enue, thus defrauding the national Treasury
and increasing the burdens of the honest tax-
payers of the country, mid we have now to
meet the question whether we shall permit
such a state of afiairs to continue longer, to the
abroad6 country both at home and
It is most humiliating, but tho fact stares us
n the .ace, and cannot be controverted, that
tins Government is not to-day able to enforce
its laws for the honest collection of the rev-
enue on mis particular species of property.
i have not the time to enter at length upon
tne causes winch produce this sad result; but
most prominent is the belief that the executive
branch of the Government is derelict in its
uuty, and offers no effective resistance to the
rings of plunderers who now appear to con-
trol it.
To the legislative department of the Govern-
ment there is but one remedy left, and that is to
lectuce this tax to such a point as will enable
the honest manufacturer of whisky to compete
With its illicit production. That point, in my
judgment, is that which places the tax nearest
