1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3405
the cost 'of the production of whisky, which
would be somewhere in the range between
twenty-five to fifty cents per gallon. By this
reduction you drive the illicit distiller from his
occupation, for crime is always more or less
expensive, and in proportion as you inciease
the pioiits of crime to that extent you increase
crime its^Jf.
Nor will this reduction have the effect of
reducing the general revenue, but rather to
increase it, for we see that with the present
tax of two dollars per gallon we realize only
about thirteen million dollars of revenue, while
our experience lia^s proved that with a much
less tax we have heretofore been enabled to
collect a much greater revenue.
Believing, therefore, that public morals as
well as the public revenue will both be sub-
served by a change of the tax. on whisky,-I
shall vote to fix that tax at the lowest sum
named, to wit: twenty-five cents on the gal-
lon, and failing in that, shall vote for such
other sum in reduction of the present tax as
shall finally be able to command a majority
of the votes of this House.
ilr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. Mr.
Chairman, I am in favor of the reduction of
the tax on distilled spirits for the reason that
the attempt to collect any considerable portion
of the two-dollar tax has proved a failure. This
tax and the attempt to enforce its collection
have defrauded the revenue, debauched the ad-
ministration of public affairs, and sapped the
very foundations of official and private morals.
Why is it, sir? In myopinion these results are
the direct consequence of a wide departure from
that sound maxim of political economy which
seeks to keep the tax below the cost of produc-
tion. Here is a tax which bears to the cost of
production the ratio of one to six and a half.
Such a disproportion cannot fail to stimulate
fraud and corruption to an alarming extent,
even under the most favorable administration
of our revenue laws. How much greater and
more alarming have been the frauds under the
corrupting influences of the present Executive 1
On the one hundred million gallons of whisky
made in the United States we collect now
$12,000,000, six million gallons only paying a
tax, while ninety-four millions escape collec-
tion entirely. Such is the operation of the pres-
ent law; and while all admit the unfortunate
influence of the Executive upon its collection,
I am free to confess that this excessive tax is
wrong m principle and vicious in its practical
results. Distilled spirits, asanarticleofluxury,
should be taxed to the utmost limit consistent
with its collection. Beyond that you cannot
safely go, beyond that limit your law becomes
worse than a failure.
The Committee of Ways and Means, after
struggling to invent some method of collecting
at least a moiety of the present tax, have
reluctantly acceded to the general demand
for its reduction. Their bill proposes aspccial
tax of sixty cents on the gallon with incidental
taxes bringing it up to about seventy cents.
This is indeed a great concession. Still, I fear
that in its practical results it will be found
to be too largely in excess of the original cost
of production :.nd violation of the principles
to which I have adverted. Therefore, sir, I
hope the tax will be reduced still further, leav-
ing less inducement to fraud and converting
the stimulus that now exists, and must under
a high tax always exist, to evade its payment.
We ought, perhaps, to be able to collect a tax
of fifty cents per gallon. This would give us
an anuual revenue of §60,000,000 from this
source alone, a sum nearly double the amount
which has been collected under existing laws
and four times as much as we are now realiz-
ing. I am willing to try the experiment of
such a reduction, in the belief that it will
operate to break up tiie swindling rings which
now ply their corrupt and fraudulent practices
all over the country, and yield such a revenue to
the Government as ought to be derived from
articles of luxury.
ilr. INGEltSOLL and Mr. HOLMAN rose.
The CHAIRMAN recognized the former.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman has spoken
once on this subject and i have not.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have not spoken on
this proposition to increase this tax to two
dollars.
The CHAIRMAN. Technically the gentle-
man from Illinois is right, though the debate
has been upon the general subject. The Chair
therefore recognizes the gentleman from Illi-
nois.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to hold it, then.
I wish to correct a statement made by my col-
league, '1 that since the passage of the law last
January in reference to the export of whisly
the manfacture of if in the Peoria district has
ceased." ft had nearly all ceased long before.
Out of some twenty manufacturing houses in
that district not more than four or five have
been in operation for the past year.
Now, sir, I propose to show that sixty cents
cannot be collected at the distillery. 1 do not
believe that any distiller in the West can raise
the necessary amount of capital with which to
run a fifteen hundred bushel house, and there
are many larger. A fifteen hundred bushel
house will produce six thousand proof gallons
per day ; at fifty cents per gallon tax, he will
have to pay $o,000 per day. New York is the
great market. He ships to New York, and he
cannot, expect to receive returns from the sale
of the whisky sooner than thirty days, if you
grant that he finds tlie price in the market
satisfactory. He will have to run his house
thirty days before he gets any return. It will
be seen that he has paid $90,000 tax in the
thirty days. The actual cost of the production
for that time is not less than $4o,000 more,
which makes $lo-j,000; and this is only for one
mouth. Now, it often happens that the dis-
tiller does not find the market price satisfac-
tory, and is compelled to hold the whisky lor
a year, and in this event he would require over
one million five hundred thousand dollars capi-
tal to do business on for one year. At the
present time no distiller can draw on his com-
mission merchant for advances on whisky
shipped, for the reason that the whisky is con-
tinually liable to seizure, and is therefore no
security.
Now, a word in reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwelu ] New Eng-
land has little interest m the manufacture of
whisky. T'halfmay account for the position of
that gentleman. Now, seven eighths of the
capital invested in distilleries is invested in
the middle and western States. Henee it is pro-
posed to throw all this burden of taxation on the
West, while the manufacturers of New England
have been relieved from the burden of the five
percent, taxon manufacturers. This willnotdo.
The burden of taxation should be distributed
with the strictest regard to equity and justice ;
all bearing their fair proportions.
My remarks in reference to the fifty-cent
tax are based upon the assumption that the tax
is collected at the distillery. If one removal in
bond shall be. allowed, which ought to be done,
it would enable western distillers to do busi-
ness.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOBRIDGE. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " fifty'' and insert-
ing "forty.'' I think the tax ought to be
lower than forty cents a gallon. I think the
interests of the country would be promoted if
the tax were fixed at twenty cents a gallon.
In my judgment the tax ought to be fixed at
twenty cents, and in making the motion to fix
the tax at forty cents I am influenced by the
belief that the majority of the committee have
determined not to reduce the tax below forty
cents. I am, indeed, apprehensive that a
reduction to forty cents cannot be obtained.
Mr. Chairman, I represent a district very
largely engaged in the manufacture of distilled
spirits, and I know that not only has that inter-
est been almost destroyed by the unwise legisla-
tion of Congress, but "other important intercuts
of industry incidentally connected with that
branch of manufacture have been utterly pros-
trated. By the unreasonable tax imposed on
distilled spirits our industrial interests have
been destroyed, and fraud has transferred this
branch of manufacture to the great cities. In
my own district gentlemen of unquestionable
integrity have been engaged in the distilling
business. The leading firm engaged in.'the
business are gentlemen of as high character as
any business men of the Northwest, and haye
for twenty years commanded the highest de-
gree of respect and confidence. They assure
me that unless the tax is greatly reduced all
honorable men will be driven from the busi-
ness, that a tax of twenty or twenty-five cents
per gallon while putting an end to the stupen-
dous frauds which have disgraced this business
would manifestly increase the revenues of the
country. They believe that in a country like
ours no system can be devised to prevent
extensive fraud when the motives are so great,
and when, by reason of the enormous tax, the
profits of successful fraud are so enormous.
It has been said that when the tax of twenty
cents was imposed in 1862 frauds were per-
petrated. I never heard that suggested before.
On the contrary, the universal impression in
my section of the country has been that during
the time that tax was ill operation it wasfaith-
fully and honestly collected.
I hold in my hand an article from a leading
commercial paper in the Northwest, the Cin-
cinnati Gazette, discussing this subject fully,
urging a tax of twenty cents, and piotesting,
in the name of the business men and manufac-
turers, against imposing restrictions, endless
regulations, and infinite details, such as are
proposed m this bill, which wouid cripple this
branch of business and other branches of busi-
ness indispensably connected with our pros-
perity. It i3 manifest that if the tax is fixed
at twenty cents, to be paid at the distillery,
we may abandon at once the embarrassing
and complicated system of regulations pre-
scribed in this bill, and when the spirit has paid
the tax at the distillery it will pass untrammeled
into the market. It is unjust to the Northwest
that this business, connected as it is with the
grain-growing interest, the great interest of the
Northwest, should be so loaded down ar.d
hedged in by a system of regulations which is
the inevitable consequence of the imposition
ol an enormous tax. Dispense with the high
tax ; impose a tax on this article about e«jual
to the value of the article itself, and then', the
motive for fraud being gone, business will
resume its natural and proper relations, the
revenues of the country will be collected, and
the fraud and public demoralization which now
curses the whole land, rendering our legislation
odious and disreputable, will cease.
[Here the hammer fell.J
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and I wish to say a word or two with
reference to the rate of tax which may be
fixed here by the committee. I want to ea'tl
attention particularly to this feet,, that if we
fix the tax this year at twenty-five cents or
twenty cents we will be compelled to come
back here at the next session of Congress and
raise the tax again. If there is any one thing
that honest people want it is stability and per-
manence, and not to be shifted and drifted
about by speculators who may want a high tax
to-day and a different tax to-morrow. I want
gentlemen, therefore, to fix the rate of tax that
we will be willing to stand by as a permanent
measure of legislation to go into our statute-
book, and that will raise the amount of revenue
that we require from these articles of luxury.
I submit that twenty or twenty-five cents agal-
loti is not a sufficient tax to raise the amount
of revenue that must be raised from the article
of distilled spirits. We raise to-day ten cents
a gallon from oil. We have raised hitherto
twenty cents agallon and collected every dollar
of that tax. Gentlemen are mistaken in say-
ing that these indirect taxes afFeet this question.
These indirect taxes have nothing whatever to
do with the amount of specific tax to be levied
upon distilled spirits. •
