1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4429
time I should bo very glad to favor ; but it
seems to me this is an inopportune occasion to
bring up a measure of such importance when
we cannot properly investigate the principles
coweerned in it. For this reason I hope the
gentleman will consent to let the bill lie over
till the commencement of nextsession, as there
is no danger of any land being granted to any
railroad meanwhile.
Mr. HOPKINS. I cannot consent to that.
Mr. LOAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. HOPKINS. Ceitainly.
Mr. LOAN. I observe that this bill pro-
vides that the land shall be sold to actual set-
tlers at a price not exceeding $2 50 per acre.
I desire to inquire whether the land may be
sold to any other persons than actual settlers ?
Mr. HOPKINS. Under the provisions of
this bill the land can be sold only to actual
settlers.
Mr. LOAN. If there should be no actual
settlers on the land for twenty years would not
the company be permitted to sell it to those
who have purchased, for instance, adjoining
land ? Suppose there are portions of the land
which are undesirable, so as not to be taken up
separately, are they to be^ excluded from mar-
ket, the company thus being deprived of the
benefit of the grant for twenty, thirty, or forty
years, and the States of the taxes on the land
during all that time ?
Mr. HOPKINS. Not at all. The bill pro-
vides for the sale of the land to persons desir-
ing to settle on it; and the Secretary of the
Interior is to carry out the provisions of the
bill by proper regulations.
Mr. LOAN. But I understand the actual
settler can only take one quarter section.
Mr. HOPKINS. That is all.
Mr. LOAN. And if the land adjoining his
quarter section should be undesirable for other
persons to occupy that will not be sold for all
time to come.
Mr. HOPKINS. There is no provision for
the sale of any portion of this land except to
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to yield to me.
Mr. HOPKINS. I will yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I am aware,
sir, that I have no time to discuss the merits of
this bill; but I will say that it has been fully con-
sidered by the Committee on the Public Lands.
It has been before the House and repeatedly
considered. I hope the bill will pass. It is
demanded by the public interests and demanded
by the settlers upon the public lands, and if
we adjourn this Congress without passing this
bill or something like it we will fail in our
duty to the country and to the men who desire
to secure homes upon the public lands.
On the 20th January I had the honor to intro-
duce House bill No. 492, to secure to actual
settlers the right to purchase lands hereafter
granted to railway and other companies,
which provided—
"That all lands which may hereafter be granted
to railway or other companies to aid in the construc-
tion of railways or other works, whether under ex-
isting law or laws hereafter enacted, shall bo sold by
such grantees only to actual_ settlers m quantities
not greater than one half section to any one person,
and at a price not exceeding $1 25 per ncre- Are.
The bill now under consideration is designed
to accomplish the same purpose and also to
reach those cases where lands have been granted
to States to aid in the construction of railroads.
The bill will reach all grants or conveyances
by patent hereafter made to the Union Pacific
and other railroad companies, whether in pur-
suance of existing laws or laws hereafter en-
acted authorizing such grants. Its object is to
secure the lands to actual settlers at a moder-
ate price, and to prevent many of the evils
arising from the accumulation of large bodies
of lands in the hands of corporations. It
seeks in part to carry out a policy somewhat
similar to that provided by the homestead
laws, the wisdom of mhich is now universally
acknowledged.
I have already given my views briefly on
this subject, and will not further repeat them
now. 1 may say that the policy of this bill
has been inaugurated for the first time during
this session o f Congress, and the Committee on
the Public Lands will not agree to the passage
of any bill authorizing grants of lauds to rail-
road companies which does not embrace the
policy of this bill. To perfect our land policy
Congress should not only enact this bill into
a law but abrogate as void all sales of land
made in large bodies in pursuance of treaties
with the Indian tribes. The joint resolution
passed a few days since for the protection of
the settlers on the Cherokee neutral lands in
part abrogated a sale made under such a treaty.
Now, let Congress abrogate the treaties or
sales under them, in other cases, and we will
only vindicate the right of Congress to dictate
the land policy of the country by denying the
right of the treaty-making power to control it.
The Supreme Court of the United States, in a
famous ease arising under an Indian treaty,
reported in the fifth volume of Peters's Re-
ports, if I remember correctly, doubted the
right of the treaty-making power to dispose of
public lands. And while upon this subject I
may refer to other authorities to show the
power to annul all such treaties. I quote from
the American Law Register, January, 1868,
vol. 7, No. 3, N. S., page 149; Gray vs. the
Clinton bridge and others, in the circuit court
of the United States for Iowa, October term,
1867. The act of Congress of February 27,
1867, (16 U. S. Stat., 412,) declared the Clinton
bridge "a lawful structure and post route."
Gray filed a bill to abate the bridge. He
objected to the act of Congress that it violated
treaties with foreign nations, which declared
that the navigation of the Mississippi should
remain unobstructed. The court, Miller judge,
said:
"The courts possess no power to declare a statute
passed by Congress void because it may violate such
[treaty] obligations. These are international ques-
tions, to be settled between the foreign nations in-
terested in the treaties and the political departments
of our Government. W hen these Departments declaro
a treaty abrogated, annulled, or modified, it is not for
the judicial branch of the Government to set it up
and assert its continual obligation."
And to the same effect I may refer to an
act to declare the treaties heretofore concluded
with France no longer obligatory on the United
States, approved July 7, 1798, (1 U. S. Stat,
at Large, 578,) and to Barclay's Digest of 1867,
page 185, (Jefferson's Manual,) where it is said
" an act of the Legislature alone can declare
them (treaties) infringed and rescinded and
to General Banks's speech in the House of
Representatives on the passage of the Alaska
bill, July 14, 1868, in which he declared Con-
gress could abrogate treaties.
Mr. HOPKINS. I must now call for the
previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to know of the
gentleman who reports this bill whether he
supposes, when Congress hereafter makes a
grant of lands to a railroad corporation differ-
ent from the provisions of this bill, it will not
to that extent repeal this bill ? How can this
Congress prohibit future Congresses from dis-
posing of the public lands as t.hey may see fit?
This will not govern any other Congress.
Mr. HOPKINS. My understanding is that
we settle a policy by which we propose to be
governed hereafter, or ought to be governed,
in regard to the aid we may give to railroad
corporations by grants of the public lands. I
do not suppose it is possible ior this Con-
gress to prevent any future Congress from
making any stipulations it may deem proper,
but we do propose to declare what is the set-
tled policy ol this Congress m regard to these
grants of the public land. 1 will say, although
we have had thirty bills before the Committee
on the Public Lands asking for grants of land,
not one has been reported without the clause
contained in this bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why not continue that
practice when we make grants so it may be
binding? If we incorporate it in no future legis-
lation how can it affect the rights which may
then accrue? I will suggest to my ^colleague
that it can have no effect whatever. It is a mere
legislative declaration. It is absolutely use-
less. Does it relate to grants hereafter made?
Mr. HOPKINS. It does not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then it is a mere dec-
laration of a policy which is to control, or
undertake to control, future Congresses.
Mr. HOPKINS. Is my colleague in favor
of the provisions of this bill or not?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am in favor of the
provisions of this bill as appliable to grants of
land, but I can see no reason for making this
useless legislative declaration.
Mr. HOPKINS. I wish to remind the gen-
tleman that the Democratic party stole this
bill and nut it into their platform.
Mr. JNGERSOLL. That is a good place
for it. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. They have made better
use of these principles than to put them in this
bill. That is the platform of a great, just,
patriotic, powerful party. This Congress is
now attempting to pass this bill in order to
steal our thunder.
Mr. HOPKINS. Does the gentleman mean
to say that the Democratic party has more
power than this Congress ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes; for it will turn it out
of power at the next election. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOPKINS. What good is it in the
Democratic platform if it is not to become the
law?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If it is put into the plat-
form of the Democratic party it will control
the legislation of the country, while this Con-
gress will expire on the 4th of March next.
Mr. MULLINS. The false prophet must be
stoned to death. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 suppose they would
stone to death a really national man in his
country.
Mr. HOPKINS. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the House take
a recess till half past ten to-morrow morning.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that we take a
recess until half past seven this evening.
Mr. DRIGGS. I object to any business. Let
the vote be taken on adjourning.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Garfield, to take a recess till half past
seven o'clock this evening; and it was dis-
agreed to—ayes 48, noes 61.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Kelsey, to take a recess till ten o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. PILE. I move to amend by making it
till eleven o'clock to-morrow morning.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
making it half past ten o'clock.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes sixty-
one, noes not counted.
The motion of Mr. Kelset, as amended,
was then agreed to; and thereupon (at five
o'clock p. m.) the House took a recess till
half past ten o'clock to-morrow morning.
AFTER RECESS.
The House reassembled pursuant to order at
half past ten o'clock a. m., [Saturday, July24.]
LIGHTING THE STREETS OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. KOONTZ. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee for the Dis-
I trict of Columbia Senate joint resolution No.
| 57, relative to lighting the streets of Washing-
' ton, District of Columbia, with an amendment
; in the nature of a substitute.
j The substitute was read as follows:
i Joint resolution relative to lighting the streets of
Washington, District of Columbia, reducing the
expenses and for other purposes. _
Whereas the municipal authorities of the
Washington have failed to carry
meuts for lighting the streets of said city, ii:i mc<3rd
ance with the provisions of of
making appropriations for Therefore
the Government, approved July ^,looo, rnerejorq.
Be it resolved by the Senate and Home oflievretmt-
atives o/ the Vmted States of Amenea
aaZmbkd, That the mayor and city councils ol th«
