THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the vision which issues from the Ivory Gale—
though who can hesitate to ehoosc between the
words of a gallant soldier and the pettifogging
of a political tiickster?—is wholly immaterial
so far as the charge against the President is
concerned. That charge is, that the President
did attempt to prevent the due execution of the
tenure-of-office law by entangling the General
in the arrangement; and unless both the Pres-
ident and the General have lost their memory
and mistaken the truth with regard to the
promises with each other, then this charge is
made out. In short, if either of these gentle-
men has correctly stated these facts of at-
tempting the obstruction of the law the Presi-
dent has been guilty of violating the law and
of misprision of official perjury.
_ But, again, the President alleges his rightto
violate the act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices, because, he says, the same was
inoperative and void as being in violation of
the Constitution of the United States. Does
it lie in his mouth to interpose this plea? He
had acted under that law and issued letters of
authority, both for the long and short term, to
several persons under it, and it would hardly
lie in his mouth after that to deny its validity
unless he confessed himself guilty of law-
breaking by issuing such commissions.
Let us here look at Andrew Johnson accept-
ing the oath "to take care that the laws be
faithfully executed."
On the 2d of March, 1807, he returned to the
Senate the " tenure-of-office bill"—where it
originated and had passed by a majority of
more than two thirds—with reasons elaborately
given why it should not pass finally. Among
these was the allegation of its unconstitution-
ality. It passed by a vote of 35yeas to 11 nays.
In the House of Kepresentatives it passed by
more than a two-thirds majority ; and when the
vote was announced the Speaker, as was his
custom, proclaimed the vote, and declared in
the language of the Constitution, "that two-
thirds of each House having voted for it, not-
withstanding the objections of the President, it
has become a law."
I am supposing that Andrew Johnson was at
this moment waiting to take the oath of office,
as President of the United States, "that he
would obey the Constitution and take carethat
the laws be faithfully executed." Having been
sworn on the Holy Evangels to obey the Con-
stitution, and being about to depart, he turns
to the person administering the oath and says,
" Stop; I have a further oath. I do solemnly
swear that I will not allow the act entitled 'An
actregulating the teniae of certain civil offices,'
just passed by Congress over the presidential
veto, to be executed ; but I will prevent its
execution by virtue of my own constitutional
power."
How shocked Congress would have been—
what would the country have said to a scene
equalled only by the unparalleled action of this
same official, when sworn into office on that
fatal 5th day of March which made him the
successor of Abraham Lincoln! Certainly he
ivonld not have been permitted to be inaugu-
rated as Vice President or President. Yet
such in effect has been his conduct, if not under
oath at least with less excuse, since the fatal
day which inflicted him upon the people of the
United States. Can the President hope to
escape if the fact of his violating that law be
proved or confessed by him, as has been done ?
Can he expect a sufficient number of his tryers
to pronounce that law unconstitutional and
void—those same triers having passed upon
its validity upon several occasions? The act
was originally passed by a vote of 29 yeas to
9 nays.
Subsequently the House of representatives
passed the bill with amendments, which the
Senate disagreed to, and the bill was afterward
ret'eired to a committee of conference of the
two Houses, whose agreement was reported to
the Senate by the managers and was adopted jj
by a vote of 22 yeas to 10 nays. ji
After the veto, upon reconsideration of the H
bill in the Senate, and after all the arguments
against its validity were spread before that
body, it passed by a vote of 35 yeas to 11 nays.
The President contends that by virtue of the
Constitution he had the right to remove heads
of Departments, and cites a large number of
cases where his predecessor had done so. It
must be observed that all those cases were be-
fore the passage of the tenure-of-office act,
March 2, 1867. Will the respondent say Iiow,
the having done an act when there was no law
to forbid it justifies the repetition of the same
act after a law has been passed expressly pro-
hibiting the same. It is not the suspension or
removal of Mr. Stanton that is complained of,
but the manner of the suspension. It the
President thought he had good reasons for
suspending or removing Mr. Stanton, and had
done so, sending those reasons to the Senate,
and then obeyed the decision of the Senate in
their finding, there would have been no com-
plaint ; but instead of that he suspends him in
direct defiance of the tenure-of-office law, and
then enters into an arrangement, or attempts
to do so, in which he thought he had succeeded,
to prevent the due execution of the law after
the decision of the Senate. And when the
Senate ordered him to restore Mr. Stanton
he makes a second removal by virtue of what
he calls the power vested in him by the Con-
stitution.
The action of the Senate on the message of
the President, communicating his reasons for
the suspension of E. M. Stanton, Secretary of
War, under the act entitled "An act to regulate
the tenure of certain civil offices," was as fol-
lows :
Is Executive Session,
slsnate 01' thk (j nit kb status,
January 13, 1803.
Resolved, That having eonsidcied the evidencoand
reasons given by tlio Presidont in his report of l)e-
oember 12,1807, 1'or the suspension from the office of
Secretary of War of Edwin M. Stanton, tlio Senate do
not concur in such suspension.
And the same was duly certified to the Pres-
ident, in the face of which he, with an impu-
dence and brazen determination to usurp the
powers of the Senate, again removed Edwin
M. Stanton, and appointed Lorenzo Thomas
Secretary ad interim in his stead. The Sen-
ate, with calm manliness, rebuked the usurper
by the following resolution :
In Executive Session,
iSkn'at;-: of the United States,
February 21,18(38.
Whereas the Senate has received and considered
the communication of the President stating thitt, ho
had removed Kdwin M. Stanton, Sccretaiy of' War.
and had designated the Adjutant Ucnoral of the
Army to act as Secretary of War ad interim .• There-
fore,
liesolved by the Senate of the United States, That
under tiie Constitution and laws of the United
States the Pi evident has no power to remove the Sec-
retary of War and to designate any other olliccr to
perform the duties of that office ad interim.
Yet he continued him in office. And now
this offspring of assassination turns upon the
Senate, who have thus rebuked him in a con-
stitutional manner, and bids them defiance.
How can he escape the just vengeance of the
law? Wretched man, standing at bay, sur-
rounded by a cordon of living men, each with
the ax of an executioner uplifted for his just
punishment. Every Senator now trying him,
except such as had already adopted his policy,
voted for this same resolution, pronouncing
his solemn doom. Wiil any one of them vole
for his acquittal on the ground of its uncon-
stitutionality? I know that Senators would
venture to do any necessary act if indorsed by
an honest conscience of an enlightened pub-
lic opinion; but neither for the sake of the
President nor of any one else would one of
them suffer himself to be tortured on the gib-
bet of everlasting obloquy How long and
dark would be the track of infamy which must
mark his name, and that of his posterity!
Nothing is therefore more certain than that it
requires no gift of prophecy to predict the fate
of this unhappy victim.
I have now discussed but one of the numer-
ous articles, all of which I believe to be fully
sustained, and few of the almost inntwierable
offenses charged' to this wayward,® unhappy
official. 1 have alluded to two or three otfeis
which I could have wished to have had time to
present and discuss, not for the sake of pun-
ishment, but for the benefit of the country.
One of these was an article charging the Pres-
ident with usurping the legislative power of the
nation, and attempting still his usurpations.
With regard to usurpation, one single word
will explain my meaning. A civil war of
gigantic proportions, covering sufficient terri-
tory to constitute many States and nations,
broke out, and embraced more than ten mil-
lions of men, who formed an independent gov-
ernment, called the Confederate States of
America. They rose to the dignity of an in-
dependent belligerent, and were so acknowl-
edged by all civilized nations, as well as by
ourselves. After expensive and bloody strife
we conquered them, and they submitted to our
arms. By the law of nations, well understood
and undisputed, the conquerors in this unjust
war had the rightto deal with the vanquished
as to them might seem good, subject only to
the laws of humanity. They had a right to
confiscate their property to the extent of in 
demnifying themselves and their citizens; to
annex them to the victorious nation, and pass
just such laws for their government as they
might think proper.
This doctrine is as old as Grotius, and as
fresh as the Dorr rebellion. Neither the Presi-
dent nor the judiciary had any right to interfere,
to dictate any terms, or to aid in reconstruc-
tion further than they were directed by the
sovereign power. That sovereign power in this
Republic is the Congress of the United States.
Whoever, besides Congress, undertakes to cre-
ate new States or to rebuild old ones, and fix
the condition of their citizenship and union,
usurps powers which do not belong to him, and
is dangerous or not dangerous, according to the
extent of his power and his pretensions. An-
drew Johnson did usurp the legislative power
of the nation by building new States, and re-
constructing, as far as in him lay, this empire.
He directed the defunct States to come forth
and live by virtue of his breathing into their
nostrils the breath of life. He directed them
what constitutions to form, and fixed the quali-
fications of electors and of office-holders. He
directed them to send forward members to
cach branch of Congress, and to aid him in
representingthenation. When Congress passed
a law declaring all these doings unconstitu-
tional and fixed a mode for the admission of
this new territory into the nation he proclaimed
it unconstitutional, and advised the people not
to submit to it nor to obey the commands of
Congress. I have not time to enumerate the
parti cular acts which constitute his high-handed
usurpations. Suffice it to say that he seized
all the powers of the Government within these
States, and, had he been permitted, would have
become their absolute ruler. This lie perse-
vered in attempting notwithstanding Congress
declared more than once all the governments
which he thus created to be void and of none
effect.
But I promised to be brief, and must abide
by the promise, although I should like the judg-
ment of the Senate upon this, to me, seeming
vital phase and real purpose of all his misde-
meanors. To me this seems a sublime spec-
tacle. A nation, not free, but as nearly ap-
proaching it as human institutions will permit
of, consisting of thirty millions of people, had
fallen into conflict, which among other people
always ends in anarchy or despotism, and had
laid down their arms, the mutineers submitting
to the conquerors. The laws were about to
regain their accustomed sway, and again to
govern the nation by the punishment of treason
and the reward of virtue. Her old institutions
were about to be reinstated so far as they were
applicable, according to the judgment of the
conquerors. Then one of their interior ser-
vants, instigated by unholy ambition, sought
to seize a portion of the territory according i;q,
