3406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
What is the tax? The first is in the nature
of a license or special tax, and is distinct and
separate from a specific tax. If a man under-
takes to manufacture whisky at all he must pay
the tax of four dollars jier barrel before he can
set up and run a distillery. If he runs an
illicit distillery then he incurs the penalty of
forfeiture of all the real estate upon which the
distillery is situated. Under this bill a distill-
ery cannot be run without the owner of it also
owns the real estate upon which it is located.
And if an illicit distillery is permitted to be
run all title to the real estate is forfeited.
And so in regard to the tax on dealers. That
is levied upon the wholesale dealer after the
specific tax ot fifty, foity, sixty cents, or what-
ever it may be per gallon, has been collected
and paid. It does not go into the general
account upon which frauds can be committed.
Manufacturers have paid the tax of five per
cent, upon their sales for the last three years.
Now we propose to collect a tax of only three
percent, upon wholesale liquor dealers. Is it
to be presumed that there will be any great
evasion of that tax? And yet that is a distinct
and separate tax, entirely separate from the
specific tax upon distilled spirits, and has noth-
ing to do with the frauds upon the revenue.
Therefore, whatever tax is levied bylaw upon
distilled spirits as a specific tax, is separate
and distinct from any other tax. Therefore
my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] makes
a mistake when he proposes to make the spe-
cific tax thirty-five cents per gallon. lie says
he is willing to make the total tax fifty cents
per gallon, including all the taxes. This indi-
rect tax is a different tax entirely from, and
has no leference whatever to, the specific tax
of sixty cents.
The Committee of Ways and Means have
reported sixty cents per gallon as the specific
or direct tax. I do not know that the com-
mittee are wedded to that particular sum. For
myself, 1 am willingthatthe tax shall be reduced
to filiy cents per gallon, if that will harmonize
the views of members upon the subject. Now,
I submit that can be collected, and will be paid
as any tax upon distilled spirits will be paid.
There will be evasions of the law always, I
do not care what the tax may be. There are
men in the mountains and valleys and out-of-
theway places who will seek to evade the tax,
let it be whatever it may. But we can collect
a greater amount of tax at fifty or sixty cents
per gallon than we can at a lower rate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say but a lew words.
The CHAIRMAN. But one minute is left
of the time allowed by the House for debate
on the portion of this section relating to the
tax pet- gallon on distilled spirits.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I merely
want to say a few words.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will permit
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] to proceed until some member objects.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I hope there will be no
objection by any one.
ilr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I think
this is one of the most difficult questions that
ever arose in legislation. J think the object to
be considered is not so much the amount of
tax which you levy as the mode of collecting
the tax. My judgment is that if you would
collect the tax by one of two ways you would
be able to collect it either by virtue of the
capacity of the still or by virtue of the capacity
of the mash, which would, perhaps, be a little
more accurate. Now, from the most thorough
examination that I have been able to give to
this subject, 1 have no doubt at all that by the
adoption of either of these plans you would
be able to collect the tax on at least four fifths
of all the liquor in the country. Now there is
not one fourth collected.
1 believe, too, that if that were done there
could be lio general evasion of the law. It
couid be so arranged that every dollar of it
couid be collected, except what was necessarily
lost by the borings 'of the instrument. I had
hoped, therefore, that the Committee of Ways
and Means would have adopted some such plan.
I find, upon an examination of the English,
Spanish, Italian, and many other systems, that
those two plans are found to be perfectly feasi-
ble. As regards the amount of tax to be placed
upon this article, 1 regard that as a matter of
very little importance. Under the plan here
proposed, if the tax be one dollar you will not
collect it; if it be a half a dollar you will not
collect it. Suppose the tax be fixed at, a half
a dollar a gallon and you send out to collect it,
how much will you collect? Probably one
fourth, and that one fourth will be two thirds
less than the amount whiSh really ought to be
collected. Therefore, as I said before, the
amount of tax put upon this article is a matter
of no importance. I shall vote for whatever
sum the Committee of Ways and Means desire,
because I am willing to gratify their tastes—I
do not mean their appetites—I am willing to
gratify their tastes, believing that it cannot
possibly make one farthing of difference whether
we put, this tax at. a dollar or at fifty cents
per gallon. That is about all I had to say on
that point.
1 have tried for three years past to get one
of these systems adopted. 1 myself introduced
a bill and sent, it to the Committee of Ways
and Means ; hut it is not there now. I ought
not, perhaps, to speak of it, because it may be
regarded as offensive." But I beg that com-
mittee, between this and the next session of
Congress, to go into some cave where the
good old Monongahola is made, and take care
not to have with them any man who drinks
too much; and by experiment they will find
that they can adopt an instrument, that -will
save the tax on nine tenths of all the distillation.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has now closed
by order of the House. 'The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Van Wyck] moves to strike
out ''sixty," and insert" fifty," as the tax per
gallon. And the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Hoi.man] moves to amend the amendment by
striking out "fifiy," and inserting " forty."
The question is upon the amendment, to the
amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have a proposition to
make to the committee which I trust will be
agreed to by unanimous consent; that is, that
we vote first upon "sixty cents,'1 then on
"fifty," and so on successively upon each
proposition down until some amount is agreed
upon by the committee.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 want, to modify the
proposition, so that we may begin at "twenty-
live," and vote up.
The CHAIRMAN. Any proposition which
is contrary to the ordinary pailiameutary course
will require unanimous consent.
Mr. SCHUNCK. That is what 1 asked.
The CHAIRMAN. 'The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. lxGEiisoM,] objects.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Very well; then let the
question be taken in the tegular way.
The CHAIRMAN. The question, then, is
upon the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. When will 1 have an
opportunity to vote on the "twenty-five" cent
proposition ?
The CHAIRMAN. If the amendment to
the amendment is not adopted, the amend-
ment will then be open to amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the voting be first on " twenty-five,"
and so on up till something is agreed to.
Objection was made.
Mr. COBB. Has the word "sixty" been
stricken out of the section, and a blank created
there to be filled ?
The CHAIRMAN. It has not. The prop-
osition of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Van' Wyck] is to strike out "sixty" and
j insert "fifty." The amendment to the amend-
|! mentis to strike out " fifty" and insert " forty."
11 'The question was then taken upon the
j! amendment to the amendment; and upon a
1 division there were —ayes 29, noes 63; no
quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holm ax and
Mr. Allison were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 84, noes 79.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Van Wyck, to strike out "Sixty" and
insert " fifrv."
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend the
amendment by strikingout "fifty" and insert-
ing " twenty-five."
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was not agreed
to, there being upon a division—ayes 35,
noes 77.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "fifty" and insert-
ing " thirty."
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now move to amend
the amendment by striking out "fifty" and
inserting "thirty five."
The question was taken upon the amendment
to the amendment; and it was not agreed to,
there being upon a division—ayes 40, noes 79.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " fifty" and insert-
ing "twenty."
The question was taken upon the amendment
to the amendment; and, upon a division, it was
not agreed to—ayes 23, noes 78.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to strike out
" fifty cents " and insert " one dollar."
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by stiiking out "fifty" and inserting
'• forty-two."
The question was taken upon the amendment
to the amendment; and it was not agreed to,
there being upon a division—ayes 3G, noes 73.
Mr. HARDING. I move to amend the
amendment by strikingout " fifty " and insert-
ing "forty-five."
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. MULLINS. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "fifty" andinsert-
ing " forty-eight."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Vax Wyck, to strike out "sixty" and
insert " fifty ;" and beingtaken, it was agreed
to, there being upon a division—ayes 87,
noes 87.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now re-
curs on the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] to add to the end of the
section the following:
Or said distilled spirits shall be sold and removed
from the premises according to law.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, my object in
moving that amendment was this, and I think
it will strike the committee as being a proper
one: Distillers do not object to being held
responsible in the mannerwhieh this billseeks
to hold them, so long as the whisky remains
in their possession, so long as it is under their
control and remains unsold; but there are pro-
visions in this bill—and if they are stricken
out this amendment will fall—permitting dis-
tilled spirits to be removed from the bonded
warehouses for rectification, for exportation,
for scientific purposes, and for other purposes,
by substituting other bonds. Now, it does seem
to me that while the distiller should be held
responsible with his distillery, his real estate,
and everything connected with the distillery,
so long as ttie whisky remains in his posses-
sion, yet as soon as he sells it and it passes
out of his hatids and out of his distillery, then
neither he nor his property ought to be bound
for any frauds which may afterward be com-
mitted in reference to that whisky. He has to
sell in order to realize the tax he pays to the
Government. He sells in the open market to
the highest bidder. He should be responsible
