1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. Speaker, much was said by the gentle-
man about the hardship to the poor man in
being compelled to pay $2 50 for the even
sections retained by the Government along the
line of railroads. The Government makes an
appropriation of six or ten alternate odd sec-
tions of land through an uninhabited wilder-
ness where no settler would think of locating
for fifty years but for the grant and road. The
road is built, and settlers flock in and enter all
the lands near the reserved sections, and soon
begin to complain of the monopoly of the Gov-
ernment and company because the lands, made
three or four times more valuable by the grant
and building of the road, cannot be still given
away under the homestead law as before.
Sir, there is n  justice in this complaint, for
the complainer can still enter lands under these
laws in regions, if he likes, just like the one in
question before the road was built.
As well might the Government or a com-
pany expend $2 50 in clearing or fencing a
farm, and then give it away, as to thus add to
its value by roads, and then do the same thing.
There is, 1 repeat, no justice in this I So far
as it relates to the strictly agricultural lands of
the country, it is not so material whether this
bill passes or not; but that it should not apply
to the sections of which I have spoken is very
material.
Mr. Speaker, I am in favor of compelling all
recipients of land-grants to keep the same in
market at fair and reasonable rates, and of the
Government holding the reserved even sec-
tions open to the operations of the homestead
law; and the Committee on Public Lands is
now considering such a proposition for sub-
mission to the House. I have no doubt it will
pass your committee, and I trust it may the
House, and be made a-condition in all future
grants. If this is done, and all of the lands
kept in market and open to settlement and cul-
tivation, there can be no necessity for making
this radical change in the land policy of the
nation.
Sir, as I remarked a short time since, pre-
venting cash .sales of lands will not prevent
land monopolies. To prove this I give the
operations of the United States land office at
East Saginaw, Michigan, for the month of Feb-
ruary, 1868, furnished by H. C. Ripley, Esq.,
Register to the Enterprise, a paper published
in that city.
It is as follows:
"government lands.—Government land in the
following amounts, find in the manner described,
were located at the office in this city during the month
of February,1868:
With cash, aercs    $212 73
Land warrants, 1855 acres  2,SOO 00
Land warrants, 1850 acres  40 00
Under homestead act, acres  1,810 00
Total St,022 73
Here, Mr. Speaker, we have the fact, that of
about five thousand acres of lands entered at
the United States land office, at East Saginaw,
in the State of Michigan, in the month of Feb-
ruary last, only a little over two hundred acres
were entered with cash.
I have no doubt, sir, that a similar state of
facts exists, in reference to cash entries, in all
of the land districts of the country. This, then,
shows more conclusively than any argument
can prove that land monopolies have not, and
will not occur through cash sales. Why then,
Mr. Speaker, I again ask, should this bill pass?
I have tried to show that it ought not, and I
hope it will not, at least without ingrafting my
amendment upon it.
The gentleman from Indiana produces con-
siderable learned authority to show the evil
effects of land monopolies in many parts of
Europe; but I doubt not members will see
that the opinion of those whom he quotes are
of little value, and can have no forcible bear-
ing in support of his bill.
If the public domain of the United States
dovered no larger area than Holland or Long
Island, New York, and if the laws of primo-
geniture applied to this country, and landed
estates descended from father to son j if we
had not' a thousand million acres of forest
for a hunting park, or if we had a nobility here
who were likely to buy up and hold the pub-
lic domain for the above purpose, with laws
to hang men for poaching or trespassing, then
there might be some force and pertinency in
these learned opinions. But as these things
do not exist in this country, and are not likely
to very soon, I think the gentleman's fears and
imaginations are groundless.
Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me earnestly beg
of gentlemen to consider well the importance^
of this measure to the interest of which I have
spoken before they give their votes in support
of the bill under consideration. Sir, what
weightought the opinion of these metaphysical
European philosophers to'haveupon questions
of which they know nothing, and upon which
they are as ignorant as was another European
writer on the geography of this country wh
he described Michigan as being a flourishing
city jn the State of Detroit. Why, sir, there
are a great many philosophers not only in Eu-
rope, but in this country also ; they put forth
many fine-spun theories and write very learn-
edly on almost every subject, while they know
nothing as to the practical matters of fact
of which they write. I would rather have the
opinion of any intelligent lumberman, miner,
or farmer in my State who knows the effect
this bill will have upon the prosperity of the
country, than that of all the theorists of Eu-
rope. I hope their opinions will have little
weight, and that the bill will not pass.
Mr. Speaker, I now give notice that I shall,
when a suitable opportunity presents, offer the
following amendment:
Add to the bill the following proyiso:
Provided, That the provisions ot' this act shall be
held and taken as applying exclusively to such lands
as are chiefly valuable for agriculture, and not to
mineral or such other lands as are mainly valuable
for pine and other timber thereon.
I now yield the remainder of my time to my
colleague, [Mr. Blair.]
naval vessels.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, in reply to a resolution,
relative to naval vessels ; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
vessels taken as prizes.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Navy, in reply to a
resolution, relative to vessels taken as priiles,
&c. ; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move that there be printed
for the use of the Navy Department five hun-
dred extra copies of the document just pre-
sented.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be re-
ferred). under the law, to the Committee on
Printing*/
leave of absence.
Mr. Akcher obtained leave of absence for
one week.
Mr. Maynakd and Mr. Mullins obtained
leave of absence indefinitely.
tuhblo de santa anna, new mexico.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, moved
that the Committee on the Public Lands be
discharged from the further consideration of
the papers relating to the Pueblo of Santa
Anna, New Mexico, and that the same be re-
ported to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
The motion- was agreed to. \
sale of public lands a (jain. \/
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, the bill under
consideration here, as has already been said,
looks to an entire change of the land policy of
the Government since it was established. Cer-
tainly it will be agreed that this ought not to
be done without good reason. The land policy
of the country has, so far as we are able to see,
been a very suceesalui policy from the bogiu-
( n'ng- Land has always been cheap, easily
acquired by the people of the country, and I
believe I may repeat what I had occasion to
say once before here, that there is no man in
the United States who can be benefited by a
farm who has not been able to get it in the
wilderness of this country. I do not believe
any facts can be shown that will go to contro-
vert this statement.
I ask, then, for what reason shall we now
reverse this policy? What reason does the
chairman of the Committee on the Public Lands
[Mr. Julian] give us why we should change
the entirfi land policy of the country and forbid
hereafter anycitizen of the United States from
buying a foot of public land if he should wish
to? 1 listened with attention to his speech
made now some days ago on this question, and,
if I understood him correctly, his whole argu-
ment was hinged upon the idea of land monop-
oly. He told us that we ought to provide lands
so they may be had by the "landless poor."
Now, I say that if there are any landless poor
in the United States it is because they choose
to be landless poor. The homestead law is in
operation to-day, and it has been in operation
for a long series of years. Whoever wishes to
seek a home upon the public lands can find it
now. The Government offers it freely. I mak§
no quarrel with this policy. On the contrary
I disclaim it and am in favor of the policy ; but
I will not forbid any man who chooses to buy
his farm and take possession of it at once in-
stead of taking it from the Government and
waiting for a series of years before he should
have possession ofit. Why should he do that?
It is a characteristic of the American that he
likes to own the ground upon which he lives
and he likes to own the property upon it. I
myself say that it is a most excellent charac-
teristic, and I should be glad to encourage it.
While I should give the landless poor his farm
in the wilderness if he wishes it, I would not
forbid any other man who chooses to buy and
own his farm to get it in that way.
I cannot find in the gentleman's argument
anything which militates against this, except
that in the process of time we shall by and by
arrive at a period when there will be no lands
for this purpose, and we ought to begin to hus-
band our lands at this time and prevent their
sale. My objection to this is that it ties up the
public lands and fetters the limbs of enterprise
of the American people.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Do I un-
derstand the gentleman to say that the bill
would prevent the actual settler from purchasing
any land ?
Sir. BLAIR. I have certainly so understood
the bill. I cannot conceive of anything the
bill will do for anybody if that be not so.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Does not this
bill provide that any man may select and ac-
quire land under the preemption law?
Mr. BLAIR. I think the bill allows the
pieemption act to remain in force. If it does,
it contradicts its own theories. Why should a
man be allowed to get land under preemption
and not be allowed to go and buy it and get his
title at once? Why should he he put to the
necessity of going upon the land and making a
preemption instead of paying for it at once?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I sup-
pose the reason would be this : in one case the
preemptor is an actual settler, and in the other
case he may not be.
Mr. BLAIR. Very true, sir.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I do not
wish to be understood in what 1 say as either
indorsing or opposing this bill. I am merely
4n pursuit of information.
Mr. JULIAN. Will the gentleman allow
me a single remark? Under the homestead
law a settler may commute his settlement into
a purchase, and as a matter of course become
absolute owner.
Mr. BI-AIR. Well, then, Mr. Speaker, I
do notifee what is to be gained by this bill. If
we are after all to arrive by some process at
the same right the citizen has already to pur-
chase the land, then  
