1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1359
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, if it is a short one.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. From the
tone of the gentleman's remarks it appears
that he proposes to impeach Andrew Johnson
for removing the Secretary of War, Edwin M.
Stanton. I ask him this question, whether it is
not a fact that Edwin M. Stanton is yet in the
War Office, performing the functions of that
office, and not removed at all? You propose
to impeach him for doing a thing you say your-
self he has not done, and has not the power to
do. Mr. Stanton is still exercising the func-
tions of the office.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I need make no dis-
tinction between the attempt to remove Mr.
Stanton and an actual removal. I do not know
whether Mr. Stanton is still exercising the
functions of that office or not. If he is not he
ought to be. I do know that the President
ordered him to vacate the War Office. It is a
removal in the eye of the law.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Then the
ground of impeachment is attempting to do a
thing which he failed to do?
Mr. INGERSOLL. By no means; but I
suppose there is criminality in the willful at-
tempt to violate the Constitution and the laws.
In all criminal codes provision is made for the
punishment of those who attempt with the
intent to commit a crime. But in this case it
s more than an attempt on the part of the
President; it is an accomplished fact, so far as
his act is concerned. In my opinion, the
President would be liable to impeachment if
he should attempt to violate the law he has
sworn to execute.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Or attempts
to subvert the Constitution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mostassuredlyhe would
be. What the President has no right to do he
hart no right to even attempt to do. Under the
Constitution he has no right to remove the Sec-
retary of War during the session of the Senate,
which he has done in this case, therefore he
has no right to attempt to remove him ; and if
he has done no more than attempt to remove
(he Secretary of War he has committed an
offense which should subject him to trial in the
high court of impeachment, and that is what
we propose now to do.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holjian]
dwelt upon the point that the President had
committed no offense in appointing Lorenzo
Thomas to the office of Secretary of War, be-
cause he was an Army officer, and had been
detailed to that duty by the President. Sir,
that is outside of the issue in this case, and has
nothing to do with it. So far as the criminal-
ity of the President is concerned, it makes no
difference whether he has appointed any one
Secretary ad interim; whether he appointed to
the place a child incapable of exercising any
of its duties or whether he left the office vacant
makes no difference ; the offense consists in his
removal of Edwin M. Stanton in violation of
the Constitution.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman yield
for a question ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will, if it take but a
moment.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman has spoken
of the removal of the heads of the Depart-
ments. The question is not of the special
power to appoint. Is the power to appoint
limited just as much and no more in regard to
heads of Departments as to otherofficers? Or
does the gentleman assume that there is no
distinction between the power of the President
over the heads of the Departments, under this
proviso of the tenure-of-office law, and his
power over other officers and their appoint-
ment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do assume that.
Mr. HOLM AN. Then let me say 
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot consent that
the gentleman shall argue his side of the case
durmg the time allotted to me. He has asked
ine a question and I have answered it.
1 as-ume that there is no substantial differ-
ence between the heads of the Departments
and other officers, so far as the right or author-
ity of the President is concerned in his power
of removal. So far I have based my argu-
ment upon the unconstitutionality of the act
of the President, independent of the tenure-of-
office law.
I now desire to call the attention of the
House to the law itself. And it is important
that we should inquire what is law. I will
define it to be an enactment of the supreme
legislative power of the State—the Congress
of the United States—in pursuance of the Con-
stitution. That is law, aud it is law to the
President of the United States just as much as
it is to you, or to me, or to any other citizen
of this Republic. And I hold that the Presi-
dent has no more discretion in regard to obey-
ing a law, and has no more right to question
it in reference to its constitutionality, than the
humblest citizen of the Republic—none what-
ever. He has do discretion or authority in
himself to determine whether a law he finds
upon the statute-book be constitutional or not.
Mr. ROSS. If it shall turn out that this
law is unconstitutional, will the gentleman
still hold that the President is guilty?
Mr. INGERSOLL. We are not to suppose
that the law is unconstitutional. There is but
one court that can determine the guilt or inno-
cence of the President, and that is the Senate
'of the United States when it shall have been
constituted a court to try this case under the
Constitution. My proposition is that the law
is a law unto the President as well as unto
any other citizen.
Mr. PRUYN. Who ever denied it?
Mr. INGERSOLL. The President and his
supporters here deny it. In this particular
case they hold that the tenure-of-office act is
unconstitutional, and therefore have the right
to ignore it and trample it under foot.
Mr. PRUYN. Is not the Constitution law
as well as an act of Congress, and is not the
President bound to obey it?
Mr. INGERSOLL. The Constitution is the
fundamental law, the supreme law of the land,
and the President ought to obey it. The im-
port and scope of the constitutional oath which
the President takes before entering upon the
discharge of the duties of his office require
him to take care that the laws be faithfully
executed.
Mr. PRUYN. The gentleman is wrong?
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is one of his duties
under the obligations of his official oath.
Mr. PRUYN. The oath is to preserve, pro-
tect, and defend the Constitution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Exactly so. Then, I
a°k, how can the President violate any pro-
vision of the Constitution without violating his
oath? He is bound to " take care" that the
laws be faithfully executed.
Mr. PRUYN. By Congress as well as by
the people.
Mr. INGERSOLL. And primarily by him-
self. The direct mandate of the Constitution
is to him. "He (the President) shall take care
that the laws be faithfully executed." And
how, I ask, can the President " preserve, pro-
tect, and defend the Constitution" if he vio-
lates the law himself and takes no care that the
lawsbefaithfullyexeciited? Why, sir, he swears
(does he not?) in his official oath to preserve,
protect, and defend the Constitution. And is
not a faithful execution of the laws included
within his oath?
Mr. PHELPS. He does not swear any such
thing as the gentleman said.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not say that lie
swears it; I say it is part of the Constitution
i! binding upon the President and covered by his
:! constitutional oath when he swears to preserve,
|| protect, and defend the Constitution of the
:! United States. He swears to do this.
ji Mr. PHELPS. The words the gentleman
,! quoted are not.in the oath.
}i Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not say, and have
I! not said, that the words in relation to the f'aith-
j; fitl execution of the laws are in the body of the
! oath, but that they are covered by the oath to
the same extent in fact as though they were
included in the body of the oath itself. The
gentleman has certainly misapprehended me.
Mr. Speaker, these gentlemen upon the other
side of the House who seek to justify the action
of the President in this case, upon the ground
that he has the constitutional power to pass
judgment upon a law of Congress and deter-
mine for himself whether or not the law is consti-
tutional, certainly do not understand the prin-
ciple involved in this case. What has the Con-
stitution provided? It has provided that the
President shall have power to fill up all vacan-
cies that may happen during the recess of the
Senate by granting commissions which shall
expire at the end of their next session. The
Constitution will be searched in vain to find
any clause wherein authority is conferred upon
the President, even by implication, to create a
vacancy at any time, much less when the Sen-
ate is in session. Even if the tenure-of-office
act is unconstitutional, the President cannot be
justified in the removal of Mr. Stanton in the
manner in which he has effected it. The limit
of the President's authority is in the Constitu-
tion of the United States and the laws made
in pursuance thereof. The Constitution no-
where confers the power to remove a Secretary
during the session of the Senate, neither is
there any law conferring this power upon the
President. He has acted in entire disregard
of the Constitution, and in direct opposition to
the requirements of the tenure-of-office law.
The President is merely an executive officer
and cannot rightfully exercise any of the func-
tions belonging to a judicial officer. The mode
provided in the Constitution for the removal
of civil officers of the United Slates is by im-
peachment. There is no other mode known
to the Constitution.
Mr. PRUYN. Will the gentleman allow
me to read from the Constitution the oath
which the President takes?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have not the time to
spare; and if I had I cannot see what effect
or bearing it would have on the point I am
now discussing. I know what the oath of the
President is as well as the gentleman does. I
know that he swears to preserve, protect, and
defend the Constitution of the United States;
that is a part of his oath.
Mr. Speaker, in the course of my remarks I
made the inquiry, '' what is a law ?" I answer,
a law is an enactment of the Congress—the
supreme legislative power of the Republic in
pursuance of the Constitution of the United
States. There is a certain power conferred
upon the President by the Constitution in re-
gard to the enactment of laws—the veto power.
He may, when a bill is presented to him to
sign, refuse to sign it or give his assent to it.
He may exercise the veto power if he desires
to. If he believes the bill passed by the legis-
lative power to be unconstitutional he returns
it, with his objections, to the House in which
it originated. Congress then, under the pro-
visions of the Constitution, must proceed to
reconsider the bill; and the question is, shall
the bill become a law, the veto of the Presi-
dent to the contrary notwithstanding? If both
Houses of Congress agree to pass the bill by a
two-thirds vote, and do so pass it, it becomes
a law, and a constitutional law, too, so far as
the President is concerned, and he is hound to
execute it. The power of the President to
interfere with that act ceases when he has exer-
cised his veto power—when the Congress of
the United States lias vetoed his veto; then he
is bound to execute the law precisely the same
as though he had, in the first instance, given
his assent to the act and signed it. It is too
late for him to say that the law is unconstitu-
tional after Congress by a two-thirds vote has
passed it over his veto.
I have given substantially the history of the
passage of the tenure-of-office law. That the
President has committed a gross and palpable
violation of that law no one here has denied.
His friends assume that that law is unconstitu-
tional, and the President assumes it. Sir, that,
