2384
THE CONGRESSION A L GLOB!
May 7,
Mr. JULIAN. We gaiu the settlement and
tillage of the land,
Mr. BLAIR. But the settler may go right
away and take another piece of land, selling
his first settlement as soon as he has got the
land in his possession.
Mr. JULIAN". Not under the law.
Mr. BRIG-US. Will the gentleman allow
me a word ?
^ Mr. BLAIR. I would like to use all my
time.
Mr. DRIGrGS. I understand the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Jui.ian] to stale that a
settler cannot eater other lands after he has
tajcon one piece. I understand, oil the con-
trary, that when he has paid for his land at the
eud of six months he can enter other lands
and get his patent.
Mr. JULIAN. No, sir ; I understand the
land office have ruled otherwise.
Mr. DRIGGS. I know of instances where
it has been done.
Mr. BLAllt. I will let the gentlemen settle
this dispute among themselves. I was about
to say that I am opposed to the whole policy
of this bill because it is calculated to fetter the
enterprise of the country. Now, if there is
any one thing which we have found to develop
the resources of the country and add to its
greatness it has been the fact that the people
are free. As I have already remarked, an
American does not wish to have anything that
he cannot sell. He is more or less a migratory
person. _ When he seeks to buy a farm he is
not willing to get one that he cannot sell or
trade away. Now, it has been the policy of
our Government to allow the people entire lib-
erty in all things, and I do insist that the same
policy ought to be pursued in regard to the
public lands. We should allow the people to
take up homesteads as they choose and encour-
age them to go and settle on the public lands.
And now, as to the question of monopoly of
the public lands, I undertake to say that there
is no monopoly of those lands to-day that Con-
gress itself is not entirely responsible for. That
statement is not so broad but that the facts
will bear me out in it.
If gentlemen will cast their eyes over the
country and see who are the owners of the
vast tracts of land, whether as corporations or
individuals, they will lind that they liavo be-
come owners under congressional grants for
railroad and other purposes. And all expe-
rience has proved that allowing the citizen to
trade in the public lands, to buy and sell them
as he chooses, does not cause monopoly; On
the contrary, it destroys monopoly. There
never was anything like as much danger of
monopoly in the public lauds as there is of
monopoly in com and the food of the people.
Have we not seen, over aud over again, a few
rich people raising the price of food, the very
life of the people'/ They frequently do it by
Combining together to purchase and hold it in
large quantities. But tins has not been the
case with the public lands, it cannot be done
with them, because the quantity is altogether
too great for the accomplishment of any such
pu rpose.
_ And then, again, whoever wishes to buy pub-
lic land will buy it for the purpose of selling
again. No man buys public laud to hoard it.
Sometimes, indeed, it is purchased with a view
to hold it for a time ; but in the main, those
■who go on the public lands go there to culti-
vate them, and it is for the benefit of the coun-
try. And it will be found that 110 new country
under the sun ever developed as the United
States has done. What is the reason? Be-
cause the lands are free and the people are free.
They buy land, and when they own it they sell
it as they choose. It is like horses and cattle;
or, as my friend has well said, it is like grain
and cotton. They sell and buy it when they
like.
And this, I think, is an answer to all that
the chairman of the committee has said, or
rather quoted from the publicists in foreign
countries. The difficulty there is that the lauds
are entailed. If you will just simply destroy
the law of primogeniture in England, it shall
break up the entire land monopoly in that
country in fifty years ; as soon as a generation
dies the land will all be divided as the great
estates fall to the various heirs of the families
that own them,
I repeat again, and I stand upon that ground
here, that in this matter, as in all others, it is
best to leave the people of the country to take
care of themselves and let them buy land if
they want to, keeping the benefits of both sys-
tems together. We not only have the benefits
of the homestead system now, but we have the
benefits of the other system along with it. They
do not interfere with each other.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, I think
it proper in considering the bill now before the
House to ascertain what has been the past his-
tory of the legislation of our country in refer-
ence to its public lands.
When the founders of our Government raised
the banner of revolt and sought a separate ex-
istence among the nations of the earth, one of
the counts in their immortal indictment of
George III, the Declaration of Independence,
read as follows:
" lie has endeavored to prevent the population of
these States, tor that purpose obstructing the laws
for the naturalization of loreigners, refusing to pass
others to encourage their immigration hither, awl
raining thecondiliouBof new appropriations of iantl."
The great men who founded the Government
perceived clearly that the land of a country was
the true foundation of all its prosperity, and
that it was of the utmost importance that the
soil should pass as speedily as possible into the
possession and ownership of the actual culti-
vators.
They perceived that the growth of the Col-
onies was due in a great degree to the cheap-
ness and abundance of the land within their
limits. Thomas 11. Benton, in a speech made
in the United States Senate in 1828, said :
41 Provinces which now form sovereign States were
sold from hand to hand lor a less sum than the fed-
eral Government now demands for an area of two
miles square. The State of Maine was sold by Sir
l'emando Gorges to the proprietors of the Massachu-
setts Bay for twelvo hundied pounds provincial
money."
In many of the original colonies along the
Atlantic coast the public lands were literally
given away, the only price in most oases being
the payment of "a penny" or a "pepper-
corn."
Those States which, after the Revolution,
possessed in their own right large tracts of un-
settled territory, pursued a like liberal policy ;
and the States of Kentucky, Tennessee, and
ten millions of acres in the State of Ohio were
under these State laws either donated outright
to actual settlers, or given to them under
homestead or preemption laws, or sold at two
cents per acre.
Unfortunately, however, the General Gov-
ernment was at first neither so wise nor so
liberal. It forgot that the settlement of the
country was due, in the main, to poor men
settling upon lands virtually given to them ;
it forgot that with enormous tracts of unsettled
country its first duty was to encourage immigra-
tion and settlement; its sole thought was to
derive revenue from the sale of the public
lands.
That great man, Edmund Burke, had said,
in the English House of Commons, in 1785 :
" The principal revenue which I propose to draw
from these uncultivated wastes is to spring from the
improvement and population of thekingdom ; events
infinitely more advantageous to the revenues of the
Crown than the rents of the best landed estates which
it can held. It is thus I would dispose of the un-
profitable landed estates of the (Jiown; throw them
into the mass of private property, by which they will
como, through the course of circulation, anrl through
/the political secretions of the State, into well regu-
lated revenue."
But the Government of the United States
was not at first prepared to adopt the wise and
liberal views of Air. Burke. It was determined
to wring revenue and direct revenue from the
public lands without regard to their settlement.
Hetiee they proscribed settlement; the settler
was " sjjgmatked as a trespasser and repulsed
as a criminal," and the lands were exposed at
public sale and sold to the highest bidder,
excepting the salt lands and lead mines, which
were retained by the Government, and rented
out on the most advantageous terms to private
persons.
Slowly, gradually, the broad principle enun-
ciated by Mr. Burke came to be more getier-
erally recognized. The legislators of the coun-
try began to perceive that the settlement and
cultivation of the country were essential t,o the
prosperity of the people, and the light slowly
dawned upon them that the prosperity of the
people was identical with the prosperity of the
nation.
In this protracted struggle of just views
against erroneous opinions the country was
greatly indebted to the labors of Hon. Thomas
H. Benton, of Missouri, and to the clear head
and liberal heart of Andrew Jackson, President
of the United States. President Jackson in
1832, in his message to Congress, anuounced
his conviction that as soon as the revolutionary
debt was paid (to the payment of which the
public lands were pledged) " they should cease
to be a subject of reveuue, and be disposed of
chiefly with a view to settlement and cultiva-
tion."
The history of the land legislation of the
United States is a history of the gradual approx-
imation of the laws of the nation to the wise
standard set up by Burke, Benton, and Jackson.
First in order came the preemption laws. I
need not enter into the details of these laws;
they are familiar to the House; nor need I
give the amendments which were from time to
time urged and added to the original measure,
and which were all more and more in favor of
the actual settler.
Then followed for years the struggle to ob-
tain the homestead law. Its piinciple was
founded on '* the universal belief " asserted by
Mr. Hayne, of South Carolina, "that the con-
quest of a country, the driving out of ' the
savage beasts and still more savage men,' cut-
ting down and subduing the forest and encoun-
tering all the hardships and vicissitudes neces-
sarily incident to the conversion of the wilder-
ness into cultivated fields, was fully worth the
fee-simple of the soil."
Having once asserted, in the language of
Jackson, the principle that the public lands
" should be disposed of with a view to settle-
ment and cultivation," the logical result was
the homestead law.
In the meantime various other measures
were adopted in reference to the public lands.
A fixed proportion of the lands in each town-
ship was donated by the General Government
to the States for the support of public schools.
No measure could have been better advised or
productive of more beneficent results. I need
not at this time enlarge upon the importance of
general education under a form of government
like our own, where the judgment ot the citizen
makes the laws and controls the destiny of the
nation, aud is the ultimate resort on all great
questions which agitate the nation. I can con-
ceive of a despotism resting securely upon an
ignorant and degraded people : but it seems to
me impossible to hope for the continuance of a
republic where those who make the laws aud
control the Government bring neither intelli-
gence nor enlightenment to the task. The ben-
eficial influences ot the public schools created
or maintained by these grants of land will con-
tinue to be felt as long as our race continues
to exist.
^ I lie grants of land made as bounties for ser-
vices in the naval and military service of the
country resulted in a large degree in contrib-
uting to the actual settlement of the countrv,
tue warrants in a great number of cases being
purchased by preemptors and others in the
actual occupancy of the land.
e policy of grants of public land for the
support of agricultural colleges in all Lhe States
has proved to be a most unjust, and takinkous
one for the ^ est. It is, in effect, a policy to
create and support great institutions in the
older aud wealthier States by inilietiug iucal-
