326
SUPPLEMENT TO
Vide domain like the reverberation of the guns
that opened their iron throats upon our flag at
'Sumter; and it has stirred theloyal heart of the
people again with the electric power that lifted
it to the height of the sublimest issue that ever
led a martyr to the stake or a patriot to the
battle-field. Thatpeopleishereto-day, through
its' Representatives on your floor and in your
galleries, in the persons alike of the veterans
who have been scarred by the irouhail of battle,
and of the mothers and wives and daughters
of those who have died that the Republic might
live, as well as of the commissioned expo-
nents of the public will, to demand the rewards
oftheir sacrifices and the consummation oftheir
triumph in the award of a nation's justice upon
this high offender.
And now as to the immediate issue, which I
propose to discuss only in its constitutional
ana legal aspects.
The great crime of Andrew Johnson, as al-
ready remarked, running through all his ad-
ministration, is that he has violated his oath
of office and his constitutional duties by the
obstruction and infraction of the Constitution
and the laws, and an endeavor to set up his
own will against that of the law-making power,
with a viewto a settled and persistent purpose
of forcing the rebel States into Congress on
his own terms, in the interests of the traitors,
and in defiance of the will of the loyal people
of the United States.
The specific offenses charged here, which
are but the culminating facts, and only the last
of a long series of usurpations, are an unlawful
attempt to remove the rightful Secretary of
War and to substitute in his place a creature
of his own, without the advice and consent of
the Senate, although then in session ; a con-
spiracy to hinder and prevent hitn from resum-
ing or holding the said office after the refusal
of the Senate to concur in his suspension, and
to seize, take, and possess the property of the
United States in said Department; an attempt
to debauch an officer of the Army from his
allegiance by inculcating insubordination to
the law in furtherance of the same objcct j the
attempt to set aside the rightful authority of
Congress and to bring it into public odium
and contempt, and to encourage resistance to
its laws by the open and public delivery of
indecent harangues, impeaching its acts and
purposes and full of threats and menaces
against it and the laws enacted by it, to (he
great scandal and degradation of his own high
office as President; and the devising and con-
triving of unlawful means to prevent the exe-
cution of the tcmire-of-officc, At-my appropri-
ation, and reconstruction acts of March 2,
1867.
To all of these which relate to the attempted
removal of the Secretary of War the answer is :
1. That the case of Mr. Stanton is not within
the moaning of the first section of the tenurc-
of-office act.
Second. That if it be, the act is unconstitu-
tional and void so far as it uudci takes to
abridge the power claimed by him of remov-
ing at any and all times all executive officers
for causes to be judged of by himself alone,"
as well as of suspending them indefinitely at
his sovereign will and pleasure ; and,
Third, That whether the actbe constitutional
or otherwise, it was his right, as he claims it
to have been his purpose, to disobey and vio-
late it with a view to the settlement of the ques-
tion of its validity by the judiciary of the Uni-
ted States.
And first, as to the question whether the
present Secretary of War was intended to be
comprehended within the first section of the
act referred to.
The defendant insists that he was not, for the
reason that he derived his commission from
Mr. Lincoln, and not being removed on his
accession, continued by reason thereof to hold
the office and administer its duties at his pleas-
ure only, without having at any time received
any appointment from himself: assuming, as
I understand, either that under the proviso to
the first section of this act the ease was not
provided for, or that by force of its express
language, his office was determined by the ex-
piration of the first term of the President who
appointed him.
The body, or enacting clause of this section,
provides that every person then holding any
civil office who had been appointed thereto by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
or who should be thereafter appointed to any
such office, should be entitled to hold until a
successor is appointed in the like manner.
It is clear, therefore, that its general object
was to provide for all cases, either then exist-
ing or to happen in the future.
It is objected, however, that so much of this
clause as refers to the heads of Departments is
substantially repealed by the saving clause,
which is in the following words:
"Provided, That tho Secretaries of State, of the
Treasury, ot War, of the Navy, and of the Interior,
the Postmastor General, and the Attorney General,
shall hold their offices respectively for and during
the term of tho President by whom they may have
been appointed, and for one month thereafter, sub-
ject to removal by and with tho advice and consent
of tho Senate."
This proviso was the result of a conference
on the disagreeing votes on the amendment of
the House striking out the exception in favor
of the heads of Departments, and was sug-
gested—if he may be excused the egotism—by
the individual who now addresses you, and to
whom, as the mover and advocate of tho
amendment, was very naturally assigned the
duty of conducting the negotiation on the part
of the House, for tho purpose of obviating the
objection taken in debate on this floor by one
of the Senate managers, that the effect of the
amendment would be to impose on an incom-
ing President a Cabinet that was not. of his own
selection. I may be excused for speaking of
its actual history, because that has been made
tiie subject of comment by the learned counsel
who opened this case on behalf of the Presi-
dent. If it was intended or expected that it
should so operate as to create exceptions in
favor of an officer whoso notorious abuse of
power was the proximate cause, if not the im-
pelling motive for the enactment of the law, I
did not know it. It, will be judged, however,
by itself, without reference cither to the par-
ticular intent of him who may have penned it,
or to any hasty opinion that may have been ex-
pressed in cither House as to the construction
of which it might be possibly susceptible.
The argument of the defendant rests upon
the meaning of the word "appointed." That
word has both a technical and a popular one.
In the former, which involves the idea of a
nomination and confirmation in the constitu-
tional way, there was no appointment certainly
by Mr. Johnson. In the latter, which is the
sense in which the people will read it, there
unquestionably was. What, then, was meant
by the employment, of this word?
It is a sound and well-accepted rule in all
the courts, in exploring the meaning of the
law-giver, especially in cases of remedial stat-
utes, as I think this is, if it is not rather to be
considered as only a declaratory one in this par-
ticular, to look to tho old law, the mischief
and the remedy, and to give a liberal construc-
tion to the language in for or cm libertatis, in
order to repress the mischief and advance the
remedy: taking the words used in their ordi-
nary and familiar sense, and varying the mean-
ing as the intent, which is always the polar
| star, may require. Testing the case by this
: rule what is to be the construction here?
j The old law was—not the Constitution—but a
i vicious practice that had grown out of a pre-
I ccdent involving an early and erroneous con-
: struction of that instrument, if it was intended
j so to operate. The mischief was that this prac-
i ticehad rendered the officers of the Government,
; and among them the heads of Departments, the
] most powerful and dangerous of them all, from
j their assumed position of advisers of thePres-
I ident, by the very dependency of their tenure,
I the mere ministers of his pleasure, and the
slaves of his imperial will, that could at any
moment, and as the reward of an honest and
independent opinion, strip them of their em-
ployments, and send them back into the ranks
of the people. The remedy was to change
them from minions and flatterers into men, by
making them free, and to secure their loyalty
to the law by protecting them from the power
that might constrain their assent to its viola-
tion. To accomplish this object it was neces-
sary that the law should cover all of them,
high and low, present and prospective. That
it could have been intended to except the most
important and formidable of these function-
aries, either with a view to favor the present
Executive, or for the purpose of subjecting the
only head of a Department who liad the con-
fidence of Congress to his arbitrary will, is as
unreasonable and improbable, as it is at vari-
ance with tho truth of the fact and with the
obvious general purposes of the act.
For the President of the United States to
say, however, now, after having voluntarily
retained Mr. Stanton for more than two years
of his administration, that he was there only
by sufferance, or as a mere movable, or heir-
loom, or incumbrance that had passed to him
with the estate, and not by virtue of his own
special appointment, if not "paltering with the
people in a double seuse," has very much the
appearance of a not very respectable quibble.
The unlearned man who reads the proviso—as
they for whose perusal it is intended will read
it—and. who is not accustomed to handle the
metaphysic scissors of the professional casuists
who are able "to divide a liair 'twixt west
and northwest side," while he admits the in-
genuity of the advocate, will stand amazed, if
he does not scorn the officer who would stoop
to the use of such a subterfuge.
Assuming, however, for tho sake of argu-
ment, that the technical sense is to prevail,
what is to be its effect? Why only to make the
law-giver enact a very unreasonable and impos-
sible thing, by providing in words of th e future
tense, that the commission of the officer shall
expire nearly two years before the passage of
the law, which is a construction that the gen-
eral rule of law forbids 1 To test this let us
substitute for tho general denominational
phrases of "Secretary of War, of State, and
of the Navy," the names of Messrs. Seward,
Stanton, and Welles, and for that of tho
President who appointed thom, the name of
Lincoln, and the clause will read: "1'rovided,
That Messrs. Seward, Stanton, and Welles,
shall hold their offices respectively for and dur-
ing the term of Abraham Lincoln, and for one
month thereafter." The effect will then be to
put you in the position ef having enacted not
only an absurdity, but an impossibility. But
on this there arc at least two rules of inter-
pretation that start up in the way of the solu-
tion. The first is that it is not respectful to
the Legislature to presume that it ever intended
to enact an absurdity, if the case is suscepti
ble of any other construction ; and the second
that—
"Acts of Parliament that are impossible to be
i'l performed aro of no validity; and if there arise
' I out of them collaterally any absurd consequences
I manifestly contradictory to common reason, tlioy
I are, with regard to these collateral eonscquene.es,
] void."—1 JUcwkstonc'8 Commentaries, 91.
I If the effect of the proviso, however, upon
! something analogous to the doctrine of cy pres,
I or, in other words, of getting as near to its mean-
, ing as possible, was to determine the office
! at the time of the passage of the law, then,
on the other hand, the retention of the officer
by the President for five months afterward,
and through an intervening Congress, without a
commission or even anomination, was a breach
of the law, and therefore a misdemeanor in it-
self; which he could hardly plead, and would
scarcely ask you to affirm, against the general
presumption of the faithful performance of offi-
cial duty for the purpose of sheltering him from
the consequences of still another violation of
the law.
Assuming again, however, that, as is claimed
