4432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
the inadvertent omission of one revenue stamp
of the value of five cents, for which omission
only the acting Commissioner of Patents did,
on the 12th day of July, 18GG, refuse to extend
the patent. The resolution proposes, there-
fore, to direct the Commissioner of Patents to
extend the term of the patent for seven years
from and after the 13ih day of July, 1806.
The patent so extended is to have the same
Validity, force, and effect as though the exten-
sion had been allowed and certified by the
Commissioner of Patents, in accordance with
the eighteenth section of the patent act, ap-
proved July 4, 1836, before the expiration of
the original term.
Mr. JENCKES. This bill sufficiently ex-
plains itself. ^ It is the case of an application
for an extension in which everything was regu-
larly proved to the satisfaction of the Commis-
sioner, but from the omission of a five cent
Stamp on one of the papers the then acting
commissioner was not satisfied that he should
take jurisdiction of the case. Hence he rejected
the application. It enables the Commissioner
of Patents to act on the case as he would have
done if the five cent stamp had been attached.
It makes no grant of any right.
M!r. MAYNARD. Has the gentleman given
this matter his personal examination ?
Mr. JENCKKS. It was considered by the
Committee on Patents, and reported on favor-
ably.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EVENING STAR NEWSPAPER COMPANY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
■was an act (S. No. 209) to incorporate the
Evening Star Newspaper Company; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. VFELKER. I move that the bill be
put on its passage.
The bill was read. It proposes to create
and declare Crosby S. Noyes, Clarence B.
Baker, Alexander II. Shepherd, George W.
Adams, and Samuel H. Kauffmann, and their
associates and successors, a body corporate
and politic, by the name and style of the Even-
ing Star Newspaper Company of Washington,
for the purpose of carrying on the business of
printing and publishing at the city of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, with the
usual powers and privileges of a corporation,
The capital stock of the company is not to be
less than $100,000, nor more than $200,000,
in shares of $1,000 each. It is also provided
that each stockholder shall be individually
liable for the debts of the company to the
extent of his stock at its par value.
Mr. SHANKS, I move that the bill be
laid upon the table.
A Member. Mr. Wallach's name is not in
the bill.
Mr. SHANKS. I thought it was. I with-
draw the motion.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UMATILLA RESERVATION.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 215) to vacate and sell the
Umatilla reservation, in the State of Oregon;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the bill be put
on its passage.
The bill was read. The first section directs
the superintendent of Indian affairs for the
State of Oregon, if practicable, to negotiate a
treaty with the Indians now living on the Uma-
tilla reservation in that State, providing for
the relinquishment by said Indians to the Uni-
ted States of their right and claim to the res-
ervation, and for their removal to soma other
reservation or reservations to be selected in
said State or in the Territory of Washington,
and to be described in the treaty, and it appro-
priates $2,000 for the purpose of defraying the
expenses of the treaty. The second section
requires that provision shall be made in the
proposed treaty securing to the Indians the
lull value of their lands, together wiLli the
value of all improvements thereon, and that
no part of the lands shall be sold for less than
$1 25 an acre.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not think there is
any nrgent necessity to pass this bill now.
Mr. WINDOM. It reduces the number of
agents in Oregon and the expenses of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
john f. mascuek's patent.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 295) for the relief of Eliza
Mascher, widow of John F. Mascher; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It proposes to authorize
Eliza Mascher, administratrix of John P. Mas-
cher, deceased, who obtained a patent No.
9611, for an improvement in daguerreotype
cases, dated the 8th of March, 18515, with addi-
tional improvement, No. 134, annexed to said
original patent, dated 19th of February, 1850,
for fourteen years, which expired on the 8th
day of March, 18tl7, to apply to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for the extension of said
patent for seven years, under the regulations
now in force for the extension of patents, as
if she had made application previous to its ex-
piration, as required by law : and the Commis-
sioner of Patents is directed'to investigate and
decide the application for extension on the
same evidence and in the same manner as other
applications for extension are decided. The
application for extension is to be made within
thirty days after the approval of this act, and
the decision of the Commissioner rendered
within ninety days after the filing of the appli-
cation in the Patent Office. Nothing in this
act is to be so construed as to hold responsible
in damages any person who may have manu-
factured or used the daguerreotype cases, with
theimprovementandadditionaforesaid, or used
cases containing the improvement and addition
aforesaid, between the expiration of the patent
and the approval of this act. The Commisioner
shall be satisfied before granting such extension
that it will insure entirely to the benefit of the
said Eliza Mascher.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
think this ought to pass.
Mr. MYERS-. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill
merely for the correction of an error, ltgrants
no extension, but simply allows a poor woman,
the widow of a very worthy man, well known
in Philadelphia, to apply and obtain the de-
cision of the Commissioner of Patents, as
though no mistake had been made. I demand
the previous question.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 30, noes 30 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Myers,
and Washbubne of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 88, noes 31.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the bill was read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ISRAEL T. CANBY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 428) for the relief of the
sureties of Israel T. Canby, late receiver of
public moneys at Crawfordsville, Indiana;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill proposes to release the sureties of
Israel T. Canby. late receiver of public moneys
at the land office at Crawfordsville, Indiana,
from all liability arising from any defalcation,
omission, or misconduct of his as such re-
ceiver ; and it directs the proper officers of the
Treasury Department to dismiss any and all
suits and actions that may have been insti-
tuted against the sureties, and to enter the
proper discharges on the books of the Depart-
ment.
Mr. WARD. I think this bill should go to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. KERR. I hope not. I desire to say a
word.
Mr. WARD. I yield to the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. KERR. This is not a very important
bill so far as the Government is concerned,
but it is important to the parties interested in
it. It passed the Senate by an almost unani-
mous vote. I hold in my hand a report by
Senator Willey from the committee to whom
it was referred, giving the entire history of the
suit, stating the amounts that have been real-
ized by the Government heretofore, the amount
that remains uncollected, the amount of assets
that have come into the hands of the Govern-
ment officers from time to time, and showing
in the clearest possible manner that justice
cannot be done to these sureties, except by the
dismissal of this suit. I will read the conclu-
sion of the report.
Mr. ORTH. I desire to ask if the gentleman
has the names of the three sureties referred to.
Mr. KERR. [ have.
Mr. ORTH. Who are they ?
Mr. KERR. They are Nathan B. Palmer,
of Indianapolis, Michael G. Bright and Jere-
miah Sullivan, of Madison, Indiana, all of
whom are now venerable in years, and two of
them very feeble in health.
Mr. ORTH. All right.
Mr. KERR. I will now read the conclusion
of the Senate report on this subject.
" Considering the great length of time which has
elapsed since the original detault of the principal;
considering tho fact that only three of his sureties are
nowiivmg; considering the tachesoi the Government
in not making an earlier adjustment ol the case, when
the laots involved in it could have been easily and
certainly ascertained, for the noglcct ol doing which
no reason whatever is shown; considering the tact
apparent on the face of the foregoing statement that
sullicicnt effects ot the said Canby Had been trans-
terrod to and placed in the hands ot the officers and
agents of the Government, which, it those agents and
pincers had exercised reasonable diligence, would
have realized an amount amply sufficient to have
satisfied the default aforesaid ot the said Canby; con-
sidering that the Government was so thoroughly con-
vinced that said ellects were more than sufficient lor
its purposes it voluntarily released to said Canby a
portion ot said effects, to wit: what is called in the
foregoing statement the Illinois lands; considering
the tacts admitted that prior to October 10,1S-15, theio
had been realized and accounted for to the Govern-
ment outof the eSects so transferred to the Govern-
ment as aforesaid the sum of S3),691 S3 in cash, and
that the Government then still had in its hands notes
taken for sale of lands of said (Janby, S32.G55 So, and
notes transferred by Canby to the Government for
the turther sum ot ^10,1X57 (36, and that the Govern-
ment had under its control other lands of the said
Canby still unsold; considering that the Government
is now unable to account for said notes, lands, <te.
ftl i ng lt Probable that portions of said note, may
have been collected by its agents and not accounted
tor, and the remainder, m whole or in part, may have
asto™ndeSl?fe-d hVthe- a^nts of the Government
fl then- collection at tm3 time impractica.-
riL';, i • .considering that the Government havmsr
received under its own control, of the effects of said
it for his said default, which
ecf or tw ™ ^ iully mailable through Us own neg-
acents  nrt ^Sl!SCDCf® if?d do/aait °f its authorised
means' nl^i! 1 , * ""able to account for the
"stands the committea are of
defSHk of th« W-°U! 'IT'r thirty-fiveyears after tho
h?s few sur^vin"1C0lpal^e harsl1 !,nd unjust to make
rew surviving securities responsible Thev there-
fore recommend the passage ot the said bill®'
S£e,ak?r> addition, I invite attention
o the affidavits ot Judge Sullivan in reference
to some of the facts and the history of this case.
fr j-an 18 an ex-judge of the supreme
couit ot Indiana, and all these surviving sure1-
ties are gentlemen of the highest respectability
