1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3409
the present bonded warehouse system. What
was a great source of fraud upon the bonded
warehouses B before, or under the present law,
was the removal of liquor for the purpose of
rectification and not putting it back, or putting
back something different, or making that a
cover for various kinds of fraud. There is no
allowance of removal for rectifying at all under
this bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask whether or not, in the
removal of spirits in bond heretofore, they did
not defraud the Government by triplicate per-
mits of collectors?  
Mr. SCITENCK. Yes, sir; and if the gen-
tleman will be patient I will come to that if I
have time in my five minutes. I say there is
no removal for rectifying; and no man can
rectify unless he takes whisky tax paid.
How is it in regard to duplicate and tripli-
cate bonds? All that is distinctly guarded
against in this bill. If gentlemen will look at
section fifty-two and the four or five following
sections tbey will see how the committee have
provided against fraud. You can remove it,
but when once removed bonds are to be taken
in triplicate. Then every person is held re-
sponsible along the route from the distillery
warehouse to the exportation warehouse. It
is all named in the bill. It is a perfect guard,
and has no likeness to anything contained in
the present law.
Now, what is the present law in regard to
other matters? The other day the cities of
Cincinnati, Chicago, and perhaps other points
at the West, were thrown open so as to have
removed to them from the sea board all sorts
of goods, wares, and merchandise, including
foreign liquors of every kind, with next to no
guards thrown around them, the tax to be paid
when they reached a point in the interior,
which is made for that purpose a port of entry.
On the way, before the duty is paid, they are
liable to all these frauds, tenfold more than are
now possible under the transportation of dis-
tilled spirits at home. Thus, while you encour-
age almost as it were every sort ot looseness
in reference to foreign goods you propose to
break down entirely all that relates to the
exportation of a portion of the products of
our own country.
Now, sir, I am perfectly willing that the
Committee of the Whole shall settle this ques-
tion as they please, only I want them to under-
stand what they are settling. If the amend-
ment which is proposed prevails, then there
can be no more exportation of alcohol or rum
from this country. It puts an end to it entirely.
That is the question gentlemen are to meet.
1 do not care whether it goes from Boston or
New York, or whether there is any interest in
the interior of the country. Let it go from
whatever quarter it ma'y, it is just so much
contributed toward turning the balance of
trade in our favor and helping us pay our for--
eign debt. I therefore think it expedient, and
I voted in the committee to sustain the idea
that while we were throwing every guard
around the Government to secure its revenue
from this source, it would be unwise to break
down a trade which was so much to the interest
of the people of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask my colleague
to withdraw the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I renew it. I desire
to say that if the bill is not now so framed as
to provide for a drawback for export it cer-
tainly can be so framed. I desire to say, fur-
ther, that we arc legislating now for the pro-
tection of the revenues of the Government. I
do not understand this legislation to be in the
interests of distillers; it is not for the purpose
of promoting the manufacture ot whisky ; but
we say to these men, '' You may manufacture
it, but you must pay." We are legislating
now for the purpose of securing to the Gov-
ernment this tax. We are hedging these men
about in every possible manner, as though we
were legislating against scoundrels and knaves.
We are not, then, in their interest, and it is
40th Cong. 2r> Skss.—No. 214.
no great hardship, it seems to me, to require
these men, if tbey wish to export, to agree to
pay the tax in the first instance the same as if
they were manufacturing anything else, and
when they prove it give them a drawback.
Secure the Government its revenue and cut off
all this machinery and all opportunity for fraud
by taking the spirits from the first warehouse.
Mr. BUTLER. The difficulty with the draw-
back is. men export a great deal of whisky and
never pay any tax. They want the Government
to pay the drawback.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I do
not see how that can be done under this bill.
Gentlemen say that we can collect under this
bill all the tax on whisky. If you collect all
the tax before it is removed from the distillery
I do not see how they can export whisky that
has not paid the tax. But the tax will not be
collected by a long shot if you allow them to
remove the whisky from the still. There is
where the fraud comes in every time. I am in
favor of commerce, but we are not legislating
here in the interest, of commerce or of whisky.
It is not for- the purpose of promoting com-
merce, but of collecting the tax on whisky that
we are legislating. Then let us tax it before
they remove it. If they can prove that they
have paid the tax when they want to export
the liquor give them a drawback. By putting
the tax so low now that they can pay it there
will be no pretense that manufacturers cannot
afford to pay it, and let him wait a little while
if he is going to export his liquor as the man-
ufacturers of any other article do.
Mr. INGERSOLL. How long will the Gov-
ernment retain the tax in its vaults before it
allows the drawback?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Untilthemanmoves
his whisky, until he puts it on board ship and
starts it for a foreign port.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That will not do. You
must wait until you know it has reached its
destination.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well; let the
gentleman who framed the bill put it in shape.
I do not care if it takes twelve months. If a
man wants to export whisky let him pay the
tax on it, as every other manufacturer does
before he moves his goods.
Mr. PILE. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment; and I avail myself of the opportunity of
correcting a misstatement made by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means—
made wholly unintentionally, of course. I
understood him to say that under the bill which
passed some ten (lays or two weeks ago, goods,
wares, or merchandise, including distilled spir-
its, could be transported from the sea-board
ports of enfry to the interior ports of entry
without restriction or any bond or guarantee
that the Government should not be defrauded
of the duties 011 these goods. Distilled spirits
are especially excepted from that bill, and the
transportation of all goods is to be under proper
bonds. I have the bill in my hand as it passed
the House, and the language is, •' that any
goods, wares, or merchandise, other than dis-
tilled spirits."
Mr. SCHENCK. Was not tliat put in dur-
ing the progress of the bill through the House?
Mr. PILE. It was.
Mr. SCHENCK. It certainly was not in
the original bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I was speaking of the law
as it exists to-day, and not of any bill that has
passed the House.
Mr. PILE. I was correcting a statement ;
made by the chairman of the committee. I j
wish to say in addition that as the law exists i
to-day all goods, wares, and merchandise of |
every character, including distilled spirits and j
all kinds of imported liquors can be trans-
ported from any sea-board port of entry—New j
York. Boston, or any other sea-board port—to j
St. Louis, Cincinnati, or Chicago, without the j
payment of duties, upon the owner, agent, or ;
consignee giving a bond to the custom-house j
officer at such Atlantic port of entiy for the 1
payment of the duties when the good3 arrive, I
and under this system of transportation the I
experience of the Government is that there is
110 danger of fraud. I have seen no revenue
officer, either in Washington or elsewhere, who
claims that the transportation of goods in this
way under bonds lias resulted in frauds. Now,
then, if we can transport imported goods,
including distilled spirits, from an Atlantic
port of entry to an interior port of delivery,
aud there require the payment of the duties on
arrival, I do not see why we cannot, under the
stringent provisions of this bill, transport dis-
tilled spirits from any interior portion of the
country to the sea-board for the purpose of
exportation.
Mr. COVODE. I heard the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, as well as
the gentleman from Missouri, say that under
the bill lately passed, foreign spirits could be
transported in bond. That is a mistake. That
was stricken out, and the bill relates to other
merchandise, not spirits.
Mr. PILE. I was now speaking of the law
as it exists at present, and not of the bill that
passed the House some days ago. We are
transporting from New York to St. Louisevery
week imported wines and brandies paying the
duties when we withdraw them at the ware-
house at St. Louis under the bond given in
New York. And while it may be true, as
stated by the gentleman from Illinois, that we
are not legislating specifically in the interest
of commerce in this bill, yet when our com-
merce has been driven from the seas by the war
and by our unfriendly and narrow-minded legis-
lation on the subject of commerce, we ought
not in this bill to strike an additional blow
that will crush out and extirpate $4,000,000
of foreign trade, thus increasing the balance
of trade against us, to take gold out of the
country and send gold up and Government
securities down. It is the blindest policy of
legislation ever adopted in any country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. SHELL ABARGER._ I renew it. Mr.
Chairman, with my imperfect knowledge in
regard to matters of this sort I would not feel
justified in saying a word about it were it. not
that a very large interest in my district, which
has come to me personally since 1 returned to
my seat m the House, has implored me to pay
some attention to this matter now under consid-
eration. The representations that are brought
to me by very intelligent and very largely ex-
perienced men engaged in this traffic, and also
my own personal observation on. this subject,
compel me to conclude that this whole plan of
permitting whisky to be removed in any sthape,
or under any possible provisions of law, from
the place of distillation, is to leave open the
most dangerous avenues and means of fraud
from which the Government is now suffering
so much.
My friend here, [Mr. Schenck,] who has,
perhaps, bestowed more labor u pon this subject,
and who probably understands it better than
any other man in the country, will admit that
it is impossible for any ingenuity or any skill
to completely provide against the means of
fraud that are necessarily furnished by any bill
which, like this, embraces in it permission for
transporting throughout the continent, aud
without having paid the tax, all the distilled
spirits made in the country. The very nature
of the case excludes the conclusion that the
laws can restrain these frauds when we keep
in mind the ingenuity of fraud aud the cor-
ruptibility of the instruments which the Gov-
ernment is compelled to employ in enforcing
the law. That old trinity of "Ls" which
says, "Love laughs at locks," has already, in
the Government's experience in failure to
defeat these frauds, been duplicated in another
which says, "Liquor laughs at laws." The
chairman of the committee assures us that his
bill contains the most stringent provisions and
requires ample bonds before any removal, that
a particular route shall be taken in going to the
warehouse, and all that. I do not maintain
that his bill is not stringent, or is not the best
