SUPPLEMENT TO
functionaries who .surround,him; and that it
is not. only not essential to the performance of
their duty under the Jaw that the lxeads of De-
partments should be the mere passive, instru-
ments of bat the very contrary.
, Fpoii this brief statement of the argument
it would-sfeem as if there could be no reason-
able doubt as to the meaning of the Constitu-
tion, But the high delinquent who is now on
trial, feeling that he cannot safely rest his case
here,_and.shrinking from the inexorable logic
that rules it against him, takes refuge in the
past, and claims to have found a new Constitu-
tion that suits him better than the old one, in
the judicial authorities, in the opinion of the
Commentators, in the enlightened professional
$jid public sentiment of the nation, and in a
legislative practice and construction that are
tjoeyal with the Government,and have continued
without interruption until the present time.
A little "inquiry, however, will show that here
is-110 altar of sanctuary, no city of refuge there,
to shelter the greatest of the nation's malefac-
tors from the just vengeance of a betrayed and
indignant people.
And first, as to judicial authority. There
are but three cases, I think, wherein these ques-
tions have ever come up for adjudication be-
fore the Supreme Court of the United States,
and in all of them the decisions have been
directly in conflict with the theory and pre-
tensions of the President.
The first was the familiar one of Marbury
6s. Madison, 1 Crunch, 256, made doubly mem-
orable by the fact that it arose out of one of
the so-called midnight appointments made by
tftd elder Adams—the same, by the way, whose
casting vote as an executive officer turned the
scale in favor of the power to which he was
destined to succeed in the I'n-.sl Congress of
1789, on the eve of his retirement—under a law
which had been approved only the day before,
authorizing the appointment of five justices of
the peace for the District of Columbia, to serve
respectively for the term of live years. The
Commission in question had been duly signed
and registered, but was withhold by his suc-
cessor (.Jefferson) on the ground that the act
was incomplete without a delivery. It was not
claimed By him that the appointment was re-
vocable if oneo consummated. If it had been,
the resistance would have been unnecessary,anil
the assertion of the right to the ollice an idle
one. _ Chief Justice Marshall, in delivering the
opinion of the court, holds this language :
""Where an ofliecr is removable r,t tlm wiil of tho
Executive, tho circumstance which completed hid
appointment is of no conscqnence, becauso the net i*
 Uiuy time revocable. Jlut where tho olHcei is not
removable at tho will of ttic Hxeeutivo, I he appoint-
ment is not rovocnblo mid cannot be annulled.
Having once made tho appointment his power over
tho Oiliee is terminated in all cawes where by law the
officer is not removable by him. Then, as tho law
creating the office gave tho right to hold for live
years independent of tho Executive, tho appoint-
ment was not revocable, but vested in the ofTu-er legal
rights that aro protected by the laws of his country."
The point ruled here is precisely tho same as
that involved in the tenure-of-otlice aet. to wit:
that Congress may define the tenure of any
office it creates, and that once fixed by law it
is no longer determinable at the will of any-
body—the act being a mere substitution of the
will of the nation- for that of the Executive,
by giving that will the form of law, which is,
indeed, the only form that, is consistently ad-
missible in a government ot law. The present
Executive insists—as J eft'erson did not—that he
hastily power under the Constitution to remove
or suspend at any and ail times any executive
officer whatever for causes to be judged of by
himself alone : andthat. intheopinion ofliis ad-
visers, thispower cannotbe lawfully leslrained ;
which is in effect to claim the power to appoint
without the advice and consent of the Senate,
as he has just now done, as well as to remove.
The nexit ease in order is that of ex parte
ileenau, reported in 13 Peters, which involved
a question as to the right of the judge of the
district court of Louisiana to remove, at his
discretion, a clerk appointed by him indefi-
nitely uuder the law. The court say there—
Thompson, Justice, delivering the opinion—
that-
'll! offices, the tenure of which is not fixed by the
Constitution, or limited by law, must be held either
during good behavior or at the will and discretion
of some department of the Government.andsubject
to removal at ple&sure."
And again that—
"In the absence of all constitutional provisions or
statutory regulation it would seem to be a sound and
necessary rule to consider the power of removal as
an incident to the power to appoint."
They add, however—
"But it was very early adopted as the practical
construction that the power was vested in the Presi-
dent alone,and that such would appearto have been
the legislative construction, because in establishing
the three principal Departments of State, War, ana
Treasury, they recognized the power of removal in
tho President, although by the act of 1798, establish-
ing the Navy Department, tho reference was not by
name to him/''
The result was that upon the principles thus
enunciated, involving tho exception as to cases
where the tenure was limited by law, as laid
down in Marbury vs. Madison, they declared
the power of removal to have been well exer-
cised by the judge who made the appointment
under the law, for the reason only that it was
an incident thereto.
It is well worthy of remark, however, in this
connection, that although what is thus gratui-
tously said as to tho practical construction in
opposition to the rule there recognized does
not conflict in any way with the doctrine of
Marbury vs. Madison, it is entirely at variance,
as seems to bo confessed, with the decision
itself, which, on the doctrine of Mr. Madison
in the debate ofl789, that the power of removal
was a strictly executive one, and passed by
the general grant of the Constitution, unless
expressly denied or elsewhere lodged, must have
been inevitably the other way, because in that
case it must have resulted, not to the judge,
but to the President. Whether a mere per-
missive, sub sile)Uio, exercise of a power like
this, or even a temporary surrender on grounds
of personal confidence or party favor, where it
perhaps violated no constitutional interdict, and
was, in point of fact, authorised as to all but
the superior offices, can raise a prescription
against a constitutional right, or how many
laws it will require to abrogate the fundamental
law, I will net stop now to inquire. It is sulli-
cient for my purpose that the case decides that
the power ofreniovai is but an incident to the
power of appointment, and that, of course, it
can be exercised only by the same agencies, as
tho tenure-of-office act exactly provides.
The next and last case is that of the United
States ex relatione, rs. Guthrie, reported in 17
Howard, 28 I, which was an application for a
■umiu/timuH to the Secretary of the Treasury to
compel liiui to pay the salary of a territorial
judge in Minnesota, who had been removed by
the President before the expiration of his term,
which was fixed by law at four years. The
case was dismissed upon the doctrine that the
proceeding was not a proper one to try the
title to an ollice, and therefore the question of
the power to remove was not disposed of or
discussed, except by Justice MeLam, who dis-
sented on the main point and felt called upon,
of course, to pass upon the other. I refer to
his opinion mainly for the purpose of borrow-
ing, with <i part of tho argument, an important
statement in relation to the views of the bench
that was almost coeval with the Constitution
itself on this question. He says, on pugei30t>:
"There Kieat cuntr.uirty of opinion in Con-
i'ress on tins power. With tile experience we now
have in regaid to its exorcise there is great doubt
whether the jnosc enlightened statesman would not
m come to a different <• metusion."
i The power referred to was that of the re-
■i m oval by the President of the heads of the
;! principal Departments of the Government, as
'[ conceded by the acts of 1789.
! " The Attorney General calls this1 a constitutional
1 power. There is no such power given in the Consti-
i tution. It is presumed to be in the President from
the power of appointment. This piesumption, I
i think, is unwise and iSlogioal. The reasoning is:
, The President and Senate appoint to office; there-
lore the President may remove from olfice. A ow, the
argument v/outd be legitimate if tho power to re-
move were inferred tu be the same that appoints.
"It was supposed that the exercise of thispower
by the President was necessary for the efticienr, dis-
charge of executive duties; that to consult tho Sen-
ate in making removals the same as making appoint-
ments would be too tardy for the corrcetion of abuses.
By a temporary appointment the public service is
now provided for in case of death; and the same pro-
vision could be made where immediate removals are
necessary. The Senate, when called upon to fill the
vacancy, would pass upon the demerits of the late
incumbent.
"This, I have n'ever doubted, was the true con-
struction of the Constitution; and I am abie to say
it was the opinion of the late Supreme Court with
Marshall at its head.".
And again:
" If the power to remove from office may be inferred
from the power to appoint, both the elements of tho
appointing power aro necessarily included. The
Constitution has declared what shall be the execu-
tive power to appoint, and, by consequence, the same
power should be exercised in a removal."
It will be said, perhaps, that all this is quali-
fied by the remark that "this power of removal
has been, perhaps, too long established and
exercised to be now questioned." It is enough,
however, to refer to the observation which fol-
lows, that "the voluntary action of the Senate
and the President would be necessary to change
the practice," to show what was meant by him.
Such events as our eyes have witnessed, and
such a conjuncture of affairs following fast upon
their heels as would leave the Executive with
all hisformidable patronage and ail the prestige
of his place, without even the meager support
of a third in either House, were scarcely within
the range of human probability. When he
remarks, therefore, that it was ''perhaps too
late to question it," he means, of course, "to
question it successfully," as the context shows,
if he had meant otherwise he would not have
referred to a voluntary change of practice as
operating a corresponding change of the Con-
stitution. He was too good a lawyer and too
large a statesman to affirm that the fundamental
law of a great State could be wrested from its
true construction either by the errors of the
Legislature, or the toleration of a mischievous
practice and a monster vice for less than eighty
years.
It is apparent, then, from all the cases, that
the judicial opinion, so far from sustaining the
view of the President, settles at least two
points which are fatal to his pretensions : first,
that Congress may so limit the tenure of an
office as to render the incumbent irremovable
except by the process of impeachment; and
second, that the power to remove, so far as it
exists, is but an incident to the power to
appoint.
Nor is it any answer to say, as has been
claimed in debate on this floor, that these were
cases of inferior offices where, under the Con-
stitution, it was within the power of Congress
to regulate them at its discretion. There is
nothing in the provision as to inferior offices
to distinguish them from others beyond tbe
mere article of appointment. This is a ques-
tion of tenure, and that is equally undefined
as to both, except in the few cases specially
enumerated therein. It was equally within the
power of Congress to regulate in one case as
in the other. The right to regulate is a neces-
sary result of the right to create. When it
establishes an office, as it has established the
departmental bureaus, by law, it lias, of neces-
sity, the right to prescribe its duties and say
how long it shall be held and when it shall
determine. When it does say so, it can hardly
be maintained with any show of reason that a
power which is only implied from the fact, tlut
the tenure of office has been left indefinite in
the Constitution which has vested tbe estab-
lishment of offices in Congres, shall be held to
operate to defeat its will and shorten the life
of its own creature in cases where its legisla-
tion is express.
And so, too, as to the doctrine that the
power of removal is but an incident to the
power to appoint. That is settled upon
grounds of reason, as a general principle,
which has no more application to inferior
offices than to supeiior ones. The idea is that
the power of removal wherever it exists is in
the very nature of things but part and parcel
