3410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23
i
that can be made; but I say that whenever you
permit the distilled spirits to go off on wheels,
and travel across the country, you thereby
necessarily enable the distiller, in collusion
with the corrupted officer of the Government
whpm he combines with, to avoid the tax, and
no law can prevent the fraud. What are bonds
or oaths or revenue inspectors worth now
under your laws? What are custom-house
bonds and oaths ever worth? As you increase
these bonds and oaths and watchers for fraud,
you increase the frauds.
That is my answer to my friend's argument;
not that his bill is not the best that can be
devised, but that none can be devised that will
prevent these frauds if you let the whisky get
out of the place where it is manufactured with-
out first paying the tax. That is my first sug-
gestion.
My next suggestion is that in the very nature
of the case the transportation of whisky across
this country and to the sea-board under the pre-
tense that it is for exportation, when it cannot
be exported in the form of whisky, is on its
very face exceedingly suggestive of meditated
fraud. My distinguished friend from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] says what everybody knows, that
men do not transport whisky across the ocean,
because he thereby transports a barrel of
worthless water in each two barrels of whisky.
But then it costs more to transport it from Illi-
nois or even Ohio to New York by land than
it does to transport it across the ocean. Then
who expects that whisky, one half wafer, will
be transported as whisky to New York, there
to have its water taken out by turning it into
alcohol at New York, and then to be thence
transported as alcohol? The bill is in this
absurd upon its face, as it seems to me, because
it provides for the transportation of whisky,
half water, across the country for exportation.
Mr. SCHENCK. "Distilled spirits."
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. That embraces
whisky. 1 say that whisky can be transported
under the provisions of this bill, because, by
the third section and others, it is expressly
shown that whisky is included in the words
"distilled spirits." If the language of the
bill is wrong, and the committee do not mean
to permit the "whisky" of the country to
be transported in bond, then let the bill be
amended so as to provide that nothing shall be
transported in bond except alcohol, and that
will not only prevent the escape of whisky
from taxation but will also give to the West,
where most of this production is made, the
change of the whisky into that which alone is
exported, namely, into alcohol.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not want to detain the
committee, but to correct a remark of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, who said that my
theory was wrong, that wherever whisky was
transported there would be allowed drawback
without paying any tax. Now, by paying the
tax at the distillery it would cover all taxes.
Now. in order that the committee may under-
stand what I mean, I will ask the Clerk to read,
as a part of my remarks, some sections which
1 shall propose as amendments to the trans-
portation provisions of this bill when we reach
them.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec.—. Andheit further enacted, That from and after
the date at which this act shall take effect there shall
bean allowance of drawback on all rum and alco-
hol, on which any internal tax shall hereafter bo
paid, equal in amount to the tax so paid thereon and
no more, when exported in good taith. Thepayment
of said drawback to be made only when the evidcnco
shall be furnished to the entire satisfaction of the
Secretary of the Treasury by such person or persons
who shall claim allowance of drawback, that such
tax has been paid, and the said rum or alcohol so
exported, landed, and delivered to the consignee
or consignees at the foreign port to which it was
exported—to bo proved by the sworn testimony
of responsible persons where exported from and
exported to—the same to be paid by the warrant ,
o' tho Secret try of the Iieasuiy on the Treasurer of i
the United States, cut of any money arising from I
internal tax on distilled spirits not otherwise appro- I
priated: Provided, however, That no claim for draw- !
back shall bo allowed on either of the said aiiido-i \
which shall have been exported as aforesaid priorto j
the time at which this act shall take effect.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That if any person
or persons shallfraudulently claim or seek to obtain I
an allowance of drawback on any article or articles
aforesaid, on which no internal tax shall have been
paid, or shall fraudulently claim any greater allow-
ance or drawback than the tax actually paid thoreon
as aforesaid, such person or persons shall forfeit and
pay to the Government of the United States triple
the amount wrongfully or fraudulently sought to_ be
obtained: and on conviction thereof shall be im-
prisoned in the penitentiary for a period not less
than one nor more than ten years.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely desired to have that
proposition read, that the House might under-
stand that in proposing to provide for the col-
lection of the tax at the distillery I do not pro-
pose to destroy the export trade, as some
gentlemen seem to apprehend. If other gen-
tlemen think they can devise means of accom-
plishing more effectually the object I desire to
attain let them present their suggestions to
that end. This is all I desire to say.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
upon the amendment and the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to inquire
whether the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means proposes to consent that this
question shall be passed over until we reach
that portion of the bill specifically devoted to
this subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will, at the suggestion
of my colleague on the committee, the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Allisox,] ask that by
unanimous consent the vote on the amend-
ment proposed by the committee and the
amendment to that amendment be reserved
until we reach the portions of the bill relating
to that subject.
There was no objection.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to amend the
pending section by striking out in the nine-
teenth, twentieth, and twenty-first lines the
words "and on the lot or tract of land whereon
the said distillery is situated, together with any
building thereon." My reason for making
this proposition is that I think severity of law
is not wisdom of law. There are in the exist-
ing law provisions by which I believe men are
now suffering imprisonment because some other
men without their knowledge were engaged in
distilling on their premises. Were it not for
the existence of that unwise severity in the
existing law, I should doubt whether I under-
stood the provision of this bill or whether it is
understood by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. We understand it per-
fectly well.
Mr. ROBINSON. The gentleman does me
the credit of saying that I understand it per-
fectly well.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not say any such
thing.
Mr. ROBINSON. Perhaps I say too much
for myself; and as I do not desire to bandy
compliments I will go on with my argument.
I understand that this tax upon the liquor is,
by the provision of this section, to be a first
hen upon the land on which the distillery is
situated. Now, suppose that my friend, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
owns a comfortable house, with grounds and
outbuildings, worth, in the aggregate, $20,000,
and that his servants, during his absence, have
been carrying on a distillery, the house and lot
are liable to the payment of the tax, which
may run up in a very few days to $20,000. In
addition to that, if a- widow or orphan should
hold a mortgage on the property, (though I
hope my friend keeps his property clear of
mortgages,) that mortgage will be cut out. I
say this is not wisdom of legislation. It is a
part of that unwisely severe legislation which,
without any disrespect to the committee, I pro-
pose to endeavor to remove by amendments
wherever I may find it. For this reason I have
moved this amendment.
«r' I oppose the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCIv. The gentleman from New
i ork is very much afraid of some injury beincr
done to persons who own the land upon which
distilleries are located. If he had taken the
pains to turn to section seven, he would have
found that no one can own a distillery under
this law unless he is himself the owner of the
land, or unless he produces the written consent
of the owner of the fee for the occupation of
the premises. So his sympathies are all
thrown away on a case which can never exist.
As to the difficulty of those who lease prop-
erty, let me say one of the greatest troubles
with these distilleries, and especially in the
gentleman's own district, has been, you can
never find out who is the owner of the property
upon which a distillery is located. You can-
not put your finger upon the owner of the prop-
erty. Hg seems to be a myth. So you are
bandied from one to the other. Very much of
the trouble, I will repeat, is in this fact of the
inability to learn who is the owner of the prop-
erty upon which these distilleries are located.
We provide now that the business shall not be
carried on without the written consent of the
person who owns the property. This will pre-
vent some enormous frauds which have been
committed in the United States, and, without
intending to be discourteous to the gentleman
from Brooklyn, I will say that the most enor-
mous frauds have been found in his own dis-
trict.
Mr. ROBINSON. One single observation.
If the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means bases his action on the ground he
has stated, that the distillery shall only be run
upon the written consent of the owner of the
property, and thus to hold responsible those
who engage in illicit distillation with the knowl-
edge of the owner of the property, I do not
know I will object to it. But so far as the
remark goes which he has made in reference
to my district I will say there are many dis-
tricts worse than that; and any time my friend
is ready I will break a lance with him on that
point. His own district is not entirely clear.
Mr. SCHENCK. The police officers are the
only ones who should break up these fraudu-
lent practices.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to stop this
debate. There has been indulgence enough in
the discussion of this first section of the bill,
and the House will not complain if I ask unan-
imous consent to stop further debate on this
section.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The question was taken on Mr. Robinson's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move an amendment
to the first section. After the word " and "
insert " at that rate for; " so it will read :
And the tax on such spirits shall be collected on
the whole number of gauge or wine gallons when
below proof, and shall be increased in proportion for
any greater strength than 'the strengh of proof-spirit
as defined in this act; and at that rate for any frac-
tional part of a gallon in excess of the number of
gallons in a cask or package, shall be taxed as a
gallon.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that will not be
agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope it will.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to add the fol-
lowing :
Insert after the word " gallons," in the fifth line,
these words: " except grape brandy, which shall pay
a tax of twenty-live cents per gallon."
I wish to say a few words in explanation of
that amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not object if we can
have five minutes for reply.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
state that as the law stands at the present time
the tax upon grape brandy distilled in this
country pays half the tax that is imposed upon
whisky. The tax now is two dollars per gallon
upon whisky and one dollar upon grape brandy.
The tax is now reduced from two dollars to
fifty cents upon whisky, and the tax upon grape
brandy ought to be reduced to twenty-five cents.
Adding the sixteen and a quarter cents of other
taxes will bring the tax on whisky up to sixty-
six and a quarter cents per gallon, lhat under
this bill would make the tax upon grape brandy
