1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1363
the last, few days at least, the President has so
conducted himself in the administration of his
high office that even this hostile Congress,
after the most searching scrutiny, were unable
to find any ground justifying his impeachment.
If there be this hour any ground upon which he
can be lawfully impeached it must have arisen
within the last few days. I do not intend to
consume my time by answering the charges
revamped and again preferred by the "original
impeacher," the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Ashley,] who has just taken his seat. I main-
tain that this Congress is concluded by its
judgment in reference to all those charges
which were before this House upon the former
occasion. It is not pretended, it cannot be
pretended, in view of the former action of
this House, that there was any cause for the
impeachment of the President until, on the 21st
day of the presentmonth, he removed from the
office of Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton
and appointed General Lorenzo Thomas in his
stead. This is the u head and front of the
offending." And for this, and upon no other
pretext, Congress is preparing to convulse this
nation by the immediate trial and removal of
its Chief Magistrate. It remains to be seen
whether the people of this Country are pre-
pared patiently to endure the perils of this new
adventure in order that Edwin M. Stanton
may continue his reign in the War Depart-
ment, and in order that every further obstacle
to the enforcement of the policy of this Con-
gress may be removed. I do not believe that
the people of this country are so much in love
with Edwin M. Staftton, nor so wedded to that
congressional policy which, during three years
of profound peace, has kept willing States
asunder and sought to perpetuate the worst
consequences of revolution.
Mr. Speaker, I shall endeavor to discuss the
pending resolution with all due respect to all
parties. I do not mean to speak as a partisan,
but as a lawyer and as a Representative of the
people j and I should be glad if I could have
the ear of the lawyers of this House, for it is
to the^legal aspect of the case that I intend
chiefly to address myself. It is elaimcd by those
who advocate the passage of the resolution of
impeachment that the President of the United
States has violated the law in that he offended
against the provisions of what is commonly
known as the tenure-of-office act, and has ren-
dered himself amenable to the penalties im-
posed by the sixth section of that act, which
provides as follows:
44 Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That every re-
moval, appointment, or employment made, had, or
exercised contrary to the provisions of this aeU and
the making, signing, sealing, countersigning, or issu-
ing of any commission or letter of authority for or
in respect to any such appointment or employment,
shall be deemed, and arc hereby declared to be, high
misdemeanors, and, upon trial and conviction thereof,
every person guilty thereof shall be punished by a
fine not exceeding fcl0,000, or by imprisonment not
exceeding five years, or both said punishment?, in the
discretion of theeourt: Provided, Thatthe President
shall have power to make out and deliver, after the
adjournment of the Senate, commissions ior all otli-
ceis whose appointment shall liavebeon advised and
consented to by the Senate."
1 shall not before this tribunal discuss the
constitutionality of the act itself, although I
affirm, and if the time will allow before I con-
clude I shall endeavor to show, that the Pres-
ident is bound to obey the Constitution rather
than the statute which conflicts with it; and
if. in the exercise of his judgment, he should
err, that he cannot he held minimally respon-
sible or made the subject of impeachment by
Congress. Supposing, then, that the^ act in
question is constitutional, I maintain that
neither its letter nor its spirit has been vio-
lated by the President in the case *hich is
complained of. This question is twofold in
its character. Let us first consider whether
there is any violation of law in the removal of
Mr. Stanton, and afterward whether there was
any violation of law in the appointment of
General Thomas.
If Mr. Stanton had been appointed by Pres-
ident Johnson'his removal would present an-
other and very different case. As it is I main-
tain that he was himself but Secretary of War
ad interim, that his term of office had expired
by the very provisions of the act which is in-
voked for his protection, and that he was a
mere tenant at sufferance, removable at any
tir$e at the pleasure of the President. The
Cabinet ministers are expressly excepted by
the very act in question from its general pro-
visions, which require the consent of the Sen-
ate for removals by the President. By the
express terms of the act their tenure of office
is limited to the term of the President by whom
they may have been appointed and for one
month thereafter. After that they hold their
offices only by sufferance. The act reads in its
first section as follows :
"That every pei>on holding any civil office to which
he has been appointed by and with the advice and
consent of tho Senate, and every person who shall
hereafter be appointed to any such office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is, and shall be,
entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duly qual-
ified"—
Now mark the exception—
''except as herein otherwise provided: Provided,
That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of
War, of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmas-
ter (reneral, and the Attorney General shall hold
their offices respectively for and during the term of
tho President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed, and ior one month^ thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate."
That is, subject during the continuance of
the term for which by this act they are to hold
their office to removal by and with the advice of
and consent of the Senate. But after the ex-
piration of that term the advice and consent
the Senate is no longer required. Mr. Stanton
was not appointed Secretary of War by Presi-
dent Johnson. He is the appointee of Abraham
Lincoln $ he was appointed during his first
term ; and, if this act had been in existence one
month immediately after the expiration of Mr.
Lincoln's term of office, Edwin M. Stanton, by
the operation of that act itself, would have
ceased to be Secretary of War. If he remained
in office exercising its functions after that it
would have been simply during the pleasure
of the President; he would have been to all
intents and purposes a Secrctaty of War ad
interim.
President Lincoln died 5 Andrew Johnson
became his successor ; but by no act of his did
he reappoint Mr. Stanton to the office of Sec-
retary of War nor renew his authority, except
that lie acquiesced in his continuance in the
office and in the exercise of its functions. But
President. Johnson never till this day exercised
his constitutional right to appoint and commis-
sion a Secretary of War. 1 defy any gentle-
man on the other side to point out to me now
and here a section or.clause or sentence in this
tenure-of-office act under the provisions of
which Edwin M. Stanton is this day Secretary
of War. I will yield the floor toany gentleman
for the purpose of indicating upon what clause
of this act he bases such a proposition. There
is no reply, and I affirm that this civil tenure act
left the authority of the President of the United
States with reference to the Secretaiy of War
precisely where it stood before that act was
passed.
There is no doubt—there can be none—in
relation to the intention of the tenure-of-office
act to leave the appointees of President Lin-
coln removable at the pleasure of President
Johnson. Upon thispointtkc contemporaneous
evidence is overwhelming. The proviso limit-
ing the terms of the Cabinet officers and ex-
cepting them from the general -provisions of
the act was inserted as an amendment in the
original act by the conference committee upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses of
Congress. The managers on the part of the
Senate were Senators Williams, Sherman,
and Buckalew. All of these gentlemen ex-
plained tlie meaning of the proviso in remarks
which are published in the Globe.
Mr. Buckalew, who did not sign the report,
said, alluding to the Cabinet ministers:
" These officers from the foundation of the Govern-
ment have held their offices at tho pleasure of the
President; they have been removable at will. Now,
however, th'cy are to have a duration assigned to their
office similar to that which is assigned by the Consti-
tution to the President himself. If appointed by jm
incoming Chief Executive they are to hold their
offices for a period of four years, unless they shall be
sooner removed by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate. And then, sir, they aro to hold thoir
offices for one calendar month after the term of tho
President has expired.''
Mr. Williams said:
"I think there is no difficulty in understandingthis
report, as it amounts to the adoption of the amend-
ment proposed by the House of Representatives, with
certain qualifications. It will be remembered that
the House put the hcadg of Departments on the same
footing with other civil officeis, and piovided that
they should not at any time be removed without the
advice and consent of the Senate. Objection was
mado to that, because it was said that when a new
President came into office ho might be compelled to
haveaCabinetnot of his own selection. This amend-
ment provides that when the term of office of tho
President expires the offices of the members of tho
Cabinet shall also expire, with a provision that they
may continue in office for one month, so as to enable
tho incoming President to arrage his new Cabinet.
Mr. Sherman, who, like Mr. Buckalew, was
opposed even to the restrictions upon the Pres-
ident imposed by the proviso as reported, said:
" I agreed to tho report of the conference commit-
tee with a good deal of reluctance. The Senate had
by two deliberate votes declared its purpose not to
make the duration of the Cabinet officers fixed by
any time, but that they should hold their offices at
the pleasure of the President; and that was the ori-
ginal design in the creation of their offices; but the
general purpose of this bill is so very important, it
establishes so salutary a reform, that I thought it
ought not to be endangered by a dispute on a collat-
eral question." v ^ A *
"Xhepioposition now submitted by the conference
committee is that a Cabinet minister shall hold his
office dm in g the hie or the term of the President who
appointed him. It thePresidentdiestheCabinetgoes
out; if the President is removed for cause by im-
peachment the Cabinet goes out; at tho expiration
ot the term of the President's office the Cabinet goes
out; so that the Government will not be embarrassed
by an attemjyt by a Cabinet officcr to hold on to his
office do&pitc the wish of-the Piesident or a change
in the Presidency. The great danger that might have
arisen irorn the bill as it stood amended by the House
is relieved by this amendment, and 1 think it is much
better for us to agree to this modification rather than
endanger the passage of the bill. 1 therefore signed
tho report of the confercnce committee, though with
some reluctance. 1 think, under the circumstances,
the Senate had better a^ree to it. It itshall be found
to woik badly at any time it will be very easy, by a
law or joint resolution, to change it.
" Mr. Togo. I should like to ask tho Senator one
question. Suppose the President should die during
the session ot the Senate, would the Cabinet still go
out without their successors being nominated to tho
Senate and confirmed?
"Mr. Sherman. The Cabinet would continue for
one month to enable the now President to arrange a
Cabinet.
"Mr. PoGG. But would they go out at the end of
that month, though the Senate was in session?
"Mr. Skfrman. The appointment of a new Cabi-
net might be made immediately, and they would take
their offices at the end of the month. I think the
provision is a very wise one.
"Mr. Fogg. lh« question which I wished to ask
and have answered is, whether at the end of that
month the Cabinet must go out, tiiough the Senate
were in session ? Would that Cabinet go out till tha
new Cabinet had been confirmed by the Senate?
" Mr. Sherman. Oh, yes."
What, then, is there in the tenure-of-office
bill, I ask, which deprives the President of his
right to terminate the relations of Edwin M.
Stanton with the Department of War? Every
day he has exercised the functions of Secre-
tary of War since one month after the expira-
tion of Mr. Lincoln's term of office was sim-
ply by the acquiescence of the President. The
moment he signified his pleasure to the con-
trary the authority of Mr. Stanton ceased and
a vacancy existed.
Whether that vacancy was lawfully filled by
the President's appointment of another Secre-
tary of War ad interim in the person ot Gen-
eral Thomas is the next question for determin-
ation.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
in his speech in reply to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Biiooks,] asked, as if in tri-
umph,'that there should be pointed out to him
the line of law from which the President de-
rived his authority to appoint any one in place
of Edwin M. Stanton. I respectfully refer the
gentleman and this House to the act of Feb-
ruary 13, 1795, which, in its first section,
declares as follows:
*' That in case of vacancy in the office of Secretary
of State, Secretary of tho Treasuiy, or of the Secre-
