1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4435
An act (H. R. No. 1395) granting a pension
to Estlier C. C. Vangilder, widow of Charles
F. Vangilder, deceased, late a private in com-
pany M, first regiment Vermont heavy artil-
lery volunteers;
An act (H. 11. No. 189G) granting a pension
to Stephen T. Carver;
An act (H. R. No. 1397) granting a pension
to Prescott Y. Howland ;
An act (II. R. No. 1398) granting a pension
to Martin Burke;
An act (H. R. No. 1399) granting increased
pension to William B. Edwards ;
An act (H. R. No. 1100) granting a pension
to Jonathan H. Perry ;
An act (H. R. No. 1401) granting a pension
to John La Marsh.
An act (H. II. No. 1402) granting a pension
to Catherine Skinner;
An act (H. R. No. 1403) granting a pension
to Helen L. Wolf;
An act (H. li. No. 1404) granting a pension
to William Smith ;
An act (II. II. No. 1405) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Lamar;
An act (II. R. No. 1407) granting a pension
to John Gridley;
An act (H. li. No. 1408) granting a pension
to Catharine Gensler;
An act (H. li. No. 1409) granting a pension
to Asa F. Holcomb :
An act (H. R. No! 1410) grafiting back pen-
sion to the minor children of Joseph Berry;
An act (II. R. No. 1411) granting a pension
to Polly W. Cotton ;
An act (II. R. No. 1412) granting a pension
to the children of William R. Silvey;
An act (H. R. No. 1413) granting a pension
to Jane Rook :
An act (II. 11. No. 1411) granting a pension
to Sarah K. J ohnson ;
An act (H. R. No. 1420) directing the Com-
missioner of Pensions to proceed to hear evi-
dence and determine the right of W. H. Cox,
deceased, late a sergeant in company F, second
regiment Pennsylvania artillery, to a pension
in the same manner as if he was still living, he
having died of disease contracted while a pris-
oner of war at Andersonville, Georgia, and if
found to be entitled to a pension, then same,
from time of his discharge till death, to be paid
over to his father, Charles D. Cox;
An act (II. 11. No. 1431) granting a pension
to Kmmelene II. Iiudd, widow of the late Com-
modore John Iiudd, deceased;
An act (H. R. No. 1444) changing the ports
of entry from Plymouth to Edenton, in North
Carolina, and Port Royal to Beaufort, in South
Carolina;
Joint resolution (II. It. No. 25G) for the
relief of Martha E. King;
Joint resolution (II. li. No. 323) in relation
to surveys and examinations of rivers and
harbors; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 345) relative to
printing specifications of patents.
portage lake ship-canal.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 398) extending the Por-
tage Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal to
Keweenaw bay, providing for the right of way,
and making a grant of land to aid m the con-
tinuance of said extension ; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. DRIGGS. I hope this bill will be acted
on now.
The bill, which was read, provides in the first
rection that the Portage Lake and Lake Supe-
rior Ship-Canal Company, a company organ-
ized under the laws of the State of Michigan,
be authorized to construct a breakwater in
Keweenaw bay, Lake Superior, not exceeding
two thousand feet in width, on the bank of
that bay, and a ship-canal from the most eli-
gible point in the bay to Portage Lake, which
canal shall be at least one hundred feet in
width, and not less than thirteen feet in depth.
The canal company is to remove the rocks in
Portage Lake, so as to secure free and unob-
structed navigation, with thirteen feet water
in the channel of said lake, through to the
head thereof; and the right of way through the
lake is granted to the company, not exceeding
six hundred feet in width. The Secretary of
War is to designate an engineer of the Army
who shall examine the obstructions in the lake,
and report the same to the Secretary, with
maps thereof, and shall report to him when
the work contemplated in this section shall be
completed in a permanent manner. The engi-
neer is also to ascertain whether any money
has been expended to aid the navigation into
Portage Lage, in the route of this ship canal;
by whom expended, if any has been expended,
the amount expended; and after deducting the
reimbursements received, if any, by persons so
expending money for that purpose he is to
report the balance to the Secretary of War, if
any balance is found, and establish the time in
which the sum so found shall be paid. The
grants contained in this act are to be subject to
the payment of the money so actually expended.
The second section grants to theState of Michi-
gan forthense andbenefit of the Portage Lake
and Lake Superior Ship-Canal Company, to
aid in the construction of the work provided
for in the first section, in accordance with the
act of the Legislature of the State of Michigan
in relation thereto, two hundred thousand acres
of public land, to be selected from the odd-
numbered sections in the Marquette land dis-
trict, in the upper peninsula of Michigan, sub-
ject to sale or preemption, and which have
been surveyed, but to which no preemption or
homestead rights have attached, and which
have not been reserved in any grant heretofore
made by Congress nor otherwise disposed of.
and which are not known upon the maps or
reports of the public surveys as mineral.
These lands may be selected by the company
at any time, patents to issue therefor as here-
inafter provided. The canal is to be and re-
main a public highway for the use of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, free from toll or
charge upon the vessels of the Government, or
upon vessels employed by it in the transportation
of any property or troops of the United States.
The third section requires that the company
shall forthwith establish the route of the canal
and the plan of the breakwater, and file plats
or a plat thereof in the office of the War De-
partment, and shall obtain the approval of the
same by the Secretary of War; and all the
expenses incurred in carrying out the provis-
ions of thisactare to be borne by the company.
The fourth section provides that if the break-
water and ship-canal shall not be completed
according to the plans so approved by the Sec-
retary of War, and the obstructions removed
within five years from the passage of this act, the
lands granted shall revert to the United States.
But whenever the breakwater and ship-canal
shall be completed according to the provisions
of this act, and the obstructions removed, and
the Secretary of War certify to the same,
patents for the lands herein granted are to be
issued to the company.
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, this bill has
been passed by the Senate. I believe, unani-
mously. A certified copy of it was taken before
the Committee on the Public Lands of this
House, and was, after full discussion, agreed to
by the committee, who instructed meto report
the bill favorably to the House, with certain
amendments.
The principal objection, and in fact the only-
one raised in committee, was that these lands
were liable to be withheld from market and
from the operation of the homestead and pre-
emption laws. We have agreed on an amend-
ment which completely obviates this objection,
and provides also that the land shall be sold
at a price not exceeding S"2 50 per acre. e
thus guard against the infliction of any hard-
ship upon the settlers.
Another provision is that when this canal is
completed 
The SPEAKER. Thehouroftwelvep'cloek
m. having arrived, the session of Friday is
closed, pursuant to the order of the House.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Kate F.
Iveene, of Washington city, a Government
employ^, for a twenty per cent, increase of
the salaries of Government employes.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of John
Hearing, a soldier of the war of 1812, for a
pension.
Also, a memorial of 61 citizens of Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, praying for the adop-
tion of a law investing all men with the equal
exercise of the elective franchise in all the
States.
Also, the petition of R. P. Jackson, exec-
utor of Francis Lowndes, deceased, praying
for compensation for services rendered by said
Lowndes.
By Mr. MYERS : The petition of Leonard
Revis and 54 others, citizens of the third dis-
trict of Pennsylvania, for greater protection to
American industry.
Also, the petition of Mary Fryer, of Phila-
delphia, widow of John Fryer, deceased, sea-
man in the war of 1812, for Navy pension.
Also, the petition for pension of Ann Smith,
of Philadelphia, widow of Simeon Smith,
deceased, late of company D, fifty-eighth
Pennsylvania volunteers.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Andrew
S. Davis, of Cleveland, Tennessee.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 25, 18G8.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. DRAKE, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
message 1'roji tiie iio0se.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPHERSOX,its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill of the Sen-
ate (S. No. 579) to establish a new land district
in the State of Nebraska.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1450) for the more speedy
reorganization of the States of Virginia, Mis-
sissippi, and Texas, and for other purposes;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 1451) for the relief of John
H. Osier, of Guernsey county, Ohio.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
1276) relating to the Alexandria canal.
denver pacific railway.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 570.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I object. I have cer-
tain papers to present.
Mr. DRAKE. Why should the gentleman
object ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I want to present some
petitions.
! Mr. DRAKE. I will give way for that pur-
pose if the Senate will allow the bill to be
taken up.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Very well, I surrender.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Wisconsin requires
' unanimous consent at this time.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
570) for a grant of land, granting the right, of
i way over the public lands to the Denver Pacific
; Railway and Telegraph Company, and forother
| purposes, was considered as in Commilt.ee of
| the Whole. It proposes to authorize the Den-
| ver Pacific Railway and Telegraph Company,
1 a company incorporated under the laws of the
Territory of Colorado, to connect its road and
i telegraph with the Union Pacific railroad and
[] telegraph at or near Cheyenne, and to provide
'j that it shall have a uniform gauge, rate ot
ii freight and fare, and the privileges, immuni-
