THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the power to appoint, and that as a conse-
quence the power (hat makes, and none other,
must unmake; and on tliia idea it was ruled in
the particular case that the power to remove
was in the-judge, because the authority to ap-
point was there. It equally rules, however,
that where the appointment is in the head of a
Department the power of removal belongs to
him ; that, where it is lodged by Congress in
tlie President alone it is in him only ; and where
it is in the President and Senate conjointly
there it, is in both ; which is precisely the doc-
trine maintained by the minority in the Con-
gress of 1789. It ought to be a sufficient an-
swer, however, that no such distinction was
taken by Justice Thompson in the Ileenan
ease, although he referred to the departure
from this rule in the practical construction
which had assigned the power to the President
alone.
The judicial opinion having thus signally
failed to support the dangerous heresies of the
President, the next resort is to that of the
statesmen, lawyers, and publicists who have
from time to time illustrated our history. And
here, too, it will be found that the great crim-
inal who is at your bar has no better support
than he lias fount) in higher quarters.
I am not here to question the doctrine which
has been so strongly urged, upon the authority
of Lord Coke, that contemporaneous exposi-
tion is entitled to great weight in law. Taking
it to be sound, however, it will hardly be pre-
tended, I suppose, that there is anything of
this description which will compare in value
with the authoritative, and, I mightalmost, say.
oracular utterances of the Federalist, which
was the main agent, under Providence, in se-
curing for the Constitution the support of the
people of the several States, and has since
occupied the rank of a classic in the political
literature of America. And yet, in the seventy-
seventh number ofthatseries, which is ascribed
to the pen of Alexander Hamilton, himself
perhaps "the first among his peers" in the
Convention which framed that instrument, it
is assumed as an unquestionable proposition
and that, too, in the way of answer to the objec-
tion of instability arising from frequent changes
of administration, that inasmuch "as theSenate
was to participate in the business of appoint-
ments, its consent would therefore be neces-
sary to displace as well as to appoint." Nor
was it considered even necessary to reason out
a conclusion that was so obvious and inevita-
ble. It docs not seem to have been supposed
by anybody that a power so eminently regal
could ever be raised in the executive of a
limited Government out of the mere fact of the
silence of the Constitution on that subject and
the failure to provide any other mode of re-
moval than by the process of impeachment.
If the conclusion, however, was not a sound
one, then it was no better than a false pre-
tense, which those at least who concurred in
its presentation were morally estopped from
controverting. And yet it is to one of the dis-
tinguished authors of these papers, in his qual-
ity of a legislator, that the nation is mainly
indebted for the vote which inaugurated and
fastened so long upon it the mischievous and
anti-republican doctrine and practice which it
has cost a revolution to overthrow. It does
not seem, however, to have effected any change
in the opinions of the distinguished author, as
we find him insisting in a letter written ten
years afterward to James McHenry, then Sec-
retary of War, that even the power to fill vacan-
cies happening during the recess of theSenate
is to be confined to "such offices as having been
once filled have become vacant by accidental
circumstances."
Prom the time of the settlement of the policy
of the Government on this subject by its first
Congress down till the accession oftheyounger
Adams in 1826, a period of nearly forty years,
the question does not seem to have been agi-
tated, for the very satisfactory reason that the
patronage was so inconsiderable, and the cases
of abuse so rare, as to attract no attention on
the part of public men. In the last named
year, however, a committee Was raised-by the
Senate, headed by Mr. Benton, and composed
of nine of the most eminent statesmen of that
day, to consider the subject of restraining this
power by legislation. That committee agreed
in the opinion that the practice of dismissing
from office was a dangerous violation of the
Constitution, which had in their view been
'• changed in this regard by construction and
legislation,''' which were only another name for
legislative construction, and reported sundry
bills for its correction not unlike in some re-
spects to the present law. Those bills failed
ofcourse, but with the public recognition of the
new and alarming doctrine which followed the
accession of the next Administration, that the
public offices, like the plunder of a camp, were
the legitimate spoils of the victorious party,
the subject was revived in 1835 by the appoint-
ment of another committee, embracing the
great names of Calhoun, Webster, and Benton,
for the same object. The result of their labors
was the introduction of a bill requiring the
President in all cases of removal to state the
reasons thereof, which passed the Senate by ,a
vote of 31 to 10, or nearly two thirds of that
body. In the course of the debate on that
bill, Mr. Webster, whose unsurpassed, and, as I
think, unequalecf ability as a constitutional
lawyer will be contested by nobody, held this
emphatic language.
"After considering the question again and again
within the last six years I am willing to say that, in
my deliberate judgment, the original decision was
wrong. I cannot but think that those who denied
the power in 1789 had the best of the argument. It
appears to me. after thorough and repeated and con-
scientious examination that an erroneous interpre-
tation was given to the Constitution in this respect
by the decision of the First Congress."
And again:
"I have the clearest convietion that they (theCon-
vention) looked to no other mode of displacing an
ofiieer than by impeachment or the regular appoint-
ment of another person to the same place."
And further:
" I believe it to be within the just power of Con-
gress to reverse the decision of 1780, and I mean to
hold myself at liberty to act hereafter upon that
question as the safety of the Government and of the
Constitution may require."
Mr. Calhoun was equally emphatic in his
condemnation of the power and speaks of pre-
vious cases of removal as "rather exceptions
than constituting a practice."
The like opinion was obviously entertained
by both Kent and Story, the two most distin-
guished of the commentators on the Constitu-
tion, and certainly among the highest author-
ities in the country. The former, alter referring
to the construction of 1789 as but "a loose,
incidental, and declaratory opinion of Con-
gress," is constrained to speak of it as "a
striking fact in the constitutional history of our
Government that a power so transcendent as
that which places at the disposal of the Presi-
dent alone the tenure of every executive officer
appointed by the President, and Senate, should
depend on inference merely, and should have
been gratuitously declared by the First Congress
in opposition to the high authority of the Fed-
eralist, and supported or acquiesced m by some
of those distinguished men who questioned or
denied the power of Congress to incorporate a
national bank." (1 Kent's Commentaries, sec.
16, p. 308.) The latter speaks of it with equal
emphasis as "constituting the most extraor-
dinary case in the history of the Government
of a power conferred by implication in the
Executive by the assent of a bare majority in
Congress which has not been questioned on
many other occasions." (2 Commentaries, sec.
1543.)
The same opinion, too, is already shown
upon the testimony of Judge McLain, as cited
above, to have been shared by "the old Su-
preme Court, with Marshall at its head." It
seems, indeed, as though there had been an un-
broken current of sentiment from sources such
as these through all our history against the ex-
istence of this power. If there be any appar-
ently exceptional cases of any note but the
equivocal one of Mr. Madison, they will be found
to rest only, as 1 think, upon the legislation of
1789 and the long, practice that is supposed to
have followed it. I make no account, how-
ever,. of the opinions of Attorneys General,
although I might have quoted that.of Mr. Wirt,
in 1818, to the effect-that, it was only when-CoH-
gress had not undertaken to "fix the tenure of
the office that the cammisMon coald run during
the pleasure of the President. They belong to
the same category as those of Cabinet'officers.
It may not be amiss, however, to add just here
that although this question was-elaborately
argued by myself upon the introduction of the
bill to regulate removals from office in the
House of Representatives, which was sahstan-
tially the same as the present law,, which was
depending at that time, no voice but one was
lifted up in the course of a protracted debate
against the constitutionality of tlte measure it-
self.
What, then, is there in the legislation of
1789, which is claimed to be not only a con-
temporary but an authoritative exposition of
the meaning of the Constitution-, and- has no
value whatever except as the expression of an
opinion as to the policy of making the heads
of Departments dependent on the President,
unless the acts of that small and inexperienced
Congress are to be taken as of binding force
upon their successors and as a sort of oracular
outgiving upon the mean ing of the Constitution:?
Whatever may'have been the material pro-
visions of the several acts passed-atthatsession,
for the establishment of these Departments, it
is not to be supposed that it was intended to
accomplish a result so clearly not -within the
province of the law-maker as the binding set-
tlement of the sense of that instrument on so
grave a question. The effeetof these acts has,
I think, been greatly misunderstood by those
who rely on them for such a purpose. All that
they amount to is the concession to the Presi-
dent, in such a form as was agreeable to his
friends, of a power -of removal which the ma-
jority was disposed to accord .to liiai in cases
where the tenure of the officer was left- indefi-
nite, and the office was therefore determinable
at will, but which those friends declined to
accept as a grant, because they claimed it as a
right. The result was but a compromise, which
evaded the i3sne by substituting an implied
grant for an express one, and left the question
in dispute just where it found it. The record
shows, however, that even in this shape the
bill finally passed the House by a vote of only
29 to 22. In the Senate, however, where the
debate does not appear, it was carried only by
the easting vote of the Vice -President, not
properly himself a legislative but an executive
officer, who had . a very direct interest in the
decision.
The case shows, moreover, as already sug-
gested, that there was no question involved as
to the duration of the oflice. Whether it
could be so limited, as has been -done in the
tenure-of-office law, was not a point in con-
troversy, and is not, of course, decided. That
it might be so, is not disputed as to the "in-
ferior" offices. The thing itself was done,
and the right to do it acquiesced in and af-
firmed, as shown already in the case of Mar-
bury vs. Madison, as early as 1801. It can-
not be shown, however, that there is any dif-
ference between the cases of inferior and
superior offices in this respect. There is no
word in the Constitution to require that the
latter shall hold only at pleasure. Both are
created by law, and Mr. Madison himself ad-
mits, in the debate of 1789, that "the legisla-
tive power creates the oflice, defines the power,
limits its duration, and annexes the compen-
sation." All that the Constitution contains ia
the exception from the general power of ap-
pointment in the authority to Congress to vest
that power in inferior cases in the President
alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of
Departments. But there is nothing here as to
the power of removal—nothing but as to the
privilege of dispensing with the Senate in the
matter of appointments, and no limitation^
whatever upon its power over the office itself
in-the owe case more than in the: other.
