1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3411
nearly as high, as it is now. Let me state my
reason for this amendment. In Ohio, Michigan,
Missouri, and Illinois, but especially in Cali-
fornia, we have a great number of vineyards.
In California we have hundreds of thousands
of acres recently planted with grape-cuttings,
and young vineyards are growing up, not yet
bearing clusters of grapes, and unless discrim-
ination is made in favor of this production onr
farmers will have to plow up their vineyards.
Now let me ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means if it is not proper
and right that that discrimination should be
made? We are to-day taxing the people of
the United States, every man, woman, and
child, one dollar each per annum for foreign
brandies and wines. Is it not better we should
discriminate a little in favor of our own farm-
ers who are raising grapes, so that they may
produce brandy and wine in this country, and
thus save $30,000,000 in gold, more than the
whole annual product of the mines of Cali-
fornia? In four or live years from this time
we may be able to compete with the world in
the manufacture of this wine and brandy. I
appeal to gentlemen to reflect for one moment
on the condition of this country. I ask if
thirty or forty million dollars iu gold is not
something to be saved ? My amendment is
simply that grape brandy shall pay only twenty-
five cents a gallon.
Mr. MAY-NARD. What is the market price
of your brandy ?
Mr. JOHNSON. The market price ranges
from two dollars and a half to seven dollars
per gallon, and we pay that for our French
brandies, while our California brandy is equally
as good and will take the place of the French
brandy, and entirely break down thatcommerce
which has drained us of more of our treasure
than any other commodity imported into this
country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. It is no inadvertence on
the part of the committee. They left out the
discrimination in favor of grape brandy on pur-
pose. Now, other distilled spirits pay two dol-
lars and grape brandy pays one dollar. We
supposed that the tax being put down, partic-
ularly as low as the committee have now put
it, fitty cents, grape brandy could as well pay
it as any other. In principle, perhaps, there is
no particular distinction between that which is
made from corn and that which is made from
fruit. All spirits should be treated alike.
There is one argument, perhaps, in favor of
building up the productions of our own coun-
try. That appeal has been made from my own
ionstituents, because we make a great deal in
the Miami valley, which I represent, particu-
larly about Cincinnati. But I think it is bet-
ter to have all distilled spirits put on the same
footing. There is a duty on foreign brandy
now of $2 50 a gallon. With the tax on
domestic brandy at fifty cents there is still a
protection of two dollars on the domestic
brandy. Now, with domestic brandy selling
at from two dollars and a half to seven dollars
per gallon, twenty-five cents would be a very
low tax. But the $2 50 is the price in gold,
which is forty per cent, more when reduced to
currency, making a very large protection of
three or four dollars on every gallon of that
brandy produced in the United States. 1 hope
the amendment will not prevail.
[Here the hammer fell,]
Mr. HIGBY. Is debate closed ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. HIGBY. May I not offer an amend-
ment and make remarks upon it?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can offer
it, but he can make no remarks.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Johnson, it was disagreed to—ayes
twentv-three, noes not counted.
Mr." HIGBY. I offer the following amend-
roeni as a new section:
Sice. —. Andbe it further enacted. That there sliall
bo levied, collected, and paid on brandy made irom
grapes, thirty cents per gallon; and it any personshali
knowingly manutaeture, compound, put up, sell 01
dispose ot, or cause to be manufactured, compouu&eu,
put up, sold or disposed of, or aid or assist therein,
any fluid as or for or under or with the name of
brandy made from grapes which shall not be really
such, he shall, on conviction thereof, be punished for
each offense by a fine not exceeding $1,000, and by
imprisonment not exceeding one year, or both said
punishments, in the discretion of the court; and any
such simulated or compounded fluid as aforesaid
shall be forfeited to the United States.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
At this point the committee rose informally,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and a joint resolution of the following titles ;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 822) granting a pension
to Hampton Thompson;
An act (S. 216) to amend an act entitled
u An act granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Central Pacific railroad, in California, to Port-
land, in Oregon;" and
Joint resolution (H. R. 264) to provide for
the sale of the site of Fort Covington, in the
State of Maryland.,
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed the consideration
of the
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
Mr. HIGBY. I wish to make some remarks
on my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN". Debate is closed on the
section.
Mr. HIGBY. This is a new section.
The CHAIRMAN. It is regarded as an
amendment to the first section, and all debate
has been closed upon that.
Mr. HIGBY. Well, it was a fraud upon us,
shutting off debate, and nothing else.
The question was taken on Mr. Higby's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk then read the second section, as
follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That proof-spirit
shall be held and taken to bo that alcoholic liquor
which contains one half its volume ot alcohol of a
specific gravity of seven thousand nine hundred and
thirty-nine ten-thousandths atsixty degrees Fahren-
heit; and the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
tor the prevention and detection of frauds by distil-
lers of spirits, is hereby authorized to adopt, procure,
and prescribe tor use, at the expense of the United
States, such hydrometers, saceharotneters, weighing,
and gauging instruments, meters, or other means for
ascertaining the quantity, gravity, and producing
capacity of any mash, wort, or beer used or to be
used in the production of distilled spirits, and the
strength and quantity of spirits subject to tax, as he
may deem necessary; and he may prescribe rules
and regulations to secure a uniform and correct
system of inspection, weighing, and gauging of
spirits. And in all sales of spirits hereafter made,
where not otherwise specially agreed, a gallon shall
be taken to be a gallon of proof-spirit, according to
the foregoing standard set forth and declared for the
inspection and gauging of spirits throughout the
United States.
Mr. BUTLER. In line sixteen, I move to
strikeout the word "and" before "gauging,"
and to insert after '' gauging'' the words '' and
marking so that it will read, " and he may
prescribe rules and regulations to secure a
uniform and correct system of inspection,
weighing, gauging, and marking of spirits."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BECK. I move to add to the section
the words, "and officers of the United States
shall not make special agreements.'' I under-
stand that where whisky is seized and confis-
cated it is a common custom, both in New
York and Philadelphia, for the United States
officers, by special agreement, to sell the whisky
which is fifty per cent, above proof, by the
wine gallon, so that the purchaser gets a gal-
lon and a half of proof spirits and the Govern-
ment is cheated. I understand that that is
done every day by special agreements.
Mr. LOGAN. I am in favor of that amend-
ment.
Mr. ALLISON. I suggest that it would be
better to strike out the words u where not other-
wise specially agreed." Those words are in the
existing law, but it does net seem to me that
they ought to be here.
Mr. BECK. I withdraw my amendment, and
the committee can offer any amendment they
please.
Mr. MUNGEN. I move to strike out in lines
seventeen and eighteen the words "where not
otherwise specially agreed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk then read the third section, as
follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enactedt Thatdistilled spirits,
spirits, alcohol and alcoholic spirit, within the true
intent and meaning of this act is that substance
known as ethyl alcohol, hydrated oxide of ethyl, or
spirit of wine, which is commonly produced by the
fermentation of grain or starch or sugar, including
all dilutions and mixtures of this substance; and the
tax shall attach to this substance as soon as it is in
existence as such, whether it be subsequently sepa-
rated as pureor irapurespirit, or beimmediately, or at
any subsequent time, transferred into any other sub-
stance, eitberin the process of original production
or by any subsequent process.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to add to that sec-
tion what I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to section three the following:
But this act shall not apply to the manufacture of
vinegar where the wash is formed by adding alco-
holic vapor to the vinegar ferment without the pro-
duction of distilled spirits in any form by means of
any process of condensation of alcoholic vapor into
liquid form, before the union of such vapor with the
vinegar ferment. And every person manufacturing
or intending to manufacture vinegar, by any process,
for sale shall furnish to the assessor of the proper
district apian and description ot his premises used
or intended to bo used for such manufacture as
required of distillers by this act; which plan and
description shall be kept in the manner therein re-,
qu:red; and such premises and every part thereof
shall at all times be open to theinspection and exam-
ination of internal revenue officers as provided for
in cases of distilleries. And the presence of any worm,
condensing room, or other apparatus for the conden-
sation of alcoholic vapor into distilled spirits shall
be evidence that such business is being carried on in
violation of this act; and the manufactory, and all
materials in and about said premises, and the lot or
tract of land on which the same is situated shall be
forleited to the United States; and any person who
shall violate any of the provisions of this section
shall, on conviction, be fined not less $500 nor more
than &5,000, and imprisoned notless than six months
nor moro than two years.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the effect of the
amendment I have proposed. Gentlemen will
see that by this section three we describe alco-
holic spirit to be that spirit generated and elimi-
natedfrom the mash, wort, or wash of the grain.
Therefore, if that section stands as it now is, it
will be impossible for any person to manufac-
ture vinegar unless he manufactures it from
distilled spirits that have paid the tax. Undec
existing law the internal revenue officers have
decided that vinegar cannot be made expept
from tax-paid spirit; while nearly every court
in the United States that has spoken upon the
subject has decided that vinegar may be man-
ufactured from a certain class of spirits', or
from wash or wort, without the payment of a
tax upon distilled spirits. A species of low
wine is made from which vinegar is made,
and wherever the question has been raised the
courts have decided that under the existing law
that can lawfully be done.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask a question ?
Mr. ALLISON. I have no time for ques-
tions. I wish to explain this section. It is a
very important one, and I want gentlemen to
understand it.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. It was with
that view that I proposed to ask a question.
Mr. ALLISON. The Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue has decided that vinegar manu-
facturers cannot work under existing law, with-
out they pay the tax on distilled spirits. Now,
the effect of that is that to-day in Wisconsin
and in Illinois, where the courts have decided
in favor of these vinegar manufacturers, they
are at work everywhere ; while in the State of
Iowa, where this question has not come before
the courts, honest men engaged in the manu-
facture of vinegar are obliged to_ stop with
large amounts of capital tied up. Now, [want
this House to decide distinctly, by an unequiv-
ocal provision of law, that vinegar either can or
cannot be manufactured from wash or wort
or grain. I care very-little personally which
rule is adopted. 1 no evasion, so. tl^ut
