1868.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
No. 65, for the relief of William McGarrahan
■with the recommendation that i\do pass.
The bill was read in eximso. Vhe first sec-v
tion provides that the tract of lairo known
the Panoche Grand6 Kancho, in tie Sta^of
California, granted by Governor MaVieJ/Mich-
eltorena to Vicente P. Gomez in the ^ar 1844,
and by said Gomez conveyed to William Mc-
Garrahan on the 22d day of December, 1857,
surveyed by the United States surveyor general
for the State of California, and approved by
him on the lltli of September, in the year 1862;
and which said survey is now on file in the Gen-
eral Land Office, shall be in all respects hereby
fully confirmed to said William McGarrahan,
upon this condition, however, that the said
McGarrahan shall, within twelve months after
the passage of this act, pay into the Treasury
of the United States the sum of $1 25 per acre
for the lands embraced within the said survey.
The second section provides that upon the
payment of the said sum of money to the
Treasurer of the United States by said McGar-
rahan, thesaid Treasurersball give a certificate
therefor, and upon the presentation thereof to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
a patent shall be issued to said William Mc-
Garrahan for said lands.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now ask that the
report of the committee be read. It will fully
explain the matter.
The Clerk proceeded to read the report.
Mr. HIGBY. I move that the further read-
ing of the report be dispensed with j and I
should like to ask some questions of the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary in
reference to the material points in this case.
I do not believe that the members of the House
will understand much about it by the reading
of the reoort.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the
reading of the report been finished?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. HIGBY. If any member wishes to hear
the report read I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I \vantto
hear it read. s /f
The SPEAKER. It is with the chairman to
say whether the report shall be read or not. It
cannot be read as a matter of right.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Gentlemen wish '
to hear it, and I ask that the reading shall
continue.
The reading of the report was then contin-
ued, but before it was concluded the morning
hour expired.
The SPEAKER. The further reading of
the report will be dispensed with and it will be
published in the Globe.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, rose.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to make
a request of the House, and it is this: that this
matter be continued and disposed of now, as I
am anxious to leave the city after the conclu-
sion of the impeachment for a few days. I
would regard it as a great favor if the House
would permit me by unanimous consent to go
on with this report to-day. The report is nearly
finished.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman ^ from
Pennsylvania has the floor on a privileged
question.
Mr. SPALDING. And I desire to go into
committee to consider two short appropriation
bills-
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I make the request.
Mr, STEWART. I object.
The report was then ordered to be printed,
and also printed in the Globe; and it then
went over to the next morning hour on private
bill day.
The report is as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred a bill for the relief' of William McGarrahan,
lespeetfuny submit tho following report:
The history of this case is composed of such a mul-
titude of circumstances, spread over a period cx-
lending the year 1844 to the present time, that
to give it in detail would be to present a report so
volawinous as to defeat the very objectcontcmplated
by the House in submitting it to the committee, that
of information to itn members.
It has, therofore, been deemed advisablcto exhibit
leajUfig and controlling facts rather than minute and
pimiportant particulars. The effort has been to give
..he present paper a synoptical rather than argu-
mentative character, as it is believed a plain but ab-
breviated narrative will be sufficient to satisfy all
inquirers that the bill herewith reported should pass.
An impartial statement of the facts and of promi-
nent proceedings is, in the judgment of the commit-
tee, all that is needed to show that Mr. McGarrahan
is entitled to the relief he seeks and to the land in
question, as described in his original memorial pre-
sented to the House during the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress.
In the year 1844 Manuel Micheltorena, the then
Governor of Upper California, in accordance with
a Mexican custom to confer lands upon deserving
officials and citizens, granted to Vicente P. Gomez
a tract of land, then, it would seem, considered al-
most valueless, and situate in the present counties
of Fresno and Monterey, State of California. The
property was then and is now known as " Panoche
Grande lianeho."
The making of this grant has been denied, and this
denial constitutes the principal giound froi^ which
has sprung the prolonged and exhausting litigation
in the case, extending over a period of more than
thirteen years.
The proof of the existence of the grant is satisfac-
tory. It is found mainly m the following facts:
I. The deposition of Jose Castro, who filled the
office of political chief of California, and was also
prefect and commandant geuoral, which states that
Gome?:, with whom he was well acquainted, desired
him (Castro) to inform him (Gomez) of a suitable
place to petition tor or seciye, and that he recom-
mended the Panocho Grande.
II. The petition of Gomez to Governor Michel-
torena, March 13, 1844, requesting a grant of the
rancho.
III. A marginal entry made by the Governor, March
14, 1844, on the petition of Gomez, that the proper
secretary should cause the necessary investigations
to be made and make report.
IV. A declaration of the same date, by Manuel
Jimino, the secretary, that the petition of Gomez had
been transmitted to the first justice of San Juan, in
order that he should report what would bejustinthe
matter.
V. The report of the justice, dated March 20,1841,
stating that the land was vacant, and that there was
no reason why tho same should not be granted.
VI. A map of the land, filed in pursuance of Ihe
justice's report.
VII. The affidavit of Valentine Gajiola, employed
in the Presidial Company of Monterey in 1848, show- ;
ing that Gomez applied to him to make a map of the
rancho, exhibited to him the title papers duly execu-
uted, and that he made tho map as desired.
Vili. The deposition of Jose Abrigo, the head of
the commissary department, and resident in Monte-
rey* proving that Gomez was a clerk in his office, and
that in 1845 he (Gomez) showed him a title to the land
named, together with a map of the property; that
the papers were signed by the Governor and secre-
tary, and that ho was well acquainted with the signa-
tures of these officers, having often seen them write.
That the archives in which their papers were passed
into the possession of the American Army, July 7,
1816.
IX. The testimony of Abrigo, Br. James L. Ord, a
surgeon in the United States Army, and others,
proving the destruction of the archives in Monterey,
and the fact that such destruction is generally
admitted. ^
X. The deposition of Oscar Pe Grande Basque,
stating that Gomez in 1845 showed him title papers
for the rancho, and proposed a sale of the land to
him.
XL The affidavit of J. Marno Bonilla. secretary
of the Superior Tribunal of Justice in Monterey,
stating that Gomez in 1844 applied to him forsiamped
pupei, to be used in procuring a title to lands; and
that in 1845 he saw memoranda of grants of land,
among which was that of Parioehe Grande to Gomez.
XII. The affidavit of Matias Moreno, secretary of
Stale of Upper California, slating that in 1840 he
knew Gomez had obtained a grant for Panoehe
Grande, and that ho saw the arant. ,
X1LL. The affidavits of Martcio Gonzales, Jose
Fernandez, Gabnel de la Torre, Joaqum b. Eaca-
milla, and others, tending to prove the existence of
the grant.
XLV. Statement of E. L. Goold, esq., before the
Judiciary Committee, that he believed the petition
of Gomez was a genuine document, and that he based
his opinion on his knowledge of the facts and cir-
cumstances connected with tho ease of Miid Gomez
against the United States, which involved the valid-
ity of the grant upon which this cose js based. Mr.
Goold was of counsel in said case in opposition to
the grant, and appeared as a witness before tho com-
mittee on behalf of the opposing parties. .
XV. The grant by Governor Micheltorena, m the
year 1844, to Don Julian Uisuaof tho tiaet known as
the Iiandio " LaPananohadeSan Juan and Los Car-
risalitos," wherein the tract is described as being
bounded on the south by the mine ot "Los Aguiias"
and "La Panocho Grande."
XVI. Statement of Henry D. Cooke, esq.. that
when he was in California, in the years 1847-48-49, it
was common repoit that Gomez had icceived a grant
of a rancho near San Juan from the Mexican Gov-
ernment.
XVII. In 1845 tho Board of Land Commissioners,
at the hearing on the evidence, as required by the
laws of the united States, decided that Gomez had
given satisfactory proof of the existence and loss of
the grant.
1. In the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, entered
into between the United States and Mexico Febru-
ary 2  1848, it was provided that property, of ever?
kind belonging to Mexicans should he inviolably re-
spected, and that the United States should pass such
lawa as would give effect to the different stipulations
of the treaty, and always thereafter regularly enforce
them. This feature was introduced to secure all
landed and other interests that might in any way be
affected by a change of jurisdiction over the terri-
tory embraced in the treaty. (Statutes-at-Large, vol.
y, pp. £&-&>!.)
2. The law contemplated was passed March 3,1851,
(United States Statutes-at-large, vol. y, p. 031,) cre-
ating a Board of Land Commissioners, and declaring,
among other things, "that each and every person
claiming lands in California, by virtue of any rigat
or title derived from the Spanish or Mexican Gov-
ernment shall present the same to the said commis-
sioners when sitting as a board, together with sueh
documentary evidence and testimony of witnesses
as the said claimant relies upon m support of such
claims; anditshall be the dutyofthecommissioners,
whenthecaseisreadyforhearing, to proceed promptly
to examine the same upon such evidence and upon
the evidence produced in behalf of the United
States, and to decide upon the validity of the said
claim, and within thirty days after the said decision
is rendered to certify the same, with the reasons on
which it is founded, to the District Attorney of the
United States in and for the district in which such
decision shall be rendered." (Sec. 8.)
3. February 9,1853, Gomez, in accordance with the
provisions of the act of March 3,1851, presented his
petition to the Board of Land Commissioners, pray-
ing a, confirmation of his claim to the Rancho Pano-
che Grand6.
4. The board having fully heard the evidence of
tho grant, decided that the claimant had given satis-
factory proof of the existence and loss of the grant,
but had failed entirely to offer any proof whatever
going to show that he ever occupied, improved, or
cultivated any part of the land, or that any one ever
did for him, or that he ever saw the land; and on the
ground of non-occupancy decided the grant invalid.
5. In the case of Fr6mont vs. tho United States,
(17 Howard, 542,)decided at .December term, 1854, the
Supreme Court of the United States held that in the
case of Mexican land grants omission to takeposses-
sion of the land did not of itself forfeit the right or
grant. Had this determination preceded the action
of the Board oi Land Commissioners the grant to
Gomez would certainly have been pionouziced valid,
as the board decided against the grant on theground
that the grantee had not entered upon andpossessed
himself of the land granted.
0. The decision of the Board of Land Commis-
sioners made an appeal nocessaiy, which was accord-
ingly taken by Gomez, and June 5, 1857, the district
court for the southern dihtuct of California confirmed
his claim, and a decree to that effect was pronounced.
But through what is claimed to have been a clerical
mistake, and which the party asserts was unobserved^
for some months, the decree was for three leagues of
land instead of four, as claimed, and as proved by
the deposition of Jose Abrigo, used before the Board
of Land Commissioners, and in the couit, to have
been comprised in the grant, and was unsigned by
the judge.
7. Thus, as Gomez, his counsel, and all interested
might well have supposed, the question of title was
settled, subject, of course, to the right of appeal.
The records of the distrietcourt presenting Gomez as
owner of the rancho m accordance with the finding of
the Board of Land Commissioners, the decree of the
said district court, and ihe decision of the highest
court m the Fremont case, Mr. McGarrahan, Decem-
ber 22, 1857, bought the property from Gomez in good
faith, and for a valuable consideration.
8. The alleged error in the quantity of land stated
in the decree of June 5, 1857, being discovered, an
application was made to the court to correct it;
whereupon, Februarys, 185S, an amended decree was
entered nunc pro tunc, (that is as of June 5,1857,) cov-
ering the four leagues, and duly signed.
9. About the time Mr. McGariahan purchased
from Gomez, some persons having prospected the
land discovered mineral deposits, (a fact unknown
to Mr. McGarrahan when he purchased,; and finding
it had been sold by Gomez they, as " squatters,-" took
possession of and held it,as they still hoid it, cither
in person or by assignees, cognizant of the facts, and
without title.
10. March 15,1858. the United States appealed from
the decree of the district court, as it seems was their
piactice to do in all eases adjudicated against them,
nnd on July 8,1S58, thirteen months alter the final
decree of confirmation, a motion was made by special
counsel of the United iStates in the case, as it seems,
without notice to the claimant, to have the decree
opened.
11. Mr. McGnrrahan having been advised that the
appeal to the Supreme Court had been taken by the
Government, without examination as to its merits,
in accordance whh the uniform practice, made appli-
cation through counsel to Hon. Jeremiah S. Black,
the then Attorney General, (a certified transcript of
the case being presented to him,) to have him exam-
ine the case and determine whether he would persist
in the appeal.
| 12. After fall argument before the Attorney Gen-
era!, that officer directed that the appeal should be
docketed and dismissed; and on January 31.1859, it
was so entered upon the books of his office and upon
the lecnrds of the Supreme Court. Whereupon, in
March, 1859, tho Supreme Court issued its mandate,
which ordered and derreed the docketing and dis-
missal of the appeal entered in the Supieme Court,
and commanded that "smdi proceed mgs be had in said
ea«o as, according to right and justice and. the laws Oi
the United States, ought to bo hud."
13. The said mandate was filed in the district court
