3414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
ately upon their being set up. Any still or distilling
apparatus not so registered, together with all per-
sonal property in the possession or custody or under
the control of such person and found in the building,
or in any yard or inclosure connected with the build-
ing in which the same shall be set up, shall be for-
leited. And any person having in his possession or
custody, or under his control, any still or distilling
apparatus set up which is notso registered, shall pay
a penalty of $500, and on conviction shall be lined
not less than $100 nor more than $1,000, and impris-
oned for not less than one month nor more than two
years.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to ask how the
amendment to the third section was adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stated very
distinctly that if there wasno objection it would
be considered as adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. It was so quickly disposed
of that 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was under
the impression that it came from the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to know the
gentleman's objection to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. My objection is that it is
entirely unnecessary. However, let it go now,
and take the vote upon it again hereafter.
The Clerk read as follows:
Seo. 5. And be it further enacted. That every per-
son engaged in, or intending to be engaged in, the
business of a distiller or roctifier, shall give notice in
•writing, subscribed by him, to tho assessor of tho
district within which such business is to be carried
on, stating bis name and place of residence, and if
a company or firm the name and place of residence
of each member thereof, the place where said busi-
ness is to be carried on, and whether of distilling or
rectifying. And if such business bo earned on in a
city, the residence and place of business shall bo indi-
cated by tho name of the street and number of tho
building. In case of a distiller the notice shall also
state the kind of stills, and the cubic contents thereof,
the number and kind of Boilers, thenumberof mash-
tubs and fermenting-tubs, and the cubic contents of
each tub, the number of receiving cisterns, and the
cubic contents of each cistern, together with a par-
ticular description of the lot or tract of land on which
Uic distillery is situated, with thesis and descrip-
tion of th-a buildings thereon, and of what material
constructed. The notice shall also state the number
of hours in which the distiller will ferment each fcub
of inash or beer, the estimated quantity of distilled
.spirits which tho apparatus is capable of distilling
ciery twonty-four hours, and the names and resi-
dence of every person interested or to be interested
in the business, and thatsaid distillery and the prem-
ises connected therewith are not within six hundred
feet ot any premises authorized to be used for recti-
lying or refining distilled spirits by any process. In
case of a rectifier, the notice shall state the precise
location of tho premises where such business is to be
carried on, the name and residence of every person
interested or to bo interested in the business, by
what process the applicant intends to rectify, purify,
or refine distilled spirits, tho kind and cubic contents
of any still used or to be used for such purposo, and
the estimated quantity of spirits which can bo rec-
tified, purified, or refined every twenty-four hours in
such establishment, and thatsaid rectifying estab-
lishment id not witum six hundred feet of the prem-
ises of any distillery registered for the distillation of
spirits. In case of any chango in tho location, form,
capacity, ownership, agency, suporintendency. or in
the persons interested in tho businoss of such dis-
tillery or rectifying establishment, or in the time of
fermenting the mash or beer, notioe thereof in writ-
ing shall be given to tho said assessor or to the
assistant assessor of tho division within twenty-four
hours of said change. And any assistant assessor
receiving such notice shall immediately transmitthc
same to the assessor of tho district. Every notice
required by this section shall be in such form and
shall contain such additional particulars as the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue may from tunc to
time prescribe. Any person failing or refusing to
give such notice shall pay a penalty of $1,000, and on
conviction shall be fined not less than $100 nor more
than $2.000,'and any person giving a false or fraudu-
lent notice shall, on conviction, in addition to such
penalty or fine, be imprisoned not less than six
months nor more than two years.
Mr. BECK. I move to strike out the word
" will," in line twenty, and insert in lieu of it
the words " usually takes to;" so that it will
read, 41 the number of hours in which the dis-
tiller usually takes to ferment each tub of mash
or beer." It is impossible to tell how long it
will take to ferment. I know it varies in my
(hstiiet from three days and a half to five days,
depending upon the weather and other causes.
You should not punish a man who cannot help
himself. He should not be held responsible
for the failure to ferment within the time, when
the weather or a thousand other contingencies
may prevent the fermentation.
Mr. SCHENQK. When I first read the
form of expression contained in other legisla-
tion it struck me somewhat in the same way.
We called a council of distillers on the subject
and found that this was just the language they
used. They have twenty-four-hour, forty-eight-
hour, and seventy-two-hour beer. Although
there may be a little difference occasioned by
the temperature, yet they classify the beer in
that way, and every distiller will tell in regard
to a particular kind of beer what time he wants
for his mode of distillation, so that the bill is
in fact drawn in conformity with the notions
of the distillers themselves. The amendment
would make it very vague even as to the rules
of the distillers themselves.
Mr. BECK. They should not be punished
for failing to do what is inevitable. The time
varies in extreme cold or in extreme warm
weather. A thunder-storm will sometimes so
affect it that it will not ferment in a very long
time. If the committee, however, think that
the word "will" leaves margin enough, I will
not press the amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I think it does.
Mr. SCHENCK. Permit me to say that
our object is to charge upon the capacity
among other things, and if we leave an uncer-
tainty about this we run the risk of not getting
the capacity taxed. The distillers themselves
have their rule on the subject, and whatever
time it takes to ferment they designate their
beer accordingly, as twenty-four, forty-eight,
or seventy-two hour beer.
Mr. BECK. I withdraw the amendment.
I only desired to call attention to the subject.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That every dis-
tiller shall, on filing his notice of intontion to con-
tinue or commence business with the assessor before
proceeding with such business, make and execute a
bond in form prescribed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, with at least two sureties, to be
approved by the assessor of the district. The penal
sum of said bond shall bt> not less than double the
amount of tax on the spirits that can be distilled in
his distillery during a period of fifteen days; but in
no case shall such bond be for a less sum than $10,000.
The condition of the bond shall be that the princi-
pal shall faithfully comply with all the provisions of
this act in relation to the duties and business of dis-
tillers, and will pay all penalties incurred or fines
imposed on him lor a violation of any of the said
provisions ; that he will not suffer the lot or tract of
land on which the distillery stands, or any part
thereof, or any of the distilling apparatus, to be
incumbered by mortgage, judgment, or other lien
during the time in which ho shall carry on saidbusi-
ness. Tho assessor may refuse to approve said bond
when, in his judgment, tho situation of the distillery
is such as would enable the distiller to defraud the
United States; and in case of such refusal, the dis-
tiller may appeal to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, whose decision in tho matter shall be final.
A new bond shall bo required in case of the death,
insolvency, or removal of either of the sureties, and
may be required in any other contingency, at the
discretion of the assessor or Commissioner ot Internal
Revenue. Any person tailing or refusing to give
tho bond hereinbefore required, or giving any false,
forged, or fraudulent bond, shall forfeit the distillery,
distilling apparatus, and allreal estate and premises
connected therewith, and onconviction shall be fined
not less than $500, nor more than $5,000, and impris-
oned not less than six months, nor more than two
years.
Mr. STEWART. I move to strike out all
after the word '• business," in line nineteen,
down to and including the word "final," in
line twenty-four, as follows :
The assessor may refuse to approve said bond
when, in his judgment, tho situation of the distillery
is such as would enable the distiller to defraud the
United States; and in caso of such refusal, the dis-
tiller may appeal to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, whose decision in the matter shall be
final.
I offer the amendment for the purpose of
learning from the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means what this paragraph refers
to. The gentleman has already provided that no
distillery shall be situated within six hundred
feet of a rectifying establishment. Nov/, the
construction may be given to this, it may be
implied, that the Commissioner of Internal
Kevenue has power to allow a distillery to be
within six hundred feet of a rectifying' estab-
lishment. I ask for information, and I hope
the chairman will give it to me.
Mr. SCHENCK. That clause is copied from
the existing law upon the subject, and is
intended, I suppose, for greater security j so
that even if it should be in the vicinity of some
other establishment, or so situated as to afford
some peculiar opportunities, in the opinion of
the assessor, of fraud, he shall compel the
party to take his case to tho Commissioner of
Internal Revenue for him to give judgment
upon it before he shall be permitted to estab-
lish a distillery. It will work no hardship,
because it is precedent to the establishment
of the distillery.
Mr. STEWART. I only supposed it might
be implied that it is within the province of the
Commissioner to say that a distillery may be
within six hundred feet of a rectifying estab-
lishment.
Mr. SCHENCK. No ; the provision is ab-
solute about that, and cannot be controlled by
the judgment of the Commissioner. This is a
mere provision for greater security, so that if
there should be any contingency which seemed
to look to fraudulent arrangements the assessor
might require the judgment of the Commis-
sioner upon it before the distillery should be
established. The law is positive that a dis-
tillery shall not be within six hundred feet ot
a rectifying establishment.
Mr. STEWART. I did not know but that
the power might be implied from the language
used. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill, as follows:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That no bond of
a distiller shall be approved unless heisthe owner in
fee, unincumbered by any mortgage, judgment, or
other lien, of the lot or tract of land on which the
distillery is situated, or unless he files with the
assessor, in connection with his notice, the wiitten
consent of the owner of the fee, and of any mortgagee,
judgment creditor, or other person having a hen
thereon, duly acknowledged, that the premises may
be used for the purpose of distilling spirits, subject
to the provisions of this act, and expressly stipulat-
ing that the lien of the United States for taxes and
penalties shall havepriority of such mortgage, judg-
ment, or other incumbrance, and that in case of the
forfeiture of the distillery premises, or any part
thereof, the title of the same shall vestin theUmted
States discharged from any such mortgage, judg-
ment, or other incumbrance. In any case where
the owner of a distillery, or distilling apparatus,
erected prior to the passage of this act, has an estate
for a term of years only, in the lot or traetof land on
which thedistillery is situated, the lease orother evi-
dence of title to which shall have been duly recorded
prior to the passage of this act, the value of such lot
or tract of land, together with the building and dis-
tilling apparatus, shall be appraised in the manner
to bo prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and the assessor is hereby authorized to
accept, in lieu of the said written consent of the
owner of the fee, the bond of said distiller with not
less than two sureties, who shall be residents of the
collection district or county, or an adjoining county
in the same State in which the distillery is situated,
and shall be the owners ot unincumbered real estate
in said district or county, or adjoining county, equal
to such appraised value. The penal sum of said
bond shall be equal to the appraised value of said
lot or tract of land, together with the buildings and
distilling apparatus, and conditioned that in case
the distillery, distilling apparatus, or any part
thereof, shall, by final judgment, be forfeited for the
violation of any of the provisions of this act, the
obligors will pay the amount stated in said bond.
Said bond shall be in such form as the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue shall prescribe.
Sec. 8. Andbe it further enacted, That every distiller,
and every person intending to engage in the business
of a distiller, shall, previous to the approval ot his
bond, cause to be made, under the direction ot the
assessor of the district, an accurate plan and descrip-
tion, in triplicate, of the distillery and distilling
apparatus, distinctly showing the location of every
still, boiler, doubler, worm-tub, and receiving cis-
tern, the course and construction of all fixed pipes
used or to be used in the distillery, and of every
branch thereof, and of every cock, or joint thereof,
and of every valve therein, together with every
place, vessel, tub, or utensil from and to which any
such pipe shall lead, or with which it communicates.
Such plan and description shall also show the num-
ber and location ana cubic contents of every still,
mash-tub, and fermenting-tub, together with tho
cubic contents of every receiving cistern, and the
color of each fixed pipe, as required in this act. One
copy of said plan and description shall be kept dis-
played m some conspicuous place in the distillery ;
two copies shall be furnished to the assessor of tho
district, one of which shall be kept by him and the
other transmitted to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. The accuracy, of every such plan and
I description shall be verified by the assessor, the
J draughtsman, and the'distiller; and no alteration
- shall be made in such distillery without the consent,
in writing, of the assessor, which alteration shall be
shown on the original or by it supplemental plan and
description, and a reference thereto noted on the
original, as the assessorinay direct; and any supple-
mental plan and description shall be executed and
preserved in the same manner as the original.
During the reading of the eighth section.
