2800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
May 8,
May 4,1859. whereupon the court ordered, adjudged,
ami dccreed that the said mandate should be carried
nito oucct  and that the said Gome? proceed under
the decree of the court as under a final decree,
I he effect of this was to perfect the title to said
ranciio m Mr. McGarrahan, as the gnmteo of Mr.
liotnez.^
At this stage of the en?e the most vigilant lawyer,
consulted by client and required to examine records,
could have given no other o]>hiion upou the state of
the records than that a fee-simple interest in the
ranciio was vested in Mr. McGarrahan.
hrom this time the parties oeeupyingtheproperty,
Without title or rightful claim, resorted to divers ex
troilmg oiUoors of the Government, This is shown
by the following facts:
1. A consultation between Mr. E. L. Goold, coun-
sel for the " squatters''upon the property alluded to,
with the Attorney General, und immediately there-
after that officer making a motion in the Supreme
Court to recall the mandate bei.trespoken of, ou the
ground of fraud and want ot jurisdiction,
2. The alleged traud was declared to consist in the
fact that a conveyance ot an undivided half interest
in the property had been made by Gouiez to i'acifi-
cus Ord, then representing the United States as dis-
trict attorney, aud that he had consented to the
propriety ot the original deereo of June o, 1857.
3. It is shown that Mr. Ord, alter his appoint-
ment to the oihco he held, not only revealed to tho
Government the fact that he was interested in the
claim, but requested the Government to employ other
counsel to attend to its interests.
4. .This the Government did not do; tho conse-
quence of whirh was, (hat Mr. Old, at the time of
the original decree, having no evidoneo militating
against the validity of the grant, acquiesccd in its
confirmation ; and m> tar u  this committee can dis-
cover the representation then made by Mr. Old was
in accordance with iucis.
5. At tins point in the proceedings it appeared that
some influence, unknown to the committee, had
caused the liie m;n ks and indorsements on the final
order ot the disnict court, made >n obediencc to the
mandate ot the Supreme Court, to be erased from the
recoid, as well as the Mm# ot tho mandate itself.
This seems to have been done on the 18th ot January,
18l>0, more than eight months alter the order had
been tiled. It also appears that certain entries in
tho books of tho Attorney Geneial's oihco respecting
the original appeal in this case aud the action ot the
Government in other appeals embraced in the same
order, were not known to the court or to JUcGar-
rahan's counsel in time for thciu to avail them-
selves of the benefits thereof, on the hearing ot the
case in tho iSupiuuie Court, on motion by the Attor-
ney Genurai to revoke the mandate. It will bo
remembered that it was upon the conclusive evidence
of his order that the Supreme Court had directed the
proper ontiy to be made upon their record, and that
their mandate waa issued.
0. This failure to disclose the (acts to the court by
the Government undoubtedly hud much to do in
securing the Older of the Supreme Court revoking
their mandate ot 18-VJ, and which order was strangely
withheld until June, 18i>2, when it was filed by the
present claimant lor the purpose of again lodging
jurisdiction of the casein the com t below.
7. Jiut, in the meantime, (March 21, ltfdl,) the dis-
trict court annulled its ongiual decree. This ex-
traordinary action on the part of the court .seems to
have been taken without notice, cither to the claimant
or his known counsel, and in the absence of both.
8. As soon as this* eonditi a of thing.* was ascer-
tained, an application was made to the couit to re-
store the decree, and upon lull hearing the order, as
requested, was mauo on the Uh Auguot, 1SG2.
9. Thus matters rested unlit the &jth August, 1802,
when the then district attorney, eontiaiy to express
stipulations, entered into octween himself and the
counsel for the claimant, in tueir absence and with-
out notice obtained an order ->f appeal to the Supremo
Court.
10. The impropj icty of thii< pioceeding is made ap-
parent for the reason that, m order to give the Su-
preme Court jui isdiction, a citation should have been
first issued, signed by the judges, served on theelaim-
aiii' return made, with proof ot service.
/)• ,1 vSry clear upon this point; the acts
ox and 1S03, which regulate appeals, (the appeal
not haviug been taken in open courcatthe June term
in loor, when the oiiginal decree was pronounced,
nor at the l)eceinber term in 1857, when the deeiee
was euteiod nunc pro tunc, or, in other words, within
five yeais as dnected by the statutes,,) demanded a
notiQQ to the opx'OsUe p.ufand the proceeding was
therefore eleaily v/iong. Tqceourtupon a full hear-
ing reached this detei inmatiou, und accordingly de-
cided,peccmber -J, ldd2, that the appeal allowed Au-
gust _o, lbb«, bo vacated and set aside, and that an
appeal on behalf of the United States to theSupieme
Court be denied.
licre, for the second time, the record evidenced a
perfect title in the claimant.
It having been twice judicially determined by the
action ot the courts, that Mr. McGarrahan was the
legal owner of the llaneho Panoche Grande, tho
aggressors upon his lights resorted to anew line of
action.
1. As seen after nine years of litigation, Mr. McGar-
rahan, the present claimant, succeeded in acquiring
two distinct confirmations of his title. It was then,
in accordance with the act of Congress of June, 1862,
he applied to the United States surveyor general of
California for a survey of the said tract of land, and
which othccr caused tho survey to be made and
approved September 11,1862. Thissurvey wastrans-
mitted immediately thereafter to tho General Land
Office, and a patent for tho property was demanded.
*}. Here, again, he was confronted by tho Newidrik
Mmiug Company, before referred to. The Secretary
ot tho interior at that time, (lion. Caleb B. Smith,)
after argument in the case, ordered the patent to
issue.
Thus, again, for tho third time, the title to the
Panoehe Grande was found to be in Mr. McGarrahan.
Some unknown cause delayed tho execution of this
order, and the patent was not issued. This neglect,
or refusal, was persisted in throughout the remainder
of Mr. Secietaiy Smith's term. Thomatter was then
brought to tho notice of Mr. Usner, the new Secre-
tary, before whom it was again argued, and by whom
a patent wasdnected to be issued. JNeithertheorder
ot Mr. Smith nor Mr. Osher was obeyed, for some
reason not yet uivulged or ascertained.
h'or the lourth time the title ot Gomez and his
granteewasdeoidcd to be good and available m law.
A lequest was then made by the claimant of Presi-
dent Lincoln that he would make aa examination
of the case and determine it upon its merits. This he
consented to do. Printed briefs were laid belore
him, aud upon lull consideration of ail the tacts and
circumstances he directed tne Secretary of the In-
tenor to cause a patent to issue to Mr. McGarrahan.
And thus, lor tho filth time. Air. McGarrahan was
declared to be entitled to the property, or rancho,
aud that neither the United States nor any other
person had lawful claim to tho same.
in accordance with this order of the President of
the United fetates to the Seci etary ot the Interior, a
patent was actually niado out, bat lor reasons not
fully explained never delivered to him for signature.
To recapitulate.
1. The proof of a legal grant from the Mexican
Government to Gomea and the transfer of title to
McGuriahan are clearly and indisputably shown.
2. The district court ot tho United States for the
southoi n distnct of California confirmed the grant.
3. The Attorney General of the United States de-
clared the title to the lauds to be m Mr. McGarra-
han, and caused an entry to that ctleetto be made
on the books of his ofiioe and in the Supreme Court.
i. lion. Caleb B. Smith, Secretary of tho Interior,
after examination and consideration ot the case,
ordeied a patent to be i.s.-ued to Mr. McGarrahan.
f>. Mr. Lslier, the successor in oliice of Mr. Smith,
similarly decided.
(3. Mr. Lincoln, after inquiry, decided tho grant to
be genuine, and that a patent should be issued to
Mr. McGairahan.
Jb'roin the time when tho district court pronounced
its decree of confirmation (June 5, 1867) and tho
President's action on tho case, (in tho fall pf 1863.) it
will be observed, over six years had elapsed, and, m
consequence of tho lapse of time, an appeal could
not be had according to law, unless something should
appear to avoid the limitation.
in Deceiubei, 1863, a paper, purporting to be a
transcript of proceedings as they appeared on the
records of the district court, was prepared in the
Attorney General's oliice in Washington, District of
Columbia, forwarded to the district attorney in Cali-
fornia, certified by him out of his district, without
comparison with tho record, and merely from mem-
ory, and from which transcript were omitted material
pausot theiccoid, andiotu;ned to Washington.
Upon tho transcript thus made up the case was
again brought before tho Supiemo Court, which
being discovered by tho claimaut, a motion was made
to strike off the appeal, wlncti was relused, although
it, as it seems to the committee, was out of tune, and
the transcript had been made up without reference
to the actual records of the district court.
Notwithstanding the Supreme Court refused to
strike oil the appeal taken m the manner indicated,
a new transcript was obtained, 18oo, from the clerk
of the district court, and filed at December term,
18B5, eight years and a half after the decree of the
district com t confirming the title was first pro-
nounced, and inoio than three years after the period
had elaps&d^vithm which the law allowed an appeal
to no taken in the case, unless some exception takes
it oat of the limitation. Upon this appeal the Su-
preme Court, in March, 1806, decided the ease against
tne claimant, and thus matters now stand.
The committee have bestowed a great deal of time
and labor upou this oase, m oider to airive at its
real facts and merits. The claimant and the parties
resisting his claim have been heard patiently and
at great length.
in presenting the conclusion at which thecommit-
tee have arrived they do not wish to be understood
as undertaking to review and reverse tho action of
the bupremo Coui t iclative to the case. Under and
by virtue of the riiiht ot pefmon the claimant has
piesented his case to Congress, and the House of
Kepresentativcs directed this committee to inquire
into the grounds ot ins complaint. This has been
done. Many tacts nave buen presented to the com-
mittee winch wcie not placed belore the coui t. Ad-
ditional evidence has been submitted and circum-
stances disc loaed which hav (i induced your committee
to conclude that the relief played lor by Mr. McGar-
rahan ought to bo extended to him; and this may
very readily be done. The title to the land claimed
and which he asks that he may be allowed to pur-
chase, is now vested in the Government of the United
States, and it is merely a question whether he shall
be permitted to secure that which, in the judgment
of your committee, ho acquired title to by virtue of
the Mexican grant aforesaid, or it shall fall into tho
hands of a corporation known as the New Idria Min
ing Company, which has been resisting his claim for
years and paying the expenses of the efforts of s-iid
company out of the proceeds of tho mines thp t.tu
to which rests m the United States.
It is clear that McGarrahan purchased tho prop-
erty in good faith, and for a valuabt© consideration,
when it was regarded as of but little value. His in-
terests have kfeen attacked and his title resisted,
nominally, I# the United States, but really by the
New Idria Mining Company. The name of the Uni-
ted States, iheir officers and money, have been used
to resist his claim, and all to the end.that this prop-
erty, v*£lo|Lble as it now undoubtedly is, may pass
into the^andsof parties who are wholly unknown
to the record of the proceedings had in the courts of
the United States, respecting the title to the land in
question, through all its years of transit from the
Board of Land Commissioners to and through the
Supreme Court of the United States.
The company aforesaid placed bofoie the commit-
tee a memorial,in which the case is stated a? follows:
"The real parties who contested the grant were
your memorialists, for against them only were the
efforts of the owners of the'Panoche Grande Ran-
cho ' directed. For the New Idria mines, aud for tho
fruits of the labor of those who have developed than,
the owners of the 'Panoche Grand£' are now seek-
ing congressional interference in their behalf. It may
well be doubted whether the 'Panoche Grande*
would ever have been heard of in the district court
of the United States or in Congress but for the hope
of robbing- your memorialists of the fruits of their
years of labor and vast expenditures of money."
This extract shows that the United States have no
interest as between these parties beyond that of pre-
serving its faith as pledged in the treaty made be-
tween this Government and that of Mexico. And as
to the allegation of robbery, &c., made by said com-
pany, it may be remarked that one of its stockhold-
ers, of large interest, testified before the committee
that after paying all of the expenses of said com-
pany, including every outlay, a balance would be left
in its treasury on account stated.
The precedents are numerous where the Congress
has afforded redress in cases of an analogous char-
acter. The following arc referred to :
I. The Soscol act. 12 United States Statutes, page
808.
II. The Bolsa de Jomales act, 13 United States
Statutes, page 336.
III. Ex-Mission San Jose act, 13 United States Stat-
utes, page 534.
IV. Laguna de Santos Callc aet, 13 United States
Statutes, page 372.
V. Baron de Bastrop act, 9 United States Statutes,
page 597.4 # /
In addition to which we have the act of June 21,
I860, and the act of March"!, 1861.
In view of all^ the fac)s developed in the case, and
believing that justice/knd equity demand that the
relief prayed for by the claimant be extended to him,
the committee recofomend the passage of the bill
herewith reported x
:SSION OF ARKANSAS.
Mr.^fiTE^ENS, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Reconstruction, reported back
House bill No. 1039, to admit the State of Ark-
ansas to representation in Congress, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read in extenso. The pream-
ble states that the people of Arkansas, in pur-
suance of the provisions of an act entitled * 'An
act for the more efficient government of the
rebel States," passed March 2, 1807, and the
acts supplementary thereto, have fiamed and
adopted a constitution of State government
which is republican in form, and the Legisla-
ture of said State has duly ratified the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the TJniled State3
proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and
known as article fourteen.
The bill then declares that the State of Ark-
ansas is entitled and admitted to representa-
tion in Congress, as one of tho States of the
tmon upon the following fundamental condi-
tion: that the constitution of Arkansas shall
never be so amended or changed as to deprive
any citizen or class of citizens of the United
blates of the right to vote who are entitled to
vote by the constitution herein recognized ex-
cept as a punishment for such crimes us are
now felonies at the common law, whereof they
shall have been duly convicted.
Mr. LLDRiDGK. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. KtltexsI
whether it is the purpose of the chairman of the
Committee on Reconstruction to force action
discussion ^ WUh°Ut ^ of
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
bpeaker, I have no objection to the gentleman's
d scuSS1„g lt It be.Dg a bm whicg f tiihik_
T wi ll rfXCepV°n' more 80 tha  a y oilier,
toifini r! toh.ear.1,f ^ere is any objection
m rl11 WlU be Presented
as possible. I do not want to discuss a single
onTo-dTy ° bUt 1 deS're ifc sllould be
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would say to the gen-
