1366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
ern the trial that are of force in the criminal
tribunals of the country.
The trial is to all intents and purposes a
criminal trial, and the court having jurisdic-
tion to try the offense must necessarily have
jurisdiction of the person of the alleged of-
fender ; and it must have the power to control
him absolutely in all respects as courts of crim-
inal jurisdiction have power to control all per-
sons accused of crime, or the power to try him
is a nullity. As soon as an officer impeached
is summoned to answer by the Senate, or is
arrested by order of the Senate, he is in cus-
tody of the law, and is of course incapable of
discharging the duties of any office.
The effect, then, of an impeachment, as the
law nowstands, is to deprive the officer im-
peached of the power to do any official act.
But this proposition has been denied, and it
has been asserted that the impeachment has no
effect whatever upon the status of the officer
until after lie is convicted ; that the officer im-
peached may appear for trial or not according
to his own pleasure; and if he does not appear
that he may be tried in his absence. If the
impeached officer shall flee, undoubtedly he
maybe tried in his absence ; but if he remains
within the territorial jurisdiction of the court,
the court has power to arrest and imprison
him previous to and pending the trial, if it
shall be deemed necessary to do so.
To show the unsoundness of the assertion
that the impeachment has no effect upon the
status of the officer impeached until aiter con-
viction, and the absolute necessity of a differ-
ent rule, it is only necessary to see what might
be done by an impeached officer even while on
trial.
Suppose the President, in time of war, is
impeached for treason, and during his trial he,
as Commander-in-Chief of the Army, should
propose to surrender this capital of the nation
to the enemy, including himself and his judges,
and all the archives of the Government,, is there
any lawful power to prevent his doing the act?
Or suppose a justice of the Supreme Court
should be impeached for receiving a bribe to
decide a cause in a particular way, what shall
prevent him from going on to the bench and
carrying out his part of the criminal agreement
even after he has been put upon his trial ?
The power and the right to prevent the con-
summation of these crimes must exist some-
where, and that power can be found nowhere
unless it is in the power to impeach and try
the offenders and ill the power necessarily given
by implication to restrain and control the al-
leged offender after he is impeached and during
his trial. The Constitution expressly gives the
power to impeach and to try, and it. also gives
to Congress the power to make all laws which
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
execution all powers vested by the Constitu-
tion in the Government of the United States,
or in any department or officer thereof.
In the debates, resolutions, and other pro-
ceedings in the convention of the State of Vir-
ginia, on the adoption of the Federal Consti-
tution, Mr. Madison says:
"There is one security in this ease to which gentle-
men may not have adverted: if the President bo
connected ill any suspicious manner with any per-
sons, and there bo gioumts to believe he will shelter
himself, the House of Representatives can impeach
him; they can remove linn it fouud guilty; they can
suspend him when .suspected, aud the power will de-
volve on the Vice President. Should he be suspected
also, he may likewise be suspended till ho be im-
peached and removed, and the Legislature may make
a temporary appointment."—Vol. 2, page 867.
It is nonsense to say that a court can try a
criminal unless it has both jurisdiction and the
right to control his person. And how can it
be said that the court, while trying the Pres-
ident, has jurisdiction and control of his per-
son, if that officer, at the same time, controls
the executive braneh of the Government,
commands the Army and Navy, and thus holds
the power to bribe by patronage all parties
connected with the trial, and to disperse by
force or imprison or destroy both his judges
and accusers?
Such a trial would be nothing but a farce,
and could not be expected to result in a con-
viction, no matter how clearly the guilt of the
accused might be established. But suppose
that such a trial should, contrary to all human
probability, result in a conviction ; how is the
judgment of the court to be enforced? Will
the man who has been guilty of treason,
bribery, or other high crimes and misdemean-
ors, quietly surrender his office at the command
of his judges?
"It must be assumed that he 'will by those
who contend that he is not suspended by the
impeachment, for the court has no more power
to enforce the judgment after it is pronounced
than it had in the beginning to control the
defendant's person by arrest. But it may be
said that all acts done by or under the author-
ity of an officer, after he is found guilty, and
the judgment is pronounced, are illegal and
void, and that therefore the judgment executes
itself. Are not all acts done by him, or under
his authority, while he is in custody of the
law, after being impeached by this House,
equally illegal and void ? Can an officer, im-
peached for crime, while in custody of the law,
repeat the very acts for which he is impeached?
If the impeachment itself has no effect upon
his official standing, most certainly he may.
It seems, therefore, to be very plain, that
when an officer is impeached and summoned
to answer the impeachment, before the Sen-
ate, bis power to do any official act is neces-
sarily suspended. He is still an officer, but
he is not an acting officer. In the naval and
military service the verbal order of a superior
officer to an inferior to report himself under
arrest, deprives the officer so ordered to report
of all power to act as an officer until he is re-
leased from arrest.
The Constitution has given to Congress the
power to make all laws which shall be necessary
and proper to carry into effect the power of im-
Eeachmcnt, as well as the other powers granted
y that instrument; audit'the impeachment does
not, by itself, suspend the officer from acting,
it would clearly be within the power of Con-
gress and manifestly its duty to pass a law sus-
pending the impeached officer until he should
be tried and acquitted ; because such a law is
clearly necessary and proper for the purpose
of carrying into execution the power of im-
peachment, but such a law ought to be passed
before the officer is impeached, although it
may reach a class of cases that cannot be
reached by indictment. But it seems to me
that by the law, as it now stands, an impeach-
meut necessarily suspends the official power
of the person impeached for the reasons I have
stated, and which I will restate in a more con-
densed form:
First. Because the proceeding by impeach-
ment is purely a criminal proceeding.
kiecond. A criminal cannot be tried beforeany
tribunal unless that tribunal has both jurisdic-
tion and control of the person of the accused.
Third. No person can be properly tried while
he has the power to intimidate, overawe, or
control his judges, or any one of them.
Fourth. The power to try any person for an
alleged criminal offense necessarily includes
the power to control his person during the trial.
Mr. CAKE. Mr. Speaker, leaving to other
Representatives of the people here the discus-
sion of the constitutional question involved in
the impeachment of the acting President, it is
my purpose to advert, and that but, briefly, to
the effect it will have upon the public mind.
It has been my privilege to spend the last
week among those who sent me here to repre-
sent them. The conduct of Andrew Johnson
was freely discussed by men of all parties, and
not in one single instance did I find an apolo-
gist for him. Leading Democrats insist that
he must be thrown overboard in order to save
their party, and many Republicans think he
might be left alone in safety as the best card to
bo played against copperheads in the coming
canvass. But, politics aside, all agree that lie
is a dangerous man, and that the country would
be calmed by his suspension from the duties
of his high position. His impending impeach-
ment has opened up the whole question of the
rebellion. Nowhere except upon this floor
have I heard threats of reuewed hostilities.
If the obstructionists mean that, let them begin
as soon as they please.
Just seven years ago the people of the free
States were called npon to staudby the nation.
Disregarding the cries of their partisan leaders,
they mustered in defense of their country, and
from first to last helped to crush the rebellion.
What was the cry of those who sought the life
of the nation seven years ago? The same that
we hear to-day. " The Constitution is disre-
garded ; the Constitution is in danger!" Vote
as they may, when the drum beats to arms the
loyal men of the land will be found upon the
side of the Union, and the majority of the blue
over the gray will bo counted by millions. The
northern followers of Breckinridge in 1860 are
the copperheads of 18(38, and the masses under-
stand all about their love for the Constitution.
Sir, if it were not for the coincidence con-
nected with it, I should not mention the fact
that Pennsylvania furnished the first volunteers
who occupied this Hall in April, 1861. These
soldiers all came from Democratic counties.
Schuylkill, with her two thousand Democratic
majority, sent two companies numbering over
two hundred and thirty men. Berks, always
good for from live to seven thousand, sent her
grand company of artillerists. Lehigh, steadily
voting wrong by nearly two thousand, furnished
her company, and Mifflin, always counted
against us upon election day, her hundred gal-
lant hearts. The blood of this advanced bat-
talion has sprinkled every battle-field of the
rebellion. Not one of them thought it neces-
sary to look up the Constitution in order to see
whether what they were about would square with,
its provisions. They realized the danger that
threatened their country, and, forgetting even
how they voted, they came to fight, and did
fight, on the right side. Disregarding the Con-
stitution-shriekers in their rear, they put their
heads and hands to the work of saving it and
their country. Upon every battle-field, with,
the blaze of the enemy's fire in his face, the
Union soldier always heard this cackle about
the Constitution from the secession sympathiz-
ers at home. That instrument was made to
seem in his eyes to embody the conditions of
death and not the principle of life to the na-
tion. Andrew Johnson himself cautioned the
people against those who prate about the Con-
stitution in times of public danger. This cry,
so disgusting to the soldier in arms, is stale
and flat and without effect. The millions read
and interpret the Constitution for themselves.
They find in it the strength and security of the
Union. They cannot believe in any interpret-
ation that insures its own destruction. By its
plain letter no man is too high to escape the
penalty of its violation or the violation of laws
enacted under it.
The people, believing that Congress had
reason months ago to impeach the President,
await impatiently for the issue. The public
mind is ready for the event.
Mr. Speaker, it has become the fashion, when
discussing this question of impeachment and
other kindred measures, for the obstructionists
to style the majority here an accidental major-
ity, and to anticipate the day when the power
upon this floor will be transferred to the other
side of the dead line. The elections of 1867
are referred to with great glee, and we are told
to behold in them Belshazzar's warning. Sir,
I see a different meaning in those elections of
1867. If the people faltered in the autumn it
was because Congress had faltered in the spring.
The expectations of the loyal voters of the
Union have been far in advance of the action
of their Representatives.
Appreciating the character of Andrew John-
son with a keenness and correctness that seemed
to have forever departed from the members they
elected in 1866, they had much reason to be-
lieve and fear that a majority of the Fortieth
Congress had surrendered; and, in view of the
fact that every department of the Government
but one had been utterly debauched, they began
