1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4439
&c., quite one half of the interest upon the
bonds issued to it, which interest has been paid
by the Government; so that the eastern divis-
ion has this great advantage before the world,
that it has kept its credit perfectly good with
the Government; and I have no reason to
apprehend that in the future it will run in
urrear in the payment of interest.
I do not wish to protract the discussion, but
f beg to be indulged in saying that I in a great
degree concur in the view taken of this subject
by the honorable Senator from Wisconsin. I
do not look upon it as a perfectly settled ques-
tion that this enterprise will be a money mak-
ing otic for the Government or the country
across the main branch. I look upon that im-
mense desert spreading itself between the two
ranges of mountains both on the route of the
Omaha line and on the route of the line upon
the thirty-fifth degree, which is in contempla-
tion, as entirely experimental still, and I am
not prepared by any means to say now that I
will hereafter give my consent to granting a
subsidy to a line on the thirty-fifth degree of'
latitude. I do not know what may turn up in
the future; but 1 hold my opinions in abey-
ance on that question. The effect of the pas-
sage of this bill will be absolutely to insure, as
1 have the best reason to believe, the comple-
tion of the line from Cheyenne Wells through
Denver to the city of Cheyenne on the Omaha
branch, and with all commendable speed. It
will insure it absolutely, as 1 have no doubt;
and this measure is entirely separate and inde-
pendent from the contemplated enterprise of
building a road along the thirty-fifth degree of
latitude. The two things are entirely inde-
pendent of each other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator a question. It seems this company can-
not build for want of means this forty miles.
Then how are they going to build the other part
of the road?
Mr. LUiAKE. There is power here to mort-
gage that portion of the road west of Cheyenne
Wells.
Mr. HOWARD. They will raise money by
means of a mortgage which this bill author-
izes. Their means will be sufficient; and be-
sides, they have every inducement in the world
to complete the line.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask whether, if this
subsidy is granted so that this road is con-
structed by Denver to Cheyenne, that will set-
tle our difficulty Trith the central branch ? Will
they turn thsir road into the Smoky Hill route,
so that we can settle that question of their
claim on the Government?
Mr. HOWAHD. I do not see that this has
any relation to that question at all.
Air. DOOLITTLE. If we could settle the
difficulty with the central branch, if they would
tum their road and go into the Smoky Hill
route, and go that way on to the main railroad
at Cheyenne, it would be an argument lor this
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN". The central branch can
then make their connection at the very point
they contemplated making it and make their
eonnection_ with the Pacific railroad. They
always contemplated making their connection
with the eastern division east of Fort Riley ; j
and if we pass this bill they can carry out their
original design and run their line into the
eastern division and have their connection,
which ought to be always claimed, with the
Pacific railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ohio
must know better than that; they have got
beyond Fort Riley now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know they have; but
they can make their connection with this rail-
road and make connection with the Union
Pacific.
Mr. HOWARD. They will have a clear
right to do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If they do not it will be
their own fault-
Mi'. HARLAN. I do not want anybody to
be'misled about that. This road diverges off
to the southwest,which will render it perfectly
impracticable for the central branch to connect
with it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate "will see that
this road does not go to the southwest until it
gets to Fort Riley, and the central branch was
bound to make connection east of Fort Riley,
and can do it.
Mr. HARLAN. The central branch has
now built west of the meridian of Fort Riley.
They will have to turn around and corue back
considerably east of the present terminus, and j
to make this connection they would have to
build a long parallel road, perhaps equal in
length to making connection with the original
point at the one hundredth meridian. The
claim of the central branch stands on its own
merits, and so must this. The committee
thought it would be wise to give this company
an additional credit to enable them to hasten
the completion of their road to the Cheyenne
Wells, a place where it will be convenient to
make outfits, where there is plenty of grass
and water; that the public convenience re-
quired that they should be stimulated to make
it thus far; but it will not relieve the obli-
gation of the Government to carry out the
original understanding with the central branch
in my opinion.
Mr. CONKLING. We see now very clearly
that this is a matter which ought not to be
disposed of in a moment, and I wish upon
two points that have been suggested to make a
remark.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Before the Senate goes
on I wish to suggest that this bill be laid aside
for a few moments in order that we may pre-
sent morning business. I have a number of
papers to present, but I gave way this morning
to the Senator from Missouri, expecting that
the bill which he called up would occupy but
a short time. It is leading to debate, and I
suggest that it he passed over informally, and
that we go on with the morning business. I
have waited for an hour.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no wish to inter-
fere with the convenience of anybody.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask that the bill he
laid aside, that we may present the morning
business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr._ As-
thoxy in the chair.) Is there any objection to
the proposition of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania? The Chair hears none. The bill is laid
aside temporarily.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BUCKALEW presented a petition of
citizens of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania,
praying that pensions be granted to the soldiers
and sailors of the war of 1812, and to the widows
of such as have died; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, praying that pensions be granted
to the soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812,
and to the widowsof such as have died; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of employes
of the Lehigh Zinc Company's oxide works at
South Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, remonstrat-
ing against the renewal of the patent of Samuel
T. Jones for the manufacture of oxide of zinc;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I also present a memo-
rial of A. J. Marshall, on the ventilation ot the
two Halls of Congress. This memorial, with
the accompanying papers, contains some very
interesting matter. 1 move that the papers be
laid on the table and printed, with a view to
having the subject considered at the next ses-
sion of Congress.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of
Normand Wiard, praying that Government
manufactories may be abolished and that such
manufactured articles as may be required for
the use of the Government be purchased;
which was referred to the joint Committee on
Ordnance.
Mr. HOWE presented a letter of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, addressed to the Commit-
tee on Claims, inclosing copies of papers rela-
tive to the petition of Margaret Doyle.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. Harriet W. Pond have leaveto
withdraw her petition and papers from the fiiosof the
Senate.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw tha
private papers filed with the application for a change
of register of the brig Highland Mary.
PALEMON JOHN.
Mr. BUCKALEW. House bill No. 4S3,
relating to the claim of Palemon John, a
former assessor of internal revenue in Penn-
sylvania, was passed some days since, and I
entered a motion to reconsider. I desire to
say that I have examined all the papers since
the passage of the bill, and I find there is only
one defect in the case. I allude to this now
because the case arises in my own district.
The amount of stamps which it is alleged Mr.
John returned to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue is proved only by his own oath. That
is a point to which I have directed my attention.
The evidence is very satisfactory that ho mailed
stamps directed to the Commissioner of the
Internal Revenue at the post office at Blooms-
burg. The postmaster swears to that fact, and
the fact is indisputable. It also appears very
clearly by the investigations which were made
under the direction of the Postmaster General
that that registered letter was purloined from
the mails, or lost somewhere between Blooms-
burg and Philadelphia. It seems, also, that
another letter sent the day following by the
postmaster there, notifying the postmaster at
Washington city of the mailing of this regis-
tered letter, never reached its destination. It
appears probable, in fact I believe from the
papers, that both these letters, the letter trans-
mitting the stamps and the letter of advice
from the postmaster at Bloomsburg to the post-
masterat Washington, were purloined from the
mails after tliey left Bloomsburg, having been
mailed there.
Under these circumstances, although the oath
of the claimant alone fixes the amount of stamps
which he mailed, it seems reasonably clearthat
he did mail about the amount which he states.
That was exactly the balance necessary to close
his account, some seven hundred dollars. He
is a man of credit and veracity, and swears to
the fact; and now, under an amendment of the
laws of the United States, introduced by myself,
he would be admitted in the Federal courts on
liis oath as a witness, even in a case where he
was a party. Upon examining his account at
the internal revenue department, I think there
is sucli moral certainty in the ease that I am
willing to withdraw my motion to reconsider,
and let the bill stand passed, although I acknowl-
edge that in ordinary cases it would be very
hazardous, indeed, to permit a party to get a
claim through on his own oath.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, leave will be granted to withdraw
the motion to reconsider. The Chair hears no
objection, and the motion is withdrawn.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1131) regulating judicial proceed-
ings in certain cases for the protection of
officers and agents of the Government, and for
the better defense of the Treasury against
unlawful claims, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of the heirs-
at-law of Thomas Lawson, reported a bill (S.
j No. 647) for the relief of the lieirs of the late
! Thomas Lawson, deceased; which was read
and passed to a second reading.
; Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on In-
' dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
i No. 040) to provide for the payment of sub-
| sistence furnished for the Navajo Indians,
] reported it without amendment.
I Mr. THAYER. The same committee, to
