1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1867
to think it easier to let the enemy in without
the trouble of a battle than to win the victory
only to see themselves sold out to the public
enemy. _ But, sir, the expectations of the vast
Republican majority of the land are being met
this day, and let him who falters now beware !
The electric spark that kindled the political
fires of 1860 and 1804 has been struck, and
from every State comes the shout of the Re-
publican hosts preparing for victory. Let us
go right on and complete the work, and we
have nothing to fear. To trifle longer with
this question is to trifle with the just demands
of the Union-loving people of the nation.
To the work of debauching the Departments
Andrew Johnson has brought all the cunning
of the practiced demagogue. The public fully
understand this, and await his punishment with
solemn expectation. If Congress should fail
in its great duty now the heart of the people,
made sick by procrastination, would be crushed
with grief and dismay.
Around Edwin M. Stanton are gathering the
sympathies of an outraged people. In hira
they are to be vindicated. Through him was
saved about -all that was saved to the Union
from the wreck of Buchanan's administration.
His heart of oak sustained the martyr Lincoln
through many a trial, and now his fidelity and
loyalty have saved the War Department from
the hands of the reviving rebellion.
The public mind is bent upon the expulsion
of the obstructionist. Had it not been for his
attempt to destroy the great captain who is to
succeed him the people might have patiently
waited until the 4th of March, 1869, but the
violent attempt to seize the War Department
has rendered it criminal to longer disregard
his madness.
It may be that the will of the majority is to
go for naught—that the defeated rebels will
never, never, no, never, never submit."
Every member can speak best for his own
district. In mine it matters not how they
vote, I will vouch for the loyalty of my neigh-
bors. And I know that they will not only sub-
mit to the majority but that they will fight to
compel the submission of others who luay re-
sist. I have an abiding faith in the loyalty
and patriotism of the people. Gentlemen may
assert that their constituency mean to rebel
against the law, and mean to uphold a bad
public officer in his effort to destroy the Gov-
ernment. Let us do their constituency jus-
tice in not quite crediting all this until we find
it substantiated, but let ns prepare for what-
ever befalls. The gentleman who so maligns
his neighbors ought to know the truth of that
which he utters. I would rather believe that
the free men of the nation, who ground sla-
very and rebellion into the dust together, will
buckle on the knapsack and fight aiid vote
upon the right side, as they have always done,
and keep the majority upon the right side of
national issues.
Sir, it may be that these threats may mean
something. It may be that the slaveholders'
rebellion is again to be precipitated upon us.
I do not believe it.
Let this, however, be understood, that if, in
their opposition to the will of God that this
nation shall indeed be great and grand and
free, the obstructionists mean to interpose
again the dismal prospect of another civil war,
I, speaking for myself and the men of all par-
ties that 1 know at home, say this, that for
Grant and Stanton against Johnson and the
nullifiers, that for the Union and the Constitu-
tion, for Congress and the people, as against
the monstrous heresies of the enemies of equal
rights, a grand division of drilled soldiers can
be mustered in six hours 1,1 my district, while
not a corporal's guard could be obtained for
the nullifiers and obstructionists in as many
weeks.
Messrs. PILE, WINDOM, NEWCOMB,
and BEAMAN addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, for two years
the loyal people of this country and their Rep-
resentatives in Congress have been keeping
watch and ward at the gates of the citadel of
liberty. In this time of watchfulness these
guardians of the public welfare have not only
been willing but anxious to avoid all unneces-
sary measures which might seem to be harsh in
their character—willing to bear all evils and
irregularities so long as these evils and irregu-
larities did not endanger thelife of the Republic.
To such an extent had this spirit of forbear-
ance gone that thousands of true and tried
men, who had risked their all for the suppres-
sion of the rebellion, began to fear that the
fruits of hard won victories were to be turned
over to the enemy, and that the bloodiest war
recorded on the page of history was to result
in worse than a failure.
In attempting to furnish safeguards for the
welfare of the nation the law-making power
of the land, in March last, placed upon the
statute-book of the nation a law which, not by
inference, not by implication, but in express
terms, declared that certain things should not
be done, and that if these things were done
the act of so doing would be a high misde-
meanor. This law, Mr. Speaker, left nothing
to surmise, nothing to conjecture; it was and
is as free from ambiguity as the English lan-
guage can make it.
Andrew Johnson, with this law thus plainly
written before him, with this statute in his
hand, deliberately and intentionally strikes at
the majesty of the law and attempts to tram-
ple it beneath his feet. This act, sir, aroused
the suspicions of the most unsuspicious. This
attempt to set at defiance the sovereignty of
the law removed the mask from the man who
was made President by the act of an assassin,
and proclaimed in language not to be misun-
derstood that Andrew johnson would not
hesitate to set the laws at defiance where they
interfered with his plans, and if an opportunity
offered to proclaim himself dictator upon the
ruins of the Republic.
As the law-making power of the nation, as
agents of a people jealous of their liberties, we
eannot, sir, we dare not, longer shut, our eyes
to the danger that surrounds us. We cannot,
sir, at this moment say that we have not had
warning. No, sir. Andrew Johnson and his
Democratic friends in and out of Congress, and
all the unrepentant, red-handed rebels of the
South, have for months and years denominated
us as a " Rump Congress," as "an unconsti-
tutional body," as a "body hanging upon the
verge of the Government;" and now, to prove
that these things were not said in jest, he boldly
sets at defiance a law passed by the Represent-
atives of the people in the high council cham-
bers of the nation, and is applauded and in-
dorsed by all the parties before referred to.
Yes, Mr. Speaker, the trial hour of this ques*
tion is upon us. We cannot avoid it if we
would, and, with my confidence unshaken in
the courage and integrity of my colaborers, I
dare assert we would not if we could.
We are told by the eloquent gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks,] who now comes to
the aid of the President in his onslaught upon
the sanctity of law, that the Army is largely
composed of Democrats, and that the Army is
with the President, and that in the happening
of certain events "they will never, never, so
help him God, never, never submit." Well,
Mr. Speaker, that is the stereotyped language
of 1860-61. If it evsr had any power it has
long since passed, and I tell that gentleman
that the men with whom he now has to deal are
not to be scared from their propriety or their
duty by the reverberations of any such home-
made thunder. No, sir; the people, the depos-
itories of power, both civil, political, and mil-
itary, all over this land, are in favor of the
supremacy of law, as against any man or any
set of men ; and in that fact, sir, rests the hope
of the nation. No man ever did, no man ever
will, carry the American people against law,
and if it becomes necessary to call upon the
people to support the laws against the usurpa-
tions of Andrew Johnson now, or any other
man in the future, they will rally to do battle
for the right. Yes, sir, they will
" Come as the winds come when forests arerended.
Come as the waves come when naviesare stranded."
Mr. Speaker, while we talk the nation waits
in breathless silence; waits, sir, not for the
speeches, but for the vote. The nation is sat-
isfied, now, and has been long since; they
know the character of the man wc have to deal
with, and their only fear is that we shall not
prove equal to the duty devolving upon us.
As the sun of to-day sinks behind the western
hills, as the hands of the clock point to the
hour of five, when, in accordance with the
order of the House, the vote is to be taken
upon this momentous question, there will be
more anxious hearts in this land than at any
one moment since the thunder of cannon and
the groans of the dying were silenced upon the
battle-field.
And, sir, when on to-morrow the sun rolls
up the eastern horizon and walks through the
opened "gates of the morning he will, if the
vote be such as I confidently Took for, witness
among the loyal people of the Republic joy
and gladness, and among the spccial friends
of the President weeping and wailing and
gnashing of teeth.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, if I am not mis-
taken, the House of Representatives is about
to impeach the President of the United States
of "high crimes and misdemeanors." The
House is about to do this under the plain
authority granted to it by the Constitution of
the United States. The sole power of imppach-
ment resides in this House. It is, therefore,
not at all necessary for gentlemen upon the
other side to be alarmed, to warn us to beware
of anything, for we are not about to do any-
thing which wc have not the clear power and
right to do under the letter of the Constitution
itself. I say to them, therefore, that they need
have no apprehension, for we shall not over-
step the limits of the Constitution and the laws
of the country. On the contrary, the House
is here engaged to-day in this high debate,
solely for the reason that it intends to vindi-
cate and execute the authority of the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States. It is the
violation of both these of which we complain.
I do not underestimate, I think, the import-
ance of the occasion. I know very well that it
will challenge the attention of the whole coun-
try ; I know we enter upon a new field. Under
the blessing of God, it has so happened here-
tofore in the United States that we have never
had a President whom it vvas necessary for us
to impeach and to try. But, sir, 1 am not
apprehensive, as some gentlemen have been,
that it will convulse the people of this country
at all. They see the authority and they see
the reason for the exercise of that authority.
Why, sir, I take occasion to say that I have
been among those who have hesitated long
before resorting to this measure—not, indeed,
because I did not perceive that there was strong
reason for its exercise heretofore, but because
I thought it better, as I know many other per-
sons did, that, we should bear much and suffer
very much rather than resort to this extreme
measure. 1 had constantly hoped that we had
got to the end of the usurpations and the de-
fiances which have been hurled at Congress
from time to time by the President of the
United States; but at last I am convinced, as
I believe all at least upon this side are, that
there is to be no end of this course of conduct.
I am glad, too, that we have delayed thus
long. 1 was not willing, and should not be
now, that this measure should be undertaken
upon any doubtful case. I desired that we
should have a complete and perfectly clear case
upon which to present the President of the
United States for trial, so that there should be
no honest man in the United States that could
look upon this case and not say that there was
abundant reason for what the House of Repre-
sentatives was doing.
Why, sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Boyek,] only a little while ago, told us
