1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2891
tleman from Pennsylvania here is a report to
the House which consists of fifty printed pages,
and it is laid on our tables this morning, or
rather, I believe, it is not laid on our tables
generally ; I was able only a moment ago to
obtain a copy. The bill itself was also only
handed.to me a moment ago, and I understand
the gentleman's colleague on the committee
[Mr. Bkuic] has had 110opportunity to examine
the evidence submitted in connection with the
report, it is desirable it should be examined
and discussed. We do not consider this bill
so unexceptionable as the gentleman has inti-
mated. We think it involves important prin-
ciples that ought to be discussed: that the
same principles are involved in this bill that
were to some extent involved in the bill admit-
ting Alabama ; and we think, without having
had an opportunity to examine the papers, that
it is in gross violation of the Constitution, and
we ought to be allowed reasonable time to
discuss it
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I cer-
tainly shall not object to the gentleman's hav-
ing reasonable time to discuss it. The bill has
been distributed, I believe, and all I can say is,
if gentlemen want to speak I hope those who
think there is 110 difficulty about it will not
occupy the time, but let the doubting gentle-
men occupy the time. With that understand-
ing, as we have now some three hours before
us to-day, I will move the previtrus question,
agreeing that 1 will not say a word.
Mr. BAKER. Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment ?
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a suggestion ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Yes, sir.
Mr. BECK. This bill is just submitted, but
the papers setting forth all the facts have not
yet been considered. General Orantsent in a
communication on Thursday last. That has
not yet been laid before the House. Though
advanced copies are now here, yet members
have never seen it. It is a long, detailed re-
port. The papers also which were sent to the
House by the President relating to the southern
elections are not yet before us. Now, if the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will fix an early
day, say Monday or Tuesday next, the House
will have an opportunity to understand the
facts and will be able to vote advisedly. I only
ask that we may have these papers before us
so as to be able to act intelligently. It will
only require a delay of a day or two. The
printers, I understand, will have them ready
to-night or to-morrow morning.
Mr. BO UT WELL. I believe the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] is in error in re-
gard to the printing; as I understand it, all the
papers which the gentleman wanted to have
printed have been printed and are now on the
desks of members.
Mr. BECK. I desired the affidavits accom-
panying the report to be printed but the commit-
tee were, of opinion that they were so volumi-
nous that it would take too long to print them.
Therefore I consented that they might not be
printed. But I hoped to have an opportunity
to examine them if not printed.
Mr. BOUT WELL. 1 understood that all
that the gentleman from Kentucky really
thought important to be examined have been
printed.
Mr. BECK. But I hoped, with those docu-
ments before us, we could have an opportunity
to examine the affidavits and the exhibits re-
ferred to. On account of the delay in printing
I consented that they should not be printed.
I now only ask a day or two to enable us to
examine the papers.
Mr. BOUTWELL. In reply to the gentle-
man I will say that the examination which I
made of the papers leads me to the conclusion
that they are numerous, voluminous, andunim-
portant. The affidavits are in regard to indi-
vidual transactions, attempts to vote and voting
alleged to be irregular. But all these papers,
as I understand from the reports made to the
House, were "submitted by the general com-
manding in that district to Colonel Tourtelotte,
who went to Little Bock, Arkansas, examined
the whole matter, and made a report thereon,
which is printed in these documents. It covers
less than three pages. I believe it is a fair
statementof the whole affair, which can be read
from the Clerk's desk in less than fifteen min-
utes, 1 have no doubt, for the information of
the House. It is represented on all hands as
a fair and candid statement, and I may say that
it is stated to the committee that Colonel Tour-
telotte is not of the political opinions of the
controlling party in the country. We are will-
ing to accept his statement as a statement of
the truth concerning the election in Arkansas.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire if
there are not here fifty printed gages, deemed
of sufficient importance by the committee to
have them printed and laid before us, and if it
is possible for any gentleman to examine these
fifty printed pages so as to discuss this bill?
Ought not, then, the request of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] which is a rea-
sonable one, to be granted by this House or by
the gentleman having charge of this bill, to fix
an early day next week when this bill shall
come uj> for discussion. I certainly shall not
then insist that the gentlemen who have made
up their minds, who were referred to by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, shall discuss it;
but those who desire it ought certainly to have
an opportunity to read what the committee has
considered of sufficient importance to have
printed and laid before us, and no one can do
that to-day.
Mr. BOCJTWELL. In reply to that I have
to say that much of this document of fifty pages
is made up of official military orders relative
to the election, and can furnish 110 instruction
whatever to the House. They were printed,
as I said before, at the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] the com-
mittee bffing disposed to allow the printing of
whatever he thought was desirable. But the
substance of the whole matter is in the report
of Colonel Tourtelotte, who reviewed the trans-
actions in Arkansas after an examination made
by him under official orders and continued
through many days.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me inquire if the
committee have made any report in writing?
Mr. BOUTWELL. No, sir; we have not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I ask how the
House is to get information ? The gentleman
tells us that these fifty pages do not contain
any information of any importance, and he
tells us the committee have brought in no re-
port. And yet he has come to the conclusion
that the House will be sufficisntly informed
and sufficiently wise to act upon this great
question without any information whatever.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Well, the committee
supposed that the gentleman from Wisconsin
and his friends, who have been so anxious to
have these States represented during the last
three years, would consent to the bill at once.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman cannot
get off in that way by holding out that this is
the kind of representation that we desire.
Mr. BAKER, Mr. Speaker, I certainly have
no disposition to obtrude any obstruction in
the way of speedy action in the matter of ad-
mitting Arkansas and these other States to
representation. I wish, however, to say that
this action is important, and ought, therefore,
to be deliberative.
Now, some days ago the constitution of the
State of Arkansas was ordered to be printed.
I have applied to the Doorkeeper for a copy,
and I am informed that it is not yet printed.
I wish to see this constitution; I wish to read
it; I wish to know what I am doing before
voting upon so important a proposition. Now
that the business is brought formally before
the House, gentlemen may give their atten-
tion to the subject, may examine the constitu-
tion, and may be prepared to know what they
are doing.
This bill certainly involves or raises a very
grave constitutional question as to whether or
not this Congress, as a legislative.act, can im-
pose the fundamental condition provided for
in the bill. Now, for myself, I like the funda-
mental condition. 1 am very much attached
to the provision of liberty embodied in it; -but
with me it is a question of power in this Con-
gress under the Constitution of the U lited
States—a question of our power to impose
such a condition upon the State.
Now, what I say is that business of this sort
should not be taken up, in the absence ot' tin;
printed constitution of Arkansas, without due
consideration, and pressed to a vote. I really
think that the best, the most harmonious, anil
the proper course to be taken is to allow this
matter to go over until Monday. I do not wish
to be understood as committing myself by any-
thing I have now said to any final conclusion
which I may reach in reference to the pro-
priety of the bill proposed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
now say what I have to say.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a statement?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say that we of the
committee never had before us the communi- '
cation from the President of the United States
which was communicated to us on Friday last,
setting forth all the facts of the Arkansas elec-
tion and the report of the commissioners who
conducted the election. That document went
directly from this House to tiie Government
Printing Office, and the printed copies will be
sent to us to-night. We have never yet seen
it; we have seen only ihe communication from
General Grant. The printed copies -of the
constitution of Arkansas will be ready to-night
or to-morrow. Aud by Monday morning we
will be in possession of the faets communi-
cated by the President, being the reports of
the commissioners who held the election and
also the constitution itself.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. At the
time the committee selected the papers which
we deemed it necessary to have printed, we
selected all that the gentlemen deemed import-
ant, for the others were merely formal papers
and not necessary to be printed now. The
only papers deemed important are now printed
here, being the reports of the district com-
manders.
In regard to the constitution of Arkansas,
I think, when it comes to be examined, when
gentlemen have after a while picked out all its
flaws, that everybody will see that there is not
a single clause in that constitution to which
any one can object, unless it be some one who
is opposed to freedom.
Now, what 1 propose is to ask that we now
proceed with the consideration of this bill;
that gentlemen on the other side, if they choose
to go 011 and discuss this bill, may find all the
fault with it if they can. Then, if the House
can find anything in it which deserves a further
hearing, they can delay the bill if they choose
to do so. There are reasons, which I do not
think it proper and necessary to mention now,
why this bill should be considered, passed, and
sent to the Senate before next Monday.
1 now ask the previous question, as that is
the only way to get at this matter.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
will not press the previous question; I cer-
tainly cannot support it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to say that he proposed
to give a reasonable time to discuss this bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
do so.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the House will
not take any such precipitous action upon this
bill as is proposed.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Steyexs] will insist upon
the previous question. If there is any subject
which has been talked to death in this country
it is the subject of reconstruction. What is
wanted now is action. I think Congress and
