THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
from tlie celestial armor}', on which ho draws so
copiously, a little of tliat light artillery, with
which he blazes along his track, like a Novem-
ber midnight sky with all its flaming asteroids.
The Adjutant, 1 repeat, is there.
"Grim-visaged war hath smoothed his wrinkled
iront,
And now, instead of mounting barbed steeds
To fright the souls of feaiful. adversaries,
He capers ijimbly in a lady's chamber
To the lascivious pleasing of a lute."
But lo ! a hand i.s laid upon his shoulder,
which startles him in the midst of the festiv-
ities, like the summons to " Brunswick's fated i
chiel'iuiu'' at the ball in Brussels, on the!
night before the battle -in which he fell. It is
the messenger of tho Senate, who comes to warn
him that his enterprise is an unlawful one. On j
the following morning he is waited upou again
by another ollicer, with a warrant for his arrest
for threats which looked to a disturbance of
the peace. This double warning chills his
martial ardor. Visions of impending trouble
pass before his eyes. He sees, or thinks he
sees, the reiurn of civil strife, the floors of the
Department dabbled, perhaps, like those of the
royal palace at Holyrood, with red spots of
blood. But, above all, he feels that the hand of
the law-maker and of the law itself, which is
stronger than the sword, is on him, and he
puts up his weapon, and repairs, in peaceful
guise, to take possession of his conquest. I do
not propose, however, to describe the interview
which followed. That will bo the task of the
dramatist. Itwillbe sufficient for us to accom-
pany him back to the White House, where he
receives the order to " Go on and take posses-
sion,'' which he was so unhappily called back
to contradict, and which it was then well un-
derstood, of course, that ho could not obtain
except by force ; and he continues to be recog-
nized as Secretary of War, without a portfolio
or a cure, while he waits under the direction
of the President, not upon the law, but only to
see, like Micawber, what may turn up here,
and to be inducted and installed in proper
form, as soon as your previous decision shall
have been reversal, and his title affirmed, by
your votes in favor of an acquittal. The idea
of a suit, in which direction no single step was
ever taken, is now abandoned, if it was ever
seriously entertained.
The conversation, however, with General
Sherman, who was called as a witness by the
President himself, settles the fact conclusively,
if not already demonstrated by all the attendant
circumstances, that it was not his purpose at
any time to bringthe case into the courts for adju-
dication. He preferred the dexterous finesse,
or the strong hand, to a reference which every
sensible lawyer would have told him could be
attended with only one result, and that a judg-
ment in favor of the law.
But in this great strait, instead of a resort
to the Attorney General himself, his special
counsel Cox, employed only after the arrest of
Thomas, is called to prove that he advised
against the writ of quo warranto, because of
"the law's delay," and endeavored to seek a
remedy more summary through a habeas corpus,
in the event of the commitment of the Secre-
tary ad interim. Supposing it all true, how-
ever, the movement came too late to help his
employer's ease, by showing a desire to put the
issue in the way of a judicial decision upon the
law. Nor is it clear by any means that such a
process could have achieved the desired results.
With a warrant good upon its face, and charg-
ing a threatened disturbance of the peace, or an
offense against a statute of the United States, I
doubt whether any court .would venture to de-
clarethe warrantvoid, orto discharge upon such
a hearing, on thefooting of the unconstitutional-
ity of the law, which had received nearly three
fourths of the votes of both Houses, or, indeed,
of any law whatever ; while I do not see how
even a decision against it, could have had either
the effect of ousting Stanton or putting Thomas
in his place? It is enough, however, for the
present purpose tli at the prisoner was discharged
on the motion of his own attorney.
■ The counsel for the President admits that he
cannot in ordinary cases erect himself into a
judicial tribunal, and decide that a law is un-
constitutional, because the effect would be that
there could never be any judicial decision upon
it; but insists, as already stated, that where a
particular law has cut off a power confided to
him by the Constitution, he alone has the
power to raise the question for the courts, and
there is no objection to his doing it; and in-
stances the cases of a law to prevent the mak-
ing of a treaty, or to declare that he shall not
exercise the functions of Commander-in-Chief.
It has been already very fully answered that
there is no evidence here to show that there
was any honest purpose whatever to bring this
case into the courts, but that, on the contrary,
there is very conclusive testimony to prove
that he intended to keep it out of them. But
had he a right to hold this law a nullity until
it was affirmed by another tribunal, whether it
was constitutional or not? The Constitution
gives to him the power of passing upon the
acts of the two Houses, by returning a bill
with his objections thereto, but if it is after-
wards enacted by two thirds of both it is pro-
vided that " it shall become a law." What is
a law ? It is a rule of civil conduct proscribed
by the supreme power of a State. Is there j
any higher power than the Legislature ? Is it
essential to the operation of a law that it
should have the approval of the judiciary, as
well as of the President? It is as obligatory
on the President as upon the humblest citizen.
Nay, it is, if possible, more so. He is its
minister. The Constitution requires that he
shall take care that it be faithfully executed.
It is for others to controvert it, if aggrieved,
in a legal way, hut not for him. If they do,
however, it is at their peril, as it would bo
at his, even in the cases put, where it is asked,
with great emphasis, whether he would be
bound to obey? Those cases are extreme ones.
But if hard cases are said to make bad pre-
cedents, it may he equally remarked that ex-
treme cases make bad illustrations. They are,
moreover, of express powers, as this is not.
But it will be time enough to answer them when
they arise. It is not a supposable contingently,
that two thirds of both Houses of Congress will
flatly violate their oaths in a clear case. Thus
far in their history, they have passed no law, 1
believe, that has been adjudged invalid. When-
ever they shall be prepared to do what is now
supposed, constitutions will bo useless, faith
will have perished among men, and_ limited
representative government become impossi-
ble. When it comes to this, we shall have rev-
olution, with bloody conflicts in our streets,
with a Congress legislating behind bayonets,
and that anarchy prevailing everywhere, which
is already foreshadowed by the aspect of a
Department of this great Government beleag-
uered by the minions of despotism, with its
head a prisoner, and armed sentinels pacing
before its doors. Who shall say that the Pres-
ident shall be permitted to disobey even a
doubtful law, in the assertion of a power that
is only implied? If he may, why not also set
aside the obnoxious section of the appropria-
tion bill, upon which he has endeavored unsuc-
cessfully to debauch the officers of the Army
by teaching them insubordination to the law?
Why not openly disregard your reconstruction
acts, as he will assuredly do, if you shall teach
him by your verdict here that he can do it with
impunity? Thelegal rule is that the presumption
is in every case in favor of the law, and that is a
violent one, where none has ever been reversed.
The President claims that this presumption
shall not stand as against him. If it may not
here, it cannot elsewhere. To allow this revo-
lutionary pretension, is to dethrone the law
and substitute his will. To say that he may hold
his office, and disregard the law, is to proclaim
either anarchy or despotism. It is but a short
step from one extreme to the other. To be
without law, and to leave the law dependent on
a single will, are in effect but one and the same
thing. The man who can declare what is law,
and what is not, is already the absolute master
of the State.
But who is to try this case ? The President
insists that it belongs to the jurisdiction of the
Supreme Court, where, as he untruly says,
he endeavored to carry it. So it would, if the
question involved were one of merely private
right. But in his eccentric efforts to get into
one court, by turning his back upon it, he has
stumbled very unexpectedly into another. It
is not the one he sought, but it is the one the
Constitution has provided for just such delin-
quencies as his, and he cannot decline its cog-
nizance. I beg pardon. He did send you
word, through the special counsel whom he
sends here with his personal protest, that he
might have declined it, on the opinion still en-
tertained by both of them, that this is no Con-
gress, and you are no court of competent juris-
diction to bring before you and try a President
of the United States, by the logic of which
argument he proves equally, of course, that he
is no President. To avoid a bloody conflict,
however, although he has been tendered the
necessary aid in men, and inasmuch, I sup-
pose, as you have been so indulgent as not to
put him to the humiliation of appearing in
person at your bar, he waives his sufficient
plea to the jurisdiction, and condescends, only
out of the abundance of his grace, and in a
spirit of forbearance, for which he claims due
credit at your hands, to make answer before a
tribunal which he might rightfully have defied.
But he is here now by attorney, in what his
other counsel have taken great pains to prove
to you to be a court indeed, although !hey
insist, not very consistently, in almost the same
breath, that it has only the functions of a jury.
I shall not dispute that question with them. I
am willing to agree that the Senate, pro hac
vice, is n court, and that, too, of exclusive juris-
diction over the subject-matter in dispute, from
which it follows by a necessary logic, as i think,
that it is fully competent to try and decide the
whole case for itself, taking such advice as it
thinks proper as to the law, and then rejecting
it if it is not satisfactory. Ifit cannot do this, it is
but the shadow and mockeryofwhatthedefend-
ant's counsel claim it to be in force and fact.
But by what name soever it may be called, it
will solve for the President the problem which
he has desired to carry into another tribunal,
without waiting fcr any extraneous opinion. It
has already determined upon the constitution-
ality of the tenure-of-o(Iice law, by enacting it
over his objections, as it has already passed
upon its meaning, by its condemnation of the
act for which he is now to answer at its bar.
It will say, too, if I mistake not, that whether
constitutional or not, it will allow no executive
officer, and much less the Chief Magistrate of
the nation, to assume that it is not so, and set
up his own opinion in its place, until its pre-
vious and well-considered judgment upon the
same opinion has been judicially affirmed.
But does it make any difference whether Mr.
Stanton's case is within the tenure-of-ofliceact
or not. Had the Executive the power at any
time, either during the session or the recess, to
create a vacancy to be filled up by an appoint-
ment ad interim, to continue during his own
pleasure; or if he had, could he prolong _ a
vacancy so created beyond the period of six
months?
The Constitution provides—and it required
such a provision, in view of the general clause
which associates the Senate with the President,
and makes their advice and consent necessary in
all cases of appointment, to authorize it—that
he shall have power to fill up all vacancies
happening during the recess, by temporary
commissions to expire at the end of the next ses-
sion ; and by a necessary implication of course
he cannot do it in the same way, or without
their advice and consent while the Senate is at
hand to afford it. The word happen, as used
here, imports accident or casualty isnly, accord-
ing to the best authorities. If this is the cor-
rect interpretation he cannot, of course, create
i] a vacancy for that purpose during the recess,
i| under the Constitution, although he may claim
ji to do so under the law establishing the De-
li partmpnt. which places the power of removal
