334
SUPPLEMENT TO
in his hands. If he does, however, the case
then falls within the constitutional provision,
and the vacancy thus created must be filled
by a commission to expire at the end of the
next session.
He did create a vacancy in this case by the
suspension during the recess, which he pro-
ceeded to supply by the appointment of Gen-
eral Grant as Secretary of War ad interim, at
his pleasure. And this he now defends, not
under the provisions of the tenure-of-office
law, which would have authorized it, but which
he expressly repudiates, but upon the footing,
111 the first place, of his constitutional power.
Nothing is clearer, however, than the prop-
osition, that there was no authority to do this
thing except what is to bo found in the act
which he repudiates. There are no laws and
no precedents, so far as I am advised, to itis-
tify or excuse it. If he may suspend indefi-
nitely, and appoint at pleasure a Secretary
ad interim, he may not only change the terms
of the commission, but strip the Senate of all
participation in the appointing power.
But then ho says, again, that ho did this
under the authority, also, of the act of loth
February, 1795, for filling temporary vacan-
cies. The tenor of that act is, that in a caso
of vaeancyi.t shall bo lawful for the President,
if he deem it neccssary, to authorize any per-
son or persons to perform the duties until a
successor is appointed or such vacancy is filled;
with the proviso, however, that no one va-
cancy shall be supplied in that manner for a
longer term than six months; which proves,
of course, that the exigency provided for was
only to be a temporary one.
We maintain that this net lias been repealed
by the more recent one of 13th February, 18(5:5,
which confines the choice of the President to
the heads of the other Departments. It is in-
sisted, however, that while the former covers
all cases of vacancy, the latter is confined to
some particular instances, not including those
of removal, or such as may bp brought about
by efflux of time, and does not, therefore, op-
erate as a repeal to that extent. Granting
(his, for the sake of the argument, to be true,
how is it to apply to a vacancy occnring dur-
ing the recess, without a repeal of the consti-
tutional provision which is intended expressly
for just .such eases ? Was it intended to
supersede it, and is it to be so interpreted?
This will hardly be pretended, if it, were even
clear that the Legislature had such a power.
The intent and meaning of the act arc so trans-
parent from the context, from the words of
tenure, and from the six months' limitation,
that it is impossible to mistake them, or even
to doubt, that it was designed for merely acci-
dental and transient eases, that were left un-
provided for in the Constitution. The Presi-
dent's claim would perpetuate the vacancy by
enabling him to refuse to fill it, or to nominate
a successor.
If it be even true, however, that he might
have appointed General Grant during the re-
cess, under the law of 1795, it is equally clear
that he could not continue him in office, or pro-
tract the vacancy beyond six months; and yet
he insists, in his special plea in answer to the
averment of the absence of the condition of
vacancy ou the 21st of February, when he ap-
pointed General Thomas—which was more than
six months after the appointment of General
Grant—that there was a continuing vacancy at
that time; intending, of course, that the act of
the Senate in refusing to approve his suspen-
sion, and his resumption of the duties of the
office, were to be treated as of no account what-
ever. From the premises of the President,
that the civil-tenure act was invalid on consti-
tutional grounds, and did not, at all events,
embrace that ease, his inference of a continu-
ing vacancy is undeniable, and his appoint-
ment of General Thomas, therefore, entirely
unauthorized by the act on which he relies.
But 111 ore is mure in this aspect of the case
than the more failure of the authority. Taking
it that, although he might possibly remove
during the recess, he could not suspend and
appoint a Secretary ad interim, except by vir-
tue of the tenure-of-office law, and that it may
be well pleaded in his defense, even though he
may have insisted that he did not refer to, or
follow, or recognize it, I think it cannot be a
question among lawyers, that all the acts of a
public officer are to be conclusively presumed
to have been done under the law which- au-
thorized them. But then it will be said, as it
has been in regard to the proof of changes made
in the forms of commissions to make them har-
monize with the now disputed law, and of other
evidence of a kindred character, that this is
only to set up the doctrine of estoppel, which,
though not unreasonable, has been so often
characterized as odious in the civil courts,
against a defendant in a criminal proceeding.
I am ready to admit that estoppels are odious,
because they exclude the truth, but have never
supposed that they wereso, when their effect was
only to shut out falsehood. It was not for this
purpose, however, in my viewatlcast, that such
evidence was offered ; but only to contradict the
President's assertions by his acts, and to show
that when he pleads through his counsel, that
if the law was valid he honestly believed the
contrary, and that if it embraced the case of
Mr. Stanton he innocently mistook its mean-
ing, and did not intend willfully to misconstrue
it, he stated what was not true.
And now, a few words only upon the gen-
eral question of intent itself, which has been
made to figure so largely in this cause, under
the shadow of the multiplied averments in re-
gard to it. I do not look upon those aver-
ments as at all material; and if not material,
they are, as every lawyer knows, but mere sur-
plusage which never vitiates, and it is never
necessary In prove. I do not. speak as a crim-
inal lawyer, but then; is no professional man, I
think, who reads these charges, that will not
detect in them something more, perhaps by
way of abundant caution, than even the tech-
nical nicety of the criminal pleader. I do
not know that even in the criminal courts,
where an act is charged in clear violation
of a law forbidding it, and especially if it in-
volve the case of a public officer, that it is
any more necessary to allege that he violated
the law, with the intent to violate it, than to
aver that lie was notignorant of' the law, which
every man is bound to know. The law pre-
sumes the intent from the act. itself, which is a
necessaiy inference, if the law is to be observed
audits iufiactionpunished ; and the party com-
mitting it, is responsible for all the consequences,
whether he intended them or not. It makes no
difference about the motive, for wherever a
statute forbids the doing of a thing, the doing
it willfully, although without any corrupt mo-
tive, is indictable. (,- Dwarris, 077; I Term
Hep., *157.) So when the President is sol-
emnly arraigned to answer here to the charge
that. he. lias infringed the Constitution, or dis-
obeyed the commands or violated any of the pro-
visions of the tenure of office or any other law,
he cannot, plead either that he did it ignorantly
or by mistake, because ignorance of the law
excuses nobody, or that he did it only from the
best of motives, and for the purpose of bringing
the question of its efficacy, or his obligation to
conform to it, to a legal test, even though he
. could prove the fact, as he has most, signally
j failed to do in the case before you. The mo-
I fives of men, which are hidden away in their
| own breasts, eaiiuotgenerally be scrutinized, or
i taken into the account, where then; is a viola-
! tion of the law. An old Spanish proveib says,
I that theie in a place—not to be named to cans
' polite—which is "paved with good intentions.''
I If they, or even bad advice can be pleaded here-
i after, in excuse for either neglect or violation of
: duty here, it will be something comfortable to
I die upon at least, and few tyrants will ever
. suffer for their crimes. If Andrew Johnson
| could plead, as he has actually done, in apol-
| ogy for his own dispensation with the test-
! oath law, or .any other feature of his law-defy-
; ing policy, that lus only aim was to conciliate
j the rebels and facilitate the work of restora-
I tion, his great exemplar, whom he has so closply
copied—the ill-advised and headstrong James
II—might equally have pleaded that ho did the
very same thing in the interests of universal tol-
erance. The English monarch torfeited his
throne and disinherited his heirs upon that east.
It remains to be seen whether our king is to run
out the parallel.
I beg to say, however, in this connection,
that I do not by any means admit, that a case
like this is to be tried or judged by the rigid
rules and narrow interpretations of the criminal
courts. There is no question here of the life or
liberty or property of the delinquent; it is a ques-
tion only ofolScialdelinquency, involving, how-
ever, the life of a great State, and with it the
liberties of a great, people. If the defendant is
convicted, he forfeits only his official place, and
is, perhaps, disqualified from taking upon him-
self any other, which will be no very severe
infliction, I suppose, unless the rebels them-
selves should be so fortunate as to come onee
more into the possession of the Government,
and so weak as to trust a man who had been
untrue to those who had honored him so gen-
erously before. The accusers here are iorty
millions of freemen, the accused but one, who
claims to be their master ; the issue, whether
lie shall be allowed to defy their will, under
the pretext that he can govern them more
wisely than tlieir Congress, and to take the
sword, and, in effect, the purse of the nation
into his own hands.
On such an issue, and before such a tribu-
nal, I should not have hesitated to stand upon
the plain, unvarnished, untcehnical narration
of the facts, leaving the question as to their
j effect upon the interests of the nation, and their
| bearing upon the fitness of Andrew Johnson
fo hold the helm of this great State, to be de-
cided by statesmen, instead of turning it over
cither to the quibbles of the lawyer, or the
subtleties of the casuist. I have no patience
for the disquisitions of the special pleader in
a case like this. I take a broader view, one
that, 1 think, is fully sustained by the authori-
ties, and that is, that in cases such as this, the
safety of the people, which is the supreme law,
is the true rule, and the only rule that ought
j to govern. I do not propose to reargue that
I question now, because it seems to me some-
! thing very like a self-evident proposition. If
| Andrew Johnson, in the performance of the
i duties of his high office, has so demeaned him-
self as to show that he is no respecter of the
I laws; that he defies the will of those who make
I them, and has encouraged disobedience to their
I behests ; that he has fostered disaffection and
j discontent throughout the lately revolted States;
i that he is a standing obstacle to the restoration
| of (he peace and tranquillity of this nation;
! that he claims and asserts the power of a dic-
tator, by holding one of your great, departments
in abeyance, and arrogating to himself the ab-
solute and uncontrollable right to remove, or
suspend at his mere will, every executive officer
of the Government, ou the land and on the seas,
and to supply their places without your agency,
if, for any or all of these reasons, the Republic
is no longer safe in his hands ; then before
| heaven and earth, as the conservators of the
< nation's weal, as the trusted guardians of its
most invaluable rights, as the depositaries of
i the most sacred and exalted trust that lias ever
! been placed in the hands of man, it becomes
, your high and solemn and imperious duty, to
see that the Republic shall take no detriment,
and to speak peace to a disturbed and suffering
laud, by removing him from the trust he has
abused, and the oflicc that he has disgraced.
[ Theie are other points in this case on which
. I would have desired to comment if time and
1 strength had been allowed to me for that pur-
pose. It is only within the last few days that
1 have entertained the hope that the Senate
would so far relax its rule as to enable me to
i obtain what, under the circumstances, is at best
but an imperfect, hearing, and 1 have felt it
1 necessary, therefore, to confine myself to the
! leading argumeuts connected with the removal
j of the Secretary of War. 1 wish it to be under-
! stood, however, that I do not underrate the
