1368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE^
February 22,
that this was one of many persistent assaults
made by Congress upon a coordinate branch
of the Government. So far is this from being
true that Congress has borne everything from
the President of the United States. Need I
turn the attention of gentlemen back tothe22d
of February, two years ago, and call their
attention to what was then said by President
Johnson? Need I remind them of what hap-
pened upon that long tour, which was famil-
iarly called " swinging-round the circle," dur-
ing which'the mouth of the President was
constantly vomiting forth the foulest abuse
against the Representatives of the people of
the United States. "An assault upon a coor-
dinate branch !" Why, sir, I have heard that
phrase here- so often that I begin to ask myself
what it means. The Executive a coordinate
branch of the Government! Does it mean that
he is the equal of the Congress and has a
right to defy it?
Do gentlemen mean to tell us that he is
entirely independent of the legislativfe will—
that the representatives of the people have no
power over him? Do they mean to say that
we are to sit like dumb dogs whenever lie
undertakes to overthrow the laws? Why, sir,
the sovereignty of this country for the time
being is in the Congress of the United States
and nowhere else. It has been rested here
expressly by the Constitution of the United
States. It can rest here securely, and it could
rest securely nowhere else. The President of
the United States is the servant of the people
of the United States; and because he is the
servant of the people of the United States he
is the servant of the Congress of the United
States for the time being, which represents
the people, and he must obey the law. And,
in order that there should be 110 mistake about
this result, following, the power to impeach hiin
has been given to the Representatives of the
people, and the power to try and remove him
has been given to the Senate of the United
States.
Now, sir, I shall not undertake here, in the
brief time allotted to me, to discuss at any
length the questions of law which may be sup-
posed to be involved ; for I submit to the
House that there is no question of lawinvolved
at all. The President has openly and clearly
violated the law. He has thrown down the
gauntlet to the Congress, and says to us as
plainly as words can speak it: "Try this issue
now betwixt me and you; either you go to
the wall or I do." And there is nothing left to
Congress but, to take it up. Can there be any
difference of opinion as to this ? Most assur-
edly I can see none.
Where do gentlemen rest the authority of
the President to make this removal of the Sec-
retary of War in the face of the Senate while
that body is in session—not only in the face
of the Senate, sir, while in session, but, to make
the removal over and against the express inter-
diet of the Senate of the United States ? The
President, when he suspended Mr. Stanton
under the tenure-of-o(iice act and submitted the
reasons for that suspension to the Senate ot the
United States, took his own ground; and, I
submit, he must stand upon it. it is too late for
him to say he appeals to the Constitution of the
United States. It is too late, for lie has sub-
mitted this whole question—lie has^ given his
reasons to the Senate ot the United States, and
the Senate have passed upon it, declaring his
reasons insufficient and restoring the Secretary
of War. What then? He has fuieclosed the
question, and he cannot be allowed to come in
now and say the act is unconstitutional and he
overrules it. I say he has chosen his ground
and he must stand there ; and. even if wo were
to go to that extent, it is not tor him to decide
whether the law is constitutional or unconsti-
tutional.
Sir, he has no greater authority in this re-
gard than the meatiest lieutenant in the Army
of the United States or any officer of the Gov-
ernment in the land. If any one of them may
decide our laws to be unconstitutional and vio-
late them, then, sir, there is an end to all Gov-
ernment, and an end to it at once. I his can-
not be allowed, cannot be admitted, liven
gentlemen on the other side who undertake
to justify the action of the President have been
unable to take this ground ; and I do not
wonder at all they fail to do it. '1 he palpable
absurdity of it is too great for them.
Then upon what ground'is it to be placed?
Where is the authority? We have been re-
ferred to certain statutes, but they do not
authorize it. We have been referred to the
Constitution. Under what clause of the Con-
stitution is it to be found? Most assuredly the
Constitution authorizes only the power of
appointment by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. If it were a new question
I would say most unquestionably it precludes
entirely the power of removal except by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate.
It is an absurdity,'and always was, to say
the President cannot appoint but by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, and yet
can remove in defiance of the Senate. Butthat
question has been settled by the law of 1867.
It has placed it upon the ground where the
Constitution placed it before. It reverses pre-
vious acts of the Government by which it was
held there was the power of removal included
within the power of appointment, and that the
latter power was not subject to the control of
the Senate; but I do not think that even under
this interpretation it has overseen exercised or
claimed to be exercised when the Senate was
in session. So far 1 have heard no case cited,
so far I have heard no argument made, that
while the Senate was in session the power of
removal remains in the President alone. Gen-
tlemen will not attempt to sustain such a doc-
trine.
It is immaterial, therefore, what construc-
tion may be given to the different statutes re-
ferred to, for the power exists nowhere, in the
opinions of any men, on the part of the Presi-
dent, to remove in the presence of the Senate
and against its prohibition. The Secretary of
War in this case is occupying his office in ac-
cordance with the law. The President, against
the law, attempts to thrust him out. Has he
done this maliciously and knowingly? When
we come to examine this question we must
look back to what occurred before this event.
We find from the beginning the President has
been unwilling to yield when fairly beaten by
the Representatives of the people. He has
been determined to maintain himself in oppo-
sition to them. Let me refer to n, document
from General Grant which contains good ad-
vice to the President. It was given as long
ago as in August last, in the celebrated private
letter:
* " In conclusion, allow mo to say, as a friend desir-
ing peace and quiet, theweltare ofthu wholccountry,
Konhand youth, that it is, in my opinion, more than
the loyal people of the country—I mean those who
supported the Government during the ureal, rebellion
—will auietlv submit to: to see the veiy man of all
others who they have expressed confidence in re-
moved. X would not havo taken the liberty ot ad-
dressing the Kxeeutiveof the United States thusbut
for the conversation on the subject alluded to in this
letter, and from a sense of duty, and from feeling
that X am right in this matter."
I think this was good advice at the time, and
it would have been well if the President had
heeded it. We have all been desirous of peace.
When thisqucbtion of impeachment has arisen
heretofore we were told constantly that we must
preserve the peace of the country, and many
were disposed to submit to much^for the sake
of the preservation of peace. Now, then, in
the name of that same demand for peace which
we have heard heretofore, I call upon the Rep-
resentatives of the people of the United States
to remove this man from the place which he
occupies, whereby he disturbs the public quiet
and renders peace impossible. We are com-
pelled to this, iudeSd. It is a sad day for the
country. We have fallen into the hands of a
man occupying this high position, which en-
ables him to be the disturber instead of the
preserver of the public peace. We have had
war enough, we have had strife enough. It
goes on in the ten unreconstructed States to-
day. I have seen this morning a letter from
Alabama which says that the rebels, expecting
to defeat the constitution there, ar? becoming
again "as murderous as devils," and begs that
something may be done for the protection of
Union men. Such is the appeal that comes
to us from all parts of the southern country.
It is owing to the conduct of the President that
this contest still goes on. I shall vote for the
pending resolution and invoke the judgment
of the high court of impeachment upon this
presidential malefactor. _
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, m view of the
caution that was administered to us the other
day by the gentleman from New York, L-Mr.
Brooks,] I trust that, though the whole Dem-
ocratic party or any other party in the country
should clamor at this door to-day, threatening
vengeance to every man who supports this
measure, there is not a man in this House who
will not vote to-day on this great question
without regard to any such threat.
Mr. Speaker, I had hopedwith others a short
time since, when the vote was taken on the
qu'estion of impeachment, that that would be
the last necessity that would arise for meeting
that question. But, sir, I am convinced now
that we have but one course left, and that is to
remove this great disturber of the public peace.
Then, indeed, we shall have peace, and not
before. Has it come to this, that one man in
the United States can set at defiance the will
of the people and destroy the peace and hap-
piness of the country ? I trust not.
Yes, Mr. Speaker, I had hoped that the
President would offer no further opposition to
the laws of Congress; that he would cease his
efforts to embarrass the faithful execution of
the will of the people expressed through their
Representatives; but in this hope I have been
sadly disappointed. When the gentleman from
New York" referred to told us the other day
what the Democratic party would do if we
carried our intentions into effect and impeached
the President I wanted to tell him then, and
I do tell him now, that if every member of tha
great Democratic party and those of every other
party in the land were here to-day, knocking
at these doors and seeking vengeance against
those who dare to vote for impeachment and
for maintaining the majesty of the laws, I do
not believe one man upon this floor would be
deterred from voting according to his convic-
tions by such threats and efforts to intimidate.
1 know, and can assure the gentleman, that at
least there is one who would not bp.
Mr. Speaker, I have asked the question
whether there is one man in this country who
dares set at defiance the will of the people, the
Congress of the United States, and the laws
of the land made in pursuance of the Constitu-
tion thereof? If it has come to this is it not
time that we decide, and decide quickly, whether
this country is to be ruled by the wili of a dic-
tator above the law or by the people, through
their Representatives, under the law? Yes, sir,
it is time the question was settled, and I, for
one, am ready to settle it to-day by declaring
by my vote that Andrew Johnson be'impeached
of high crimes and misdemeanors; and to the
end that we may have peace in the land I trust,
that he may speedily be removed from office.
Mr. Speaker, it is of 110 use to argue tiie
question. We have before us the law, and
upon the Speaker's desk the President's ad-
mission that he has violated the law. The
crowded condition of these galleries shows that
the people understand the question ; and everv
intelligent man and woman in my district and
throughout the land who have had the simple
proposition flashed to them over the wires
understand what we are doing, and expect us
to do our duty, and that duty, sir, 1 expect,
wiil be performed without regard to anv conse-
quences that may follow.®
_ Mr. Speaker, as I have been permitted by
the courtesy of the House to print the few con-
cluding remarks, I will not encroach further
