1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2393
assume will be considered as valid and binding,
that it ought to be rejected, even if a majority
of the votes permitted to be cast were cast in
favor of its ratification ; and second, because I
am entirely satisfied that at the pretended elec-
tion held as it was in a manner and under cir-
cumstances that ought to condemn and annul
it, a majority of the votes cast were, in fact,
cast against its ratification. I will state briefly
the facts and reasons on which I rely in sup-
port of these propositions. I must, of course,
confine myself to a few of the more prominent
and glaringly outrageous provisions of the in-
strument itself, which seems to have been
prepared specially to harass and oppress the
native white population of the State. The
convention doubtless considering that the more
oppressive and vindictive they made it the
more likely it would be to be acceptable here.
No other State in the South has, so far, pre-
sented a constitution at all approaching this
in its wholesale exclusion of white men from
the right, of suffrage, and none of them have
had the audacity, the shameless audacity, to
admit, as this does on the face of the paper itself,
that all those exclusions and all this political
ostracism is simply to force the white men of
Arkansas to unite themselves with the Radical
party, put its satellites inpower and place, and
like whipped spaniels on their bended knees
lick the hand that scourged them. Let me here
read article eight; title, Franchise :
article viii.
Franchise.
Section 1. In all elections by the people the elect-
ors shall vote by ballot.
Sec. 2. Every male person born in the United
States, and every male person who has been natural-
ized or has legally declared his intention to become
a citizen of tho United States, who is twenty-one
years old or upward, and who shall have resided in
the State six months next preceding the election, and
who at the time is an actual resident of the county in
which ho offers to vote, except as hereinafter pro-
vided, shall bo deemed an elector: Provided, No
soldier or sailor or marina in the military or naval
service of the United States shall acquire a resi-
dence by reason of being stationed on duty in this
State.
Sec. 3. The following1 classes shall not be permitted
to register or hold office, namely, first, those who
during the rebellion took the oath of allegiance or
gave bonds for loyalty and good behavior to the Uni-
ted States Government, and after ward gave aid,
comfort, or countenance to those engaged in armed
hostility to the Government of the United States,
either by becoming a soldier in the rebel array, or
by entering the lines of said army, or adhering in any
way to the cause of rebellion, or by accompanying
any armed force belonging to the rebel army, or
by furnibhiug supplies of any kind to the same.
Second. Those who are disqualified as electors or
from holding office in the State or States from which
they came. Third. Those persons who during the
late rebellion violated the rules of civilized warfare.
Fourth. Those who may be disqualified by the pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution of the United
States known as article fourteen, and those who
have been disqualified from registering to vote for
delegates to tho convention to frame a constitution
lor the State ot Arkansas, under the act of Congress
entitled "An act to provide for the moie efficient j
government of the rebel States," passed March 2,
18(57, and the acts supplemental thereto. Fifth. Those
who shall have been convicted of treason, embezzle-
ment of public funds, malfeasance in office, crimes
punishable by law with imprisonment in the peni-
tentiary, or bribery. Sixth. Those who are idiots or
insane: Provided, That all persons included in the
first, second, third, and fourth subdivisions of this
section, who have openly advocated or who have
voted for the reconstruction proposed by Congress,
and accept the equality of all men before the law,
shall bo deemed qualified electors under this consti-
tution.
Sec. 4. The General Assembly shall have the power,
by a two-thirds vote of each House, approved by the
Governor, to remove the disabilities included in the
first, second, third, and fourth subdivisions of section
throe of this article, when it appears that such per-
son applying for relief from such disabilities has in
good faith returned to his allegiance to the Govern-
ment of tho United States: Provided, The General
Assembly shall have no power to remove the disa-
bilities of any person embraced in the aforesaid sub-
divisions who, after the adoption of this constitution
by tho convention, persists in opposing the acts of
Congress and reconstruction thereunder.
Src. 5. All persons before registering or voting
must take and subscribe the following oath: "I, 
 , do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support
and maintain the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States and the constitution and laws of the State
of Arkansas; that I am not excluded from register-
ing or voting by any of the clauses in the first, sec-
ond, third, or fourth subdivisions of Article VIII of
the constitution of the State of Arkansas: that I will
never countenance or aid in tho secession of this
State from the United States: that I accept the civil
and political equality of all men, and a?rce not to
attempt to deprive any person or persons, on account
of race, color, or previous condition, of any political
or civil right, privilege, or immunity enjoyed by any
other class of men; and, furthermore, that I will notin
any way inj ure, or countenance in others any attempt
to injure, any person or persons on account of past
or present support of the Government of the United
States, thelaws of the United States, ortheprinciple
of the political and civil equality of all men, or for
affiliation with any political party: Provided, That
if any person shall knowingly and falsely take any
oath in this constitution prescribed, such person so
offending, and being_ thereof duly convicted, shall
be subject to the pains, penalties, and disabilities
which bylaw are provided for the punishment of tho
crime of willful and corrupt perjury.
Skc. 6. Electors shall in all cases, except treason,
felony, or breach of the peace, be privileged from
arrest and civil process during their attendance at
elections and in going to and returning from the
same.
Sec. 7. It shall be tho duty of the General Assem-
bly to enact adequate laws giving protection against
the evils arising from the use of intoxicating liquors
at elections.
These provisions, excluding from registration
and suffrage all men who were disqualified in the
State from which they came, were used to ex-
clude men who had moved from Tennessee and
Missouri, although they had become citizens
of the State of Arkansas. They were not al-
lowed to register or vote, although they pos-
sessed all the qualifications required by the re-
construction laws, as the aflidavits on tile show.
Again, it makes it a fundamental principle
that every man who will stand by the recon-
struction acts and vote with the party in favor
of ratifying this constitution and electing its
supporters shall have the right to vote; but
those who do not do it shall be forever dis-
qualified, and shall never be forgiven by any
act of the Legislature. It is only when they
shall have united themselves with that party
that they should have any rights and privileges
in the State. A more disgraceful provision
could not well be imagined.
Again, it requires, no matter what may be
the condition of things hereafter, that the ex-
periment of negro'suffrage shall be forever
fastened upon the people, with no power, even
if they change their minds on that subject, to
do away with it. I have heretofore expressed
my opinion of this provision in the Alabama
case. No man with proper self-respect can
either swear or agree to such a provision. The
reconstruction acts themselves permitted every
man to register and vote who was not ex-
cluded from office by the third section of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution, and
yet the exclusion under this constitution goes
far beyond, and disfranchises thousands of men
who had all the qualification of electors under
the reconstruction acts. The only exclusion
therein contained being in the proviso to the
fifth section, as follows:
"That no person excluded from the privilege of
holding office by said proposed amendment to the
Constitution of the United States shall be eligible to
election as a member of the convention to frame a
constitution for any of said rebel Stares, nor .shall
any buch person vote for members of such conven-
tion.
"Sec. <). And be it further ennct^I, That until tho
people of said lebel Stales shall bo by law admitted
to representation in the Congress ot the United
States any civil governments which m.iy exi?t therein
shall he deemed provisional only, and in a 11 respects
subject to the paramount authority of the United
States at any time to abolish, modify, control, or
supersede tho same; and in all elections to any offieo
under such provisional governments all personsshall
be entitled to vote, and none others, who are enti-
tled. to vote under the provisions of the fifth section
of this act; and no person shall bo eligible to ony
office under any such provisional governments who
would be disqualified from holding office under the
provisions of the third article of said constitutional
amendment."
The third article of the constitutional amend-
ment is as follows:
"Skc. 3. No person shall he a Senator or Repre-
sentative in Congress, or elector of President and
Vice President, or hold any office, civil or military,
under the United States or under any State who,
having previously taken an oath as a member of
Congress or as an officer of the United States, or as
a member of any State Legislatuie, or as an execu-
tive or judicial officer of any State, to support the
Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged
in insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given
aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress
may, by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove
such disability.''*
General Gillem issued his order on the 14th
of February, 18G8, declaring how the election
should be held and conducted, and how tha
registration should be corrected. It is as fol-
lows:
[General Orders TTo. 7 J
Headquarters Fourth Military District,
TT (Mississippi and Arkansas.)
vicksburg, Mississippi, February 14,1868,
I. The Arkansas constitutional convention, con-
vened at Little Rock, Arkansas, pursuant to General
Orders No. 37, series of 1867, from these headquar-
ters, having framed a constitution and civil govern-
ment in compliance with the laws of the United
States known as the " reconstruction acts," and hav-
ing provided for the submitting of said constitution
to the registered voters at an election to be ordered
by the general commanding the district, said elec-
tion is, by authority of the above-stated laws, and in
accordance with the provisions of the constitution,
hereby ordered to be held in Arkansas, beginning
the 13th day of March, 1868, and continuing until
completed; at which election the registered voters
may vote foror against the ratification of the consti-
tution herein mentioned.
II. Commencing fourteen days before the election,
boards of registrars will, at the county seat or mosfc
accessible place, after having given reasonable pub-
lic notice of tho time and place thereof, revise, for a
I period of five days, the registration lists, and, upon
i being satisfied that any person not entitled thereto
has been registered, will strike the name of such per-
son from the list, and such person shall not be allowed
to vote. The board will also, during the same period,
add to theregistry the namesofall persons whoatthafc
time possess the qualifications required by law and
who have not been already registered. All changes
made in the lists of registered voters will be imme-
diately reported to these headquarters.
III. In order to secure as neaily as possible a full
expression of the voice of the people, the election
will be held at each precinct of every county of the
State of Arkansas, and, as required bylaw, under the
supervision of the county boardsof registration. The
method of conducting the election in each county
will be as follows: At the meeting provided in tho
foregoing paragiaph each board of registrars will
divide the whole number of election precincts of their
respective counties into three portions, as nearly
equal in number as possible, and assign one of the
shares thus made to each registrar, who will be re-
sponsible for the proper conduct of the election
therein. Thereupon each registrar will appoint a
judge arid cleik of election, who, with himself, will
constitute the "commissionersof election'' for all the
precincts of his district. Each registrar will provide
himself with a ballot-box, with lock and key, and of
suiheient size to contain the votes of all the registered
voters in the largest precinct. Each registrar will
give full and timely notice throughout his district of
the day of election in each precinct, so that he, with
his judge and clerk, can proceed from precinctto pre-
cinct of his district, and hold election on consecutive
days, when the distance between precincts will per-
mit, with a view to the early completion of the voting.
The election will be hy ballot, and will be conducted
in all details, not herein prescribed, according to the
customs heretofore in use in the respective States.
Each ballot will have written or printed upon it,
"For Constitution," or "Against Constitution,"
Each voter in offering his ballot mustexhibithiscer-
tifteate of registry, act oss the face of which the clerk
of election will write his name in red ink, to indicate
that a vote has been cast upon that certificate, at the
same time the registrar will check off the voter's
name on the precinct book serving as the poll-book.
The polls will be opened by nine o'clock a. m. at each
precinct, and will be kept continuously open until
sunset, at which time the polls will be closed, the
ballot-box opened, votes counted by the commission-
ers, and a written return thereof, under oath of the
commissioners, immediately made to these head-
quarters in duplicate. The votes e.i&t will then bo
securely inclosed and forwarded by mad to the acting
assistant adjutant general at these headquarters,
with a letter of transmittal setting forth the number
of votes cast for and the number against a, constitu-
tion, which letter will be witnessed by the deputy
sheriff present in accordance with the requirements
of paragraph five of this oider.
TV. Judges and clerks of election will he ^elected
by registrars preferably from amonvthe residents of
their respective districts; but if they cannot be ob-
tained therein, competent and qualified under tho
law, then from among the residents ot' tho county;
and if not attainable in the county, then the Stateat
laige; they are requited to take and subscribe to the
oath of office prescribed by the act of Congress of
July 2,18G2, which oath may be administered by tho
registrar. The oaths, properly subsciibed, will be
forwarded immediately for file in the oSice of the
acting assistant adjutant general at these headquar-
ters.
The pay of those officers will he six dollars per diem
for^each day_they are actually employed on their le-
gitimate duties, and their actual expenses of trans-
portation within their district will be reimbursed.
V. The sheriff of each county made responsible
for the preservation of good order and tho perfoct
freedom of the ballot at his various election precincts
in his county. To this end he will appoint a deputy,
who shall be duly qualified under the Jaws of the
State, for each precinct in the county, who will be
required to be present at the place of voting during
the whole time the election is being held. The said
deputies will promptly and fully obey every demand
made upon their officiolservices in preserving peace
and good order by the commissioner of election.
Sheriffs, in making thoir appointments, will cxercise
great care to select men whom they know to he in
every way able to serve, deputies appointed in
