1868.
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
4441
my desk. I will not stop to read it to the Sen-
ate, but it will show to Senators precisely how
much work in addition to that had been done
five months after the period when they had full
notice of all the facts. Therefore without
dwelling upon it, and without being able in the
brief time I mean to occupy to state it as cir-
cumstantially as I should like to do, I lay out
of the question the blame which the Senator
from Wisconsin imputes to the eastern division
for anything which has befallen the central
branch, and I come to the second point, upon
which I wish to make an observation suggested
by the Senator from Ohio.
I do think, although the Senatorfrom Michi-
gan thinks otherwise, that a decided argument
is to be drawn in favor of the bill before us
from the fact that it will supply to the central
branch all that the central branch can honestly
insist it ever expected. Why? The central
branch is the assignee of the Hannibal and St.
Joseph Railroad Company, which company had
the right to extend its road—that was the lan-
guage of the law—from St. Joseph onward
under a charter which went to Pike's Peak.
It was the Atchison and Pike's Peak railroad.
That charter did not call for a road running
west; it called for a route bearing decidedly
to the south, and running as the central branch
laid it down on its map, not where it runs now,
not even to Manhattan, but to Topeka, where
it would have had iis connection within its
one hundred miles, as the Senator from Ohio
says, east of Port Riley. It was there they were
to go. _
Having been told by some of these gentle-
men that I did thein injustice in some remarks
which I made formeily 011 this subject, I have
taken the pains to traverse the debates since ;
and 1 wish time permitted me to present them
to Senators in order that they might see that
the friends of the eastern division, its repre-
sentatives on this floor, when a subsidy for one
hundred miles was given to it admitted and in-
sisted that they were to go to a point on the
eastern division east, of Fort Riley ; that there
was no expectation of going anywhere else,
and that so far from one hundred miles of sub-
sidy not being sufficient sixty miles of subsidy
was all they would ask, and that those sixty
miles would carry them to the connection which
they sought and coveted, being a connection
east, and far east of Fort Riley. Now, this
company has changed entirely its route and has
run not only west but northwest, having run
to a point which as I can show by its sworn
map, which I have in the Chamber, verified by
their engineer, would not enable them to make
a connection with the eastern division had it
gone up the Republican Fork by fifty miles,
although my honorable friend from Kansas
told me when I said so before that I might as
well say that it was fifty miles from Albany to
Troy, that it was not fifteen miles. I say to him
now that I have the sworn evidence on my desk
of this company, laid down on the map by town-
ships, showing that had the eastern division
gone up the Republican Fork by the route which
the central branch has taken, they could not
have made their connection within their hun-
dred miles by more than forty miles, and show-
ing that by the law they could not have made
it by more than sixty miles. As [ speak in the
presence of gentlemen who understand this mat-
ter, I wish to explain my last remark.
The extension was to be -from St. Joseph,
not to exceed one hundred miles. In place of
extendingittherethey commencedat Atchison,
twenty-one miles from St. Joseph, gaining
twenty-one miles to start with, and then they
ran one hundred miles from there, and the
extension of those one hundred miles leaves
them more than forty miles short of any con-
nection with the eastern division, no matter
where it had gone, unless it had defied mount-
ains and clambered bluffs. And yet we are
told that there is an equity which compels us
to take up the central branch at the extension
of their hundred miles, and build, in the first
plac'e, for them these forty miles of road which
nobody protends a subsidy was ever granted
for, and then carry it on indefinitely to the one
hundredth degree.
I agree with the Senator from Ohio that
when we pass this bill we confer upon the cen-
tral branch, not the right, but the favor, in
substance which they seek; we give them a
connection with the main trunk, ultimately, of
the Pacific railroad. But some Senator re-
marked, I think the Senator front Iowa, that
they had already pushed their road west of
Fort Riley. Very well, sir; if they have
pushed their road west of Fort Riley, it will
compel them, perhaps, to take up their iron,
if they have actually laid it down, for a short
space and turn their road down where, and
where alone, it had a right to go, namely, to a
connection with the eastern division at some
point east of Fort Riley ; and it is no answer
to say that without authority of law, ill deroga-
tion of the pledges and promises under which
they received their hundred miles of subsidy,
they have pointed their western terminus so far
north and carried it so far beyond the meridian
of Fort Riley that it has now become incon-
venient for them to make the connection to
which they are entitled. I therefore deny that
any deflection of the eastern division at Fort
Riley did change, or could change at all the
rights of the central branch. The one hun-
dred miles to which they were restricted car-
ried them to a point east of Fort lliley, and
could not, by any possibility, permit them to go
west of it; and up to the point of Fort Riley
nobody pretends that the location of the east-
ern division is anything excepting just what
and where it should be.
In the second place, I concur with the Sen-
ator from Ohio that we do confer substantial
benefit upon the Central Branch Pacific road
by restoring to them virtually that very con-
nection which they insist upon it they lost,
which I deny that they have lost, because they
did not embrace their opportunity to enjoy it;
and it restores to them that connection which
they say now they want, and therefore, and
because this termination at Cheyenne Wells is
recommended by the officers of the Army ac-
quainted with the facts, and for the reasons I
have already given, I am willing and glad to
vote for it, hoping that it will be a solution of
this whole question, and that when we have
done it we shall not have seriously pressed
upon us the proposition to give two and a half
millions of money and nineteen hundred thou-
sand acres of land to this other company, for
which I am unable to see now the shadow of
an equity ; for which certainly there will be
no pretext when we give them the connection
which this bill proposes.
Mr. DRAKE. I do very earnestly hope that
we shall not drift off into a discussion upon
the bill with regard to the Central Branch
Pacific railroad, which is not before us. Be-
yond all doubt, in the view taken by the Sena-
tor from New York, it was perfectly proper for
him to state that matter ; but I would deprecate,
very respectfully, any pursuing of that line of
debate, and would beg that we may have a vote
upon the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to occupy only
a moment to correct the statement of facts
made by the Senator from New York. I will
not delay the passage of the bill if the Senate
desire to pass it. The Senator from New York
seems to be troubled about the central branch
011 almost every occasion. It haunts him when
he lies down and when he gets up. The fact
is that the contract for the building of their
road was made in July, 18G5, for one hundred
miles, instead of in 1866, as the Senator said.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I did not say anything
about the contract; I simply referred to the
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
showing when the first twenty miles were com-
pleted.
Mr. POMEROY. In July, 1806, forty miles
of iron were laid, and sixty miles were graded.
The direction of this road is precisely on the
parallel from Atchison to Pike's Peak, the
first standard parallel by the surveyors com-
mencing at Atchison, and running due west,
and instead of deflecting south, to go to Pike's
Peak, they do not deflect south a township
anywhere to reach Pike's Peak in a direct
line.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator mean
to say that a line due west from Atchison would
reach Pike's Peak without deflecting to the
south ?
Mr. POMEROY. Without deflecting a town-
ship, six miles. There is only one other point
on which I desire to say a word. The connec-
tion to be made was to be made in the Repub-
lican valley. No one doubts that. Before
the passage of the act there was a considera-
tion urged here, and I urged it myself during
the pendency of the bill, that there might be
an early connection made in the Kansas valley,
but in that I was voted down by a yea and nay
vote, and one hundred miles of subsidy given
to make connection in the valley of the Repub-
lican. If you count the townships from Atchi-
son straight west you come to the Republican
valley within two and a half townships from
Atchison, but in building a road one hundred
miles of road are not a hundred miles in a
straight line. I said that a hundred miles in a
straight line from Atchison by way of this road
brought us within twelve or fifteen miles of the
Republican valley. It is so in a straight line
by counting the townships not in the bend of
the Republican above where they now propose
to go.
Mr. CONKLING. My statement was that
from the western end of the Central branch as
it is now, to a connection with the Republican
fork was at least forty miles. The Senator told
me that I was wrong about that, that I might
as well say it was forty miles from Albany to
Troy; that it was fifteen miles. Now, my state-
ment is that the sworn map of this company
which I have shows that it is over forty miles.
Mr. POMEROY. The Republican river
branches off to the South, and where they now
propose to construct it it is further than in a
straight line from Atchison. This is true ; but
what I said was that a hundred miles in a direct
line west from Atchison brought us within
twelve or fifteen miles of the valley, and it is a
matter of fact about which there can be no dis-
pute, because it is all laid down on the map.
But, sir, I will not occupy time. I only wish
to say that this bill, independent of the claim
of the Central branch, stands on its own mer-
its, and ought to be voted upon on its own
merits.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. DRAKE. Let us
vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri to the amend-
ment of the committee has been agreed to, and
.the question now is on the amendment as
amended.
Mr. MORGAN. I should like to hear it
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
amended, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, eastern division, may
mortgage that part of its road between the pomt
where its subaidy in bonds shall terminate and Den-
ver City, together with its rolling stock, to an amount
not exceeding $32,00U per mile, which point shall be
held and construed under existing laws to be at or
near Cheyenne Wells, in Colorado, not further west
than the meridian ot' said wells; and the Denver
Pacific Kailwuy and Telegraph Company may mort-
gage its road and rolling stock to a like amount, lor
the purpose of enabling said companies to borrow
money to construct their said roads.
Mr. MORGAN. I had hoped that we should
not be called upon to vote any more subsidies
at this session of Congress. There have been
several bills presented for subsidies to rail-
roads, and this is one of them. The Senate
ought to understand that it is the entering
I wedge of a new line to California to be sup-
S ported by the Government, and we ought to
I vote with that understanding. The distance
| to be built under this bill, fifty miles, is prob-
j ably as much as can be constructed this year ;
' but if we grant this aid now wc shall be called
| upon at the next session of Congress to giant
1 additional aid, because as long as Congress
I will grant the railroads will apply. It is much
