1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1369
u])on the time of the gentleman who has so
kindly yielded me the privilege of the floor.
Messrs. LOUGHRIDGE and MUNGEN
made some remarks, for which see Appendix.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I shall vote for the resolution before the
House. Acting on this subject hitherto with
a majority of the Republican members of this
body. I have not favored the presentation of
articles of impeachment against the President
of the United States; not because I did not
believe him morally guilty of impeachable of-
fenses, not because I did not condemn and
execrate his administration of the Govern-
ment, but because I felt that in the case as
heretofore presented there might be a doubt
of his conviction by the august tribunal before
which he would have to be arraigned. Rather
than launch out on a doubtful experiment and.
venture on the exercise of powers never before
appealed to, and thus open up a great popular
excitement, injurious to the material interests
of the country, without a certainty of convic-
tion, I was disposed not to push the matter
of impeachment, hoping that the President,
warned of our power but indebted to otfr for-
bearance, would so conduct himself in his
great office as to spare us the necessity of re-
sorting to the extreme remedy provided by the
Constitution.
But, sir, whatever hopes and expectations
may have existed in that regard, they have
signally failed of being realized. Every act of
forbearance exercised toward him has only
been a fresh invitation to further and more
flagrant aggressions upon the rights of the peo-
ple, until at last he has flung himself against
the very bulwarks of the Constitution, defying
the laws and overriding a coordinate branch
of the Government. In my judgment, Mr.
Speaker, the time has arrived when the Rep-
resentatives of the people, acting under the
solemn obligations of their oaths to support
and uphold the Constitution, can no longer
delay the vindication of that Constitution in the
manner therein provided. I trust we shall meet
the grave responsibilities thrust upon us in a
manner becoming the Representatives of a free
people. To me the pathway of duty is now
plain. For one I scorn the threats and denun-
ciations we have heard here. For eight years
I listened to just such threats made by men
with treason in their hearts and on their lips;
men who afterward made'warupon the Gov-
ernment and imbrued their hands in the blood
of their fellow-countrymen. You and I, Mr.
Speaker, go back in our recollection to the
time when these spacious galleries were filled
with ruffians and assassins belching forth threats
of violence, resistance, and blood ; when every
Reasonable sentiment was applauded to the
echo and every sentiment of loyalty and pa-
triotism was received with hisses and scorn. I
fear no appeal to the people. I court it. Gen-
tlemen have not read history if they are not ad-
vised that in all contests between an Execu-
tive and the Commons the people's represent-
atives have ttiumphed in the end. That great
party which, by its patriotism, its energy, its
heroism, its courage, its fidelity, carried the
country in triumph and glory through so many
years of war and carnage and blood will not
now fail in its mission of completing the work
in hand. That party which overcome the un-
divided and compacted strength of all the rebels
in arms, sustained by the moral support and
sympathy of two fifths of all the voters in the
States not in open rebellion, will not now be
overcome by a band of mercenary cohorts and
camp followers of a corrupt and treasonable
administration.
In my judgment the safety of the country,
the cause of good government, the preserva-
tion of constitutional right and of public lib- j
erty depend upon the prompt impeachment ot ,
the President of the United States. Let him j
bo impeached for his last great crime that he
has committed against the Constitution and
laws of his country. Let him be promptly
tried, and, if found guilty, let him be removed
from the office he has disgraced. His longer
retention in office is a perpetual and enduring
menace against the peace and happiness and
prosperity of the nation. His whole official
career as President has been marked by a
wicked disregard of all the obligations of public
duty and by a degree of perfidy and treachery
and turpitude unheard of in the history of the
rulers of a free people ; his personal and offi-
cial character has made him the opprobrium
of both hemispheres, and brought ineffable dis-
grace on the American name. As mendacious
as he is malignant, he has used "his high posi-
tion in attempting to break down and destroy
the noblest, the bravest, the best in the land.
His administration has been a constant and
prolonged warfare against all the material in-
terests of the country ; it lias prostrated busi-
ness; it has oppressed labor ; it has destroyed
values ; it has impaired the public credit and
sapped the public morals. Surrounded by red-
handed rebels, advised and counseled by the
worst men that ever crawled, like filthy rep-
tiles, at the footstool of power, the President
has used all the vast authority of the Govern-
ment to prevent a reunion of the States, the
restoration of harmony and peace and happi-
ness to the country. He has brought the loyal
men in the unreconstructed States to a condi-
tion from the contemplation of which all men
must recoil with horror. Sustained and sup-
ported by the Administration, murder, rapine,
incendiarism, robbery, and all the crimes stalk
through that whole land with a bloody step ;
and every day he remains in office adds to the
long list of victims of rebel vengeance, cruelty,
and hate.
Under such a President nearly every depart-
ment of the Government has become demoral-
ized and corrupt to an extent which can find
no parallel in the history of any country in any
age. The Attorney General, not satisfied with
being the medium through which so many coun-
terfeiters, mail robbers, and public plunderers
have been pardoned and turned loose upon the
country, has, with ostentatious and boastful
audacity, proclaimed in the very presence of
the highest judicial tribunal of the land that
he will not vindicate the laws of the country
passed by a vote of two thirds of both branches
of Congress. Look, sir, at the Navy Depart-
ment attempting, in the first instance, to im-
pose upon this House fraudulent estimates of
nearly twenty-five million dollars in order to
render a Republican Co,ngress amenable to the
charge of extravagance; look at its imbecile
management, its profligacy, its extravagance,
its jobberies, and its corruptions and perse-
cutions, under color of law, of some of our
bravest and most distinguished naval officers.
Look at the administration of the Treasury
Department, characterized by the most mon-
strous and appalling frauds, with countless mil-
lions of revenue stolen to go into the pockets
of thieves, partisans, and plunderers, or to
make up a vast political fund to demoralize
and corrupt the people and to secure the elec-
tion of a Democratic and semi-rebel President.
Look at the Interior Department, with its land
and railroad jobbing, its profligate Indian ex-
penditures, and its fraudulent and corrupt
extensions of patents : and the Post Ollice De-
partment, arraigned before the House by a
committee of the House 011 charges of comip-
tion ; and the State Department, arraigned be-
fore the nations of the world for not vindicating
the rights of the nation and of the citizens ot
the nation!
Confronted as we are this day, Mr. Speaker,
by this state of things, so threatening to our
national existence and so destructive of all that
is held dear by all good citizens, can there be
any patriotic man of any political organization
who docs not call upon Congress to_ sternly do
its whole duty and purge this Capitol of the
crimes which defile the nation?
Mr. WOODWARD (at one minute before
twelve o'clock m.) moved that the House ad-
journ, so that the session of Monday might
commence.
The motion was agreed to ; ajid thereupon
(at eleven o'clock and fifty-nine minutes a. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITION'S, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio: The memorial
of Colonel A. W. Doan and others, officers in
the war for suppressing the rebellion, remon-
strating against the passage of any law depriv-
ing them of compensation now authorized by
law.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: A concur-
rent resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Kansas, instructing the Senators and request-
ing the Representatives in Congress from the
State of Kansas to use their influence to pro-
cure the enactment of a law by which officers
and soldiers wounded or disabled in the late
war shall be entitled to pension from date of
discharge or resignation, the samts as if they
had made application at that time.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Kansas, memorializing
Congress for aid in behalf of the extension of
the Missouri river, Fort Scott, and Gulf rail-
road.
By Mr. HALSEY: The petition of James
R. Thompson & Co. and Walter Gregory &
Co., of Jersey City, New Jersey, asking Con-
gress to abolish the warehousing system.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of Cornelius
E. Stephens and others, citizens of Lewis
county, New York, in favor of diminishing
taxation, public expenditures, &c.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of mayor,
recorder, city council, and citizens of Atlantic
City, New Jersey, setting forth that the har-
bor at Atlantic City and Absecom Inlet, New
Jersey, is endangered by encroachment by the
sea, and praying action 011 the subject.
By Mr. MYERS: A joint resolution of the
Pennsylvania Legislature, urging such change
in the tariff laws as will promote and encour-
age American art and American artists.
Also, a joint resolution of the^Pennsylvania
Legislature, requesting ademaud from theBrit-
ish Government of the release of American
citizcns imprisoned on mere suspicion of po-
litical offenses, and urging a fixed policy for
the protection of Americans abroad.
By Mr. PIIELPS: The claim of Frederick
Brossene, of Maryland, for timber, &c.
By Mr. TWIOHELL: Memorials of A. B.
Sargent and others; of W. H. Cary & Son and
others; of D. Thoyer, jr., and_ others, New
England manufacturers, for revision of revenue
laws, &c.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
H. A. Towne and twenty-one others, citizens
of Portsmouth, Ohio, for the abolition of the
warehousing system, and the repeal of the law
law establishing bonded warehouses.
IN SENATE.
Moxday, February 24, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE DOUSE.
A message from the House of Represents,
tives, by Mr. McPheksox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 306)
for the protection, in certain eases, of persons
making disclosure as parties or testifying as
witnesses. „
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 678) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year
ending June 130, 1869;
A bill (H. R. No. 783) for the relief of Sam-
uel Pierce;
