4442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
more convenient and agreeable to the stock-
holders to have the Government build the
roads than for them to advance the money
from their own private fortunes. This is a bill
granting near a million dollars, at least eight
hundred thousand to this line. It is a new
subsidy to that extent.
Mr. WILSON. I desire, Mr. President, to
. make a statement in regard to this question.
All our difficulties on this subject grow out of
the change two years ago that was made by our
allowing this eastern division to go down to
the Smoky Hill route. We have had a great
deal of difficulty growing out of it. Now it is
proposed, and 1 assented to the proposal, that
this road shall go to Cheyenne Wells with a
view of going to Denver, and not to the Pacific,
and I support this bill with that understanding.
I hold in my hand a protest of the president
of the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company
against allowing this road to diverge south-
ward, and I shall vote for the report of the
committee with the expectation, if there is any
truth in men, that this eastern division com-
pany shall build their road to Denver, and that
the Congress of the United States by this vote,
instead of doing anything to carry this road to
New Mexico or to the Pacific, gives a vote to
the contrary of that. I vote with that under-
standing, and intend to bo governed by it in
the future. If there is to bo another railroad
lo_ the Pacific, that, railroad belongs to the south
of this eastern division, and it should be some
distance south of it. I shall vote for the bill
with the understanding I have stated.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad was to insert as
an additional section:
Sec. o. And be it further enacted. That this act shall
not take effect ancl go into operation until the &aiil
Union Pacific Railway Company, eastern division,
shall, by a vote of its directors, have given its con-
sent to the same, and have lilcd a certificate to that
effect under the corpoiate seal of said company,
attested by its president and secretary, in the Depart-
ment of the Inferior. And tlio grants herein made
to said Denver Pacific Railway and Tolcsjraph Com-
pany are made upon condition that said company
shall complete and putin operation its whole line
of railroad and telegraph by the 1st day of January,
A. 1). 1870.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer (he following
amendment as an additional section :
Andbt it further enacted. That nothing contained in
the act of Congress approved J uly 8,18(Jf3, relating to
the, Union Pacific railway, eastern division, shall
deprive tile Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad
Company, assignee of the Hannibal and St. Joseph
liailroad Company, of its right to continue its road
and telegraph line we.^tcrly lrom the termination of
the one hundred miles mentioned in the act of Con-
gress incorporating the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, approved J uly 1,18G2, to a,connection witli the
Union 1 acifie Railroad Company, as one of the
b raneties thereof; but said Central liiunch Union
I acific Railroad Company shall continue its road
westerly from f ho termination of the one hundred
miles aforesaid to a connection with the Union
1 a.cific railroad at, the hundicdth meridum of west
longitude, upon the same terms and conditions, in
all respects, as are now niovided by law for the con-
struction ot the UnionPacilic railroad. And in case
saidCentral Branch Company shall deem it desirable
it may construct its road so as to connect with tins
Omaha branch of the Union Pacific railroad at any
nearer point east_ of said meridian: Provided, That
no subsidy in United States bonds shall be allowed
to said Central Branch Company for any greater
iength or road than one hundred and fifty miles from
tho termination ot the one hundred miles, on which
bonds are already authorized to be issued on said
line ot railroad.
I will say for the information of the Senate
that this amendment is the bill which has been
before us before, and been repeatedly under
discussion, for the benefit of the Central
blanch which has been spoken of. I offer it
as an amendment to this bill in order to test
the sense of the Senate upon the propriety of
granting the relief which is asked for by the
Central Branch Company. I do not wish to
make it a subject of discussion further.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator of course
understands that, it will be the subject of a very
prolonged discussion. He cannot doubt that.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us vote on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Michigan
has substantially in his hands the fate of the
pending bill, which he knows has been fully
considered and adjusted with a view to enable
the eastern division to have a western term-
inus. It is manifest that this attempt to hitch
on the central branch to this bill is a defeat
of tho bill, and any Senator here has it in his
power to defeat both measures, My own im-
pression is that the bill we have now perfected
will enable the eastern division to go on with-
out a subsidy beyond Cheyenne Wells and
build their road to Denver, and thence to
Cheyenne City; that it is a measure not only
largely in the interest of the local community
there, Colorado and New Mexico, but largely
in the interest of the Government. Now, to
put on this disputed proposition for a local
road in no way connected with this, but rather
disconnected from it, going in a different direc-
tion, is simply to defeat this bill about which 1
believe there is a general concurrence of senti-
ment. TheSenator can, bypressingthisamend-
meut and raising a debate upon it., defeat the
whole, and that will be the result. This is the
last legislative day, and we must go into execu-
tive session within a few minutes. I hope the
Senator will withdraw his amendment, because,
if not, we might as well go into executive ses-
sion at once, and let the whole thing go.
Mr. IIOWAKD. I certainly would not by
any means embarrass the passage of the bill
by the amendment which I have offered ; much
less would I defeat the passage of that bill;
but 1 beg leave to say that if the Senate will
come to an understanding that we shall have
a vote upon the bill itself, which I have now
offered as an amendment during the day, I shall
be very happy to withdraw it. I think we ought
to take a vote on that bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Wecanr.ot Iiaveanysuch
understanding.
Mr. CONNESS, (to Mr. 1Iowam>.) With-
draw your amendment and try to bring up the
bill itself.
Mr. STEWART. Several Senators will not
vote for this proposition as an amendment who
will vote for it as an original bill.
Mr. IIUWARD. There seems to be an in-
disposition on the part of the Senate to enter-
tain this amendment at present, and I withdraw
it, with the understanding that the Senate will
take up the bill for discussion if we have an
opportunity during the day.
Mr. COX KLI N C. There can be no such
understanding.
T hePRESIDENTprotampore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
^Mr. CRAGIN. Before the vote is taken, I
wish to state that on this question I am paired
with the Senator from Vermont, Mr. Edmunds.
He would vote against the bill and i for it.
Mr. DOOLITl'LE. On this question I
agreed to pair off'with the honorable Senator
from West Virginia, Mr. Vax Winkle, lie
would vote for the bill and 1 against it.
Mr. SUMNER. On this vote I have paired
with the Senator from Vermont, Mr. Mokkill,
he being against the bill and I for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas <32, nays 7 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Oattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Colliding, Conness, Corbett. JDavis. Drake,
Harlan,Harris, Henderson, Howard,ilowe, Kellogg,
McDonald, JSTye, Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Sherman, Stew-
art, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Wade,Welch, Willey,
Williams, Wilson, a,nd Yates—32.
_ NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Ferry, Fessenden, Fre-
linghuysen, McCi eery, Moigan, and Patterson of Ten-
lit esse e-~7 
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cragin
Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, I'owler, (irimes, Hend-
ricks, Morrill of -Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton
.Norton, Osborn, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pow-
er oy, Pool, Ramsey, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sprame
Sumuer, Van Winkle, Viokers, and Wliyte—2o. ° '
So the bill was passed.
suspension of joint rules.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Rexolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the sixteenth and seventeenth
joint rules of the two Houses be suspended for tho
residue ot the session.
The joint rules referred to are as follows:
"16. No hill tbatshallhave passed one House shall
bo sent for concurrence to the other on either of tho
last three days of the session.
"17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed
the House of Representatives and the Senate shall
be presented to the President of the United States
for his approbation on the last day of the session."
message from the iiocse.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bills and
joint resolutions of the Senate :
A joint resolution (S. E. No. 117) for tlio
relief of Jonathan S. Turner;
A bill (S. No. 209) to incorporate "The
Evening Star Newspaper Company;"
A bill (S. No. 295) for the relief of Eliza
Mascher, widow of John F. Mascher; and
A bill (S. No. 540) to regulate the sale of
hay in the District of Columbia.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the resolution of the Senate
(S. 11. No. 57) relative to lighting the streets
of Washington city, District of Columbia, with
an amendment, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (H. It. Xo.
358) authorizing the Secretary of War to fur-
nish cannon to the Soldiers' Monument Asso-
ciation of Pequannock and Paterson, New
Jersey ; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
enrolled bills sigxed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate:
A bill (H. 11. No. 218) granting a pension
of seventeen dollars per month to David
Duhigg, of Lyndon, Vermont, father of late
First Lieutenant Dennis Duhigg, of company
M, first regiment Vermont artillery ;
A bill (II. R. No. 25G) granting a pension to
George Truax, late a private in company il,
first regiment Virginia volunteers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 614) for the relief of Mrs.
Alicc A. Dryer;
A bill (H. It. No. 851) granting a pension to
Ann Williams;
A bill (H. R. No. 880) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary J. Trneman;
A bill (II. It. No. 945) to place the name of
Ellen Curry, widow of James Curry, deceased,
a private soldier in company P, thirty-ninth
regiment Illinois volunteers, upon the pension-
roll of the United States;
A bill (H. li. No. 91)1) for the relief of Za-
doek T. Newman;
A bill (H. 11. No. 1104) granting a pension
to Margaret Davis ;
, ^°- HG5) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Cassidy;
A bill (H. Lt. No. HGGj granting a pension
to Louisa M. Williston ;
i w1!1!11 Xo' 110T) grantillg pension
to Esther Graves;
rblP ^Hi* ?>' 110S-) gaming a pension
to riedenck Denning;
A bill (H. R No. 11G0) granting a pension
to Joseph ]>v Ivodclen :
in Frl!' 11701 grantillg a pension
to Eliza M. Matthews ; 1
to Wii]li">;s°;n1171) Sraut-'ng a pension
granting a pension
tol,liaiHi3arton°;' ° P°nsi°n
to Julia Car'roli a
totwiifpeas^';117^ graa,hl? ap<3nsi0U
A bill (H. R. No. mo) granting a pension
