3418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
paid for it and owns it. This provision says
that he shall not use it, and yet provides no'just
compensation whatever. There is no State of
the Union which would appropriate private
property without compensation. The Consti-
tution of the United States prohibits the tak-
ing of private property for public use without
compensation. Yet, sir, you take this prop-
erty, sweep it away from the man who owns
it, and provide no compensation whatever. It
strikes me that the proposition of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Botler] is fair,
that the larger one should be put to the elec-
tion whether he will go on with the business
and buy the smaller one out or permit the
smaller one to buy him out. I am not pre-
pared at this moment to offer au amendment
that will meet this case; but I hope the com-
mittee will pass over this section so an amend-
ment can be prepared. The principle enun-
ciated by the gentleman from Massachusetts is
unquestionably the right one. We should not
deprive any man of the use of his property
without making him just compensation there-
for. But, as 1 have said, I am not prepared
with the proper amendment. I move, there-
fore, that this section be passed over for the
present.
Mr. LOGAN. If gentlemen had examined
this section they would not have deemed it was
necessary to amend it. What is the reason for
any law? What is the reason for this? Now,
sir, there is abundance of evidence to show that
rectifying establishments, many of them, near
distilleries, use pipes in connection with the
cisterns of the distillery, in connection with the
mash-tubs or the receiving cisterns, so as to run
the whisky from the distillery into the rectify-
ing establishment. Then it is rectified in the
rectifying establishment; and under this and
the old law whenever whisky is rectified it goes
upon the market as tax paid, the tax being com-
pelled to be paid before it is rectified. Yet the
gentlemen say this is a hardship. Sir, it is no
hardship. Honest men in this business ask that
it shall be done. I have a document here from
which I have already read, the proceedings of
the distillers' convention, at which the rectifiers
of every State of the Union were represented.
It was composed of the best men in the business
from the different cities and States. Now, these
men representing the distilling interest passed a
resolution recommendingthatno license should
be granted to any distillery upon the same prem-
ises with a rectifying establishment, or within six
hundred feet of any premises used for rectify-
ing. That is what the rectifiers themselves say
we should do in order to prevent fraud. If they
can stand it I do not think we should complain.
Mr. BRUYN. Does the gentleman mean to
assert that gentlemen engaged in any business
have a right to ask this to be done—to ask us
to annihilate the rights of private property ?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; I do not say they
have a right to ask Congress to do any more
than any other citizens have a right to ask.
But they held a convention and passed reso-
lutions determining for themselves what they
thought would be necessary to protect them
against the frauds of these illicit distillers.
But outside of that, I put this to the House,
not as an argument, but to show that there is
a kind of anxiety here to do more for these
men than they ask to be done for them. Now,
1 tell gentlemen if you putyour rectifying estab-
lishment within two hundred feet of your distill-
ery all you have to do in the city is to attach
a com mon hose and connect the rectifying estab-
lishment and the distillery together over the tops
of the houses and with a syphon draw out every
particle of whisky from the tanks. It can be
done in the night. I yield to the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. GRISWOLD. For the benefit of my
friend, I will give him the evidence of one of
the largest rectifiers and distillers in my own
State. His name is Tracev. When the busi-
ness was conducted in a legitimate way he
paid into the Government Treasury over five
hundred thousand dollars in nine months as
tax on whisky manufactured by him. His evi-
dence before the committee was that although
this would work hardship to him from the fact
that he would have to abandon expensive
buildings which he liad erected for the pur-
pose, still he was convinced of the necessity
of this provision, and he was willing to sub-
mit to the law rather than to have the commit-
tee abandon it.
Mr. PRUYN. I would like to say a word
in answer to that.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw the amendment,
andmovetoadd "fifty," a formal amendment,
so as to allow debate. I am not convinced
even by my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,]
or my friend from New York, [Mr. Griswold,]
still less by the resolution of the large distill-
ers in the whisky convention. I understand
now where this proposition comes from. It
comes from the large distillers and rectifiers,
who propose to crush out the little ones. Pre-
cisely that and nothing more.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me a question. This
does not prevent distillers from being close
together, nor the rectifying establishments
being close together, but prevents the distill-
eries being close to the rectifying establish-
ments. So, therefore, it cannot be crushing
out the little ones.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 understand it perfectly.
The gentleman has not made it any clearer.
If there be any rectifying establishment within
six hundred feet of any distillery then the one
that is less in amount—and the rectifying
establishments are always the largest—has a
right to crush out the other without paying any
damages, compensation, or giving him any
relief whatever. Now, 1 say it is unjust, unfair,
and unchristian for us to legislate to destroy
one man's property for the benefit of another
without compensation. I call the attention of
the committee to the fact that if you give a
license to a large rectifier,which, by the terms
of the law, takes away the property of the
smaller one, you should make him take the
property at u valuation of his neighbor that he
is going to crush out. My friend from Ohio
says that cannot be done. Let us see. What
can you say to the large establishment? You
can say, " Sir, you shall not have your license,
which crowds out your neighbor from his busi-
ness, unless you take all the distillery estab-
lishments within six hundred l'eet." Is not
that right? Mr. Tracey, mentioned to us, I
have no doubt would like to have all the small
distillers wiped out. The large rectifiers are
the very men who want to erusli out the small
ones. That is part of the game. Now, then,
the least I desire is, if you are going to kill
these small men for the benefit of the large
ones, let the large men pay for the property they
destroy. I, for one, will not stand in this com-
mittee without raising my voice against taking
one man's property for the benefit of another
without compensation.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 cannot see the difference
in effect between the proposition 
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Debate is exhausted
on the amendment, f believe.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. The gentle-
man from Iowa is replying to an amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw the last amend-
ment.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to the gentle-
man's withdrawing it. Mr. Chairman, I see
no difference in principle between the propo-
sition made by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. BctlerJ and the proposition of the
Committee of Ways andMeans. He is willing
that the distillery and the rectifying establish-
ment shall be separated two hundred feet from
each other, but not six hundred feet. Now,
I should like to know what difference there is
between his proposition and that of the com-
mittee except in degree?
Mr. BUILLR. The gentleman does not
mean to misrepresent me?
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly not.
Mr. BUTLER. I put it at two hundred feet
for the purpose of calling attention to the sub-
ject and asking time to prepare an amend-
ment to cover the case.
Mr. ALLISON. Now, we have had before
the Committee of Ways and Means a great
many persons in reference to this very propo-
sition. and one gentleman who is a very large
distiller and rectifier in the city of New York,
having his two establishments in juxtaposition,
came before us and said that he wanted us to
strike-out the proposition that the distiller
should be required to own the property in fee
on which his distillery is erected, and he also
objected to this six hundred feet proposition,
because he said he had invested $50,000 in an
alcohol distillery which would be destroyed if
this law went into operation. But he made
his principal argument against the sixth section
of the bill, which requires that every distiller
shall own in fee the property on which his dis-
tillery is located; and he said, " If you allow
that provision to remain in the bill I care not
a fig about the other proposition in regard to
rectifying establishments, because the effect
of that section will be to drive the business of
distillation out of the great cities where land
is dear into, the country where land is cheap."
And he said, "If this proposition in the sixth
section prevails my distillery and rectifying
house must go out of the city of New York,
because I cannot afford to invest the amount
of money necessary to carry on business there
where real estate is worth so much." I be-
lieve, sir, it is the wish of all those who desire
to see the tax collected that the business of
distillation shall be driven out of the great
cities where all the frauds are committed. It
is no hardship on the rectifier to be compelled
to remove his rectifying house six hundred
feet from a distillery, but all the evidence is
that frauds have been committed by means of
pipes extending from the cistern-room of the
distillery into the rectifying establishment,
underground and in various ways, so that the
distilled spirits never reach the distillery ware-
house at all, but go from the receiving cistern
into the rectifying establishment, and thence to
the market.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. ALLISON. I will.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Have you any evidence
that any fraud has been committed by collu-
sion between a distillery and a rectifying
establishment when separated two hundred
feet ?
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know that wo
have any evidence of it when separated two
hundred feet or one hundred and ninety-nine
feet or one hundred and ninety-nine and a
half feet. But we require that these distill-
eries and rectifying establishments shall not
be on the same square, in the same block of
buildings, but that they shall be separated by
a street or avenue.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move to amend the
amendment so as to make the distance seven
hundred feet. Now, I have noticed the argu-
ment of the distinguished gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Bcti.er,] and I really can-
not see why it is that he should oppose the
proposition to require that there shall be this
distance between a distillery and a rectifying
establishment and be in favor of two hundred
feet.
Mr. BUTLER. I have said three times that
I am not in favor of it. *
Mr. EGGLESTON. Well, he is certainly
opposed to six hundred feet. It is well known
to every gentleman here who looks the subject
honestly and squarely in the face that the
business of making whisky, if the tax is paid
to the Government upon it, must be driven
from the cities. Talk about making whisky in
the city of New York or Boston, bringing your
com from the country where it is produced at
ten and twelve cents a bushel, and competing
with the men who make it there iu the corn-
fields! It is useless for gentlemen to argue
with me that it can be done honestly and the
tax paid to the Government, for [ know it can-
