1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1371
tion; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Rniolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish the Senate with any information
in his Possession as to the amount of distilled spirits
shipped from Atlantic ports of the United States to
Calilorma during the yoar 1867; and also what
amount of distilled spirits from other States was
landed m ban rrancisco during thatyear.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No; 385) in part execution of section four of
article four of the Constitution ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SUMNER. I would like to introduce
a bill, and I have given notice of it. I beg
leave to introduce a bill to renew the charter
of the city of Washington; I gave notice of it
the other day.
Leave was granted to introduce a bill (S.
No. 386) to renew the charter of the city of
Washington; and it was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 387) concerning the liability of
shipowners, maritime liens, salvage, and the
jurisdiction in admiralty; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I move the reference of
the bill to the Committee on Commerce. On
some grounds I should move its reference to
the Judiciary Committee, but it seems to me,
all things considered, it had better first go
under the eye of the Committee on Commerce.
I therefore move that reference, and that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
388) to remove political disabilities from Perry
G. Wall, of Florida; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. .
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives, were severally read by their
titles, and referred as indicated below ;
A bill (II. R. No. 678) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending
June 30, 1869—to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
A bill (H. R. No. 783) for the relief of Sam-
uel Pierce—to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
A bill (H. R. No. 780) declaring St. George
and Boothbay, in the State of Maine, and San
Antonio, Texas, ports of delivery, and au-
thorizing the establishment of bonded ware-
houses at Bucksport and Yinalhaven, in the
State of Maine—to the Committee on Com-
mercG.
A bill (II. R. No. 787) to prevent and pun-
ish the unlawful use of public money and
property—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. "
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating maps necessary to complete the
report by General McAlester relative to the
survey of Bayou Manchac, made incompliance
with a resolution of the Senate of March 11,
1867; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and a motion to print it was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
CONSTITUTION OF ALABAMA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
letter from E. W. Peck, piesident of the con-
stitutional convention of Alabama, communi-
cating a copy of the constitution ot the State
of Alabama, as revised and amended by the
convention assembled at Montgomery on the
5th clay of November, 1807 ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
PRESENTATION OF BILLS TO PRESIDENT.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 306) regulating the presentation of bills
to the President and the return of the same,
which was reported by me a few days ago from
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in the
Committee of the Whole. It provides that the
ten days mentioned in section seven of article
one of the Constitution, within which the Presi-
dent. of the United States is required to return
to the House in which it originated any bill not
approved by him, shall be held and construed
to be ten calendar days (Sundays excepted)
next after the day of the presentation ot any
such bill to him ; and the adjournment of
Congress, which shall prevent the return of
any such bill by the President to that House
in which it originated, is to be held and con-
strued to be the final adjournment of a ses-
sion, and not an adjournment of either or both
Houses, of Congress, acting by themselves or
with the consent of each other, as provided
for in the Constitution, to a particular day.
And if at any time within those ten days the
President shall desire to return a bill to the
House in which it originated, or to send a mes-
sage to such House thathe has signed the same,
when such House is not sitting, it is to be law-
ful for liim to return such bill or send such
message to the office of the Secretary of the
Senate or Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives, as the case may be, and the Secretary
or Clerk is to indorse thereon the day on
which the return shall be made or the message
received, and make entry of the fact of such
return or the receipt of such message in his
Journal of the proceedings ; and such return
or sending of such message is to be deemed
and taken to bo a return of the bill to the
House in which it originated, or a sending of
the message to that House, to all intents and
purposes. Every bill which, having passed
both Houses of Congress and having been pre-
sented to the President as provided in the Con-
stitution, shall not have been returned by the
President with his objections thereto to that
House in which it originated within the time
herein defined and declared is to be a law ;
and it is to be the duty of the President in
such case immediately to deliver such bill so
having bccome a law to the Secretary of
State, who shall receive and proceed with the
same in the same manner as may be provided
by law for bills signed by the President, and
to certify thereon and in the promulgation
thereof that such bill has become a law for
the cause stated. The time mentioned in the
act is to be computed by excluding the day on
which a bill may be presented to the Presi-
dent and including the tenth day (Sundays
excepted) thereafter.
Mr. DRAKE. I atn not prepared to offer
an amendment to this bill, butldesireto make
a suggestion in regard to it to the gentleman
who reported it which, it seems to me, is enti-
tled to consideration. The second section of
the bill leaves the ascertainment of the fact
that a bill has become a law by the failure of
the President to sign or return it to some per-
son outside of Congress, to wit, to the Secre-
tary of State: and it also leaves it with the
President to deliver or not deliver the bill to
the Secretary of State, with information that
the same has become a law without his signa-
ture. In the early part of this session I took
occasion to mention to the Senate what seemed
to me to be a defect in our laws as to the mode
of authenticating a law which had become such
by failing to receive the President's signature.
I desire to call the attention of the gentleman
who presented this bill to the importance of
the two Houses of Congress themselves pro-
viding for the authentication of an act under
those circumstances, and for their authorita-
tive declaration as to when the act goes into
effect. Suppose that the President docs not
choose to deliver a bill that has been in his
hands more than ten days to the Secretary of
State with the information; suppose he says
that the bill has got lost and he cannot do it,
how is it to become a law? How is it to be
authenticated as a law ? I suggest to the hon-
orable Senator who has brought iu this bill
that the law should provide for the authentica-
tion of an act, when it has become a law by
reason of the President's not signing it or
returning it within the time, by the Presiding
Officers of the two Houses of Congress. I am
not prepared with an amendment, because I
did not expect that this bill would come up
this morning; but I submit these remarks to
the consideration of the honorable Senator,
basing them upon the principle that these two
Ho'uses should be the bodies and their officers
the officers who should declare that a bill had
become a law under those circumstances with-
out the signature of the President.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, it did not
appear to the committee that there was any
practical or theoretical difficulty upon the sub-
ject named by my honorable friend from Mis-
souri. There has never been any practical or
theoretical difficulty on the subject since the
foundation of the Government, when it was
provided by law that the Secretary of State
should receive bills left in the hands of the
President unreturned at the end of ten days
and promulgate them. One difficulty, and a
very serious difficulty"to me, in arranging the
matter as my honorable friend proposes, would
be this: that there would be the same trouble
in getting back the bill from the President to
the House of Representatives or the Senate, a
much greater trouble, than there would be in
the Secretary of State receiving it, because the
Constitution clearly implies that the President
need not, if he chooses not to do so, return
such a bill. Now, then, it will not do to say—
at least it is treading upon dangerous ground
to say—that the House of Representatives or
the Senate may take some copy that they have
left and reenroll the bill, and send that to the
Secretary of State as the law; because the
Constitution declares that the bill which is
presented to the President and not returned
shall be the law. It is that identical piece of
paper and the inscriptions thereon that be-
come, like a bill that is signed, a law ; and we
all know the danger, after a bill has been en-
rolled and examined by the Committee on
Engrossed Bills and the Committee on En-
rolled Bills and is presented—we all know the
danger, if you intend under the Constitution to
have what that bill says literally the law, as the
Constitution says, in taking any other. I think
there is no difficulty in practice, no danger that
we need so much apprehend as to provide
against in advance, that the President will put
any bill out of the way; that he will be any
more careless with it than he is with any other
bill that he signs and returns to the Secretary
of State, not to us. The bills that he sends he
does not send back to us. So it appears to me,
in unison with the practice that has always
transpired without evil or difficulty, the safest
and really the only constitutional method is to
cause that bill which we have passed, certified,
and sent to the President to be handed over
to the proper depository of all our laws.
These considerations led the committee to
put the bill in this form. It was satisfactory,
1 believe, to all the members of the Judiciary
Committee, without respect to party, color, or
race, I might add. [Laughter.J
Mr. HENDRICKS. The particular ease
that it was desirable to provide for by this legis-
lation was the case ot the expiration of the
ten days after a bill has gone into the hands of
the President, during a recess ot both Houses
of Congress or of the House in which the bill
originated. There was no provision of law
regulating the management of the business in
such a case. I agreed with the committee that
it ought to be provided for by law. The effect
of this bill is, perhaps, to recognize as a law
a bill which passed at the July session, and
then again at this session, although the Presi-
dent did not sign it, nor did he return it to
