■HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
337
tation was contained in the addressof the hon-
orable. Manager and alluded to in the connec-
tion in which it was, to vindicate the President
of the United Stales against the public asper-
sions which had been made upon him. It was
for that reason and no other that I spoke of
it. not with any desire to make an assault upon
the Managers.
While I treated them with civility, while I
treated them with kindness, and, as I think,
wilh very great forbearance, the honorable
gentleman to-day has made imputations upon
me which I hurl back with indignation and
with scorn—undeserved imputations. I treated
the gentlemen on the other side with courtesy
and with kindness. He has rewarded me with
insult and with outrage in the presence of the
American Senate, it will be for you, Sena-
tors, to judge whose demeanor is most proper
before you, that of the honorable gentleman
who foully and falsely charges me with insin-
uating calumny, or my course in vindicating
the President of the United States in the dis-
charge of my professional duty here. So far
as any question that the gentleman desires to
make of a personal character with me is con-
cerned this is not the place to make it. Let
him make it elsewhere if he desires to do it.
Mr. Y ATHS. Mr. President, I rise to call
the counselor to order.
Mr. KELSON. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, I will endeavor to comply with the sug-
gestion of the Senator. 1 do not wish to
make use of any language improper in this
tribunal, but I hope that Senators will pardon
me for repelling the strong remarks made by
the gentleman on the other side. But let it
pass. \\ hat I desire to say to you, Senators,
and that is much more important than anything
else, is this: when 1 made the statement which
I did to the Senate, I made it with a full
knowledge, as I believed, of what I was doing.
It may be possible, Senators, that I may have
committed an error as to the date of the paper
which was signed by Messrs. Looaa' and the
other Managers. My recollection is that that
paper is without date, and I took it for granted
that it was signed on the same day, the 'Jth of
March, that was mentioned by the honorable
gentleman; but that is an immaterial error,
if it be one. I had the letters in my posses-
sion on the day I addressed you, and if the
gentleman had seen fit to deny any statement
contained in those letters upon that day I had
them here ready to read to the Senate. I had
lio knowledge that this subject would be called
up to-day until the honorable gentleman told
me during your adjournment, of a few minutes.
Since that notification I have sent for the
letters. I was fearful, however, that they
would not be here in time for me to read them
now ; but if it becomes necessary I shall ask
the leave of the Senate to read those letters
to-morrow before my associate shall resume
liis argument in the case. I shall have them,
and as this topic is introduced by the honor-
able gentleman, and introduced, too, in terms
of censure of me, 1 shall ask the honorable
Senate to allow me to read those letters.
What is the point? If there be any point in
connection with this matter, what is it, and
why did I introduce the matter here at all in
vindication of the President of the United
States against the imputation that was made
about Judge Black? Why did I refer to the
letters at all ? It was for the purpose of show-
ing, in answer to the honorable Manager, Mr.
Boctweli., this great fact in explanation of
the conduct with Judge Black, that the Presi-
dent of the United States had been placed in
a dilemma such as no man under accusation
had ever been placed in before, for the pur-
pose of showing that, so far as that correspond-
ence is concerned, it was a correspondence
which arose after the articles of impeachment
had been agreed upon, and probably after they
had been preferred to the Senate. It was for
that purpose that I introduced the correspond-
ence. It has excited, awakened, and aroused
the attention of this whole nation that the
counsel for the President of the United States
SfpptiEMKXT—22.
should abandon his cause, and that the true
secret of that abandonment has not grown nut
of anyinsnlt the President of the United States
rendered to the counsel, out of any injury
which he did to them, but has grown out, of the
fact that a claim was pressed to the island re-
ferred to under thccircnmstances stated. Nov,'.
I will go further (ban I did the other da v. and
I will answer for it here and anywhere else : I
believe that Judge Black acted improperly,
under those circumstances, in withdrawing his
services from the President of the United
States, according to the best lights I have on
the subject. Ileraistliis accusation presented
against him, and Ircre is this astonishing claim
presented to him. signed by four of the Man-
agers of this impeachment, presented at this
extraordinary period of lime, presented when
this impeachment, was hanging over him : and
I maintain still that I had the right, and that
it was my solemn and bounden duty, to vindi-
cate him against the charge that was pre-
ferred.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Does the gentle-
man know what lie is saying; "a claim signed
by four of the Managers?"
Mr. NELSON. I meant to say letter. If
I said ''claim " I meant to say there was an
indorsement. I am glad the gentleman has
corrected me. What I niepn to say. Senators—
1 may have used some word I did not intend
to use—the idea that I intend to convey is that
a letter was in the lirst instance signed by the
honorable Manager, General Butixu, that there
was an indorsement of that letter by three
other members of the House of Represent-
atives who are Managers in this case: that this
letter and the indorsement of it had relation
to the Alia Vela claim, that the subject was
brought up to the consideration of the Presi-
dent of the United States pending this im-
peachment, and that whether the letter in-
dorsing General Butleu's letter was signed on
the 9th of March or at a later period is wholly
immaterial. JI was signed after this impeach-
ment proceeding was commenced, and Judge
Black endeavored to get the attention of the
President to the claim and to have him decide
upon it, as I am informed and believe, though
I have no written evidence of that fact: Judge
Black urged it upon him after this impeach-
ment proceeding commenced and after Judge
Black had met some of the other counsel and
myself in the council chamber of the President:
I was not present at that, time, but I have it, I
may say, from the lips of the President him-
self, and I believe it to be true, that Judge
Black urged upon him a decisiou of this claim,
and that his answer, among others, was that he
did not think it a proper time for him to act
on the claim, because the Congress of the Uni-
ted States wasiu session, and that if it was right
and proper for a vessel to be sent down there
or any act of public hostility to take place, the
President of the UnitedStates answered Judge
Black, as I am informed and believe, by tell-
ing him that Congress was in session, and by
asking him to call upon Congress to pass any
law that might be necessary for that purpose,
and that it was not proper for him to interfere
in it. This is all 
Mr. GLUMES rose.
Mr. NELSON. I will relieve the gentleman
by stating that I have said as much as I desired
to say. I will ask permission, when I receive
those letters, in some form to put them before
the Senate, and with this remark 1 will take
my seat-
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I trust not until
they are shown not to have been mutilated.
Mr. NELSON. Sirl
Mr. Manager LOGAN rose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I ask that
the argument in the cause may proceed. This
matter has nothing to do with any question
before us.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The argument on
behalf of the President will proceed.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I trust
the Manager from Illinois will be allowed to
be heard.
Mr. Manager LOGAN. Mr. President, if
there L no objection 1 men.ly dt '-ire to say  
The CtllEr JUSTICE. The honorable
Manager can proceed, if there be no objection.
Mr. .Manager LOGAN. Ju=t a moment.
T merely wish to correct the gentleman from
Tennessee, the counsel for the respondent, by
sajing that lie is mistaken about this letter
having been signed alter the impeachment
commenced by either General Bl":'l,i:;i or my-
self. 1 know well when 1 signed it, and tin;
gentleman will tiiul the correction, if lie will
examine thoroughly, and will certainly be kind
enough to make it. 1 ,-igneil the letter long
before there was anything thought of impeach-
ment.
Mr. NELSON. If you will let me do so, 1
will say with great pleasure that I had no de-
sign to inisiepre;-ent any gentleman concerned
in the cause; and in order that the matter may
be decided 1 will have the letter brought here.
I may have fallen into an error about the date,
but my understanding was that it was after the
impeachment "proceedings weie commenced;
but to obviate all difficulty I will produce the
letter itself, no matter whether it shows 1 am
mistaken or not. If it she .is that I am mis-
taken L will bring it here in fairness to the
Senate: and if it shows that I am right 1 will
If ing it again in fairness to the Senate. That
is all the gentleman can ask, I am Mire. I
may possibly bo mistaken.
Several Skxatokk. Let the argument pro-
ceed.
The CIIIEF JUSTICE. The argument on
the part of the President will proceed.
WILLIAM M. EVA UTS, esq., of counsel
for the respondent, addressed the Senate as
follows :
1 am sure, Mr. Chief Justice and Senators,
that no man of a thoughtful and considerate
temper would wish to take any part in the sol-
emn transaction which proceeds to-day unless
held to it by some quite perfect obligation of
duty. Even it we were at liberty to eonline
our solicitudes within the horizon of politics;
even if the interests of the country and of the
party in power, and if duty to the country and
duty to the party in power, (as is sometimes
the case, and as public men so easily persuade
themselves is, or may be, the case in any junc-
ture,) were commensurate andequivalenr, who
will provide a chart and compass for the wide,
uncertain sea that lies before us in the imme-
diate future? Who shall determine the cur-
rents that shall How from the event of this stu-
pendous political controversy; who measure
their force; and who assume to control the
storms that it may breed?
But if we enlarge the scope of our responsi-
bility and of our vision, and take in the great
subjects that have been constantly pressing
upon our minds, who is there so sagacious in
human affairs, who so confident of his sagacity,
who so circumspect in treading among grave
responsibilities and so assured of his circum-
spection, who so bold in his forecast of the fu-
ture, and so approved in his prescience, as to
see, and to see clearly, through this day's busi-
ness?
Let us be sure, then, that no man should be
here as a volunteer or lift, a little finger to jostle
the struggle and contest between the great
forces of our Government, of which we are
witnesses, in which we take part, and which
we, in our several vocations, are to assist in
determining.
Of the absolute and complete obligation
which convenes the Chief Justice of the United
States.and its Senators in this court for the
trial of this impeachment, and of its authentic
commission from the Constitution, there can
be no doubt. So, too, of the deputed authority
of these honorable Managers, and tlieir pres-
ence in obedience to it, and the attendance of
the House of Representatives itself in aid of
their argument and their appeal, there is as
little doubt. The President of the United
States is here, in submission to the same Con-
stitution, in obedience to it, and in the duty
