1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
appearance of military support; as also by the tyran-
nical provisions of tbecon&titution itself, dibfrauchis-
ing1 all persons voting against it, without regard to
their personal or political aufeecdcuts.
VI. Thatunjustdiscrimiiiatious were made against
white men, and in favor of negroes, by allowing the
latter to vote at any precinct in the State, but re-
stricting the former, if Democrats, to the precincts
of their actual residence—as in Arkansas, White, and
other comities.
VII. That among the votes counted for the consti-
tution (and tar exceeding the majority claimed for
it) ucuny were illegally and fraudulently cast, by
persons voting repeatedly at different, precincts, or
simulating dead or absent voters, or being non-resi-
denes of the State, minors, women, or otherwise dis-
qualified; and many others were, in reality, not east
at all, but wore corruptly placed in the ballot-boxes,
either in addition to the votes actually east, or else in
lieuofthem. these la«<t beintf purloined anddestroyed;
all of which was done, wholly or in part, in Johnson,
White, Phillips, Jelferson, Pulaski, Cross, St. Francis,
and other counties.
Wo beg you to believe, General, that the foregoing
charges and specifications are by no means extrava-
gant. They are rhc mildest possible expression of
the feelings and positive knowledge of the outraged
white i>cople of Arkansas, who, bent, but not yet
crushed, by such monstrous frauds and villainies,
appeal, through us to you, as of their own race and
blood, to give them the opportunity to establish the
truth of ail that is herein alleged. This we offer to
do, before an impartial commission of honorable offi-
cers, by clear testimony, and in due form of law;
and, after making good this engagement, we further
beg the privilege of confirming the proofs adduced
by our votes, at a free and fair election, to.be held
throughout the State on one and the same day, by
judges and clerks taken equally from both parties,
and with ample notice to all the people. In that way
the true sentiment of the registered voters can be
ascertained: which is the professed aim of the recon-
struction laws, and must be your object as a soldier
and gentleman.
Allow us to add the hope that your action on
this, our solemn protest against injustice and fraud,
and our humble petition for a redress of grievances,
will not be long delayed, especially when it is con-
sidered that the Hadieal party, in contempt of all
precedent and Jaw, and as proclaimed by them be-
fore the election, have already installed their pre-
tended Legislature and usurped by force the govern-
ment of the State.
We have the honor to be, General, your most
obedient servants. R. A. IIOWAIID.
FRANCIS A. TERRY,
R. C. NEWTON.
ARNOLD SYBERG,
L. 13. NASH.
C. 15. MOORE,
Committee.
Brevet Major General Alvan C. G-illesi,
Commanding Fourth Military District.
As will be observed, these gentlemen, who
are men of the highest character and intelli-
gence, offer to prove that the constitution was
defeated by an overwhelming majority. And
there is not a gentleman in the House who will
look into the facts sworn to who will not say
that it was so defeated. And yet in the face
of all these facts, and in the absence of all the
information which was sent to the House by
the President, and which can be obtained in a
day or so, in the absence of the constitution
itself, and in ignorance of the facts reported
by General Gillem, it is proposed to admit the
State of Arkansas to representation here, and
to swear in the men who are claiming the seats
upon the ground that a majority of the people
have voted for the constitution, when the in-
formation in the hands of the printer and the
affidavits which I have before me, only a part
of which I have had time to collate, show con-
clusively that the facts are not as stated in the
biil
Now, sir, I have not time to discuss the pro-
visions of the constitution itself. Upon the
question of education, upon the question of
taxation, upon the power given to the commis-
sioners appointed to control the election, and
upon a variety of other questions, the consti-
tution is, perhaps, the most objectionable that
yott ever saw. While they resolve in the ordi-
nance attached to the constitution as follows:
"That this convention is utterly opposed to all
amalgamation between the white and colored races,
whether the same is legitimate or illegitimate.
"We would therefore recommend that the next
General Assembly enact such laws as may effectually
prevent the same;"
they require that, the school fund, of perhaps
$1,000,000, shall be kept for schools to -which
•blacks and whites shall go together, and it com-
pels a white man, if he is unable to educate
his children otherwise, to send to the negro
schools their sons and daughters between the
. of five aud eighteen years for at least
three years. The constitution requires the
Legislature to pass such laws as will compel
them to go. Of course it will be a penal
offense if they do not go. That part of the
constitution reads thus:
" The General Assembly shall require by law that
every child of sufliciont mental and physical ability
shall attend the public schools during the period
between the ages of five and eighteen years for a
term equivalent to three years, unless educated by
other means."
Now, sir, I think this House, even now, after
the previous question is seconded, in justice to
itself, in justice to the trulh of history, should
postpone this matter aud look into it, and I
assert that you will find the facts to be as I
have stated them, and that there are in this
constitution provisions more obnoxious than
are contained in any other constitution that has
been sent up from these southern States ; pro-
visions that no one can, with proper respect for
himself, submit to as the fundamental law of
the State in which he lives.
We want time also to look into the way in which
this vote was taken. It was, as 1 have shown,
taken in great part by registrars who were them-
selves candidates for office, in violation of the
order of General Gillem and the reconstruction
laws. It was taken by men directly interested
in the result, by men who excluded from the
polls hundreds and thousands of men who were
as much qualified to vote as they were, that
allowed men, women, and children to vote to
swell up a majority in favor of the constitution.
These facts, I suppose, are to be altogether
ignored, because the polls have been so manipu-
lated as to show a majority for the constitution
which is oppressive enough to suit the views of
the majority here. Col. Tourtelotte shows that
in one of the large counties, the county of Jef-
ferson, the president of the board of registrars,
who had charge of the votes of all the precincts
in the county, instead of making the return to
the proper officer, took the ballots of the county
to Little Rock, got drunk, and kept them for
several days, and they were not forwarded till
the registrar, John A. Williams, was ordered
by General Smith to forward them ; that is the
county where these seven hundred and thirty
ballots wore found to have been cast by persons
not registered in the county, and whose names,
residences, and everything whereby they can be
traced, are unknown. The polls did not close
in Jefferson till the 28th of March, and during
the four days Williams was drunk at the radical'
headquarters at Little Rock the number of votes
necessary to make the majority for the consti-
tution safe, so as to secure the offices, was doubt-
less ascertained and provided against in part
through his ballot-boxes.
All these things appear here. Wecannofc now
tell what else is contained in the documents
communicated to the House by the President
and sent to the Government Printing Office.
But if this matter shall be postponed until
Monday we can then ascertain what is bon-
tained in those papers. By that time these
unprinted papers, now before me, can be put in
shape, so that the House can understand them.
I have done it in part now, and will continue the
work on it, if I am allowed the time. I have
not yet had time to do it, because these papers
cover two hundred pages. The facts will all _be
made to appear as 1 have stated, if the examin-
ation is made ; and I want the country to un-
derstand that this House is without excuse if
they fail to examine and understand them. Per-
haps it is the knowledge of the undeveloped
facts that makes those who know them so anx-
ious to press the bill through to-day.
I have in ray hand the letter of Hon. F. A.
Terry to General Gillem, which he sends here,
as follows:
Little Rock, Ap.kaxsas, April 22,1868.
General Gillem: Please find evidences of fraud
from Washington, Madison, Izard, White, Carroll,
Ouachita, and perhaps Woodruff counties, lucre
is no county in the State where tlicro has been no
fraud. The election was held and returns made by
registrars, pretty much all of whom were candidates
for office, depending on the success of the constitu-
tion for lucrative places. _*YVe remonstrated with
General Smith against letting candidates conduct
the ©lection, but instead of heeding our complaints
he encouraged registrars to bo candidates by altering
your order in that particular.
We have advice of affidavits having been sent us
from m.ioy counties through the post office, which
from some cause have failed to reach us. I have
made complaint before the mail agents. With timo
wo can show frauds by nearly every registrar in the
State.
Yours, J. A. TERRY.
And there are now other papers on file here
with the report of General Gillem, which I
have not time even to notice. Being printed
now, members can examine them. They show
that tremendous frauds were committed. Tiio
General himself shows that it was the '22d day
of April before he could obtain the informa-
tion from Arkansas to make up the statement
which he forwarded. If, with all the means
under his control, it took him all that time, by
special agents, telegrams, and other facilities
to get the information he has, how could it be
expected that private citizens could in a few
days, with all the officers of the election
against them, develop the frauds they knew
existed. The mails even were not free to them.
It is only wonderful that they were able with
such limited opportunities to develop as much
as they have.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I would
inquire of the Chair how much time I now
have.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has thirty-
three minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania* My col-
league [Mr. Woodward] desires twenty min-
utes' time. As we have time enough this^after-
noon to be able to give him twenty minutes
without deducting it from the hour allowed to
me, I hope the House will agree to give him
that time, and I will apportion the hour among
others.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent.
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] is entitled to the
floor for twenty minutes.
Mr. PILE. I desire to say a few words,
and I would suggest that the time for debate
on this bill be extended thirty minutes instead
of twenty minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to extending
the time one single minute for the benefit of
any gentleman who insisted upon the previous
question unless the demand for the previous
question shall be withdrawn.
Mr. WOODWARD. If the facts and cir-
cumstances which have been stated by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] will not in-
duce this House to pause and give us an oppor-
tunity to see the constitution of Arkansas in
print before we vote upon it, then they would
not be persuaded though one rose from the
dead. And I have not a word more to say on
that point.
But if we are to be driven into voting blind-
fold upon this measure, I wish to state a few
historical facts on which I expect to be contra-
dicted by no sane man in this House. It is a
fact that the State of Arkansas belonged to the
Federal Union under a constitution which was
republican in form, and it was one of the re-
publican States of these United States. It is
a fact that she repealed that ordinance of acces-
sion by which she became one of the United
States, and adopted an ordinance of secession
by which she claimed to have sjone out of the
Union. It is a fact that the Federal authori-
ties, legislative, execntivp, and judicial, have
decided and held that that ordinance of seces-
sion was void and null, and consequently that
Arkansas was never out of the Union. It is a
fact that Arkansas herself has repealed (hat
ordinance of secession, which of itself, ex pro-
pria vigore, revives her political ordinance of
accession if she, indeed, ever was out of the
Union. And thus to-day, in point of law and
in point of fact, Arkansas is within the Federal
Union as truly as she ever was.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question ?
