2396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GIjOBE
May* S>
Mr. WOODWARD. No, sir; I cannot
afford tlie time. If-the gentleman will agree
to open debate fully for my friends aroand'here
and myself I will yield.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
pardon of the gentleman for asking him to
give me back a crumb of the loaf which I gave
to him.
Mr. WOODWARD. If the gentleman will
take the-responsibility of denying any of the
facts I have stated he is at liberty to do so. I
say this: if the State of Arkansas was ever out
of the Union—and you decided long ago that
she was not—the repeal of her ordinance of
secession restores her to the Union under her
old constitution which was republican in form,
under which we always knew her, and under
which we claimed her perpetual allegiance to
the Union. Will any man stand up here to
deny any of these facts ? I trust not.
Then, sir, if these are undeniable facts,
what are we doing to-day ? We have sent an
army into Arkansas ; we have thrown open the
ballot-box to negroes and to others who wore
not voters; and by the aid of Federal bayonets
and test-oaths have excluded men who were
voters. And now you propose to recognize a
constitution, the work of those men under
Federal bayonets, as the constitution of an
existing State at all times within the Union,
having already a constitution of her own ; and
this you call "reconstruction." Mr. Speaker,
if that be reconstruction, there have been
no revolutionary, subversive, and treasonable
measures ever contemplated or perpetrated in
this qpuntry which might not be called "recon-
struction." If this be not the overturning of
a sovereign State by Federal power and the
forcing upon her of a fundamental law not oi
her own choosing, the boys in school in this
country will need to be taught the first princi-
ples of common sense; for that is the way they
will understand it; that is the way all plain
men will understand it. That is according to
the historical facts in the case.
Now, sir, at some time or other this whole
question is to be passed upon by the courts ;
and when it comes under judicial review what
will be found? Why, that the Congress of
the United States has overrun States of the
Union by the power of the Federal bayonet
and forced upon them a constitution which is
not of their choice. What may be the judicial
conclusion from these facts 1 do not know,
and do not undertake to predict; but that
these facts will bo judicially ascertained gen-
tlemen must understand is as certain to occur
as the future is to come. And how have you
done it ? Why, sir, when I had a discussion
here the other day with my colleague [Mr.
Broomali,] about the power of Congress to
force negro suffrage upon the State of Penn-
sylvania, 1 understood from several gentlemen
on the Republican side of the House that they
were as much opposed to that preposterous
proposition as I was myself; and 1 presume
they expressed their candid opinion. Now,
I ask, if you have not the right to force negro
suffrage upon the State of Pennsylvania at the
point of the bayonet, on what, principle can
you force negro suffrage upon the State of
Arkansas? These constitutions are all con-
structed upon the basis of negro suffrage—not
suffrage voluntarily conceded by the States,
a proposition which I have never combated,
but for which, on the contrary, I have always
contended ; but they are constructed upon the
basis of negro suffrage forced upon the States
by the Federal bayonets of this Government.
Will any gentleman deny that?
Now, then, if Arkansas has been in the Union
all the time—if her act of secession was null
and void, or, if being valid, it has been re-
pealed, and thus her original accession revived
by force of law—I demand by whaL authority
you march your armies into such a State and
make negroes adopt a constitution dictated
hcie in Washington? Do you suppose the
people of this country will sustain you in such
conduct'? Most assuredly they never will, if
they understand it; and my main purpose now
in stating these facts is to call public^attention
to the condition in which this House is placing
itself, forcing upon a sovereign State a fimd-
amental law in violation of that principle ot
State suffrage which we have always recog-
nized, which was so nearly conceded the other
day, when my colleague brought forward his
proposition, that in the evening, when it had
been discussed all day, he was glad to hide it
away in the tomb, not of the Capulets, but of
the Judiciary Committee; and I suppose it
will never be heard of again. Even the gen-
tleman who brought forward the proposition
did not dare to take the sense of this House
upon it. How was that proposition any worse,
or better than this? If the House is now pre-
pared to vote in favor of forcing such a mili-
tary negro constitution upon Arkansas, my
colleague will probably bring forward again
his bill to-morrow ; for the same majority will,
no doubt, bo equally ready to force a negro
constitution on every State in this Union.
Mr. Speaker, I maintain that the reasons
assigned by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] show overwhelmingly the propriety of
delaying the vote on this question. Every
consideration of public duty demands that
we should have an opportunity to see the Con-
stitution upon which we are asked to vote. If
this opportunity be denied us, then I ask gen-
tlemen to take notice that they are overrunning
an existing State, subverting it by force of
arms; and this is making war upon the State.
Now the definition given to " treason" in most
of our State constitutions is the levying of war
against the State. If this be not the levying
ol' war against the State of Arkansas I would
thank the gentleman to expound the historical
facts in some manner consistently with our
innocence. If they admit the historical facts
to which I have alluded, I say the conclusion
must result as a necessary consequence that
we are subverting government by force of
arms, by the levying of war, and that comes
up to the definition in our State constitution
of treason.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. How
much time have I left?
The SPEAKER. Thirty-three minutes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Some
gentlemen desire to have some reading done,
and I do not object. I think I can answer my
colleague very shortly. He undertakes to prove
that Arkansas has never been out of the Union,
and he then takes twenty minutes to prove
that she cannot come in. [Laughter.] I do
not understand it; and I yield now for ten min-
utes to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Paine.]
Mr. PAINE. lily colleague on the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Ueuic,] made a statement, in-
advertently I presume, which I wish to correct.
I understood him to say these votes in Pulaski
county, 'which were given in excess of the
registration in that county, were given by men
who had no certificates. That means, of course,
certificates of registration. The House will
bear-in mind that in our last amendment of
the reconstruction acts we authorized, as we
had never before authorized, men who were
registered m any county of Arkansas or the
other unreconstructed States, or in any pre-
cinct, might vote wherever they happened to be
residents at the time of and for ten days pre-
ceding the election. It appears by the report
of General Gillem, dated April 22, 1808, and
from the report of Colonel Tourtelotte of the
same date, and they both concur in the state-
ment, that these men who voted in the county
of Pulaski presented their certificates showing
that they had been registered somewhere in the
State. There is no proof that persons voted
anywhere in Arkansas, either in Pulaski county
or elsewhere, without a certificate of registra-
tion.
But it does certainly appear that in the
county of Pulaski a large number, fourteen or
fifteen hundred, voted upon certificates of regis-
tration in other counties, as thoy -were by law
entitled to vote. I frankly admit that. I will
read from the reports of General Gillem and
Colonel Tourtelotte ou this point. I will read
first from the report of Colonel Tourtelotte,
who,under orders from General Gillem, invest-
igated the alleged frauds in this election :
" The registrars of Pulaski county permitted (ex-
cept in the precinct of Ashley, where the election
was first held) all persons who presented certificates
of registration showing that they had been registered
at any precinct in the totate to vote. Ihoy allowed
manv persons to vote where certificates showed that
they were registered at other precincts and m other
counties than the county and precmct where tney
Without any doubt, fourteen or fifteen hundred
persons registered elsewhere voted m i ulaski. ine
registrars of Jefferson county pursued the same
eouise, and allowed persons, wherever registered, to
vote at any precinct where they presented them-
selves, taking no record ot the same, and only check-
ing such votes by marks upon theccrtificate ot regis-
tration which was returned to the voters.
" No fraud by registrars appears to have been in-
tended in this matter, as they allowed peisons else-
whore registered to vote only after mutual consulta-
tion and consideration of act of Congress passed
March 11,1868, but their conduct was very unfortu-
nate, as the registration law was thus virtually im-
paired."
Mr. BECK. If the gentleman will allow me
for one minute, if he will read the next; four
lines he will see that they did not require them
to take any oath, nor did they ascertain where
they resided.
Mr. PAINE. If ray friend from Kentucky
wishes- the residue of this section read, I am
sorry that he did not read it when he himself
held the floor. He now refers to certain pas-
sages relating to a different subject from ihat
which I am now discussing. But 1 will come
to it soon if I have time. I admit, of course,
that many things not required by law to be
done were not, in fact, done in that election.
General Gillem says, in his report:
"Prior to the act of Congress passed March 11,
1808, and which was promulgated in General Order
No. 14 from tho War Department, dated March 14,
1868, there was no law or order in existence permit-
ting voters registered in one county or precinct to
vote in any other county or^precinct. The act above
referred to authorizes * any person duly registered
in tho State to vote in the election district where he
offers to vote when he has resided therein for ten
days next preceding such election, upon his pre-
sentation of his certificate of registration, his affida-
vit, or other satisfactory evidence, under such regu-
lations {is the district commander may prescribe.'
"The order containing this law was not received
until after tho election, and the dispatch from the
General-in-Chief containing no intimation of this
provision, I was unaware of the existence of the law,
and therefore prescribed no regulations for persons
voting at other precincts than those in which they
registered.
"It apnears from the reportof Colonel J. E. Tour-
telotte (see Appendix C, ^o. 1, to which special
attention is invited) that the registrars in Pulaski,
Jefferson, and Washington counties, learning unoffi-
cially of this law, determined, on their own respon-
sibility, to receive the votes of persons registered in
other counties."
The fact is, Mr. Speaker, that this law which
we enacted was not put in force to any great
extent in Arkansas, and this constitution was,
as a consequence, deprived of the votes of
thousands of registered colored voters. If it
had been promulgated I have no doubt the
majority in favor of that constitution would
have been from five to ten thousand instead
of thirteen hundred. These people are. within
their own States and districts, a migratory
people, as everybody knows, and ihey were
not generally permitted to vote beeatis:e they
did not happen to reside where they were regis-
tered. But in this district where they had
learned, by telegraph or other means, that this
law was in force, they voted without any mil-
itary authority, as, ot course, they had a right
to do.
Now, General Gillem further says—and he
is a man by no means prejudiced in favor of
this constitution or its ad vocates and defenders :
"As there was no separate record kept of the nine-
ty hundred and twenty-five votes east in Pulaski
and Jelrer^on counties by persons not.iegk^tered in
those counties, taere are no means of ascertaining
whetheror not they were cast for or against the con-
stitution.
The gentleman, therefore, does not know on
which side ot the question the votes were cast
m those counties b\ the men who were regis-
tered elsewhere but voted there. They bad a
right lo vote, and .to vote for or against, the
constitution. And my friend has no more right
