3420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
they will not allow the Government to adopt
any rule of election. It is a practical rule by
which the least amount of damage to property
is done.
Mr. PRUYN. You do not pay the sufferer.
Mr. SCHENCK. Pay the sufferer for what ?
These gentlemen talk about confiscating prop-
erty ! There is no confiscation of private prop-
erty for public use. There is no property
taken for the Government. There is no con-
fiscation of property at all. As I have said,
the Government could refuse to license either
of these. It does not go to that extent. It
does not propose such a hardship as that. As
it cannot permit with safety the remaining of
two or three so pear each other it adopts the
rule of election. It does not take anything
from anybody. It refuses to concede the priv-
ilege of going on with the business under these
dangerous circumstances, as it has the perfect
right to do. It fixes a rule of election as to
which one shall remove, so that the least pos-
sible loss shall inure to any one. That is the
whole of this case.
Mr. McCORMlCK. I move to amend in
line fifty-four, after the word "revenue," by
inserting the words "an amount equal to the
damage sustained by such person as shall be
ascertained by a board of three freeholders
appointed for that purpose."
The CHAIRMAN. That must be suspended
until the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts is disposed of.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 propose to withdraw the
one already offered and submit this instead,
which I think will be what the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. McCormick] desires, and
will meet the difficulty. After the word "days,"
in line twenty-nine, I move to insert the fol-
lowing:
And the person assuming the business thereby shall,
before he is licensed, pay or satisfy the person dis-
continuing the business for his losses so occasioned
by taking his property at the appraisement.
This amendment, it seems to me, is most
clearly right. Here are two men standing
side by side, and you say to one of them,
" You must discontinue your business because
the other one is going to take it under the
law." Now, I agree that you have the power
to do this, the power to abrogate every con-
tract in the United States. You have power
to take every man's property in the United
States. It is not a question of power, but it is
a question bow shall you exercise that power.
Justly or unjustly? Having the power, then,
we come to two men side by side and say to
one of them " Sir, you stop your business and
give it to this other man." Why? Because
he wants it, and can make a profit out of it,
and has more property than you. Now, when
you say that to him, all I desire is that you
shall also say to the other man, " You shall
not do that unless you take the property of
your neighbor thus destroyed, have it ap-
praised with all the machinery, tools, and fix-
tures, together with the good will, and pay
for it."
Mr. PRUYN rose.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman rise
to oppose the amendment?
Mr. PRUYN. I will either oppose the
amendment or move to amend it by inserting
one half the amount.
Mr. LOGA.N. I object to the gentleman
speaking. I rise to oppose-the amendment.
The CHAIP^MAN. The gentleman from
Illinois is recognized, having risen to oppose
the amendment.
Mr. PRUYN. I will go on then and make
my remarks, and if I am out of order the Chair
will rule me out.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman has been
advocating it all the time.
Mr. PRUYN. There is no rule which
requires me to say in advance what position
I may take.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman who rises
to oppose an amendment has precedence to one
who rises to concur in it.
Mr. PRUYN. I simply wish to kn'ow, then,
if, after the gentleman closes his arguiaent, I
can move to amend?
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman can then
move an amendment, and the Chair will recog-
nize him.
Mr. LOGAN. I am sorry to cause any feel-
ing on the part of the gentleman. I will say
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] that the allusion on his part to the fact
that he is not governed by these large distillery
conventions, and has not been seven months
preparing these amendments, may be very
kind toward the committee. I do not say it is
not; but I will say this: that so far as the time
is concerned, although I have been with the
committee-but very little for the last three
months, I do not think that any committee
ever worked harder in this House than this
committee have done during this session. These
constant flings at their seven months' labor
may be well enough, perhaps ; but the fact
remains that the committee have done the best
they could, and that is all anybody can ask.
But to the point. So far as the crushing
out of these small distilleries is concerned the
gentleman mistakes the purpose and meaning
of this section of the liill. It certainly does
not crush out the small men. The gentleman
argues as though one distiller would crush out
another, or one rectifier another. The pro-
vision is that the distillery shall not be within
six hundred feet of the rectifying establish-
ment, or vice versa. The distilleries may be
together and the rectifying establishments may
be together. A dozen of either kind may be
together, but one of the rectifying establish-
ments shall not be close to a distillery. If the
gentleman had examined this question as thor-
oughly as the Committee of Ways and Means
has he certainly would not have felt so exas-
perated about the rights of these individuals.
Why, sir, it is the first time I ever heard that
men who have persistently and constantly
defrauded the Government for two years are
injured in their rights when you merely require
them to move their machinery away so that
frauds cannot be perpetrated.
Mr. BUTLER. You do not require them
to do it. You only require one of them to
do it.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir; and the one that
can move the most easily. That seems to be
fair.
Mr. STEWART. Will the gentleman let
me ask him a question?
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, yes.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to know what, on
investigation, the Committee of Ways and
Means find to be the fact as to the ownership
of distilleries and rectifying establishments,
and whether it is not generally the case that
they are owned by the same persons?
Mr. LOGAN. The same parties almost
always. In nine cases out of ten the man who
owns the distillery owns the rectifying estab-
lishment.
Mr. BUTLER. That does not apply to this
case.
Mr. LOGAN. Itdoes; and they are put near
each other especially for fraudulent purposes, as
the evidence shows. I will give you an instance,
and I could name the man. In New York city
there was a very large distiller who had a recti-
fying establishment close to his distillery. The
rectifying establishment was in the name of an-
other party. He distilled, I believe, six thou-
sand gallons a day, or some very large amount.
Every morning he returned two thousand gal-
lons. Well, how was it? A pipe leading
through the wall of the house into his receiving-
cistern filled the tube of the rectifying estab-
lishment, which held four thousand gallons;
and thus every night the Government was de-
frauded out of $8,000 by the distillery being
near the rectifying establishment. After a
while it was detected, and the man who had the
rectifying establishment was charged by the
distiller—because he wanted to get rid of the
charge of fraud against himself—with stealing
the whisky. And the rectifier sold out to the
other man, and left the city or disappeared.
Now, this statement was made to me by the
distiller himself, and I could give his name if
necessary. The evidence showed the facts,
and he admitted them, and said it was true.
Now, if such frauds can be perpetrated on the
Government by the proximity of the rectifying
establishment to the distillery, I ask gentlemen
if they are not ready to resort to any means
that are legal means in order to protect the
revenues of the country, and to protect the
Government against these frauds?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will have the
rule read which was enforced just now.
Mr. PRUYN. Oh, I do not question the
correctness of the ruling of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule will be read
for the information of the committee generally.
Th& Clerk read as follows :
" Where debate is closed by order of' th.e House,
any member shall be allowed, in committee, five min-
utes to explain any amendment he may offer, after
which any member who shall first obtain the floor
shall be allowed to speak five minutes in opposition
to it, and there shall be no further debate on the
amendment; but the same privilege of debate shall
be allowed in favor of and against any amendment
that may be offered to tho amendment."
Mr. PRUYN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the words which relate
to pecuniary damages the words "three fourths
of the amount;" and I wish to speak to that
proposition.
Mr. Chairman, I have frequently in con-
versation with members of this House and in
private circles admitted the great ability of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and the facility he possesses in placing
before this House, in the strongest and clearest
manner, his views on any subject which he pre-
sents to it. On this occasion he has attempted
to elude the great principle involved in this
discussion, but I want to hold him to it and
make him respond to it. Now, sir, in the fifth
of the amendments to the Constitution of the
United States there is this provision: "Nor
shall private property be taken for public uses
without just compensation." Now, whether
we actually take possession of the property, or
say to the man that he shall not use it for the
purpose for which it is designed, no matter
which, he suffers a damage for which the Con-
stitution intended he should be compensated.
The case mentioned here of a Mr. Travis,
one of the most highly respectable and honor-
able men engaged in the distillation and recti-
fying of spirits, is not the case now before us.
As I understand it, Mr. Travis owned both
establishments, and he was put to his election
whether he would use the one-orthe other,
and he chose the greater establishment.
But here,' it strikes me, is a clear ease where
a man's property is virtually taken away from
him for the public good—for that is the de-
clared object of this provision—for the benefit
of the public Treasury, and to secure the col-
lection of the largest amount of revenue from
this business. Fortbatpurposeyou takeaway
from the owner of the smaller establishment
the benefit to be derived from his business, in
a measure confiscating it, and let the laiger
owner use his property as he pleases, without
compensating the former in any way. I hold
that a measure of this kind is unconstitutional,
arbitrary, and unnecessary. I say nothiugabout
this matter of two hundred feet or five hun-
dred feet or a thousand feet; I do not care any-
thing about that. Let the Committee of Ways
: and Means settle that matter as they please.
' But I beg them not to invade private rights in
a manner not warranted by the Constitution.
; Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman 
! Mr. MULLINS. I rise to a point of order..
1 The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
' his point of order.
Mr. MULLINS. Therule emphatically states
that whoever addresses the Chair first shall be
entitled to the floor. Now, 1 rose to speak in
: opposition to the amend meat of thegentleman
I from New York, [Mr. Prcyx.]
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was ad-
