1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2397
to assert that these fifteen hundred votes were
in fact cast for the constitution than I have to
assert that they were cast against it. Nor has
he any proof that, however cast, they were ille-
gal votes.
General Gillem adds:
"And, therefore, if the reception of these votes_by
the registrars under a law, the existence of which
they had no legal notification, is held not to invali-
date the election in the two counties above named,
the constitution appears to have been adopted by a
majority of thirteen hundred and sixteen."
Tims General Gillem sums up and closes the
whole case. It is his last report, and he de-
clares that if the election in those counties is
not invalidated by the mere fact that he did not
officially communicate to them the information
that this law had passed and become bkiding
upon them, then the official majority forthe con-
stitution is thirteen hundred and sixteen. This
covers the whole ground. This act was an act
of Congress and took effect from its passage.
General Gillem might in some details regulate
but could not prevent its operation.
He farther states:
" Each paity charges the other with frauds, those
opposed to the constitution asserting that a largo
number of the votes cast in Pulaski, Jefferson, and
Washington counties were by unauthorized persons,
and in some iastances that the same persons were
permitted to vote several times. Those in favor of
the constitution charge that force and intimidation
were used to prevent legal voters trom attending
the polls, and that in one instance—that of Union
county—armed parties were stationed on the roads
for that purpose."
I have not time to read the evidence on
this point. I will now refer to the report of
Colonel Tourtelotte. After speaking of par-
ticular complaints, one of which was that "In
Jefferson county a woman voted for constitu-
tion, presenting the certificate of registration
of her husband, who was in jail," which is
the only instance given to sustahi the assertion
of the gentleman from Kentucky that women
were permitted to vote at this election, and
which, for all we know, may have been one
of the numerous instances in which rebels im-
prisoned colored men, on frivolous charges,
to defraud them of their votes. Colonel Tour-
telotte says:
" The remainder of the affidavits received contain
matters of hearsay and secondary evidence, which
if untrue conlit not be used as foundation for a charge
of perjury, and which, true or untrue, cannot as they
are be taken to change the result of election. Be-
sides these affidavits must be suspected when in some
cases the original and direct testimony might have
been produced. There is in Arkansas much interest
in the election, and wagers to considerable amount
arc ponding the announcement of the res«lt. It is
understood that returns show the constitution
adopted, a.nd the opponents thereof are very anxious
to defeat it.
" To this end they premise that the constitution
was adopted through fraud, and are now searching
throughout the State for proof. Evidence thus, and
for such purpose, obtained must certainly be sus-
pected. It would have appeared much better if they
had asserted fraud upon proof iirst obtained. Many
respectable persons charge fraud and promise the
proof, but admit they do not now know the facts
which will bo proven, and base their statements upon
the fact that most of the commissioners of election
were interested for the constitution, and many ot
them personally interested."
Now, one word as to this complaint that regis-
trars were, in some cases, candidates for office.
In his report Colonel Tourtelotte says :
" Registrars were candidates for office by virtue of
permission of General Smith, commanding sub-dis-
trictof Arkansas, copy of which permission is here-
with respectfully transmitted."
1 am informed—I cannot state it of my own
knowledge, but I do state it upon information
and belief—that at none of the polls where
the candidates for office were voted for was
any candidate a registrar. It must be remem-
bered that there were two sets of polls or vot-
ing places. At one of these the elections were
held under the reconstruction laws for the rati-
fication or rejection of the constitution. At
the other, elections were held under the con-
stitution itself, at which the registered voters
voted for or against the constitution, and also
at the same time for the various civil officers
provided for by the constitution. So there
were two boards, and I am informed by gen-
tlemen from that State that there was no regis-
trar on any of the boards of the latter class
who was a candidate for office.
One word further from the report of Colonel !
Tourtelotte: j
"I further beg leave to state that I do not think \
the persons who have charged fraud in this said elee- j
tioii have confidence in being able to prove it to the i
extent charged, and I believe said persons manifest ;
an inclination to trifle with the military authorities." i
This is from a man who, I am informed, was :
not a member of the Republican party, but
who sympathized with our opponents. 1 be- i
lieve we may take his report as a fair report '
of the result of that election.
[Here the hammer fell.] j
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now '
yield ten minutes to the gentleman from Mis- I
souri, [Mr. Pile.] j
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, quite a number '
of gentlemen, on each side of the House, say
that they have not seen the constitution of the
State of Arkansas, that they have not received ]
it through the mail; or, if they have, itnasbeen j
thrown aside, as many such pamphlets are '
thrown aside, and they have not examined it.
As the best argument which can be made in
answer to those who object to the constitution
1 send to the Clerk's desk that constitution
and ask liirn to read the articles which I have
marked.
Mr. SPALDING. Before that is done, I
ask the gentleman if he will not advert for a
moment to the proviso to the first section of
the bill. We are not so much troubled about
the admission of Arkansas under this consti-
tution, bat there is a proviso here that the con-
stitution of Arkansas shall never be changed.
I would like to have the gentleman expound
that, for we feel a want of power in Congress
to attach that proviso.
Mr. PILE. I leave that to the gentleman
who has charge of the bill. I do not intend to
discuss that feature of the bill, but only to an-
swer the objection to the constitution based on
the fact that gentlemen have notjseen it, and
do not know its provisions. I ask to have read
the Bill of Rights, the article on the subject of
franchise, and the article on the subject of
education. These embrace the main features
of the constitution, and are the provisions
which have been specially attacked by those
who have spoken against the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Preamble.
We, the people of Arkansas, grateful to God for
our civil and religious liberty, and desiring to per-
petuate its blessings andsecuro the same to omselves
and our posterity, do ordain and establish this con-
stitution :
article i.
Hill of Rights.
Section 1. All political power is inherent in the
people. Government is instituted for the protection,
security, and benefit of the people, and they have the
right to altor or reform the same whenever the pub-
lie may require it. But the paramount allegiance of
every citizen is due to the Federal Government in the
exercise of all its constitutional powers as the same
may have been or may be defined by the Supreme
Court of the United States; and no power exists in
the people of this or any other State of the federal
Union to dissolve their connection therewith or per-
f ,rm any act tending to impair, subvert, or resist the
supreme authority of the United States. JLhc Con-
stitution of the United States confers full powers on
the federal Government to maintain and perpetuate
its existence, and whensoever any portion of the
States, or the people thereof, attempt to secede from
the ledeial Union, or forcibly resist the execution
of its laws, the Federal Government may, by wairant
of the Constitution, employ armed force in compel-
ling obedience to its authority.
Sec. 2. Thclibertyof tho press shall forcrer remain
inviolate. The free communication of tnoughts and
opinions is one of the invaluable rights of man, and
all persons may freely speak, write, and pu blish th eir j
sentiments on all subjects, being responsible for the
abuse of such right. Inalicrimma! prosecutions for
libel, the truth may be given in evidence to the j ury,
and if it shall appear to the jury that the matter
charged as libelous is true, ami was published with
good motives and for justifiable ends, the paivy shall
be acquitted. „ „ i_ /■ *1 i
Sec. 3. The equality of all persons before the Lw
is recognizcd and shall ever remain inviolate; nor
shall any ever be deprived of any rignt, privilege, or
immunity, nor exempted from any burden or duty
on account of race, color, or previous condition.
Sec, 4. The citizens have a right,,m a peaceable
manner, to assemble together for their common good,
to instruct their representatives and to petition tor
the redress of grievances and other proper purposes.
Sec. 5. The citizens of this State shall have the
right to keep and bear arms for their common de-
fense.
Sec. 6. The right of trial by j ary shall remain in-
vioiate and sliaii extend to all cases at law without
regard to the amount in controversy; but a jury trial
may be waived by the pailiesin all cases in theman-
ner prescribed by law.
Seo. 7. Excessive bail shall not be required, nor
shall excessive lines be imposed, nor shall cruel nor
unusual punishments bo mlhetcd, nor witnesses be
unreasonably detained.
Sec. 8. In ail criminal prosecutions the accused
shall enjoy the right to a speedy and puolic trial by
an impartial jury of the county or judicial district
wherein theenme shall have been committed, which
county or district shall have been previously ascer-
tained by law, and to be informed of the nature and
cause ot the accusation against him; to have com-
pulsory process lor obtaining witnesses in hi? favor;
and to have the assistance of counsel in his defense.
Sec. 9. No person shall be held to answer a crimi-
nal offense unless on the presentment or indictment
of a grand jury, except m cases of impeachment, or
in casus ot petit larceny, assault, assault and bat-
tery. affray, vain an< y, and such other minor eases as
the General Assembly shall make cognizable by jus-
tices of the peace, or arising in the Army or Navy of
the United States, or in the militia when in actual
service m time of war or public danger; and no per-
son, alter having bpen oncc acquitted by a jury, for
the same offense, shall be again put in jeopardy of
life or liberty; but if, in any criminal prosecution,
the jury he divided in opinion, the court before which
themalshall beliad may, in its discretion,discharge
the jury and commit or bail the accuscd for trial at
the same or the next term of said court; nor shall
any person bo compelled in any criminal case to be
witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, lib-
erty, or propeity without due process of law. All
pcisons shall, before conviction, be bailable by suf-
ficient sureties, except for capitaloflenses, murder
and treason, when the proof is evident or the^pre-
sumption great; and the privilege of the writ of
habeas counts shall not be suspended unless when in
eases of rebellion or invasion the public safety may
require.
Sec. 10. Every person is entitled to a certain
remedy in the laws for all injuries or wrongs which
lie may receive in his person, property, or character;
he ought to obtain justice freely, and-without pur-
chase; completely, and without denial; promptly,
and without delay; conformably to the laws.
Skc. 11. Treason against the Stale shall only con-
sist in levying war against the same or in adhering
to its enemies, giving them aid and comfort. No
person shall be convicted of treason unless on the
tea&mony of two witnesses to the same overt act or
on confession in open court.
Sec. 12. The right of the people to be secure in
their persons, houses, papers, and effects against un-
reasonable searches and seizures shall not be vio-
lated, and no warrant shall issue but upon probable
cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and par-
ticularly describing the place to be searched and tho
person or things to be seized.
Sec. lo. No bill of attainder or ex post fac-to law,
nor any law impairing the obligation of contracts,
shall ever be passed; and no conviction shall work
corruption of blood or forfeiture of estate.
Sec. 14. No person shall bo imprisoned for debt in
this Stale ; but this shall not prevent the General
Assembly from piovidmg for imprisonment or hold-
ing to bail persons charged with fraud in cbntracting
said debt. A reasonable amount of property shall
be exempt from seizure or sale for tho payment of
debts or liabilities.
Skc. 15. Private property shall not be taken for
public use without just compensation therefor.
Sec. 1(5. The military shall be subordinate to tho
civil power. No standing army shall be kept up in
this State in time ot peace; and no soldier shall, m
time of peace, be quartered in any house without tho
consent of tho owner, nor in time of war but in a
manner prescribed by law.
Sec. IT. Suits may be In ought against the State in
such manner and in such courts as may be by law
provided.
Sec. 18. The General Assembly shall not grant to
any citizen or class of citizens privileges or immu-
nities which, upon the same terms, shall not equally
belong to all citizens.
bee. ly. Tho right of suffrage shall be protected by
laws regulating elections, and prohibiting, under ad-
equate penalties all undue influence from bribery,
tumult, or other improper conduct.
Sec. -0. Foicigncrs who aie or may become bona
fide residents ot this State shall be secured the same
rights in respect to the acquisition, possession, en-
joyment, and descent of pioperty as arc secured to
native-born citizen.
Sec. 21. No re «,ious test or amount of property
shall ever be required as a qualification for an> office
of public tru-t undei tho State. No religious test or
amount of pi operty shall ever be required as a quali-
fication of any voter at any election in this Slate;
nor shall any person be rendered incompetent to give
evidence in any court of law or equity in eonscqucnce
of his opinion upon the subject of religion, and the
mode of administering an cath or affirmation shall
be such as shall be most consistent with, and binding
upon,the conseienceof tho poison to whom such oath
or affirmation may be administered.
Sec. 22. Any person who shall, after the adoption
of this constitution, fight a duel oi send or accept a
challenge for that purpose, or be aider or abettor in
fighting a duel, either within this State or elsewhere,
shall thereby be deprived of the right of holding any
office of honor or profit in this State, and thail bo
forever disqualified from voting at any election, and
shall be punished otherwise in such manner as may
be prescribed by law.
Sec. 23. lleligion, morality, and knowledge being
essential to good government, tho General Assembly
