1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1873
into the hands of the President, what is the
President practically to do with the bill? Con-
gress evidently has not adjourned; Congress is
in session ; but the body in which the bill ori-
ginated is not in session for that day. The
Constitution, as I thought, made no pfovision
for a case like that, and I thought it was proper
for Congress, if 1 may so express it, to execute
the Constitution in that regard aud give it prac-
tical force and moaning.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the Senator. I
have not formed an opinion upon that point.
It is one of very great difficulty with me, and
always has been, and I have not yet formed an
opinion upon it. But here is a feature of the
bill to which I have a decided objection and
upon which I have an opinion :
"And if at any time within the aforesaid ten days
the President shall desire to return a bill to the llouse
in which it originated, or to send a message to such
House that he has signed the same when such House
is not sitting, it &hal! be lawful for him to return such
bili or send such message to theoliie&of theSecretary
of the Senate or clerk of the House of Representa-
tives, as the case maybe, and such Secretary or Clerk
shall indorse thereon tho day on which such return
shall be made or such message received, and mako
entry of the fact of such luturu or the receipt of such
message in his Journal of the proceedings; and sucli
return or sending of such message, as aioresnid, shall
be deemed and taken to be a return of such bill to tho
House in which it originated, or ft sending of such
message to such House, to all intents and puiposes."
1 believe that that is an innovation upon the
Constitution. I believe it is not competent
for Congress to pass a bill directing that that
shall be the mode in which the President shall
return a bill with his veto. Here is the pro-
vision of the Constitution :
" Every bill which shall have passed tho House of
Representatives and tho Senate shall, bcfoie it be-
comes a law, be presented to the President of tho
United States; if he approve he shall sign it; but if
not he shall return it with his objections to that House
in which it shall have originated."
He shall return it '' to that House." Now,
is the direction of this bill, that a bill vetoed by
the President shall be returned to the Secre-
tary of the Senate in liis officc or to the Clerk
of the House, a return of that bill to the House
in which it originated aecoiding to the demand
of the Constitution? In my judgment, it is
not. I think it is the duty of tho President,
in the plain language of the Constitution, to
return the bill, not to the Secretary or Clerk
of either House, but to the House itself. That
is the unambiguous and plain language of the
Constitution. Then the question is, what is
returning the bill to the House? It is returning
it to the Senate or the House of Representa-
tives in session, because when it is returned it
is to be at once considered again. The Con-
stitution contemplates that simultaneously with
the return of the bill to the House in which it
originated the House may take up the matter
for consideration. But, sir, I think there can-
not be any doubt whatever as to the effect of
the language. The language is, that the bill
shall be returned to the House in which it
originated. I take the position that to return
the bill to the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, if it originated there, or to the Sec-
retary of the Senate, if it originated in the
Senate, when those bodies are not in session,
is nota returnof the bili to the House in which
it originated. L think the matter deserves
more consideration.
Mr. DOOLI'fl'LE. If my honorable friend
will allow me, as this bill is leading to discus-
sion, 1 will ask that it be laid over for the pur-
pose of taking up tho subject on which I wish
to address the Senate, the morning hour hav-
ing expired.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the Senator's
motion is put, I wish to make one remark lest
I may have been misunderstood in the state-
ment I made at lirst. 1 do not wish to be
understood as saying that this bill makes valid j
the bill to which I referred, but that this bill j
rests upon such a construction of the Consti-
tution as, I think, will probably have that
effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think I must ask the
Senate to go on with the consideration of this
measure, it is a matter of a good deal of
practical importance, and this very question
has been considered by the Senate in various
ways at several times, and I perceive that my
friend from Kentucky is very familiar with the'
subject already. 1 hope the Senate-will go on
with it until it is finished.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I ask the Senate to lay
this bill aside and to take up the bill (H. R.
No. 439) additional and supplementary to an
act entitled "'An act to provide for the more effi-
cient government of the ri^jel States," passed
March 2, 1857, and the acts supplementary
thereto, for the purpose of enabling me to
address the Senate on that subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin moves to postpone the
present and all prior orders for tho purpose of
taking up the bill mentioned by him.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that motion is put,
I should like to have the attention of my friend
from Vermont  
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have a vote on
this motion and vote it down.
Mr. S UMN ER. If it is understood that the
motion of the Senator from Wisconsin will not
be agreed to 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I make the motion for
the purpose of my being allowed to address
the Senate on that subject, according to what
I supposed was the understanding ot the Sen-
ate on Saturday.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection. I
wish merely to make a remark on the pending
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can-
not be done in ordei, pending the motion to
take up the other bili.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the other biU will
not be taken up until this one is put at least in
frame for a vote. I think we had better come
to a conclusion on the ponding bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 support this hill; yet
I think when two or three Senators say they
wish to examine it, and as it is evidently an
important one, it ought to lie over until to-
morrow. There will be no difficulty in taking
it up at that time. I say this as a friend of the
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to know whether, in
the opinion ol the Senator from Vermont, the
bill now before us is applicable to the bill that
has already twice passed this Congress, but
which'lias failed down to the present moment
to becomo a law because it has not been re-
turned to the House in which it originated by
the President. I wish to know whether tlis
bill covers that case. Reading the section, it
seems to me at least doubtful. The section in
question is as follows:
ISec. 2. And be it farther cnacte-d. That every bill
which, having passed both llous.es ot tJongre^and
having been presented to the Piesident as provided
in the Constitution, shall not have been retumedby
tho President with his objections thereto to lhat
IIouso m whic-h it originated withm the tinie herein
defined and declared, shall be a law ; and it shall bo
the duty oi the President m such «at>o immediately
to deliver Such bill, so having become a law, to the
Sec.retarv of fctate, who shall receive and proceed
with the same in the same manner as may bo pro-
vided by law lor bills binned by the Pie.sident, and to
ceitny thereon, and inthepioinulgatioii thereof, that
such bill has become a law ibr tiie cause aiorcsaid.
Now, on this section 1 have to remark—I
may be mistaken, but it is for that point that 1
wish to direct the attention of my friend—it
seems to be prospective in its operation; it
is not retroactive. It leaves, theielore, the
bills that have already passed this Congress in
statu quo, if J may so say. It does not give
them the betielit ot this act. I submit to my
friend whether it would not be expedient while
legislating on the subject to remove all doubt
by adding a clause something in these words:
It being understood that this section is applicable
to any biit already parsed by both Houses oi the
present (Jongie^s and not returned by the Pi c.-iucnt
with ins objections thereto.
' Such an addition as that would remove all
grouud of doubt. The bill lor the lurther
security of equal rights in the District of Co-
lumbia would then become one of the acknowl-
edged statutes of the land. \V ithout some such
provision I fear that we should have to pro-
ceed still further; reeriact it again; go through
the same process which we have already gone
through twice before. I wish to supersede
that. I should like to know the view that my
friend takes upon this point, and whether, in
his opinion, there is any objection to adding to
that section the words which I propose, or
something equivalent thereto.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill mentioned by tho
Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That being tho question
I do not know whether the merits of this bill
are under debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They are
not under debate strictly, the motion being to
take up another bill; but the Chair cannot
decide what arguments are pertinent On such a
motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suppose the proper
form would be " to postpone this and all prior
orders," and stop there.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That is the
motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will only say, therefore,
with the unanimous consent of the Senate, to
my friend from Massachusetts, that the com-
mittee, all of them, thought that the bill to
which he refers is already the law, and that it
is the duty of the Secretary of State to receive
it and put it on the flies, and if he does not he
is subject to punishment. I will not enlarge
on the reasons now, because it is said to be out
of order. I will say now on the pending mo-
tion, that of postponement, that the appeal of
my friend from Indiana, my brother on tho
committee, is too strong for me to resist, and
I, for one, shall not object to this bill going
over in order that Senators who have objections
to it may bo heard.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho ques-
tion is on postponing this bill and all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the bill
mentioned.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inquire if that is
House bill No. 214? What bill is it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. House bill No. 439 is
the one I move to take up, and upon that I
desire to reply to Senators who have referred
to me in the course of the debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has the Senator any
objection to our taking up House bill No. 214
and acting upon it, and then taking up the bill
to which he refers?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I propose to go on now
and speak on that bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I take it there will not
be likely to be any discussion on House bill
No. 21-1. The Senator from Kentucky spoke
at great length while that bill was up a day or
two ago, but we all know his speech was upon
the general subject of reconstruction.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It will not make a very
material difference to me whether bill No. 214
or bill No. 439 is taken up. I shall move the
same amendment to bill No. 214.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not the Senator will-
ing that we should act on that at this time and
dispose of it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I propose to speak at
this time. I proposed to do so on Saturday.
I came prepared to speak on the question this
morning, and I can speak on that bill if the
Senator prefers that that bill should be before
tlio iScnritc.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator did not un-
derstand inc. What I prefer is to take up bill
No. 214 and get it out of the way, and then.let
tho Senator from Wisconsin make his speech.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to my hon-
orable friend that it will be impossible to dis-
pose of that bill without some discussion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware that
anybody wanted to discuss the features of that
bil!-
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
eonsm.
The motion was agreed to.
SUPPLEMENTARY BKCOXSTIiCCTION DILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 439) additional aud sup-
