1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dressed simultaneously by the gentjeman from
Tennessee [Mr. Mullins] and the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswokth,] and hap-
pened to recognize the gentleman from Illinois
as entitled to the floor to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Pruyn.] The Chair will endeavor to assign
the floor to the gentleman from Tennessee at
some future time.
Mr. ]?ARNSWORTH. I desire to oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York. If I could, I would move to strike out
all but the first sentence of this section. It
seems to me we can dispense with all this ma-
chinery and detail in regard to who shall buy
out the other, by simply refusing to license
either party, where there are two establish-
ments within six hundred feet of each other.
I think we can compromise upon that without
attempting to provide how A shall buy out B
or B shall buy out A.
Mr. PRUYN. I think the act will be held
to be unconstitutional if we pass it. I with-
draw my amendment to the amendment.
The question recurred upon fhe amendment
of Mr. Bctler, to strike out "six hundred
feet" and insert "two hundred feet."
Mr. B UTLER. I will withdraw that amend-
ment for the purpose of allowing the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to offer an
amendment.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I move to amend this
section by striking out the following:
Authorized to be used for rectifying, nor shall any
assessor assess or collector collect any special tax for
rectifying distilled spirits on any premises distant
less than six hundred teet frotn any author zed dis-
tillery. "Wherever, at the date of the passage of this
set, any rectifying establishment shall exist within
six hundred teet of any distillery, the machinery,
tools, implements, and apparatus for carrying on the
business of rectifying and of distilling, respectively,
shall be appraised in such manner as the Commis-
sioner of Internal R-evenue may prescribe, and the
assei j«i bliall immediately notify the distiller or rec-
tifier, havmgtlie leastamountinvestedin machinery,
tools, implements, and apparatus, that his business
of distilling or rectifying, as the case may be, must
be discontinued at such place within thirty days;
and it any distiller or rectifier shall fail to discon-
tinue such business on the premises within thirty
days alter the receipt of such notice, he shall be liable
to ail penalties, forfeitures, and punishments in-
curred tor carrying on the business of a distiller or
rectifier without having paid the special tax required
by law.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Used for rectifying. Nor shall any assessor assess
or collector collect any special tax for reetilying
distilled spirits on any premises distant less than
six hundred feet from any distillery, when the dis-
tillery and rectifying establishment are occupied and
used by different persons. But.
Mr. PRUYN. That will exempt them from
all tax.
Mr. SCHENCK. No; the section will con-
tinue, after the amendment, as follows :
But in all eases where a distillery and rectifying
establishment, distant the one from the other less
than six hundred feet, are occupied by the same p er-
son, said person shall have a right to elect which
business shall be discontinued at that place, &c.
My object by this amendment is to estab-
lish no principle of election between two per-
sons, but to leave them to work out the diffi-;
culty between themselves; so that neither of
them shall be permitted, by special tax or
license, to distill or rectify while the establish-
ments are so situated. Of course, if either
of them should rectify or distill withouta spe-
cial tax or license, he would be subject to all
the penalties for illicit distillation or illicit
rectifying. I propose this amendment now,
intending to withdraw it when I shall have
made an explanation. If it shall be the pleas-
ure of the Committee of the Whole to make
the change proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] I shall then
offer a complete modification of the section.
I prefer, iiowever, that the section shall-stand
as it is. I believe that the rule of election which
it. proposes is not a bad one ; 1 believe it is not,
in its operation, an unjust one; and. stupid as
I may be, I cannot for my life see how it in
any way takes private property for public uses.
We do not propose to take anybody's property.
We simply propose that where there aro two
establishments which cannot both be licensed
a rule of election shall be established by which
one may be licensed. But we take nothing
from either. Where a choice must be made we
decline to give to one the advantage of carry-
ing on the business. That is the whole of it.
One word further. It has been frequently
said that this section proposes a discrimination
in favor of the large rectifiers and the large
distillers as against those engaged in the busi-
ness in a smaller way—the poor men. Well, sir,
they are none of them entitled to any partic-
ular sympathy.
Mr. INGERSOLL. They have rights of
property.
Mr. SpiIENCK. Yes; and we do not pro-
pose to interfere with their rights of property.
Notwithstanding all thegentleman's knowledge
of the law, I insist on that. But when gentle-
men talk about the section having been put in
its present form because these large operators
had the ear of the Committee of Ways and
Means, I say once for all, for myself and the
committee, that we scorn all such insinuations
as unfit to be replied to. The committee has
in this, as in other things, attempted to do its
duty according to the best information it could
obtain; and neither big distillers nor little dis-
tillers, big rectifiers nor little rectifiers, have
had the ear or the influence of the committee
or been favored in one way or another. We
have tried to keep them all in subordination to
the law, so far as we could frame provisions for
that purpose. I give notice that I shall not
reply hereafter to any such mean insinuations,
for 1 consider them unworthy to be replied to.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sckexck] withdraw his amendment
or let it stand ?
Mr. SCHENCTf. I withdraw it that a vote
may be taken on the other proposition. If that
be adopted, I shall propose a modification of
the whole section. As I have already said, I
prefer the section as reported by the commit-
tee. If that should not receive the approval
of the Committee of the Whole, 1 shall then
offer an amendment taking away any election
between these parties, leaving them to determ-
ine between themselves which of them shall
go on.
Mr. BUTLER. Can the gentleman from
Ohio withdraw his amendment after I have
taken the floor for the purpose of discussing it?
The CHAIRMAN. It cannot be withdrawn
if objection is made.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not desire to prevent
the gentleman from discussing it, and I will
not withdraw the amendment at present.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Chairman, I did not
oppose this amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio before, because 1 was willing that there
should be no election made by law in favor of
one man and against another ; and I thought
the gentleman from Ohio had come to the con-
clusion to settle this matter in that way, so that
in the case of two men, doing business side
by side, equally good or equally bad, Congress
should not legislate the establishment of one
out of existence for the benefit of the other.
I think that a fair proposition ; and I trust we
shall have a vote on the gentleman's amend-
ment.
Mr. Chairman, I sat here yesterday with
great patience during the half hour's lecture
which the gentleman from Ohio administered
to the majority of the House. We took that
lecture with good nature. We recognize the
right of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to scold us. But now he
proposes to commence again, and talks about
•' mean insinuations." Why, sir, I never said
a word about the large rectifiers until their
resolutions were produced here by the commit-
tee in justification of the provisions of their bill.
The resolutions of a convention of the large
rectifiers were produced hero as a justification
of fixing the distance at six hundred feet: and
it. happened that that convention and the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means got exactly to-
gether—as to the proper distance—to a foot;
ay, to an inch ; ay, to a quarter of an inch.
That seemed to be a little difficult to do. It
can happen only once in six hundred times at
least. It did happen, however. These large
distillers aud these large rectifiers in their
convention agreed with our friends on the
Committee of Ways and Means precisely.
That, of course, was entirely accidental. I
never thought of it until they produced it here.
They show where they got their system. I am
willing to let the distance be twelve hundred
feet if they will allow fair play, the little and
big to stand as equals before the law, a princi-
ple for which I have been fighting for the last
five years.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts a question.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. JEiAUM. I wish at the proper time to
move a proviso.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I understand the gentle-
man from Ohio does not persist in the amend-
ment which he proposes. My colleague with-
draws his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to the with-
drawal of the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Then I move to strike
out the last word.
Mr. Chairman, my object is to say to the
committee, it seems to me, on the whole, if it
be necessary to establish a rule that there
should not be a distillery and rectifying estab-
lishment within six hundred feet of each other,
and I assume that to be so on the evidence
submitted to us, I think it wise not to under-
take to decide by law who shall have the busi-
ness. It is clear we may say by law when a dis-
tillery and a rectifying establishment are found
within six hundred feet of each other, owned
and kept by the same persons, that they shall
not be licensed, but I doubt the wisdom of
saying the property of one of these persons
shall go to the benefit of the other; that he
shall have no benefit of it and the other shall
go on. Leave them to settle the matter for
themselves. They will agree the distillery
shall have the place of the rectifying establish-
ment, or the rectifying establishment shall
have the place of the distillery. If not, some-
body else will do the business and pay the Gov-
ernment the revenue to be derived from this
tax. I think it is entirely safe to say when
they are within six hundred feet of each other
they shall not be licensed. I understand the
gentleman from Ohio has withdrawn his amend-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Iobjected to its being
withdrawn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am willing to take the
amendment, if I cannot get the bill.
Mr. BOUTWELL. With all deference to the
gentleman I think the amendment is best. I
withdraw my pro forma amendment. #
Mr. RAUM. I move the following :
Strike out the word " but" and insert:
And in all cases where the owners of the distillery
and rectifying establishments thus situated shall
join in an application for the assessment of a speeial
tax on one of such establishments, then it shall be
lawful for the proper assessor to assess the same, and
it shall be lawful in such ease for such establishment
to be operated under the provisions of this act; and.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARDING. I .move the following
amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio :
Promded, This act shall not be taken to prohibit
the producing of alcohol in a distillery by primary
continuous distillation.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order at this point.
Mr. PAINE. I move an amendment to the
amendment to come in at that portion of the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio which
|j is copied from the section and which forbids
j] an assessor to assess and a collector to col-
; lect, &c. :
iSTor shall the processes of distillation arid
cation bo both carried* on within a distance oi SIX
hundred feet.
The amendment was agreed to.
