340
SUPPLEMENT TO
heard during the debates of the last two Con-
gresses ; but that is not the feeling or the judg-
ment of the people ; and this in their eyes, in
the eyes of foreign nations, in the eyes of the
enlightened opinion of mankind is the trial of
the Constitution, not merely in that inferior
sense of the determination whether its powers
accorded to one branch or other of the Gov-
ernment have this or thatscope and impression
and force, but whether a Government of a
written constitution can maintain itself in the
forces prescribed and attributed by the funda-
mental law, or whether the immense passions
and interests of a wealthy and powerful and
populous nation will force asunder all the
bonds of the Constitution, and in the struggle
of strength and weight the natural forces, un-
curbed by the supreme reason of the State,
will determine the success of one and the
subjection of the other.
Now, Senators, let us see to it that in this
trial and in this controversy we understand
■what is at stake and what is tQ be determined.
Let us see to it that we play our part as it
should be played and under the motives and
for the interests that should control statesmen
and judges. If, indeed, this, our closely cinc-
tured Liberty, is at last to loosen her zone and
her stern monitor, Law, debauched and drunken
with this new wine of opinion that is crushed
daily from ten thousand presses throughout
this land, is to withdraw its guardianship, let
us be counted with those who with averted eye
and reverent step backward seek to veil this
shameless revelry, and not with those who exult
and cheer at its excesses. Let us so act as that
what we do and what we purpose and what
we wish shall be to build up the State, to give
liew stability to the forces of the Government,
to cure the rash passions of the people, so
that it may bo said of each 0110 of us, ad Uem-
publivam Jirmandam ct ad slabilicntlax rirex
et savandttm populum omnia ejus puiyebal
institutlo.
Thus acting, thus supported, doubt not the
result shall bo in accord with these high aspi-
rations, these noble impulses, these exalted
duties; and whether or 110 the forces of this
Government shall feel the shock of this special
jurisdiction in obedience to law, to evidence,
to justice, to duty, then you will have built up
the Government, amplified ils authority, and
taught the people renewed homage to authority.
And now, this brings mo, Mr. Chief .Justice
and Senators, to an inquiry asked very early
in this cause with emphasis and discussed with
force, with learning, and with persistence, and
that is, is this a court? I must confess that 1
have heard defendants arguing that they were
coram nun judice before somebody that was
not a judge, but 1 never heard till now of a
plaintiif or a prosecutor coming in and arguing
that there was not any court, tiiat, his ease was
coram non judice. Nobody is wiser than the
intrepid Manager who assumed the liest assault
upon this court, and he know that the only
way he could prevent his cause from being
turned out of court, was to turn the court out
of his cause, [laughter;] and if the expedient
succeeds his wisdom will bo justified by the
result, and yet it would be a novelty. It is
Said:
"There is no wont in the Constitution which gives
the slightest coloring to the idea thatnhis is a emui,
except that in this particular ease the (Jhiel J usuce
must preside."
So that the Chief .Justice's gown is the only
shred or patch of justice that there is within
these Halls ; and it is only accidentally that that
is here owing to the peculiar character of the
inculpated defendant.
"This is a Senate to hold an inquest of olliec upon
Andrew Johnson."
And I suppose, therefore, to find a ver-
dict of " otlice found. " Certainly, it is sought
for. I have not observed in 30111- iule that
each Senator is to rise in his place and say
" office found, " or'■ otlice not found. " Ptob-
ably every Senator dues not expect to find it.
Your rules, your Constitution, your habit,
your etiquette call it a court, assume that there
is some procedure hero of i\ judicial nature;
and we found out finally 011 our side of this
controversy that it was so much of a court at
least that we could not put a leading question
in it; and that is about the extreme exercise
of the authority of a court in regard to the con-
duct of procedure that we lawyers habitually
discover.
The Constitution, as has been pointed out
to you, makes this a court; it makes its pro-
ceeding a trial; it assigns a judgment; it
accords a power of punishment to its proced-
ure ; and it provides that a jury in all judicial
proceedings of a criminal character shall be
necessary except in this court and on this form
of procedure. We may assume, then, that so
far as words go, it is a court and nothing but
a court.
But it is a question the honorable Manager
says, " of substance and not of form." He
concedes that if it be a court you must find
upon the evidence something to make out the
guilt of the offender to secure a judgment, and
lie argues against its being a court, not from
any nice criticism of words or forms, but, as
lie expresses it, for the substance. He lias
instructed you, by many references and by an
interesting and learned brief appended to his
opening speech, in English precedents and
authority to show that it is almost anything
but a court; and perhaps during the hundreds
of years in which the instrument of impeach-
ment was used as apolitical engine, if you look
only to the judgment and the reasons of the
judgment you would not, think it was really
a very judicial proceeding; but that through
all the English histoiy, it was a proceeding in
court, controlled l>y the rules of the court as a
court,, cannot he doubted.
Indeed, as we all know, though tile learned
Manager lias not insisted upon it, the presence
of the trial under the peculiar procedure and
jurisdiction of impeachment in the House of
Lords was but a part of the general jurisdiction
of the House of Lords as the great court of the
kingdom in all matters civil and criminal; and
one of the favorite titles of the Lords of Parlia-
ment in these earlier days was ''judges of Par-
liament,." And now the House of Lords in
England is the supreme court of that country
as distinctly as our gieat tribunal of that name
is of this country.
But one page of pretty sound authority, I
tale it, will put to tliglit all these dreamy,
misty notions about a law and procedure of
Parliament in this country and in this tribunal
that is to supersede the Constitution and the
laws of our country, when I show you what
Lord Chancellor Thurlow thought of that sub-
ject, as pievaleut, or expected to prevail in
Lngland, In Hastings's trial, Lord Loughbor-
ough having endeavored to demonstrate that
the ordinary rules of proceeding in criminal
eases did not apply to parliamentary impeach-
ments, whieh could not, be shackled by the
forms observed in the courts below, Lord 'L'hur-
low said:
"i\lv loids, u-nil respect to the laws and usage of
Pai iiament, L utterb dw-laim at! knowtedgcol °uch
laws. It has no existence. Tiue it is, 111 time-* ot
d<"-!>oti^m nod popular fury, wbou to impeach an in-
dividual v,as toeru.di linn by the strong hand of
power, of tumult, or of violence, the laws and usage
ot Parliament weio tiuotod in older to justify the
most iniquitous nr nhocious acts. Ihif 111 tlieseday.s
of light and constitutional go\eminent, I tiusl that
110 man will he hacd except by the laws of the land,
a system admirably f ulculaled topiotect imioeenee
and to punish crime."
And after showing that in all ihe State trials
under the Stuart reigns, and even down to that
of Sachaverel, in every instance were to be
found the strongest marks oftyranuv. injustice,
and oppression. Lord Thai-low continued :
"1 tiu.-t, your loid-hips will not dennrt from recog-
nized, establi^lu d lawsoi the land. The Commons
may impeach, y oui loid-dup,- are to try tlu; i.auso ;
and the s.mie rate* id' evidence, the same le^allorms
which obtain m the courts beiow, will. I am confi-
dent, be observed 111 this assembly."— IWiianrt's
p.
But the learned Manager did not tell us what
this was if it, was not a court. It is true he
said it was a Senate, but that conveys 110 idea.
It n; nut a Senate conducting legislative busi-
ness ; it, i° not a Senate acting upon executive
business; it is not a Senate acting in caucus
on political affairs ; and the question remains,
if it is not a court what is it? If this is not
aii altar of justice which we stand about, if we
are not ail ministei-3 here of justice, to feed its
sacred flame, what is the altar and what do we
do here about it? It is an altar of sacrifice
if it is not an altar of justice; and to what
divinity is this altar erected ? What but the
divinity of party hate and party rage, a divin-
ity to which we may ascribe the Greek char-
acter given of Envy, that it is at once the worst
and the justest divinity, for it dwarfs and
withers its worshipers. That, then, is the altar
that you are to minister about, and that the
savage demon you are to exalt here in dis-
placing Justice.
Our learned Managers, representing the
House of Kepresentatives, do not seem to have
been at all at pains to conceal the party spirit
and the party hate which displayed itself in the
haste, in the record, and in the maintenance
of this impeachment. To show you what prog-
ress may make in the course of thirty years
in the true ideas of the Constitution, and of
the nature of impeachments, let me read to
you what the managers of the impeachment
of Judge Peck had to say in this behalf. And
a pretty solid body of managers they were,
too—Judge Ajribrose Spencer, of New York;
Mr. Ilemy It. Storrs, of New York; Mr. Mc-
Duffle, of South Carolina; Mr. Buchanan, of
Pennsylvania, and Mr. Wicklilfe, of Kentucky.
Ambrose Spencer, as stern a politician as he
was an upright judge, opened the ease, and had
a word to say on the subject of party spirit and
party hale. Let me ask your attention to it:
"There is. however, one cheering and consolatory
reflection. The House of Representatives, after a
patient and lull examination, came to the resolution
to impeach Judge Peek by a very large majority;
and tlio leeord will show an absence of all party
feeling. Could I believe that that baietul influence
had laiugled itself with and predominated 111 that
vote 110 earthly consideration could have prevailed
1111 mc to appoar here as one of tile prosecutors of this
impeachment. I have not language to express the
abhorrence of my soul at the indulgence of such un-
hallowed feelings 011 such a solemn procedure.
Perk's Triuf, p. 239.
Mr. Manager Butler talked to you many
hours. Did he say anything wiser, or juster,
or safer for the Kepubhc than that? Judge
Spencer know what it was to be a judge and to
lie a politician. For twenty years whije lie was
011 the bench of New York, the great judicial
light in the common-law jurisdiction of that
State, he was a head and leader of a political
party, vehement and earnest and unflinching
in support of its measures and in the conduct
of its discipline ; and yet no lawyer, no suitor,
110 critic ever ventured to say, 01- to think, or
to feel that Judge Spencer 011 the bench was a
politician or carried any trait or trace of party
feeling or interest there, .ludge Spencer was
a politician in the House of Representatives
then; but Judge Spencer in the management
of an impeachment could only say that if party
feeling mingled in it he would have nothing to
do with it, for his soul abhorred it in relation
to so solemn a procedure. Yes, indeed, this
divinity of party hate, when it possess a man,
throws him now into the tire and now into the
water, and he is unsuitable to be a judge until
he can come again clothed and in his right
mind to hear the evidence and administer the
law.
But to come down to the words of our Eng-
lish history and experience, if this is not a
court it is a scaffold, and an honorable Man-
ager yesterday told you so, that each one of
you brandished now a headsman's ax to ex-
ecute vengeance, you having tried the offender
011 the night of the 21st of February already'.
I would not introduce these bold words that
should make this a scaffold, in the eyes of the
people of this country, and you headsmen
brandishing your axes, but the honorable Man-
ager has done so, and I have 110 difficulty in
saying to you that if you are not a court, then
you arc that which he described and nothing
else, If it be true that on the uighi of the
21st of February, upon a crime committed by
the President at midday of that date and on an
