1374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
plementary to an act entitled " An act to
provide lor the more efficient government of
the rebel States," passed March 2, 1807, and
the acts supplementary thereto.
Mr. DOOLlTTLE. Mr. President, all per-
sons must feel the gravity of the present situa-
tion, and it is in that feeling that I come to the
consideration of the question before the Senate.
It will be remembered that when this bill
which has passed the House of Representa-
tives was about to be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, I moved to instruct that com-
mittee to report the following amendment by
way of proviso:
Provided, nevertheless, That upon an election for
the ratification ot any constitution, or of officers
under the same, previous to Us adoption in any State,
no person'not having the qualifications of an elector
under tlio constitution and laws of such State pre-
vious to the late rebellion shall be allowed to vote,
unless he shall possess oneof the following qualifica-
tions, namely:
1. lie shall have served as a soldier in the Federal
Army for one year or more.
2. Ho shall have sufficient education to read the
Cons itution of the United {States and to subscribe
his name to an oath to suppoit the same; or,
3. Ho shall be seized m his own right, or in the
right of his wile, oi a trochoid of the value of $>250.
In reference to the propriety of attaching
some qualilications to the suffrage of the great
mass of freedinen, who, by the acts of Con-
gress, are made to take part in the reorganiza-
tion of the State governments in the ten States
of the South, I might content myself with read-
ing a single extract from a speech of tho hon-
orable Senator from Maine, [.Mr. Fessexden,]
when speaking, perhaps, not more for himself
than for the Committee on Reconstruction,
two years ago. This speech was made in part
in reply to the honorable Senator lroin Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumn'cr,] and in it the honora-
ble Senator from Maine said :
" The power exists now, at the present time, in al
these States to make just such class or caste distinc-
tions as they please. The Constitution does notlinnt
them. TheOonstitution, in tei ins, ftives us no power;
it leaves to the States, as everybody knows, the per-
fect authority to regulate this matter of suffrage to
suit themselves."
That was the view tlien expressed by him,
not simply for himself but for the committee
which he represented, that the States them-
selves, under the Constitution, had complete
control over the question of suffrage. He also
stated, in answer to the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, his views of the propriety
of universal suffrage being extended to the
colored people of the South, in the following
language:
" I take it no one contend?. I think tho honorable
Senator from Massachusetts himself, who is the great
champion of universal suftrage, would liardb con-
tend that now, at this time, tho whole mass of the
population ofthc recent slave States is fit to be ad-
mitted to tho exercise of the ris^rlit of suftrage. I
presume that no man who looks at tho question dis-
passionately and calmly, could contend thatthogrcat
mass of those who wererccently slaves, (undoubtedly
there may be exceptions,) and who have been kept
in ignorance all their lives, oppressed, more or less
forbidden to acquire information, arc fit at this day
to exercise the light of s-ufirage, or could he trusted
to do it, unless undci such good advice as those bet-
ter able might be propai-ed to give them."
In addition to that, I hold in my hand a me-
morial, addressed in very strong and eloquent
terms, to the Congress of the United States,
signed by a thousand or more of the able men
in the State of Alabama.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator says able
men. Does he mean loyal men?
Mr. DOOLlTTLE. I say the able men of
the State. Some of them were lqyal and some
of them were rebels, as appears from the state-
ment of the memorial itself. The signatures
appear here. It is' a memorial which I wish
every Senator would read and consider. It is
as follows:
To the Honorable the Senate and lfov<se of Represent-
atives of the United titatdi in Congrwi assembled :
The white people of Alabama send this their hum-
ble petition.
We beseech your honorable bodies to withdraw
yourselves from the iniluence of the passions and
contests of the hour, and contemplate for a brief
period our miserable condition, and the yet more
wretched_ state which is already prepared for us.
Suiely it is only such influences that havo prevented
you from bestowing upon us a single ray of beneficent
regard.
According to the last census taken by the Federal
Government, the white people of Alabama largely
outnumbered the nesro or colored population. And
we think we arrogate nothiug which your honorable
bodies will not concede to us, when we say th&t nearly
all of the education, intelligence, and civilization of
t he State, are found in our race. But poverty prevails
throughout the land. We are beset by secret oath-
bound political societies. Our character and # con-
duct are systematically misrepresented and maligned
to you and in the newspapers ofthc North. The in-
telligent and impartial administration of just laws,
is obstructed. Industry and enterprise arc paralyzed
by the tears of the wlwte men and the expectations
of the black, that Alabama will soon be delivered
over to the rule of the latter; and many of our best
people arc for these reasons leaving the homes they
love, for other and strange lands.
Before the late unhappy war, tho white people
of the South contributed their whole just proportion
of the great and good men, whose acts and charac-
ters constituted the chief renown of the Republic.
Those of us who endeavored to withdraw tho South
fiom its partnership therein, did not do so in order
to make war upon the northern States or their insti-
tutions, but for the purposo (vain hope!) of peace-
fully establishing another, not unfriendly, independ-
ent confederacy, in which, under almost identical
constitutions, wo might be more free from discord.
And however criminal, in your opinion, we may in
this have been—yet neither our sins nor our suffer-
ings have reduced us to uncivilized barbarians.
On the other hand, it is well known to all who
havo knowledge on the subject, that while the ne-
groes of the South may be more intelligent and of
better morals than those of the same race in any
other part ofthc world where they exist in equal den-
sity—^et they arc in the main ignorant generally,
wholly unacquainted with the piinciplesof free gov-
ernments, improvident, disinclined to woik, cred-
ulous, yet suspicious, untruthful, incapable of self-
restraint, and easily impelled by want, or incited by
false and specious counsels into folly and crime.
Exceptions, of course, there are, and chiefly among
those who havo been reared as servants in our do-
mestic circles and in our cities. But tho general
character of our colored population is such as we
have described. Whose fault it is that they arc so,
whether ours, under whose control they have certainly
become better than their brethren in their native
Africa, or the fault of anybody, it is needless now to
inquire. Wo havo todcalwiththc incontestable fact
that in the main they are unlettered and capricious
baibarians, turned suddenly loose from the con-
dition of slaves, and eager to avail themselves of
freedom to indulge and gratify their desiros and
passions.
Are these tho people in whom should be vested
the high governmental functions ot enacting and en-
forcing laws, and estabhshinginstitutions to prevent
ciime, protect propertyj prcscrvo peace and order in
society, and to promote industry, enterprise, and civ-
ilization here, and the power and honor of tho Uni-
ted States? Without property, without industry,
without any regard for reputation, without, control
over their own caprices and strong passions, and with-
out fear of punishment under laws, by courts, and
through juries which aro created by, and composed
of themselves, and those whom they elect—how can
it be otherwise than that they will, to the great in-
jury ot themselves as well as of us and our children,
bring blight, crime, ruin, and barbarism on this fair
land ?
Does any one say that yourlaws do not make them
rulers over us? Whatdiffcreneodoes it make except
to increase jealousy and intensify antagonism, that
white men are also allowed to vote with the black,
when it is so contrived that the black shall have the
predominance and dominion? Wo entreat you to
pause and observe how your reconstruction acts are
being executed here.
01 the negro population, whoso numbers arcmany
thousands loss, tho registered voters aro over eight-
een thousand more than those of the white race.
And white men who hate us, and others, from sordid
motives, cooperating with them, have, by their own
procurement or the procurement of others, and not
by the intelligent choice of the negro voters, been
elected as their delegates (or the purpose, and have
trained and now presented for ratification to t.ho?e
registered voters a constitution ot government, all
of whose best clauses are contained m our present con-
stitution and iu every other instrument of the kind.
But these are made delusive and useless by the dia-
bolical ingenuity of other provisions made to disfran-
chise us even beyond the enactments of Oongi ess, and ]
to insure over us and our children and all who shall |
come among us the ascendancy of the negro race, i
And these same designing and malignant enemies I
stand prepared, so soon as that constitution sliall'bo ]
ratified, to organize, arm, and invest with power, 1
under the forms ot law, a militia, to bo composed i
chiefly of those same negro voters, in order to pci- !
petuatc their lordship over us by the aid of bullets ;
and bayonets. Wo cannot believe that the majoii- i
ties of your honorable bodies intended by your enact- I
mcnts to effect such a reconstruction as this. i
Will you, nearly three years alter the war has !
ended—when the passions it kindled should have j
died out in the magnanimity which gieat micccss '
ought to inspire—sutler a whole State, full of your !
kindred, civilized, while inhabitants not only thoso l
who had opposed the Government, but women and !
children and loyal men who had adhered to it, to bo ;
thus delivered over to the horrid rule of barbarian ]
nogroe:? Do not, compel the honorable officers and I
biave uim ot tne armies ot the Republic to hold us
down while such fetters aietorged m our view and 1
yours and then ignommiously fastened upon us.
We are compatriots ot Washington andllenivand ■
Jefferson and Madison and Marshall and ike Pinek- i
neys and Marion and Jackson and Clay and Taylor, i
Are there no names among these potent enough to
arouse any respect for us in your legislative Halls ?
It is said—and by frequent repetition you are
made to believe it true—that the negroes and self-
styled loyalists cannot have justice done them and
are unsafe among us, and that we are still in a state
of rebellion. The charges are Ialse. Ever since the
war our courts and upright judges m them have ad-
ministered justice as impartially as anywhere else in
the Republic; and toward the negro—who aided tho
South as cheerfully while he was in the confederate
lines as he afterward aided the northern armies when
and whero they had power—we have been, both from
inclination andinterest.iiumaneandkind. Theslan-
derers, who say otherwise, are of those who arcseek-
ing to enslave us by your aid. They arrogate to them-
selves the majesty of the Government of the United
States, and call our opposition to them iu their ne-
farious endeavors to subject us to a new and un-
heard of despotism disloyalty to the United States.
When our people surrendered their arms they did
so absolutely and without any purpose of ever again
employing them against the Government. Upon its
requirement we also emancipated our slaves, and thus
reduced ourselvesIrom wealth to poverty. Not only
this, but in every negro we set tree wo placed over
us and our families a guard for the Government
upon the fidelity of our allegiance. This, it was sup-
posed, would be the extreme demand of the conquer-
ors. Yet, although by reason ot our impoverish-
ment and the terms ot the instruments creating the
war debts of the South, it became impossible that
they should ever be paid, and therefore the demand
that we should repudiate them was useless, we
thought, for any other purpose than that of humili-
ating us, that demand was made. And we submitted,
not without anguish, to the enforced humiliation of
expressly repudiating these debts. Standing thus,
stripped of arms, stripped of property, stripped even
ol credit and honor, and with negroes at our doors to
strike us down whenever your officers shall command
them to do so, who can believethat the p*ople of the
South contemplate anything else than submission to
the Hinted States? What higher evidence besides
this could be given of the universal good faith and
entireness and trankness oi our surrender than the
laet that, notwithstanding the &rcat provocations of
intruding political adventurers,not asinglegueriilla
band has existed and been kept up against your au-
thority since the abdication ol the conlederate au-
thorities undci whose orders the war was waged ?
Continue over us, if you will do so, your own rule
by the sword. Send down among us honorable and
upright men of your own people, of the race to which
you and wo belong; and, ungracious, contrary to
wise policy and the institutions of the country, and
tyrannous as it will be, no hand will be raised among
us to resist by force their authority. But do not, we
implore you, abdicate your rule over us by trans-
ferring us to the blighting, brutalizing, and unnatural
dominion of an alien and inferior race; a race which
has never exhibited sufficient administrative ability
ior the good government of even the tribes into
which it is broken up in its native seats, and which
in ail ages has itself lurnished slaves tor'Nil the other
races ot the earth.
January, 1868.
Mr. President, the question which has forced
itself upon me again and again, asi have listened
to this long debate, is:
Are we at peace? or,
Are we still at war?
It is almost three years since the last armed
soldier of the rebellion surrendered, when war
in fact ceased ; and on the 20th da}' of August,
I860, the President, by proclamation, declared
peace restored ?
Does some one say he assumed to do that
without authority of Congress, and therefore
it is not binding upon Congress?
Po elohe all controversy on this point, my hon-
orable friend from Connecticut [Mr. Dixox]
read a section from a law oi Congress of March
2, 1867, in which that proclamation is recog-
nized, and its validity sanctioned by Congress
itself It is section two of an act entitled "An
act'to provide for a temporary increase of the
pay of officers in the Army of the fj nited Slates,
andi'or other purposes," and is in these words:
_ "That section oneof tlio act entitled ' in act to
increase the pay of soldiers m the United Hi.llos
1111(1S°K othcr purposes,' approved June £0,
lbot, be, aim the sjino lb hereby, euuunueU in tall
toreo and otfeet for three yoar* ho-.n. and utter tho
closo ol the rebellion, as announced by the President
?i n n !• a states by proclamation bearing date
the -0th ot August, lt>60.'
Sir, we have peace in fact, and peace pro-
claimed in due form of iaw.
Peace —blessed peace has oome, God grant
she has come to stay!
Jlr. President, when this measure, in a time
of profound peace, as if to combine all thai ["re-
ceded it into one act of eoneentrat ed despot .sm;
to sweep away at one blow all civil law, and civil
government even, from the Potomac to the
Uio Grande, and to put it beyond the power
of the Executive, and beyond tho power of
the Supreme Court to recognize the existeiica
