1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1375
of either in ten States of this Union, and
among eight million people ; when that meas-
ure came from the House and asked the ap-
proval of the Senate, I know not. how others
felt, but I could feel the very foundations of
republican government giving way under my
feet—the columns, reared to constitutional lib-
erty, crumbling around me.
Sir, not in anger, but in sorrow, I appealed
to the Senate to arrest it and to modify its
policy. My duty as a Senator, as a citizen,
and as a friend constrained me to do so. What
gave deeper earnestness to that appeal was the
fact that I feared the majority wer^ so intent
upon securing a party ascendency as to be
unable or unwilling to see that this measure,
and the kindred measures now pending, tend
to produce, and are, of themselves, a resolu-
tion in the Government.
Under the influence of the siren song of
party necessity the majority seemed to sleep
while Borne was on fire; to be drugged with
the same fatal poison which has destroyed all
the republics of the world, and prepared the
way for Coesarism—for the imperator.
That was the simple Roman word for general.
When Julius Caesar bore that title it meant no
more, no less, than general. But now it is the
title aspired to by all the absolute monarchs of
the earth, for imperator is emperor now.
Sir, this bill on your table, in addition to
•laws already in force, clothes our General with
all the powers of Ceesar, in a country larger
than ancient Gaul, Britain, and Germany.
The majority, unconscious or unwilling to be
awakened to the fact, seemed to press on into
the very j*aws of a revolution which threatens
to. ingulf all worth having in republican in-
stitutions. They are sleeping upon tho sides
of Vesuvius, and are not awakened by the first
jets of its eruption.
Sir, by this bill all power over the Army,
and over the execution of the laws m nearly
one third of the States, and over eight million
people, is taken away from the President in
open, palpable violation of the Constitution.
The Constitution vests all executive power in
the President. It requires him to take an oath
to see that the laws are faithfully executed.
In express words, also, it makes him Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army. This bill makes
it a crime in him to perform the duties of either.
All power, also, is to be taken away from
the Supreme Court, to take any appeal or to
recognize the existence of any civil govern-
ment, in those States.
Not only the President but the Supreme
Court is to be manacled, and made to wear the
ball and chain.
The lives, liberty, and property of eight
million people are to be placed under the
absolute control of a military dictator.
And all that usurpation and all that despot-
ism is—for what? For the purpose of forcing
universal negro suffrage upon ten States and
six million ef our own race and people against
their will, in order, as some of the bolder
Radical leaders avow, to secure through negro
votes the electoral votes of those States for the
Radical candidate for the Presidency ; and that
candidate, as many think, is to be the very
General into whose hands this despotic power
is to be placed enabling him to secure for
himself, if he will, seventy electoral votes.
Pass the measure and General Grant may
well say "Save me from my friends." It is
hardly possible to believe that able General will
consent to take this power and at the same
time be a candidate- for President. I can
hardly believe his sense of propriety will per-
mit that. Can he take absolute military con-
trol over seventy electoral votes, and be him-
self a candidate for those very votes? Pass this
bill and it seems to me he must resign as
General, or renounce as candidate for Presi-
dent. Could Chief Justiee Chase be a candi-
date for President, if a case were pending in the
Supreme Court to determine the validity of
seventy eleetoial votes without first resigning
his office as Chief Justice? If he could, or
would, we have fallen upon evil times indeed!
Mr. President, when this measure came from
the House, and was about to be referred, 1
offered an amendment of instructions to the
committee according to th'e rules of the Sen-
ate, and earnestly appealed to the majority if
they would not arrest, at least to so far modify
their policy as to leave the government of tj)0se
States in the hands of our own civilized race.
And how was that appeal received ?
First of all, the Senators from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] and from New York [Mr. Conk-
ling] were unwilling to extend to me the usual
courtesies of thisbody ; the formersayinglhad
violated the rules of the Senate—a mistake in
point of fact—and the latter, that my speech
was offensive to the majority, which perhaps
was true, if offense there be in strong and de-
termined, though courteous and parliamentary
opposition.
To these gentlemen I have no reply, except
when they address the Senate upon any grave
question upon which they as Senators shall
deem it their duty to speak, I shall not deny
them the usual courtesy of this body, however
much they may differ from me or oppose the
measures I advocate.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbuli,]
fell into a strain of violent denunciation, charg-
ing me with effrontery for saying these meas-
ures of Congress are unconstitutional, when
that Senater must know that Congress is un-
willing to allow their constitutionality to be
passed upon by the Supremo Court until after
the chain now forging for that court shall bo
placed upon it; until after Congress shall sub-
jugate the very tribunal created by the Consti-
tution to negative the usurpations?of Congress;
and to save from those usurpations the other
departments of the.Government, the rights of
the States and the liberties of the people,
which mainly depend upon them ; in short, to
save us from the danger of all others most
feared by our ancestors, namely : tho central-
ization of power in Congress. 1 may refer to
this subject again before I close.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] denounces my speech as "unpatriotic,
inhuman, and wicked" as anything whichever
fell from the " dominating Davis," the " blus-
ering Toombs," the ''pompous Mason" the
"unscrupulous Slidell," the " insincere Ben-
jamin," the "plausible Breckinridge," and
"their compeers in crime."
I confess I was not a little surprised at the lan-
guage of that Senator, representing as he does
the highly civilized State of Massachusetts.
Such epithets admit of no reply worthy of a
Senator, or of the Senate. I pass them by.
But, in entering upon a reply to Senators
upon the other side, I shall address myself first
to the logic; and then; if 1 have time, may
give a passing notice to some of the denuncia-
tions, of this debate, which are not, of them-
selves, beneath the dignity of this body.
The Senator from Indiana, who may, without
discourtesy to any other Senator, be said to
represent the logic of the other side, opens his
speech, one of great ability, in these words:
"Tho issue here to-day is the same which prevails
throughout the country, which will bo the issue of
this canvass, and perhaps for years to come. To
repeat what I havo had occasion to say elsewhere, it
is between two paramount ideas, each struggling for
the supremacy. One is, that tho war to suppress the
rebellion was right,and just on our part; that the
rebels forfeited their civil and political rights, and
can only be restored to them upon such conditions as
tho nation may prescribe for its future safety and
prosperity. Tho other idea is, that the rebellion was
not sinful, but was right; that those engaged in it
foifeited no right.-1,civil or politioal.and havearight
to take charge of their State governments and be
restored to their representation in Congress just as
if there had been no rebellion and nothing had
occurred."
Sir, I love to meet men who reason, who
state their premises and logically draw their
conclusions. My honorable friend from Indi-
ana [Mr. Morton] has maintained the dignity
and the courtesy of the Senate; and in his
speech has presented, in as logical form as it is
capable of being presented, the argument on
the other side.
In addressing myself to that it is not my
purpose to go over the whole ground in reply,
especially where the honorable Senators from
Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,J Pennsylvania, [Mr.
btjckai.ew,] Connecticut, [Mr. Dixon,] and
his colleague [Mr. Hendricks] have already
gone. There is no necessity for me or for any-
one else to go over tho ground where they
have trod.
But I propose, for a brief period, to examine
this foundation upon which his speech rests;
the groundwork upon which he builds his argu-
ment. If lns^ premises'are found to be false,
if his foundation rests upon the sand of error,
his column falls of course.
Sir, what is that foundation as stated by
himself? What is that paramount issue here
which is to be the issue of this canvass, and,
it may be, for years to come ?. What are the
two paramount ideas thus struggling with each
other for supremacy, one of which is main-
tained on his-side and the other on ours?
He says upon the one side of that issue tho
ruling_ idea is that the war to suppress the
rebellion was right; upon the other side the
paramount idea is that the rebellion itself was
right.
These, he says, are the two paramount ideas
struggling for supremacy. This, he says, is
the issue here, will be the issue of this canvass,
and perhaps for years to come.
Sir, which of these two paramount ideas does
he maintain, and which does he assign to me?
Upon this all-absorbing issue, overriding all
othors-*-like Aaron's rod, swallowing all the
rest for years to come—upon which side does
he stand, and upon which side'does he place me ?
_ Upon thequestion whether the rebellion was
right or wrong, and whether its suppression was
right or wrong, the honorable Senator may
take his own position ; but he has no right to
thus make up a false issue in order to place
me or those acting with me upon the wrong
side of that issue. I admit, if the Senator has
stated the true issue to be whether the suppres-
sion of the rebellion was right or wrong, and
if he and those acting with him maintain that
it was right, and if I and those who act with me
maintain that it was wrong, his side is already
victorious, ours already vanquished.
But, Mr. President, there is- no such issue
here or before the country. With all courtesy
he will allow mo to say that in thus stating it
lie has based his speech upon a very grave and
material misstatement. He says -the ruling
idea on his side of that issue is that the war to
suppress the rebellion was right. Sir, that is
the ruling idea on our side also. I not only
admit it to be true, but, with all the power God
has given me, I maintain that it is true; the
rebellion was wrong ; its suppression was right.
Therefore, when ho says or implies that the
ruling idea on our side is that the rebellion
was right and its suppression wrong, he states
what is not only untrue, but without shadow of
foundation. With equal truth he might say if
a man assault me without cause, and after a
fierce encounter, in which he is beaten and se-
verely punished and surrenders, if I should
then refuse to strike him when he is down and
be disposed to make peace upon his pledge of
honor for future good behavior, that by so
doing I would admit that his attack upon me
was right.
Sir, I will not do him the injustice to sup-
pose that he could attribute to me any such
idea as that the rebellion was right. He could
not have forgotten my language of the day be-
fore, in which I deplore as deeply as any other
tho monstrous folly and crime of that rebel-
lion which brought upon us so much of blood
and agony and tears ; which draped almost
every house in mourning, and left at almost
every family table its vacant chair. No, sir ;
no. The Senator knows the cup many have
been compelled to drink was too bitter, the
anguish too deep, for that. I felt as much as
he could feel the wrong of that rebellion, and
not only the right, but the imperious necessity
of its suppression. I felt, as I have no doubt
he did, that all that we have and all that we
are were staked upon the issue of suppressing
that rebellion and of maintaining the union ot
