1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
way, because wo do not know how far these ju-
dicial exposures and interpretations are to go;
it may be to the extent of saying that the amend-
ment to the Constitution abolishing slavery was
not, after all, adopted.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise toa point of order.
This discussion is out of order, if the hour of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
ven's] has expired.
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has not yet expired.
Mr. BLAINE. I would suggest that the
Chair does not need the monitions of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Robinson] to
enable him to perform his duties.
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Blaixs] has expired.
Mr. BLAINE. I have done all I wanted.
Mr. ROBINSON. And I have done all I
wanted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I did not
expect my colleague [Mr. Woodward] to ask
the questions he has asked. Has lie forgotten
Missouri, which was admitted into the Union
upon a condition-precedent, and she was to go
out of the Union if that condition was ever
violated ? Has he forgotten Illinois, which, by
express terms like those, was never to permit
slavery to be introduced within her limits?
Has he forgotten Michigan, which was admitted
upon a condition-precedent? Has he forgotten
Texas? He is a lawyer and has been a judge,
and yet he gets up here and tells us that this
condition in this bill for the readmission of
Arkansas, precisely similar to, though not so
strong as, one of those I have mentioned, is a
great objection to the readmission of that
State. Sir, I have no pity for the gentleman ;
but if I had known he was going to make such
an exposure of himself I would not have let
him in at all. [Laughter.]
Now, all I have to saWs this: this consti-
tution of Arkansas has b?!n before us for four
weeks, fairly printed. Pour weeks have those
iiad who are vigilant and active ; and all time
would be of no importance to a sluggard, for
he would require from now till eternity, and
even eternity would find him unprepared.
I think that this constitution is above all
suspicion, and I am a little scrupulous and
particular about any constitution i am called
upon to vote for. Now, with a constitution
with which I can find no fault, after it has been
so long before us, I cannot for a moment con-
ceive that there has not been time enough
allowed for all of us to become acquainted with
it. And as in equity that is presumed to be
done which should be done, which ought to be
done, therefore it is to be presumed that there
is not a man in this House who does not know
all about this constitution. The law says so ;
equity says so; my learned colleague [Mr.
Woodward] would tell you that was the equity
of the ease. I hope, therefore, that we shall
vote upon this constitution, and that we shall
readmit Arkansas into the Union.
I know there has been a great clamor raised
against this side of the House for keeping out
those non-reeonstructed States. By whom has
that clamor been raised ? By gentlemen upon
the other side. And the only reason I can
conceive of why their voice now sounds so
differently is that it comes out of the other
side of their mouths. [Laughter. ] They have
been clamoring for months, because we re-
fused to let these States in, because we would
not admit their Representatives and Senators
to participate with tJieii; friends and brethren
in the legislation of the country, and help to
carry into effect the great principles which they
and all of us—for I hope these gentlemen on
the other side are coming pow to be in favor
of liberty—the great principles which all of us
do or ought to maintain,
I therefore cannot think that there is any-
thing illiberal in disposing of this question to-
day. Gentlemen on the other side have occu-
pied nearly the whole time, I gave to my
colleague [Mr. Woodward] nearly half an
hour, which he laughed to scorn; for when I
wanted a few minutes of'the tame I had given
him he said I should not have it. I trust that
the vote will be taken, and that everybody will
be satisfied. Representatives of freemen come
here duly elected according to the certificates
of the very men appointed by the present Ad-
ministration, men who have been all along the
friends of that Administration. Besides that,
we have now here a certificate of the Secretary
of State, in which he declares officially that
Arkansas has adopted the fourteenth constitu-
tional amendment. A few days ago official
information was sentto him oftheaction ofthat
State ; but being a good deal concerned about
his household and Cabinet affairs, [laughter,]
and having also on hand, as a friend suggests
to me, the Alta Vela matter, he could not find
time to send down the certificate to us till I
" took a rule on him," aswesay in the courts,
and the certificate was extracted frum him. I
was very sorry I had to treat him in the man-
ner I did. I have that certificate now in my
hand, and I send it to the Clerk's desk that it
may be filed as a part of our proceedings. I
now call for the vote.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read the third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I believe it is now in
order to move that the House adjourn. I make
that motion.
The question being taken, it was declared
decided in the negative.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 21, noes 91; less than one fifth voting in
the affirmative.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to ask a question.
I wish to know whether this bill, when we vote
upon it, cannot be divided. I hadnotreadthe
bill till a few moments ago; but I find that
while the first part provides for the admission
of the State, the last part provides for keeping
it out; and unless the question can be divided
I shall be compelled to vote against the whole
bill.
The SPEAKER. A resolution is suscepti-
ble of division when it has two or more parts,
each of which is capable of standing by itself;
but a bill cannot be divided under any circum-
stancGS
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I demand
the previous question on the passage of the
bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELDj" I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 82, not vot-
ing 47 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Beanian,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell,
Bromwell, Broomall, Buekland, Butler, Cake,
Churchill. Reader Vf. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, I'arnsworth,
Ferriss, Ferry, Garfield. G-ravely, Griswold, Halsey,
Harding, Iligby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hunter. Jenekes, Judd, Julian, Kelsey,
Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Longhridge, Lynch. Marvin, McCarthy, Mc-
Clurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Myers, Neweomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
ham, Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Pricc, Robert-
son. Sawyer. Schenck. Scofield, Shanks, Smith. Aaron
F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, raffe,
Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van
Acrnam, Burt Van Horn, Vtin Wyok, Ward, Cadw.il-
ader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburno, Henry D.
Washburn, Welker, William Williams. James 1.
Wilson, Stephen!'. Wilson. Windom, Woodbndge,
and the Speaker—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Baker, Beck. Cary, Eld-
ridge. Golladay, Grover, Holman. Hotchkiss, itich-
ard D. Hubbard. Humphrey, Kerr, Knott, Loan,
Marshall. McCormick, Morgan, Mungen, Niblaek,
Phelps, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross, bitgreaves,
Spalding, Stone, Taber, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Thomas Williams, and Woodward—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Delos R. Ashley,
Axtell, Barnes, Barnum, Bingham, Boyer, Brooks,
Burr, Chanler, Cornell, Dawes, Dixon, Fields, Fin-
ney, Fax, Geta, Glossbrenner. Haight, Hawkins,
Asahel W. Hubbard, ilulburd, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Jones, Kelley, Ketcham Kitchen, Kobnte, Logan,
Mallory,Maynard, MeCullough, Morrissey, Mullins,
Nicholson, Polsley, Pomeroy, Raum, Selye, Sheita-
barger. Starkweather John Trimble, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn. William B. Wash-
burn, John T. Wilson, and Wood—47.
When the roll-call was concluded,
The SPEAKER said: The occupant of the
chair, a_s a member of the House, votes in the
affirmative.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON. I desire to move ail
amendment to the title.
The SPEAKER. It is before the House.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to amend it so it
will read " a bill to keep Arkansas out of the
Union as an equal and independent State."
The people of Arkansas are not now admitted
under this bill unless they submit to despotism,
and dictation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
The title was then adopted as already stated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the title was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, was
allowed to print his speech in the Globe on the
subject just disposed of. [See Appendix.]
leave of absence.
Mr. Jones and Mr. Dawes were granted
leave of absence for one week.
government op sodtii carolina.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 255) de-
claring the officers-elect of the State of South
Carolina to be the provisional government of
said State; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
admission of south carolina.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Reconstruction, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 1044) to admit the State of
South Carolina to representation in Congress ;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
l'oblic buildings in st. louis.
Mr. PILE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duceda joint resolution (H. R. No. 256) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to appoint
a commission to examine certain buildings in
the city of St. Louis, Missouri; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. PILE. I ask that the joint resolution
be passed at this time. It directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to appoint a commission
of three competent persons to make the neces-
sary examination and report, first, as to the
necessity of new buildings for the purpose of
post office and United States courtroom and
necessary offices in the city of St. Louis, Mis-
souri ; second, as to the adaptability and suit-
ableness of the building known as the Poly-
technic Institute, the cost at which it can be
obtained, and what will be the probable cost
of constructing a suitable building for the pur-
pose above named.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. PILE. If I am allowed to make abrief
statement, I think the objection will be with-
drawn.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
