1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4447
Congress approved July 2, 1862, entitled
"An act donating public lands to the several
States and Territories which may provide col-
leges for the benefit of agriculture and the me-
chanic arts," and under the provisions of an
act of Congress approved July 23, 18GG, en-
titled " An act to amend the lifth section of
an act entitled ' An act donating public lands
to the several States and Territories which
may provide colleges for the benefit of agri-
culture and the mechanic arts,' and approved
July 2, 1802, so as to extend the time within
which the provisions of said act shall be ac-
cepted and such colleges established," the
several States and Territories became entitled,
under certain conditions, to grants of land or
land scrip : and that by a resolution of the
Senate and the House of Representatives, ap-
proved March 2!), 18117, the issue or delivery of
the land scrip to any of the States lately in
rebellion against the United States, except the
State of Tennessee, was prohibited until those
States should be fully restored to their rights
as States by Congress; and that several of
the States lately in rebellion have already been
fully restored to their rights as States by Con-
gress. The joint resolution, therefore, directs
the issue of the land scrip to the States thus
fully restored to their rights as States by Con-
gress under the conditions and limitations
prescribed in those acts; and the authority and
direction herein contained is made to apply to
States lately in rebellion, notyet fully restored
to their rights as States by Congress, so soon
as they shall be thus restored.
Mr. SHERMAN. 11' that resolution is to be
passed I desire to move an amendment to the
last clause. Some of that land scrip 1 am told
has been issued, and the authority ought to
be legalized for that which has already been
issued. It was issued when the Senator from
Iowa was Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, there was scrip issued
to North Carolina, I think, but the delivery was
suspend tjd.
Mr. POMEROY. This would not allow
any extra scrip.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish simply to author-
ize and legalize that which has already been
issued.
Mr. HARLAN. I would make this sugges-
tion to the Senator: I am not sure but that
scrip was issued in the name of the then Gov-
ernor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only know that com-
plaints have been made that obstructions have
been thrown in the way of its use.
Mr. POMEROY. I have been told that
none was issued except to North Carolina, and
after the passage of that amended act it was
recalled. I am so informed by Mr. Sawyer,
who lias investigated the matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told that innocent
parties hold this land scrip, and in ignorance
of the law have been taken in. It ought to
be legalized. There is no objection to it, as a
matter of course.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
the amendment the Senator proposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, then, to amend
the joint resolution by adding the following:
And all such warrants already issued to either of
paid States aro hereby legalized and deelared to bo a
pare of the share of such State.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
tune, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to take
up the resolution 1 offered the other day in
regard to the compensation of the new Sena-
tors from the reconstructed States, and let it
be disposed of in some way. I offer it in the
interest of the Secretary of the Senate, that he
may know how to settle their accounts. The
resolution that I offered is in the form of the
resolution adopted in reference to the Senators
from Tennessee some two or three years ago ;
but if the Senate prefer to adopt a different
resolution I have nothing to say about it. I
merely wish to get action upon it. I think it
due to the Secretary that it should be acted
on. I ask the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to let that resolution he acted upon.
Mr. HOWE. That resolution will lead to
debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not debate it.
Mr. HOWE. Debate was indicated very
clearly the other day; and I prefer that the
unfinished business should be disposed of unless
the Senate will agree to lay that aside to dis-
pose of a report of a committee of conference
which is lying on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution mentioned by the Senator from Illinois
being objected to goes over.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senate will proceed
to the consideration of the unfinished business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Allow me to call up a
pension bill.
Mr. C0NKLING-. I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin to allow me to call up a House bill
reported from the Judiciary Committee with
an amendment, which will lead to no debate I
think, for the protection of officers in the war
against certain suits, allowing the transfer of
those suits.
Mr. HOWE. I would do so with all the
pleasure in the world if the Senate would only
allow me to dispose of that conference report
which 1 attempted to get up yesterday.
Mr. CONKLING. That is a privileged mat-
ter, and this will lead to no debate.
Mr. HOWE. I have never been able to see
the privilege.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. _ I
hope the Senator will remember the touching
appeal I made to him some time ago. [Laugh-
ter. ]
REWARD FOll JEFFERSON DAVIs's CAPTURE.
Mr. HOWE. I ask that the unfinished
business be laid aside to dispose of that report
of the conference committee.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bit! (II. It. No. 1277) to provide for the distribution
of the reward offered by the President of thuUnited
States for the capture of Jefferson Davis, having met,
after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do rccommend, to their respective Houses,
as follows:
That the Senate recede from their first, sccond,
third, and fourth amendments
TIMOTHY O. HOWE,
UliXRY WILSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
W. B. WASHBURN,
L. W. ROSS,
Managers on the part of the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the report.
Mr. IIAllLAN. I desire to know what
those amendments are.
Mr. HOWARD. I have a word to say on
agreeing to that report.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to know what
those amendments are.
Mr. HOWARD. I will state them.
Mr. President, a bill recently passed the
House of Representatives distributing the re-
ward offered by the President of the United
States under his proclamation of May 2, 18G5,
offering the sum of ยง100,000 for the arrest of
Jefferson Davis. It is well known that the
actual arrest of Davis washy Colonel Pritchard,
lieutenant colonel of the fourth Michigan cav-
alry, then on service in Georgia. Colonel
Pritchard, with a small command of one hun-
dred and twenty-eight men and seven officers,
surrounded the camp of Davis before daylight
on the morning of the 10th of May, 1805, and
had him in his possession. He made the
arrest, capturing Davis and his suite, all of
whom he conducted back to Macon, which was
the place whence he started on his march, and
from Macon to Fortress Monroe. The reward
offered under the proclamation of the 2d of
May was never known either to Pritchard or
any of his command, or to Major General
Wilson, who was the cavalry commander in
that department, nor to Colonel Harnden, who
commanded the Wisconsin regiment, until
some days after the arrest of Davis. The
actual arrest, as I have remarked, was made
by Colonel Pritchard and his one hundred and
twenty-eight men of the fourth Michigan cav-
alry.
The Secretary of War, during the year 18G5,
instituted a military commission, consisting of
the Adjutant General of the Army and of the
Judge Advocate General of the Array, to whom
he referred the duty of deciding what would be
a proper distribution of the reward thus offered
by the President. That commission reported
during the next year, early, I think, in 18C6,
perhaps in the fall of 18G5, that the whole of
this reward was justly due to Colonel Pritch-
ard of the fourth Michigan cavalry, and to his
regiment, who were acting with him for the
purpose of arresti ng Davis. The sum of $10,000
was awarded to Colonel Pritchard under the
finding of the commission.
In 1860 a bill was introduced into the House
of Representatives for carrying out the award
thus made by the military commission. It
passed the House of Representatives, granting
to Colonel Pritchard $10,000, and to his men
the balance of the sum offered, distributed to
them according to the law of prize. That bill
having passed the House came into the Sen-
ate, and being connected with some other pro-
visions, and being called up here for discus-
sion, as it was likely to lead to a protracted
discussion I gave my consent, that that por-
tion of the bill which distributed the award to
Pritchard and his men might be stricken out,
with a view to pass the remainder of the bill,
the claimants under the remainder of the bill
being very pressing for their money and stand-
ing in need of it. Those claimants were those
who captured Booth and his confederates.
Afterward, and during the present session
of Congress, the bill now under consideration
was introduced into the House of Representa-
tives, giving to Colonel Pritchard only S3.000,
and to his men a proportional amount; giving
to Major General Wilson, who commanded the
troops in Georgia, the sum of $3,000, and to
Colonel Harnden, of the first Wisconsin cav-
alry, $3,000, and to his men a proportional
amount. The bill was referred by the Senate
to the Committee on Claims, who took it under
consideration and reported it back to the Senate
with an amendment. By that amendment the
award to General Wilson of ยง3,000 was stricken
out and $1,000 of it given to Colonel Pritch-
ard, $1,000 of it to Colonel Harnden, and
$1,000 to Captain Yeoman, who was from
Ohio.
The question now before the Senate is this :
whether, under the circumstances of the case,
it is just and fair to the men who made the
actual capture of Jeff. Davis that General Wil-
son should receive this sum of $3,000. 1 think
upon principle, in the first place, if it were an
original question upon which it was proper for
the Senate to pass, that no person was justly
entitled to the reward offered by the President
of the United States for the arrest of Davis;
first, for the reason that that reward did not
instigate any exertion on the part of the real
captors of Davis to proceed to capture him;
and secondly, that all these men were in the
employment of the Government, and it was
their duty as military men, whether officers or
soldiers, to seek for Davis and for the other chiefs
of the confederacy, and to make them prisoners
wherever they could be found. But it seems
to have been the inclination both of the War
Department and of Congress to distribute this
sum of $100,000 to somebody, and the House
have agreed by their bill to give General Wil-
son $3,000 of this award. Sow, sir, i object
to it.
At the time of the capture of Davis, General
Wilson had his headquarters at Macon, Georgia.
He knew the exact state of things as early as
the 27th of April, for on that day he received
a telegram in cipher from General Sherman
informing him that Johnston had surrendered
