THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'% A
34I5
impeachment moving already forward to this
Chamber from the House of Representatives,
you did hold a court and did condemn, then
you are here standing about the scaffold of
• execution, and the part that you are to play
is only that which was assigned you by the hon-
orable Manager, Mr. Stbvejts, and he warned
you,held by fealty to your own judgments, not
to blench at the sight of the blood.
Now, to what end is this prodigious effort to
expel from this tribunal all ideas of court and
of justice? What is it but a bold, reckless,
rash, and foolish avowal, that if it be a court,
there is no cause here that, upon judicial
reason, upon judicial scrutiny, upon judicial
weighing and balancing of fact and of law, can
result in a judgment which the impeaching
parly here, the Managers and House of Repre-
sentatives, demand, and constitutionally may
demand, to be done by this court? At last, to
what end are the wisdom, and the courage, the
civil prudence and the knowledge of history
which our fathers brought to the framing of the
Constitution; of what service this wise, this
honest frown in the Constitution upon ex post,
faeio laws and bills of attainder? What is a
bill of attainder; what is a bill of pains and
penalties in the experience and in the learning
of English jurisprudence and parliamentary
history? It is a proceeding by the legislature
as a legislature to enact crime, sentence,
punishment, all in one. And certainly there
is no alternative for you if you do not sit here
under law to examine evidence, to be impartial,
and to regard it as a question of personal guilt
to be followed by personal punishment and
personal consequences upon the alleged de-
linquent, then )on are enacting a bill of pains
and penalties upon the simple form that a
majuiity of the House and two thirds of the
Senate must concur, and the Constitution and
the wisdom of our ancestors all pass for naught.
Our ancestors were brave ami wise, but they
were not indifferent, to the dangers that attended
this tribunal. They had no resource in the
Constitution where they could so well fix this
necessary duty in a fr. e Government to holdall
its servants amenable to public justice for the
public service except to devolve it upon this
Senate; but let me show you within the brief
compass of the debate, and the only material
debate, in the Journal of the Convention that
framed the Constitution, how the fears and the
doubts predominated:
" Mr. Madison objected to a trial of the President
by the Senate, especially as he was to bo impeached
b> the other branch of the Legislature; and tor any
net. whirh might, be called a misdemeanor. The
President, under these eiunmstances, was made im-
properly dependent. Ho would prefer the Supremo
Couit tor the trial of impeachments; or, rather, a
tribunal of winch that, should torin a part.
i\lr. Gouvorneur Morris thought no other tribunal
than the Senate could be trusted. The Supremo
Court were too few in numbels, and might be warped
or corrupted. Ho was against a dependeneo of the
Jixeeum c on the Legislature, considerius? the legis-
lative tyranny the frreat danger to be apprehended ;
but there eoukl bo no danger that the Senate would
fay uutiuly, on their oaths, tbat the President was
guilty of cume.- or facts, especially as in four years
he eail be turned out."'
That was Gouverueur Morris's wisdom asto
the extent to which the Senate might be trusted i
under the sanctions and obligations of judicial i
oaths; but— !
" Mr. Pinckney disapproved of mailing the Senate
tile eourt ot impeachments, as rende! ing the Presi-
dent toe dependent on the Legislature. If he op-
poses a tavorite law the two Houses will combine
ns.unst him, and, under the influence of heat and
faciioii, throw him outofoliiee."—5 Madron Pautrs,
p. ,">Ji
There is the sum and substance of the wis-
dom that our ancestors could bring to the sub-
ject of whether this was to be or could be a
court. It is undoubtedly a very great burden
and a very exhaustive test upon a political
body to turn it into a court for the trial of an
executive official in ordiruuy circumstances. I >
shall hereafter point out to you the very peeu- j
liai, the very comprehensive and oppressive j
concurrence and combination of circumstances
as bearing on this trial that require of you to j
brace yourselves upon all the virtue that be- i
Iopgs to you and to hold on to this oath for the
Divine aid that may support you under this'
most extraordinary test of human conduct to
which our Constitution subjects you to-day.
Now, what could the Constitution do for us?
A few little words, and that is all—truth, jus-
tice, oath, duty. And what does the whole
scope of our moral nature and the whole sup-
port we may hope from a higher aid extend to
in any of the atfairs of life but these? Truth,
justice, oath, duly control the fate, life, lib-
erty, character, and property of every citizen.
Truth, justice, oath, duty are the ideas thatthe
Constitution has forced upon your souls to-day.
\ou receive them or you neglect them ; which-
ever way you turn you cannot be the same
men afterward that you were before. Accepted,
embraced, obeyed, you are noblerand stronger
and better. Spurned, rejected, you are worse
and baser and weaker and wickeder than be-
fore. And it is thus that by strong ideas a
free Government must always be held to the
path of duty and to the maintenance of its
own authority and to the prevalence of its own
strength for its perpetual existence.
They are little words, but they have great
power. Truth is to the moral world what
gravitation is to the material; it is the prin-
ciple upon which it is established and coheres ;
and justice in the adaptation of truth to the
affairs of men is in human life what the mech-
anism of the heavens is to the principle that
sustains the lorces of the globe. L)uty is
acceptance, obedience to these ideas, and'tbis
once gained secures the operation which was
intended. When, then, you bend submissive to
this oath, that faith among men which, as
Burke says, "holds the moral elements of the
world together,'' and that faith in God which
binds that world to His throne, subdue you to
the service of truth and justice; and the over-
living guardian of human rights and interests
does not, neglect what is essential to the pres-
ervation of the human race and its advance-
ment. The purity of the family and the sanc-
tity of justice have ever been cared for, and
will ever be eared for. The furies of the (ireek
mythology had charge of the sanctions of an
oath. The imaginations of the prophets of
the world have sanctioned the solemnity of an
oath, and peopled the place of punishment
with oath-breakers; and all the tortures and
torments of history are applied to public ser-
vants who, in betrayal ol sworn trust, have dis-
obeyed those high, those necessitous obliga-
tions without which the whole fabric of society
falls in pieces.
X do not know why or how it is that we are so
constituted, but so it is. The moial world has
its laws as well as the mateiial. Why a point,
of steel lilted above temple or dome should
draw the thuudcibolt and speed it safely tothe
ground I know not. How, in our moral con-
stitution, an oath lifted I o heaven can draw from
the great, swollen cloud of passion and of inter-
est and of hate its charge 1 know not. but, so
it is. And be sure tbat loud and long as these
honorable .Managers may talk, although they
speak in the voice of "till the people of the
United States," with their bold persuasions
that you shall not obey a judicial oalh, I can
bring against it but a single sentence and asin-
glc voice; but that sentence is a command-
ment and that voice speaks with authority :
"Tliou shaltnot, take the name of the Lord thy
God in vain, for the Lord will not, hold him
guiltless that taketh his name m vain." j1
The moth may consume the ermine of that i;
supreme justice whose robes you wear; rust, !
Senators, may corrode the sceptre of your il
power; nay, Messrs. Managers, time even shall j!
devour the people whose presence beating
against the doors of this Senate House you  o
much love to vaunt and menace, but of the
word that I lmve spoken "heaven and earth
shall pass away and no jot or tittle of it fail."
I have now reached, Mr. Chief Justice and
Senators, a point where an adjournment would
be agreeable, if such is the pleasure of the
Senate.
_ Mr. CONKLINGr. I move that the Senate
sitting as a court of impeachment adjourn nntil
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate, sitting for the trial of the impeachment,
adjourned.
Wednesday, April 29, 1868.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of ^Representatives and the
counsel for the respondent, except Mr. Stan-
bery, appeared and took the scats assigned to
them respectively.
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
and Cleric, appeared and were conducted to
j the seats provided for them.
I The Journal of yesterday's proceeding of the
1 Senate, sitting for the trial of the impeach-
ment, was read.
Mr. NELSON. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators 
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, before the
gentleman makes a motion 1 send an order to
the Chair.
The CIIIRF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the order.
The Chief Clerk read the order, as follows :
"Whereas Mr. Nelson, one of the counsel for the
Piesident, in addrc.-siner the Senate, has used disor-
derly words, as lollops, namely • beginning with per-
; sontilities direeted to one of the Managers he pro-
ceeded to say, "So tar as any question that the gentle-
man desires to make of a persona! character with me
i is concerned, this is not the place to make it. Let
liiai make it elsewhere if he desires to do it;" and
whereas sueh language, besides being discreditable
j to these proceedings, is apparently intended to pro-
voke a duel or to signifyawillingnessto fighta duel,
contrary to law and Hood morals; Therefore,
Or<ln-c<h That Mr. Nelson, one of the counsel of
the President, has justly deserved the disapproba-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. NELSON. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel can
proceed only by unanimous consent.
Mr. NELSON. I was just going to ask per-
mission, Mr. Chief.Justice.
Mr. SUMNER. I must object, unless it is
in dircct explanation.
Mr. NELSON. All I desire to say this
morning to the Senate' 
Mr. SUMNER. I must object, unless it ia
in direct explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. T object to the consider-
ation of the resolution.
Mr. NELSON. If you will permit, I will
simply stale this much 
Mr, SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the explanation, but, I object to the consider-
ation of the resolution.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. I will ask the coun-
sel whether lie proposes to make an explana-
tion.
Mr. NELSON. All that I desired to do, Mr.
Chief Justice, this morning was to read the
letters as I indicated to the Senate yesterday
that 1 should ask permission to do. That is
all I desire to do. with a single word of ex-
planation.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The resolution pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts is
not before the Semite if it is objected to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to its consider-
ation now.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. If the President
and Senate will spare me a single word, I
trust, so far as I am concerned, that anything
that arose out of what occurred yesterday may
be ended from any language that the learned
counsel used toward me, and 1 hope that no
further action may be taken upon that matter.
As to the reading of the letters, I propose to
object to that until they can be proved in the
usual course of judicial proceedings.
