1376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
States under the Constitution. _ He felt as
deeply as I could that if this Union was once
overthrown all that we can hope for of con-
stitutional liberty would perish; because if that
Union were once broken up into petty States,
discordant and belligerent, sure as night fol-
lows day anarchy would come first and tyranny
afterward. On the other hand, if the Consti-
tution be overthrown by the centralization of
power here; if the rights of the States which
that Constitution designed to guard and de-
fend shall be trampled down and give place
to the doctrines of absolutism in Congress,
whether claimed under the clauses of the Con-
stitution or found outside the Constitution, it
is equally certain as effect follows cause that
republicanism will give place to imperialism;
the days of the Republic will soon be num-
bered and the days of the empire begin.
Sir, at no period in the history of man, upon
no other continent upon the globe, has consti-
tutional liberty had so fair a trial or so good a
chance for success as with us. The Senator
from Indiana knows and feels this as well as I.
He knows, if either by secession leading to
anarchy and tyranny, or by centralization lead-
ing to imperialism, we now fail, the noblest
aspiration of man from the beginning of time—
the aspiration for constitutional liberty; for
liberty guarded by law; for liberty of the citi-
zen secured against the oppression of over-
bearing majorities as well as against the tyranny
of a single despot—will prove after all to have
been a delusion—a fitful, bloody, and hideous
dream; and that dream is over!
Sir, while I willingly concede to that honor-
able Senator all the devotion any man can have
for the maintenance of the Union, and I hope,
also, for the maintenance of the rights of the
States under the Constitution, by which the
liberties of the individual are mainly secured
and defended, I cannot allow him to attribute
to me for one instant the idea which he now
says is the ruling idea upon our side in the
struggle, namely, that the rebellion was right
or that its suppression was wrong.
It is not only untrue as to me personally; it
is equally untrue as to every other Senator
who lias spoken on this side of the Chamber.
Does the honorable Senator attribute that idea
to his colleague, [Mr. Hexdmcks;] to the
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson ;] to
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bcck-
ai.ew;] to the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Dixon ;] to the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis?] I feel sure he cannot do so.
If we go among the masses of the people
in all the States represented here how does it
stand ? I call attention to the following table:
^ n o 3 g £ y 2 s w ?! ? 9
o <* ^ - — i, is   o p z- T. Z*
s i ■ ?- g
7?- . cr.H.
; g?
: 2.: 5 p : a.: : : : : : Ci.
•stocs
3S
c. ct-
* 0> Si CO l—I Oi
• j o o' ~ i >
wio^f c
Ob-'A-
■loogvio
mi-ow oi'cvc.wicootccicimc^w
ooif*x-lv.(7.-iwviohvic7)ocwm
cc co -j -a i-s c;
-t p i: c
toniw
::wc
CO CO C-'i cc'r7 C; o
c-j cc- ^
•tocoipcn-tci^
t\c tocs
e- 4- tc c-> cc co cc cr> t-c cn ^
co'
-oi
_ -00;cc030 j.
•■(csoootcowcocn-j
By that table it appears that in the great
State of New York there were three hundred
and seventy three thousand men who voted for
the Democratic and Conservative Republican,
(or, to us'e a shorter name, the one applied to
the party which supported General Jackson)
the Democratic Republican candidates last fall.
Among all these, how many could be found
who would now say, or who have ever said, the
rebellion was right? Not one in a hundred.
In the whole sixteen hundred and twenty-three
thousand who voted against the Radical Repub-
lican policy last fall, not sixteen thousand, if
even five thousand, men can be found in all the
States represented in Congress, not native-born
citizens of slave States, who, even for one hour
of their lives, believed the rebellion was right.
That such an idea did once prevail at the
South under the radical teachings of Calhoun
I do not deny. But with the great mass of
that people it has been surrendered, and that
surrender was sealed with the blood of half a
million of men.
Sir, not for myself £,lone, but for those who
act with me here, I reject as untrue, as logically
and historically false, the issue thus stated by
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
In the name ofi more than one million six
hundred thousand men in the States represented
here who sustain the Democratic Republican
party, I protest against this false issue thus
sought to be forced upon them.
I will go further, and in the name of nine
tenths of all the people of all parties in the
Statesnotrepresented, as manifested byalltheir
conventions, by all their public meetings, by '
all their newspapers, by all their privat e letters,
and by three years of peaceful submission, as
well as by their solemn oaths of future alle-
giance, I affirm that they have surrendered
forever all claim of right to secodc and all
thought of rebellion against the authority of the
Constitution and the laws of Congress in pursu-
ance thereof.
The issue thus stated by him is untrue in
fact. The foundation upon which he builds
his speech is unsound. For we maintain as
earnestly as he does or can that the rebellion
was wrong and that its suppression was right.
There is no such issue in fact. lie can make
no such issue either here or before the coun-
try. Ilis paramount idea that the war to sup-
press the rebellion was right is our paramount
idea also. Here we stand side by side.
But what consequences flow from that idea?
That's the real question. There wo begin to
differ. There is the point of departure. He
states his idea of those consequences in these
words: "that," by their rebellion, " the reb-
els forfeited their civil and political rights, and
can only be restored to them upon such condi-
tions as the nation may prescribe for its future
safety." Here we begin to differ. This
statement is partly true and partly false. It
speaks of two things : first, of forfeiture of
rights ; sccond, of conditions of restoration.
As to forfeiture let us first inquire what was
forfeited by treason or rebellion ? The Con-
stitution declares in what treason shall consist,
and that "the Congress shall have power to
declare the punishment of treason." It also
declares "no bill of attainder or ex post facto
law shall be passed," and therefore, by the ex-
press words of the Constitution as well as by
the enlightened conscience of civilized man in
all ages, the forfeitures and penalties of an
offense must be declared before the offense is
committed—before, not afterward.
Pursuant to this power and in performance
of its duty Congress did properly declare by
law the punishment of treason and rebellion,
and the precise forfeitures and all the forfeit-
ures to which the guilty party should be sub-
jected when convicted of that offense. The
law of July 17, 1862, provided that every per-
son who should thereafter commit the crime of
treason against the United States and should
be adjudged guilty thereof should suffer death,
and all his slaves, if any, should be declared
and made free; or, at the discretion of the court,
he should be imprisoned for not less than five
years and fined not less than ten thousand dol-
lars, and all his slaves, if any, should be de-
clared and made free. And it further provided
that if any person should thereafter incite, set
on foot, assist or engage in any rebellion against
the authority of the United States, and be con-
victed thereof, he should be imprisoned not
more than ten years and fined not exceeding
ten thousand dollars, or both, at the discretion
of the court, and his slaves should be set free.
And it was further provided that for either the
offense of treason or rebellion he should also
be forever incapable and disqualified to hold
any office, under the United States.
Here, sir, are the forfeitures, and the only
forfeitures, incurred by treason or rebellion.
These forfeitures do not attach except upon
conviction. By the very language of the law
declaring these forfeitures a conviction is mada
a condition precedent to any forfeiture taking
effect.
The Constitution declares that no person not
in the land or naval forces, or the militia in
actual service in time of war or public danger,
shall be held to answer for a capital or other-
wise infamous crime unless upon a present-
ment or indictment of a grand jury, and that
he shall be entitled to a fair and public trial
by an impartial jury, and, confronting his ac-
_ cusers, shall have compulsory process for wit-
nesses in his favor and the assistanceof counsel
for his defense.
The indictment, the public trial, the testi-
mony of witnesses, the assistance of counsel,
(ho verdict of the jury, and the judgment of
the court are all necessary to convict the ac-
cused. Until that judgment is pronounced
no forfeiture whatever takes effect upon the
accused.
I have spoken thus clearly in order, if pos-
sible, to ascertain the precise truth upon this
matter of forfeiture. This view leads logieally
to this upsult. The forfeiture incurred by the
people of the South has been precisely what
Congress by law declared it should be before
the offense was committed, and Congress has
no power, by ex post facto laws or bills of
attainder, to declare any new or any other
forfeiture.
And now, sir, secondly, as to the conditions
of restoration.
The same law of Congress, in the thirteenth
section, authorized the President, at any time
thereafter, by proclamation, to extend to per-
sons who participated in rebellion pardon arid
amnesty, with such exceptions at such time
and on such conditions as he should deem
expedient for the public welfare.
By virtue of this express authority of Con-
gress, as well as by his paramount authority
under the Constitution, President Lincoln and
President Johnson, following his example, re-
stored hundreds of thousands to their civil
and political rights, which Congress h'as no
power to take away by bills of attainder or
ex post facto laws. As to what is meant by
those forbidden acts of Congress"we are not
left to conjecture, for the Supreme Court say,
in the case of Cummings vs. Missouri, "a bill
of attainder is a legislative act, which inflicts
punishment, without judicial trial. If the pnu-
ishment be less than death the act is termed a
bill of pains and penalties. Within the mean-
ing of the Constitution, bills of attainder in-
clude bills of pains and penalties." The court
also say, upon the authority of the great com-
mentator upon the common law, that "a disa-
bility to hold office" is a punishment.
If there could be any doubt upon that point,
whether disability to hold office is to be deemed
as a punishment within the meaning of the Con-
stitution, that doubt vanishes instantly as we
call to mind the fact that such disability is de-
clared by Congress to be a part of the punish-
ment of treason and rebellion; and therefore
after the offense has been committed for Con-
gress by law to impose any such disability is an
open, palpable, violation of the Constitution,
winch forbids ex post facto punishments and
bills of attainder, including bills of pains and
penalties.
And now, sir, as to the effect of those par-
