1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4449
Committee on the Judiciary, and the under-
standing was that that committee was to delay
reporting favorably upon this bill. It is mani-
fesrly unjust and unfair toward the people who
are adverse lo this measure that it should he
reported here at this late period of the session.
I think it ought not to pass until it has con-
sideration and the remonstrants have had some
opportunity to express themselves and be heard.
They were informed by the committee, or
through those representing the committee, that
this bill would not be agitated at this session.
Mr. CttAGIN. I move to amend the first
section 
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. Oh, no;
let it go.
Mr. ORAGIN. I move to amend by adding
this proviso:
Provided, That the provisions of this act shall only
apply to the States lately in rebellion.
i am opposed to extending the time in the
States where the law has been in full operation.
Seveml Senators. Let it pass without
amendment.
Mr. CliAGIN. I withdraw the amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
■EXECUTIVE EXPANSES.
Mr. MOKIULL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. Li. No. 1448) making appropriations
for certain executive expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 18G'J,
have instructed me to report it back with two
amendments. It is a very short bill, and I
a&k i lie unanimous consent of the Senate to
consider it at the present moment.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It appropriates $20,^00 for the
employment of temporary clerks in the Indian
13uieau. to be employed at the following rates:
our* clerk at ^1,(11)0, six clerks at $1,400 each,
sevon clerks at $1,200 each, and two female
Copyists at S000 each. It also appropriates
$'J,000 lor the employment of temporary clerks
in the Stare Department, who are to receive a
compensation of £1,200 each per annum, jr.
further appropriates o9,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, to pay the salary, oltice
expenses, and clerk hire of the surveyor gen-
eral of Utah Territory, in accordance with the
provisions of the act of July 10, 18(38.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert as an additional
section the following:
A nd he it further < wicted, That the Secretary of the
Tie^uryis hereby authorized and directed to pay,
out, of «iny moiiev in the Treasury not otherwise
appropuaXed, io llenry B. Sre. Mane, the sum of |
lor soi \ lees ,u>d inlomiatiou in the arrt>r. of \
Johu 3J. Su1 uitt ui tile kingdom of Italy, ch.uged
"with tiie <*111not eorispit <icv mux rnnnUM ; iinil The
joL'.t re-o.ut ion for the relict of Henry 13. Ste. Mai
aifpiovod J aly JO, lSbS, be, and the same is hcreuy,
repealed.
Mr. MOKIULL, of Maine. That has passed
both Houses in another form.
Mr. SUMNER. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
And be it further unacted, That there be appropri-
ated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
ai>l>ioi>nated, the sum or $3,000. under the direction
oi! he(JommtsMonci ot Public Buildings and Grounds,
ii>i the pm po?e of building an inched roadway over
'liber Creole on Nordi Capitol street leading to the
Government Printing Otlice: Provided, The city of
"Washington wilt appropriate asuliieient additional
amount to complete it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was leported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments weie concurred
in and ordered to be engrossed, aud the bill to
be read a third time. The bill was read the
third time, and passed.
D1IFENSJ2 OF OFtflUKUS AGAINST SUITS.
Mr. COXKLING. I move !o take up House
bill No. Hot. with a \iew of concurring in an
amendment reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary and sending it back to the House.
40x11 Gcln'g. 2d SiBd.—No. 279.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. li. No. 1131) regulating
judicial proceedings in certain cases for the pro-
tection of officers and agents of the Govern-
ment, and for the better defense of the Treasury
against unlawful claims. It provides that all
the provisions of section eight of the act of
July '28, 1SG0, entitled " An act to protect the
reveuue. and for other purposes,'" and the forms
and modes by that section and the twelfth
section of the act of March 3, 18G3, therein
referred to, prescribed for prosecuting suits,
withholding executions, and paying judgments
against officers of the United States, or other
persons engaged in executing the acts relative
to captured and abandoned property, shall ex-
tend and be applied to all suits and proceedings
(except those in behalf of the United States)
which have been brought, or may hereafter be
brought, against any officer or agent of the
Government, civil or military, for acts done
during the rebellion while acting by virtue or
under color of his office or employment; and
every defendant in such suit or proceeding hav-
ing made full defense thereto, and having noti-
fied the Attorney General of the United States
to appear and defend the same, is to be entitled
to the full benefit and protection provided in
that section for officers aud agents of the Gov-
ernment engaged in the collection of the pub-
lic revenue ; and any defendant being aggrieved
by any order or direction, certificate, ruling,
or judgment of any court made or had in any
such proceeding, may except thereto and ap-
peal therefrom to the Supreme Court of the
United States, and have the questions arising
there heard and determined.
No action or suit is to be maintained in any
court of the United States, or of any State
thereof, in the name or in the behalf or interest
of any alien against the United States, or any
person for or on account of any act done or
omitted to be done by sucli person as an officer
or agent of the United States in the adminis-
tration of the act of Congress entitled "iVn act
to provide for the collection of abandoned prop-
erty and for the prevention of frauds in insur-
lecliouary districts within the United States,"
approved March 1", 1808, or of the act of Con-
gress entitled ''An act in addition to the sev-
eral acts concerning commercial intercourse
between loyal and insurrectionary States, and
to provide for the collection of captured and
abandoned property, and the prevention of
fiauds in States declared in insurrection.''
approved July 2, IStU, or in virtue or under '<
color of those acts of Congress, or any other
acts of Congress relative to the insurrectionary
Slates, or to person or property therein, and
to any action or suit which may have been
heretofore, or shall hereafter be instituted by
anv alien against the United States, or any such
pcisun, on account of any act done or omitted
to be done the defendant may and shall plead
or allege in bar thereof that such act was done
or omitted to be done in the administiation of
one of those acts of Congress, or in virtue or
undercolor thereof, and such plea or allega-
tion, if the fact be sustained by the proof, is
to be. and shall be deemed and adjudged in
law to he, a complete and conclusive bar to any
such sir.' or action; but this seclkm is not to ]
be eonsti tied so as to deprive aliens who are j
citizens or subjects of any Government which :
aceoids to citizens of the United States the
right to prosecute claims against such Govern-
ment in its courts, of the privilege of prose-
cuting claims against the United Slates m the
Court of Claims as now provided by law. It
is declared to have been the true intent and
meaning of the act. approved March 12, lsiio,
entitled ''An act to provide for the collection
of abandoned propeity and tor the prevention
of frauds in insurrectionary districts within the
United States.'' that the remedy given in cases
of seizure made under Ihe act. by preferring
claim in the Court of Claims, should be exclu-
sive, precluding the owner of any pioperly
taken by agents of the Treasury -Department
as abandoned or captured property m virtue
or under color of the act from suit at common
law, or any other mode of redress whatever,
before any court or tribunal other than the
Court of Claims; and in all cases in which suits
of trespass, replevin, detinue, or any other
form of action may have been brought and are
now pending, or shall hereafter be brought
against any person for or on account of private
property taken by such person as an officer or
agent ot the United States, in virtue or under
color of that act, or the act approved July 2,
1864, entitled "An act in addition to the sev-
eral acts concerning commercial intercourse
between loyal and insurrectionary States, and
to provide for the collection of captured and
abandoned property, and the prevention of
Irauds in States declared in insurrection," the
defendant may and shall plead or allege in bar
thereof that such act was done or omitted to
be done by him as an officer or agent of the
United States in the administration of one of
those acts of Congress, or in virtue or under
color thereof, and such plea or allegation, if
the fact be sustained by the proof is to be, and
shall be deemed and adjudged in law to be, a
complete and conclusive bar to any such suit
or action.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported an
amendment, to insert at the end of the bill the
following:
Provided, That no judgment recovered in accord-
ance with this act shall be paid by the United States
unless the amount received bv the defendant as the
proceeds of the transaction which was the foundation
of the suit shall have been paid into the Treasury,
oxcept upon an appropriation duly made there/or
alter a full examination of the claim upon its merits.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in, and
ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read
a third time. The bill was read the third
time.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise simply to express my
opposition to the bill. It is not my purpose to
make any speech against it, nor to make a sol-
itary remark against its passage, but simply to
express my utter opposition lo the passage of
any such measure.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have not been able
to satisfy my judgment that this bill ought to
pass. J do not expect at this stage of the ses-
sion to make any special opposition to the bill.
1 tried to see its merits in the Committee on the
Judiciary, but was notable to do so. How far
it would go, how much may it involve, f can-
not undertake to say now, but 1 think it is not
a safe bill to pass.
The bill was passed.
OKJDEIl OK BUPIXE3S.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. till.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, the bill indicated by the Senator
from Massachusetts will be taken up.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 wish to move to take
up the bill granting a pension to Mrs. Hackle-
man.
Mr. SUMNEIl. Let this bill be acted oil
first. It will not take a minute.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 ask to take up a bill
which I have tried to take up ever since my
colleague left, and which he was seeking to have
considered when he did leave, for the lelief of
Mrs. llackleman, the widow of General Hatk-
leman, to giant her a pension, and 1 ask its
consideration now. It has been utterly impos-
sible for mc to get the floor: the Senator has
occupied the floor to the extent of my obser-
vation about hall the time. 1 think u but rea-
sonable that some of the rest of us should have
an opportunity occasionally to get up a bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit a privi-
leged motion, one which must be adopted if we
intend to close without au extra session. It is
impossible to pa.--; all the bills that Senators
ha-e in charge. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executivejiusinsss.
We have scarcely lime left now to finish that
business.
Mr. HEND.RICK3. Let me pass this bill.
