THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
the letu-rs to them. I said I would most as-
suredly lei them have them if he would return
the originals ; and i would hand the letters
and copies to them. The gentleman can take
them with the understanding that he returns
them to me.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. There can be no
further discussion of this matter except with
the consent of the, Senate.
Mr. NELSON. There are the letters, [send-
ing the papers to Mr. Manager Butler.]
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No, sir; lettliem
go on the files.
Mr. NELSON. I will deposit them with the
Secretary for the present.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Let them go on
the files.
[The papers were handed to the Secretary.]
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel for
the President will proceed with the argument.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice atid Sen-
ators, if indeed we have arrived at a settled
conclusion that this is a court, that it is gov-
erned by the law, that it is to confine its at-
tention to the facts applicable to the law, and
regard the sole evidence of those facts to bo
embraced within the testimony of witnesses or
documents produced in court, we have made
great progress in separating, at least, from your
further consideration much that has been im-
pressed upon your attention heretofore.
If the idea of power and will is driven from
this assembly, if the President is here no longer
exposed to attacks upon the same principle on
which men claim to hunt the Hon and harpoon
the whale, then, indeed, much that has been
said by the honorable Managers, and much that
is urged upon your attention from so many
quarters, falls harmless in your midst. It
cannot be said of-this Senate, fcrtur numeris
leges solutis, that it is carried by numbers
unrestrained by law. On the contrary, right
here is might and power: and, as its servants
and in its investigation and pursuit, your sole
duty is exhausted. It follows from this that
the President is to be tried upon the charges
which are produced here, and not upon com-
mon fame, and, least of all, is he to be charged
in your judgment, as he has been inveighed
against hour after hour in argument, upon
charges which the impeaching authority of the
House of Representatives deliberately threw
out as unworthy of impeachment and unsuit-
able for trial. We, at least, when we have an
indictment brought into court and another in-
dictment ignored and thrown out are to be
tried upon the former and not upon the latter.
And, if on the 9th of December, of the last
year, the House of Representatives, with whom,
by the Constitution, rests the sole impeaching
power under this Government, by a vote of
one hundred and seven to fifty-seven, threw
out all the topics that fill up the declamatory
addresses of the learned Managers, it is enough
for me to say, that for reasons satisfactory to
that authority, the House of Representatives,
that bill was thrown out and those charges were
withheld.
So, too, if it be a trial on public prosecu-
tion, and with the ends of public justice alone
in view, the oidinary rule of restraint of the
conduct of the prosecuting authorities applies
here; and I do not hesitate to say that this
trial—to be, in our annals, the most conspicu-
ous that our history will present; to be scruti-
nized by more professional eyes, by the atten-
tion of more scholars at home and abroad; to
be preserved in more libraries; to be judged
of as a national trait, a national scale, a na-
tional criterion forever—presents an unexam-
pled spectacle of a prosecution that over-
reaches judgment from the very beginning and
inveighs and selects and impugns and op-
presses as if already convicted, at every stage,
the victim they pursue. The duty, the con-
straint upon a prosecuting authority under a
government of law pursuing only the public
justice is scarcely less strict and severe than
that which rests upon the judge himself. To
select evidence, having possession of better;
to exclude evidence, knowing that it bears
upon the inquiry ; to restrict evidence, know-
ing that the field is thus closed against the true
point of justice, is no part of a prosecuting
authority's duty or power. Whatever may be
permitted in the private contests of the forum,
in the zeal of contending lawyers for con-
tending clients, there is no such authority, no
such duty, no such permission by our laws in
a public prosecution. Much less, when the
proofs have been thus kept narrow, when the
charges are thus precise and technical, is it
permissible for a prosecuting authority to en-
large the area of declamation and invective.
Much less is it suitable for a public prosecu-
tion to inspire in the minds of the court preju-
dice and extravagance of jurisdiction beyond
the points properly submitted.
It has usually been supposed that upon actual
trials involving serious consequences forensic
discussion was the true method of dealing with
the subject, and we lawyers appearing for the
President being, as Mr. Manager Boctwei.l
has been polite enough to say, "attorneys
whose practice of the law has sharpened but
not enlarged their intellects," have confined
ourselves to that method of forensic discussion.
But we have learned here that there is another
method of forensic controversy which may be
called the method of concussion. I under-
stand the method of concussion to be to make
a violent, noisy, and explosive demonstration
in the vicinity of the object of attack, whereas
the method of discussion is to penetrate the
position and if successful to capture it. The
Chinese method of warfare is the method of
concussion, and consists of a great braying
of trumpets, sounding of gongs, shouts, and
shrieks in the neighborhood of the opposing
force, which rolled away and the air clear
and calm again the effect is to be watched
for. But it has been reserved for us in our
modern warfare, as illustrated during the
rebellion, to present a more singular and
notable instance of the method of warfare by
concussion than has ever been known before.
A fort impregnable by the method of discus-
sion, that is, penetrating and capturing it, has
been on the largest scale attempted by the
method of concussion, and some two hundred
and fifty tons of gunpowder in a hulk moored
near the stone walls of the fort has been made
the means and the occasion of this vast experi-
ment. Unsatisfied with that trial and its result
the honorable Manager who opened this case
[Mr. Butler] seems to have repeated the ex-
periment in the vicinity of the Senate. [Laugh-
ter.] The air was filled with epithets, the
dome shook with invective. Wretchedness and
misery and suffering and blood, not included
within the record, were made the means of this
explosive mixture. And here we are surviving
the concussion, and after all reduced to the
humble and homely method of discussion which
belongs to " attorneys whoso intellects have
been sharpened but not enlarged by the prac-
tice of the law." [Laughter.]
In approaching, then, the consideration of
what constitutes impeachable offenses, within
the true method and duty of that solemn and
unusual procedure and within the Constitution,
we see why it was that the effort was to make
this an inquisition of office instead of a trial of
personal and constitutional guilt; for if it is an
inquest of office " erowm-r's quest law" will do
throughout for us, instead of the more solemn
precedents ami the more dignified authorities '
and duties which belong to solemn trial. Mr. I
Manager Butixr has given us a very thorough j
and well-considercd suggestion of what consti- ]
tutes an impeachable offense. Let me ask your ]
attention to it: and every one of these words j
is underscored by the honorable Manager: j
" Wo define, therefore, an impeachable high crime J
or misdemeanor to be one in its nature or conse-
quences subversive of some fundamental or essential !
principle of government, or highly prejudicial to the
public intcre-r, and this may consist of aviolationof
tile Constitution, of law, of an ofiiciat oath, or of
duty, by an act committed or omiltcd, or, without
violating a positive law. by the abuse of discretionary
powers from improper motives or lor any improper
purpose."
See what large elements are included in this,
the Manager's definition! It must be "sub-
versive of some fundamental or essential prin-
ciple of government, " "highly prejudicial to
the public interest, " and must proceed "from
improper motives " and for an " improper pur-
pose. " That was intended, in the generality
of its terms, to avoid the necessity of actual
and positive crime: but it has given us in one
regard everything that is needed to lift the
peccability of these technical offenses of mere
statutory infraction out of the region of im-
peachable offense. It is not that you may
accuse of a definite and formal crime, and then
have outside of your indictment, not covered
by charge or admitted for proof or counter-
vailing proof, large accusations that touch these
general subjects, but that the actunder inquiry,
charged and proved or refuted by proof, must
bo of itself such as, within its terms and reg-
ular and natural consequence, thus touches
vital interests or fundamental principles.
The fallacy of these general qualifying terms is
in making them the substance of the crime in-
stead of the conditions of impeachability. You
must have the crime definite under law and
Constitution, and even then it is not impeach-
able unless you affect it with some of the pub-
lic and general and important qualities thataro
indicated in this definition of the learned and
honorable Manager.
We may look, perhaps, at the statement
made by the Managers of the House of Repre-
sentatives on this subject of what constitutes
an impeachable offense in the trial of Judge
Peck, Mr. Buchanan, of Pennsylvania, chair-
man of the managers, being the speaker:
"What is an impeachable offense ? Thisisapre-
liminaiy question which demands attention. It
must be decided before tho court can rightly under-
stand what it is they have to try. The Constitution
of tho United States declares the tenure of the judi-
ciai office to bo 'duringRood behavior.' Official mis-
behavior, therefore, in a judge is a forfeiture of his
office. But when we.say this we have advanced only
a small distance. Another question meets us. What
is misbehavior in office.' In answer to this question,
and without pretonding to furnish a definition, I
freely admit we are bound to prove that tho respond-
ent has violated the Constitution or some known law
of the land. This, I thmk, was tho principle fairly
to be deduced from all the arguments on the trial of
•Judge Chase and from the votes of the Senate in
the articles ot impoaehuient against him."—Peak's
Trial, p. 427.
That crime, in the sense of substantial guilti-
ness, personal delinquency, moral opprobrious
blame, is included even under the largest and
most liberal accusation that was espoused and
defended by the managers in Hastings's im-
peachment,, is to be gathered from one of the
many splendid passages of Burke's invective
in that cause:
" As to tho crime which we charge, we first consid-
ered well what it was in its nature, and under all the
circumstances which attended it. We weighed it
with all its extenuations and with all its aggrava-
tion^. On that review we are warranted to assert
that the crimes with which wecharge the prisonerat
the bar a re substantial crimes ; that they urenoeri ors
or mistakes, such as wise andgood men might possi-
bly fall into: which may even produce very perni-
cious effcets, without being, in fact, great offenses.
The Commons arc too liberal not to allow for the
difficulties of a great and arduous public situation.
They know too well the domineering necessities
which irequent fy occui in all great affairs. Theyknow
tho exigency of a pressing occasion which in its pre-
eipitatecareorbcarseverythingdownbeforeit, which
does not give time to the mind to recollect its facul-
ties, to rcenfoioc its leason, and to have recourse to
fixed principles, but by compelling an instant and
tumultuous decision too otten obliges men to decide
in a manner that calm judgment would certainly
have l ejected. Wo know, as we are to be served by
men, that the persons who serve us must be tried as
men, and with a very largo allowance indeed to hu-
man infirmity and human error. This, my lords, we
knew, and we weighed before we came before you.
.Kat the crimes which we charge in these articles^ are
not lapses, defects, errors of common human frailty,
which, as we know and feel, we nan aflow for. We
charge this offender with no crimes that have not
arisen from passions which it is criminal to harbor:
with no offenses that have not their root in avarice,
rapacity, pride, insolence, ferocity, treachery, cruelty,
malignity of temper; in short, in nothing that does
not argue a total extinction of all moral principle,
that dues not manifest an inveterate blackness, dyed
ingrain with malice, vitiated, corrupted, gangrened
to the very core. If we do not plant his crimes in
those vices which tho heart of man is inadcto abhor,
and file slint of ail laws, human and divine, to ill! er-
dict, we desire no longer to lie heard on this occasion.
Let eveiyliiin^ that can be pleaded oil the gioond
