1B68.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1377
dons granted by the Executive, allow me to
adopt as my own the language of Justice Field
in pronouncing the opinion of the Supreme
Court in the case of 'Garland, when speaking
of the pardoning power of the President;
" The Constitution provides that the Presidentshall
havepowt'rtograntreprievesand pardons for offenses
against the United States except in cases of impeach-
ment, *
*' The power thus conferred is unlimited, with the
exception stated. It extends to every offense known
to the law, and may be exercised at any time after its
commission, either before legal proceedings arc taken
or during their pendency, or after conviction and
judgment. The power of the President is not subject
to legislative control. Congress can neither limit the
effect of this pardon nor exclude from its exercise any
class of offenders. The benign prerogative of mevcy
reposed^in him cannot bo fettered by any legislative
restrictions. *'
"Such being the case, the inquiry arises as to the
effect and operation of a pardon, and on this point
all the authorities concur. A pardon reaches both
the punishment prescribed for the offense and the
guilt of the offender; and when the pardon is full it
releases the punishment and blots out of existence
the guilt, so that in the eye of the law the offender is
as innocent as if he had never committed the offense.
If granted before conviction it prevents any of the
penal ties and disabilities consequent upon conviction
from attaching; if granted after conviction it removes
the penalties and disabilities and restores him to all
his civil rights; it makes him, as it were, a new man,
and gives him a new credit and capacity."
This power «to pardon thus vested in the
President, beyond the power of Congress to
limit or take away, of necessity lies at the very
foundation of all restoration or reconstruction
at the South. In tbis is the power to wipe out
the offense; in this is the power to blot out of
existence the guilt of the offenders, as well as
to release from forfeiture. It is a power vested
in the Executive which Congress, in every
effort it makes to take it away, makes a new
war upon the Constitution itself.
There is another power vested in the Execu-
tive, under the Constitution and the laws of
Congress, of 110 less importance—I mean the
power to make war and to make peace; to
put down the rebellion and then to disband
the army. If the Constitution had not done
so the laws passed by Congress authorized
and directed him to do both. From time to
time Congress authorized him, first, to raise
two millions of armed men and to expend
$5,000,000,000 to pat down the rebellion ; ana
second, when he had done that work, to dis-
band that immense army, return them to their
honing, and cease that expenditure. In a
word, the Presidentwas clothed with the power
to make war and make peace, granting am-
nesty upon such terms and to such persons as
he deemed proper. By the decision of the
Supreme Court, as Commander-in-Chief, he
was vested with all the authority necessary to
establish provisional governments. He had
no power, Congress has no power, to establish
constitutions for States, for it is of the very
essence of a republican Government that the
people themselves should form their own con-
stitutions. The President, however, before he
withdrew the Army from those States, had the
power, indeed it was his duty, to know that
the governments left behind him should not
raise a new rebellion; and therefore it was
that he prescribed an oath of allegiance and
excepted certain leading rebels from taking
partin their reorganization. Hedid notassume
to fix the qualifications of voters nor to form
constitutions, but only to see that those who
voted and took partin restoring the machinery
of government under their constitutions had
renounced their rebellion. This was a proper
exercise of his discretion, under the Constitu-
tion and under the laws of Congress, both in
granting pardon and amnesty as the organ of
clemency, and in judging and deciding when
the rebellion was suppressed, when it was safe
to withdraw and disband the Army as Com-
mander-in-Chief: in short, to make peace and
then to sheathe the nation's sword.
But the Senator from Indiana says he has
been "educated." Perhaps he has been edu-
cated up to the point of maintaining with the
Senator from Massachusetts that the States of
the South as States rebelled. If that assump-
tion be true it does not change or lessen the
powers of the President, under the Constitution
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 87.
nor under the laws of Congress at all; it would
give them a wider meaning. If he was deal-
ing with Statesas rebels when, as Commander-
in-Chief, he was directed by Congress to draw
the sword to put the rebels down, and when
he had done that to sheathe the sword, "his
power to take the surrender of States, if States
were the rebels, was, of necessity, implied. Thes
work he was directed to do was to put down
the rebels, and when that was done to return
the sword to its scabbard. If States were
rebels in arms he had as much power to take
their surrender as he had to take the surrender
of their armies.
But, sir, 1 shall not go^over the whole ground
now. I did on a former occasion discuss these
questions at considerable length, in January,
1866. What I then maintained has not been
answered, and every day has confirmed me in
the opinion of the soundness of the views then
expressed. I will not trespass on the time of
the Senate to restate them now. All I desire
further to say upon this print is, the reconstruc-
tion policy of Congress which assumes to annul
the pardons legally and constitutionally given
is an intolerable injustice, a palpable violation
of the Constitution which no principle can jus-
tify and no good policy excuse. Impartial his-
tory will record it as a violation of the na-
tional faith.
When I spoke of the great injustice of forc-
ing negro suffrage upon theStates of the South
against their will the Senator hardly attempts
to answer that. He puts it aside as an appeal
to the prejudice of race. Sir, does not the
Senator know that if Congress should attempt
to force negro suffrage upon the States repre-
sented here against their will it would probably
overthrow the Government? Does not that
Senator know that in some things the senti-
ments, the instincts, the prejudices even of men
are stronger and truer than reason ? Does he
not know that in legislating, especially in efforts
to pacify a country disturbed by civil war, noth-
ing is to be more carefully considered than the
sentiments and feelings of a people? In paci-
fying the Indian territory we provided by treaty
that if the Choctaws and Chickasaws would
not allow the negroes among them to have the
right of suffrage the negroes should have a
Territory set apart for themselves. Can wo not
have equal respect for the deepseated preju-
dices of white men in the States of fhe South,
if prejudices they are?
Making peace is, of necessity, an executive
duty; after war with a foreign Power, by a
treaty of peace negotiated with the represent-
atives of that Power by the President and rati-
fied by the Senate; after war against our own
States or citizens to suppress rebellion, not by
a new treaty—for the Constitution is a treaty
and more than a #-eaty—but by executing the
laws made in pursuance to the Constitution
and compelling obedience thereto; for obe-
dience to the laws is peace. He is clothed by
the Constitution with the power to pardon, and,
as we have seen by the decision of the court,
that power is not subject to legislative restric-
tion. In that is involved the whole power to
make peace with all citizens or persons within
the jurisdiction of the United States amena-
ble to its laws. In addition to that, by his
power as Commander-in-Chief, under the Con-
stitution and laws he was made the judge of
the time when the rebellion ceased, whether
the rebels are to be regarded as States, as the
Senator from Massachusetts contends, or as
citizens levying war against the United States,
as I have always maintained.
The Senator's speech of 1805 [Mr. Mortox's]
demonstrated the identity of Mr. Johnson's
policy with that of Mr. Lincoln, and in all
things justified the policy of restoration com-
menced by Mr. Lincoln, and continued by Mr.
Johnson until the meeting of Congress in De-
cember, 1865.
But the Senator says that the Senate has been
educated, and led to the adoption of new ideas
and new policies. I admit the fact, right or
wrong, they have been educated; they have
made great progress in the new school of radical
reconstruction; and I propose to show by the
record when the Senate took its first great les-
son and the master who gave it. I pass over
the protest of Messrs. Wade and Davis against
Mr. Lincoln's reconstruction policy. . I pass
over the convention at Cleveland, called to de-
feat that policy by defeating his reelection.
The call itself denounced that policy as "imbe-
cile and treacherous to justice and to freedom."
It called upon the people "in thunder tones to
come to the rescue of the cause of impartial
justice and universal freedom, threatened with
betrayal and overthrow" by Mr. Lincoln. I
pass over the scenes in the convention which
renominated him, when the great master ii>
the radical school of reconstruction of the other
House, sought to commit that convention to
the same radical policy which rules Congress
to-day. I pass over all that because in the
nomination and reelection of Mr. Lincoln, the
people, by overwhelming majorities, repudi-
ated that new policy as utterly false, and sus-
tained the reconstruction policy of President
Lincoln. But I propose to come at once to
the school of reconstruction opened here, in
this Senate. I shall call up scenes of which
most of us are living witnesses, and of which
the Globe is an imperi-hable record. On the
2-3th of February, 1865, jast before the end of
the session after the reelection and just before
the inauguration of Mr. Lincoln, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution recog-
nizing the government of the State of Louisi-
ana, organized by the people of that State un-
der the proclamation of President Lincoln.
It was then the Senator from Massachusetts
began to play his grand role as master in the
radical school of reconstruction in the Sen-
ate. He then practically applied his first les-
son. It was the same idea i'or which the Sen-
ator from Indiana now so ably contends; the
same idea which now controls the majority,-
namely, that under the guarantee clause of the
Constitution Congress has power to impose
negro suffrage as the basis of republican State
governments. Then the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts stood almost alone. Now every
Senator then here and who supported Mr.
Lincoln's Administration except three have
renounced Mr. Lincoln's policy and adopted the
policy of the Senator from Massachusetts.
They have gone over to him and stand by his
side.
1 go too far, perhaps, when I say he stood
alone, for he was supported by the allied
forces of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. WadeQ
on his right, and of the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Powell] on his left. His right
wing, including himself, consisted of five Rad-
ical Senators, and his left of six or eight mem-
bers of the Opposition. Sustained-by this small
force the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] gallantly and successfully led the
assault upon this vital measure of Mr. Lin-
coln's Administration, and thereby adminis-
tered his first lesson to the majority. The
progress they have made will be seen here-
after.
The Senator from Illinois then, as now, was
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. _ He
stood then as the champion of the Administra-
tion, surrounded and sustained by a solid pha-
lanx of eighteen Senators, all determined sup-
porters of Mr. Lincoln's policy, and fully re-
solved to admit to representation the State of
Louisiana. For weeks, with his usual ability,
earnestness, and pertinacity, he had struggled
to bring the Senate to a vote. The first lesson
in this educating process, administered by the
Senator from Massachusetts, was in the form
of a long amendment offered as a substitute for
the joint resolution. It contained nine sections.
The first asserted the power of Congress
under the guarantee clause to reestablish by act
of Congress republican forms of government,
the very clause under which the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mv. Mortox] now asserts
the power to establish negro suffrage in the
States of the South,
In the second he asserted that this power
