1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
was to be exercised by the United States; not
by the President alone, nor by Congress alone,
but by the President and both Houses of Con-
gress. The same idea now stated in other
words by the Senator from Indiana.
]n the third section, in substance, he insisted
that there could be no government republican
in form unless suffrage should be extended
equally to the blacks as well ,as to the whites.
The other sections in 110 way qualify the
first three.
But in order to simplify this first lesson in
its application, to reduce it to a single idea of
easy comprehension, and to bring the Senate
to a vote upon the precise point, and, I will
add, the very point of controversy which then
began, but has since raged with more and still
more intensity down to this very hour, the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts offered
the following amendment:
"Provided, That this shall not take effect except
upon the ftmdamental condition that within tho
State thero shall be no denial of the elective fran-
chise, or any other lights on account of color or
race, but all persons shall be equal beforo the laws."
I do not mean this was the first time that
Senator had advocated the same idea; I mean
this was the first lime it was applied to the
question of reconstruction. During the debate,
in answer to a question of the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Henderson",] the
Senator from Massachusetts insisted that the
constitution of Louisiana was not republican
in form, because it did not give suffrage to the
colored men of Louisiana. A dialoguge ensued.
1 read as follows:
" Mr. IIenbersom. Now, Mr. President, I desire
to ask the Senator if tho Congress of the United
States can interfere with the right of huflVase in any
of the States of this Union; I put tho question to
him :is a constitutional lawyer.
"Mr. Sum.\*i:r. I answer at once as a constitu-
tional lawyer, that at the present time, under tho
woids of the Constitution of the United 8tates declar-
ing: that the United States shall guaranty to every
State a republican form of government, it is the
bounden duty of the United States, by act of Oon-
gress. to guaranty complete freedom to'every citizen,
md immunity from ail oppression, and absolute
equality before the law,"
A long struggle ensued. Many votes were
taken, disclosing the fact, as I have said, that
in his right wing he could muster butfive Radi-
cal Senators, including himself, and in his left
sometimes four and sometimes seven.
Mr. DAVIS, if the honorable Senator will
allow me, I will make an explanation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope my honorable
friend will wait until I get through. I intend no
discourtesy, but if I yield I shall be compelled
to continue my remarks much longer than I
desire.
Mr. DAVIS. I only wanted to say that the
position of the '• left wing," as the honorable
Senator terms it, was equally hostile to both
projects.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. T understand that. The
issne then was preeisely-the issue now, except
that now is superadded to negro suffrage mil-
itary despotism to enforce it. The argument
then was the same as now. The Senator from
Indiana has restated the argument in another,
perhaps in more condensed form. But I mean
no discourtesy when 1 say that in the amend-
ment and speeches of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts lie will tind every substantive propo-
sition taken by him, or advocated by his friends,
upon the power and duty of Congress during
this debate. The only difference is; the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts then stood in a feeble
minority, now the great majority stand by his
side. While the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Dixon,] the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Johnson,'] and myself, who then stood
with the large majority, now, of all who were
then here and supported the Administration
of Mr. Lincoln, stand alone, battling in the
same cause, against the same ideas, and against,
if possible, still more palpable usurpations of
power by Congress than even the Senator from
Massachusetts dared then to advocate. Has
he changed his ground ? If he has, it'has been
only to advance to keep up with the advancing
education of his Radical friends. He is fight-
ing 011 that same line, and so are we. But
why is the majority then with us now with
him ? What reason can be given for this great
change of base? My friend from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] gives the true reason. He says the
majority have been educated.
My friend from Massachusetts ought to feel
a sense of profound satisfaction to see the
progress they have made. I mean no discourt-
esy when I say the ideas advanced by him that
night, rejected then by a majority of four to
one, rale the Senate now. Not only have they
educated, they have Sumnerized the Senate.
And now, Mr. President, for the specifica-
tions. In order to show how, when, and where
this great work was done, 1 shall read from
the records. They are both amusing and in-
structive. Before doing so, I must remind the
Senate that my honorable friend from Kansas,
[Mr. Pomeroy,] who assails my speech so vig-
orously now, was then with me battling for the
rights of Louisiana and Arkansas to represent-
ation as well as for flie rights of all the Stales
to determine each for itself the qualifications
of suffrage.
The little rebellion against Mr. Lincoln's Ad-
ministration, which he joined when he signed
the call for the Cleveland convention, had been
suppressed. lie had renewed bis allegiance,
received amnesty, and been restored to full
fellowship.
Mr. POMEROY. I never signed any call
for the Cleveland convention.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If that be true I stand
corrected. I understood my friend favored
the call.
Mr. POMEROY. I never signed it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps not, but I un-
derstood lie was one of the originators and
favorers of it. I say he was restored to full
fellowship. lie proved himself a good and
faithful soldier on the memorable occasion to
which I shall refer. He protested as earnestly
as I did then against that fatal heresy that
under the power to guaranty a republican form
of government Congress has power to impose
ttniversal negro suffrage upon the States in this
Union against their will, and thus to trample
down the sacred right of every State for itself
to fix the qualifications of its own electors, a
right without which a State ceases to be re-
publican at all.
In language clear, strong, and to the point
he said, (February 23, 1865:)
" Hr. President, I am opposed to this amendment.
I usually vote lor everything that tho Senator from
Massachusetts brings forward on the anti-slavery
question, but I am opposed to this amendment in
the first place because I do not supposo we havo a
right to say what shall be the qualifications of voters
in any State of the Union. The peoplo of my own
State are supposed to bo loyal. They aro as radical
us the citizens of MassaolmseUs, but they are not
loyal enough to allow Oongrew to dictate to them
what kind of qualifications for voting they shall
have/' ^ '* * * * ■* *
" For one, sir, X am for leaving this question of suf-
frage to the citizens of the States, and 1 claim it is
their right to admit whoever they choose to the bal-
lot-box. Ito not loyal enough myself to allow my
own rigbtsas aeitizen of a State to be trampled upon
in that way. I would not be dictated to as a citizen
of a sovereign State by Congress or any other power
as to what kind of citizens of my State should be al-
lowed to vote. If they choose to let all the citizens,
including the women, to vote, it is not a matter for
Congress to interfere with." * * :: *
"but. so far as I am concerned I shall vote against
all amendments that look like dictation on the part
ot Congress to any State whether they shall let the
right ofeuifrage be enjoyed by a whole or a part of
the people."
Sir, this argument is unanswerable. The
elaiin that under the power of the United
States to guaranty republican forms of govern-
ment in the States, Congress can impose negro
suffrage, would give Congress p ower also to
impose woman suffrage, or restrict suffrage to
men over fifty years of age, or impose any
other qualification. This argument of my
friend from Kansas against this power was
conclusive then when he so ably urged it. It
is now when I repeat and adopt it as a part
of my own. Ho fails entirely to answer it now.
Within his reasoning then the Constitution !
gave Congress no power to regulate suffrage I
in the States. To do so then was to destroy I
and trample underfoot the rights of the States.
He declared that, loyal as ho was, he was not
loyal enough to submit to that. But now,
when Congress forces negro suffrage upon ten
States against their will, by military power;
when Congress now, as it does in this bill,
at one blow, not or.Iy.-destroys the State gov-
ernment of Bouisiana, for which he and I then
struggled, but destroys all civil government, in
nine other States, including four of the old
thirteen, and including also the State govern-
ment of Virginia, which he knows the Supreme
Court, both Houses of Congress, and Presi-
dent Lincoln sustained by the written opinions
of his Cabinet, including Mr. Stanton, and the
Chief Justice recognized in every form, and
which he very well knows had Senators on
this floor during tho whole war; now, when he
sees Congress, in a time of profound peace,
usurp the power to do all that, the Senator
from Kansas sees no wrong at all! What
shall I say? what can I say? He has, indeed,
been educated! He is, indeed, an aptseholar!
He has made marvelous proficiency in the
school of Sumnerism. He no longer protests
against—lie advocates the usurpation; now,
when he sees the Constitution trampled down
by a usurpation upon the rights of the States,
to which neither he nor his State would then
submit, he no longer raises his voice against
the outrage, but urges it on: When he sees con-
stitutional liberty herself bound and scourged
and crowned with thorns here—here in her
own sacred temple—he joins his voice arwong
the loudest to cry, "Away with her; crucify
her, crucify her."
Mr. STEWART. I desire to know, as a
matter of fact 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator desires
to correct me I hope he will do it when I am
through. I do not wish to trespass too long
on the time of the Senate, and i have a great
deal more to say.
Mr. STEWART. I presume the Senator
does not intend to misrepresent the Senate.
The position 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have not referred to
the Senator at all. He knows that I intend
no discourtesy to him ; but I must decline to
yield.
Mr. STEWART. But the position attrib-
uted to 
- Mr. DAVIS. I call the Senator from Nevada
to order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin has the floor, and cannot
be interrupted without his consent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am arguing with my
friend frotn Kansas.
Neither has the education of my colleague
in this respect been altogether neglected, side
by side with me and with the majority be stood
around the Administration of Mr." Lincoln
ready to raise bis strong arm in its support',
both upon the ground of principle and of pol-
icy. I remember on one occasion he volun-
teered to be its champion against all comers.
Where does he stand now? What progress
has he made? What is the state of his radical
education? We find him high advanced, if
not at the very summit. I will not say in the
school of Sumnerism, for I have sometimes
thought he was setting up a school of his own.
But any one will see his position when I read a
most, explicit declaration made here on the 6th
of January last. I doubt whether he has not
gone even beyond the Senator from .Massachu-
setts. He said:
"Over and over again, Mr. President. Iliaveargued
to the Senate and to the country that the authority
ctfiIenTt° ■ n,<ltl.onal Legislature to disfranchisea
State. It is not given to the Senate: it is not given
to the House; it is givon to the Legislature, plainly
given, and if it ought to be exercised in any ease if
it is authorized to be enforced in anyease.it is when-
ever you are convinced that the community is dis-
loyal and traitorous.
Has the Setfator from Massachusetts ever
said as much as that?
My colleague maintains that Congress has
authority to disfranchise a State. \Vhenever
a majority of both Houses choose to exercise
that power they may expel a State from rep-
