344
SUPPLEMENT TO
of surprise or error upon those grounds bo pleaded
with success; we give up the whole of those predica-
ments. We urge no crimes tha.t are not crimes of
forethought. We charge him with nothing that he
did not commit upon deliberationthat he did not
commit against advice, supplication, and remon-
strance: that he did not commit against the direct
command of lawful authority; that ho did not com-
mit after reproof and reprimand, the reproof and rep-
rimand of those who are authorized by the laws to
reproveand reprimand him. Tho crimes of Mr. Has-
tings are crimes not only in themselves, but aggra-
vated by being crimes of contumacy. They were
crimes not against forms, but against those eternal
la.ws of justico which aroour ruleand our birthright.
His offenses are not in formal, technical language,
but in reality, in substance and cffect, Mah crimes
and high misdemeanors."—Burke's Works, vol. 7, pp.
13,14.
And so the articles charged tliern, not leav-
ing it to the declamation or invention of the
orators of that great occasion. I need not
insist, in repetition of the very definite, concise,
and f must think effective argument of the
learned counsel who opened this case for the
respondent, [Mr. Curtis,] upon the strict con-
stitutional necessity, under the clause pro-
hibiting ex post fado laws, and under the clause
prohibiting bills of attainder, and under the
clauses that fix the trial as for crime in the
Constitution under the designation in the
articles of enumeration of "treason" and
"bribery" alone, the highest great crimes
against the State that can be imagined, that
yon should have here what is crime, against the
Constitution and crime against the law, and
then that it should have those public propor-
tions that are indicated in the definition of the
opening Manager, and those traits of freedom
from eiror and mistake and doubt and diffi-
culty which belong, in the language of Mr.
Burke, to an arduous public slalion. And then
you will perceive that under these necessary
conditions either this judgment must be arrived
at, that there is no impeachable offense here
which covers and carries with it these con-
ditions, or else that tho evidence offered on the
part of the respondent that was to negative, that
was to countervail, that was to reduce, that,
was to refute all these qualifications should
have been admitted; and when a court like
this lias excluded the whole range of evidence
relating to the public character of the accused
and the difficulties of an arduous public situa-
tion, it must have determined that the crimes
charged do not partake of that quality, or else
it would have required them to have been
affirmatively supported by proofs giving those
qualifications, and permitted them to be re-
duced by countervailing evidence. And when
a court sits only for a special trial, when its
proceedings are incapable of review, when
neither ils law nor its fact, can be dissected,
even by reconsideral ion within its own tribunal,
the necessary consequence is that, when you
come to make up your judgment, either you
must take as for granted all that we offered to
prove, all that can fairly lie umluaced as to
come in, in form, in substance, in color, and
in fact, by the actual production of such pioof,
so that your judgment may thus proceed ; or
else if is your duly before you reach the irre-
vocable slep o! judgment and sentence fo re-
sume the trial and call in the rejected evidence.
1 submit it to ynn that a court without review,
without new trial, without exception, and with-
out possible correction of errors, must deal
with evidence in this spirit and upon this rule.
And unless you arrive, as 1 suppose you must,
at the conclusion that the dimensions of this
trial relate to the formal, technical infraction
of the statute law that has been adduced in
evidence here, it will be your duty lo reopen
your doors, eall the respondent again belore
you, and go into the field of inquiry that has
been touched in declamation, but lias not been
permitted in proof.
But, Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, there
is no better mode of determining whether a
crime accorded to a particular jurisdiction
and embraced within a particular prohibition
is to be a high crime and misdemeanor, and
what a high crime and misdemeanor means,
and what the lowest level and the narrowot
limit of its magnitude and of its height must j
be, than to look at its punishment. Epithets,
newly-invented epithets, used in laws do not
alter the substance of things. Your legisla-
tion of the 2d of March, 1807, introducing into
a statute law the qualifying word " high," ap-
plied to a misdemeanor, is its first appearance
in the statute law of this country or of the
parent country from whom we draw our juris-
prudence. It means nothing to a lawyer. There
is in the conspiracy act of 1801 the same intro-
duction of the word "high" as applied to the
body of the offense there called "a crime." A
"high crime" it is called in this little con-
spiracy act of 1801, and there in the one in-
stance and here in the other an epithet is
thrown into an act of Congress. But, Mr.
Chief Justice and Senators, when the legisla-
tive authority in its scale of punishment makes
it, as the common sense of mankind considers,
great in its penalty, terrible in its consequences,
that is a legislative statement of what the qual-
ity of the crime is. When you put into a stat-
ute that tho offense shall be punished by death
you need no epithet to show that that is a
great, a heinous crime ; and when the framers
of this Constitution put into it, as the necessary
result of the trial of the President of the Uni-
ted States and his conviction, that his punish-
ment should be deprivation of office, and that
the public should suffer the necessity of a new
election, that showed you what they meant by
" high crime or misdemeanor."
I know that soft words have been used by
every Manager here on the subject of the mercy
of our Constitution and the smallness of the
punishment, that it does not touch life, limb,-
or property. Is that, the sum of penalties? Is
that the measure of oppression of punishment V
Why, you might as well say that when the
mother lcels for the first time her new-born
infant's breath, and it is snatched from her
and destroyed before her eyes, she has not
been deprived of life, liberty, or property. In
a Republic, wheie public spirit is the life and
where public virtue is the glory of the State,
anli in the presence of public men possessing
groat public talents, high public passions, and
ambitions, made up, as this body is, of men
sprung, many of them, from the ordinary con-
dition of American life, and by the force of
their native talents and by the high qualities
of endurance and devotion to the public ser-
vice, who have lifted themselves into this emi-
nent. position, if not the envy the admiration
of all their countrymen, it is gravely proposed
to you, some of whom from this elevated posi-
tion do not disdain to look upon the Presi-
dency of the United States as si ill a higher, a
nobler, a greater ofiice, if not of pride yet of
duty, that you shall feel and say that it is a
little thing to take a President from his public
slalion and strike him to the ground, branded
with high crime and misdemeanor, to be a
byword and reproach through the long gauntlet
of history forever and forever. In the great
hall of Venice, where long rows of doges cover
wiih their portraits the walls, the one erased,
tho one defeatured canvas attracts to it every
e\e ; and one who has shown his devotion to
the public service fu-.n the eailiesl beginning,
and j on who have attended in equal steps that
same ascent upward, and now, in the verv
height and flight of your ambition, feel your
pinions scorched and tho firm sockets of your
flight melted under this hotrid bla^e of im-
peachment, are to be told, as you sink forever,
not into a pool of oblivion but of infaniv, and
as you carry with you lo your posterity lo the
latest generation this infamy, that it is a trifling
matter, and does not touch life, liberty, or
property! If thee are the estimates of public
character, of public fame, and of public dis-
grace by which you, the leaders of this coun-
try, the most honored men in it, are to record
your estimate of the public spirit and of the
public virtue of the American State, you have
indeed written for the youth of this country
Unsolemn lesson that it is dust and ashes.
Now, what escape is there from this con-
elusion, in every true estimate of the character
of this procedure and of the result that you
seek to fasten upon this President if justico
requires it, to say that it is trifling and trivial
and that formal and technical crime may lead
to it? Do the people of this country expect to
be called to a presidential election in the mid-
dle of a term, altering the whole calendar, it
may be, of the Government, because there has
been an infraction of a penal statute carrying
no consequences beyond? It is accidental, to
be sure, that the enforced and irregular election
that may follow upon your sentence at this time
concurs with the usual period of the quadren-
nial election; but it it is merely accidental.
And yet these, Senators, are gravely proposed
to you as trivial results that are to follow from
a judgment on an accusation of the character
and of the quality that I have stated in fact, as
compared with the quality and the character
that'it should bear in truth.
In reference to this criminality of the infrac-
tion of the statute, which in the general re-
marks that I am making you will see furnishes
the principal basis of charge that. I am regard-
ing, we may see from the statute itself what the
measure of criminality there given is, what the
measure under indictment would bo or might
be, and then you will see that that infraction,
if it occurred, and if it were ag&inst the law and
punishable by the law under the ordinary
methods and procedures of our common courts
of justice, furnishes not only no vindication of,
but no support to, the notion that upon it can
be ingrafted the accusation of impeachment,
the accusation of criminality that is impeach-
able, any more than any other topic of com-
paratively limited and trivial interest and con-
cern. The provision is not that there must be
a necessary penalty of gravity, but that under
the scale of imprisonment and fine the only
limit is that it shall not exceed §10,000 of
pecuniary liability and five years of imprison-
ment. Six cents fine, one day's imprisonment,
according to the nature of the offense, within
the discretion of the court, may satisfy the
public justice under indictment in regard to this
offense which is claimed as the footing and
front of the President's fault.
Nor was this open, unrestricted mercy of the
law unattended to in debate. The honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,]
in the course of the discussion of this section
of the bill, having suggested that it would be
well, at least, to have a moderate minimum
of punishment that would secure something
like substance necessarily in the penal inflic-
tion and having suggested §1,000 or $f)0l) as
the lower limit, basing upon this wise intima-
tion that some time or other there might be a
trial under this section before a court that had
a political bias and the judge might let the man
off without any substantial punishment, he was
met by the honorable Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] and the honorable Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] who seemed
to have the conduct of the bill, at least in re-
spect to these particular provisions, in the way
to which I will attract your attention. Mr.
Sumxep, said:
"Shall we not in this case, where political opinion
mav mtiuJo on the bench, make a provision that
shall sit least secure a certain degree oi' punish-
ment?"
Mr. Edmunds defended the unlimited dis-
cretion of punishment,.
Mr. Williams said:
"I concur in the views cxpre^ed by the Senator
from Vermont, for the reason, in the tiisf place, that
this is a new offense created by statute, and it does
not define a crime involving moral turpitude, but
rather a political offense; and there is some ground
to suppose that mistakes may be made under this
law by pcisous in otlice; and I think that in such
else there should be a large discretion left to the
court."
So much for indictment; so much for the
wise reasons of our legislators ; and then, that
being the measure and tho reason, there is
clamped upon this a necessary, an inevitable,
an inexorable result that is to bring these vast
consequences to the Stale and to the respond-
ent. But even then you do not know or un-
derstand tho full measure of discretion, unless
you attend to the fact that such formal, techni-
