3426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
•subject of the hours of labor. I think the dis-
cussions have been conducive to the interests
of the toiling men of the country. In nearly
ali departments of industry the hours of labor
are less than they were forty years ago. During
this same period the prices of labor have been
increased, and the condition of the laboring
men of the country improved. Reared upon
a farm until I came to the age of manhood, 1
■was accustomed to work at least thirteen hours
a day. After attaining the age of twenty-one
I entered a mechanic's shop and worked more
than fifteen hours a day. It is true I might
have made the hours of labor less if I had
fchosen)tbut it was the custom to work more
hours then than now, and I was anxious to work
as many hours and to accomplish as much as
others, or as my strength would permit. Within
one generation the hours of labor have beeu
diminished, both where men worked by the
piece or by the day, on the farms or in the
workshops, to the advantage, in my opinion,
of all concerned.
I have keard much and read much of what
has been said and written on the subject of the
hours of labor. I have not been convinced
that, toiling men can accomplish as much work
in eight hours as in ten hours, or that they will
receive as much compensation for eight hours
of labor as for ten hours. It may not bo for
the permanent interests of those who have
nothing but their labor to sell to lessen the
hours of toil from ten hours to eight hours. If
it is not, they will feel it and discover it quite
as soon as any other portion of the people, and
they can readily abandon an experiment that
lias failed. It may be for the material, intel-
lectual, and moral interests of the masses of the
people whose lot it is to toil for their subsist-
ence to reduce the hours of labor, and if the
reduction of the hours of labor will be conducive
to the interests of laboring men and laboring
women that reduction will be a source of
gratification to every benevolent heart and
generous mind.
In this matter of manual labor I look only
to the rights and interests of labor. In this
country and in this age, as in other countries
and in other ages, capital needs no champion ;
it will take care of itself, and will secure, if not
the lion's share, at least its full share of profits
in all departments of industry. On general
principles I am not anxious to stimulate labor
in our country. The departments of productive
industry are open to all, and offer incentives
to toil. We are made for something higher
and better in this country than to pile up
annually $1,000,000,000. What we want to grow
in this Christian land of achieved free insti-
tutions is a strong healthy race of men and
women with cultivated 'heads and hearts and
consciences. Whatever tends to dignify man-
pal labor or to lighten its burdens, to increase
its rewards or enlarge its knowledge, should
receive our sympathies and command our sup-
port. Animated by these sentiments 1 shall
vote against the amendment and for the bill
as it came from the Representatives of the
people.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I am under no stress of weather to define
my position, but I am at liberty to speak of
this bill and say of it just what I think about
it. I am^not in any hurry to try any experi-
ments. This is called an experiment, and it
certainly is an experiment, so far as we are
concerned. I have entire confidence in the
intelligence and the education of the woiking
men of this country to understand why this
b'lll is introduced, and I do not mean any
reflection upon anybody, for there has been
considerable said in various parts of the coun-
try in relation to the subject, but it is intro-
duced for the purpose of obtaining votes some-
how and somewhere.'
Sir, I believe it is a degradation of the work-
ing men of this country to deprive them of the
privilege of making contracts to work for just
whatever sum and for whatever time they
please. There are some men who would be
greatly distressed and injured if this bill should
pass and it should become the habit and cus-
tom of the country. It is absurd to suppose
that a man can earn as much in eight hours as
he can in any larger number of hours; that is
to say, if he is a man of average strength. If
he is a broken down man of course he cannot
labor the full number ot hours; but if he is a
man of average strength he can earn more in
a larger number of hours than in eight hours.
Mr. CONNESS. How do you know that?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I knowthatof
my own experience, Mr. President. I sprung
from the laboring classes. I have labored
myself never less than twelve hours in all my
life since I was fifteen years of age, and most
of the time much more thau that. I believe
in leaving the people of this country at perfect
liberty to make any contracts they please; and
as I was observing, if this should become the
rule and custom of the country, a man with a
large family, who was compelled to work all of
his time that his strength would permit, would
be unable to support his family, because he
could not obtain emploj'inent so as to work
more than eight hours in the day ; for when-
ever he happened to be employed with other
hands he would be compelled to leave pff and
be discharged at the same moment that other
men left off and were discharged.
I am also opposed to this bill for the reason
suggested by the Senator from Ohio. It is
already a great evil that men are seeking after
governmental employment in preference to
remaining at home in their ordinary and com-
mon avocations ; and I say to you, Mr. Presi-
dent, that those people who are left at home,
who are compelled to work a larger number
of hours for the same price, will look with no
favor upon a project of this kind which is to
create and establish a favored few who obtain
the Government employment.
It is said that the same amount of labor can
be performed in eight hours as m ten. Look
at the fact. Here are parties engaged with
machinery that cannot bo driven and is not
driven beyond a certain rate of speed. Will
the parties who are engaged with such machin-
ery be able to producc any mor.;j by working
a less number of houis p«r day when that
machinery revolves or moves at the same rate
of speed that_it did before? Let us illustrate
this. Take farming. Here is a man who
drives his team in the field, follows the plow;
can he make his horses or his oxen move over
the same amount of ground in eight hours that
he could in ten ? It is absurd to suppose so.
Take the establishment where there is one
gang of hands that goes on and works through
the day time, and another through the night,
al ternating; is it not obvious that the employers
will be compelled to increase the number of
hands for such an establishment as that to the
amount of fifty per cent, in order to have three
gangs of hands to fill up all the time? Cer-
tainly it is. Cut after all if this bill should
pass it would result in the end in a reduction
of the amount of wages, and I trust it will not
pass.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I intend
to vote against this amendment, and I desire
to eay a word upon it.
1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mora- I
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. CON NESS. I hope we shall go on and
get a vote on this measure, which wili be in a
very short time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will lead to debate.
Mr. CONNESS. Oh, no; it will not.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to express the
same hope. I have no doubt we shall get to a
vote in a short time ; while if it goes over now
it will perhaps take an hour or two" on some
other day.
The PliESIDENTjjro tempore. The unfin-
ished business can be passed over informally,
if there be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object.
Mr. CONNESS. That being the case, I
move to postpone the business now before the
Senate for half an hour.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That requires a two-thirds
vote.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well; we shall get
it. I hope the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations will consent to
that, because we shall get a vote in that time
on this measure.
Mr. -MORRILL, of Maine. If a vote could
be taken on this measure without debate I
sheuld not feel authorized to interpose.
Mr. CONNESS. There will be very little
further debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But at the same
time I shall not feel authorized to give iny own
consent, if I have any control over the ques-
tion, that the bill now before the Senate, which
has been two days before the Senate, and which
certainly ought to be pressed to an early vote,
shall give place to any bill unless it be one of
very marked and peculiar character.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will per-
mit me, I will say to him that this is a bill
of a very marked character, and I hope he will
consent to the postponement.
Mr. NYE. We can pass it in fifteen minutes.
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly we can.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the order of the day for
thirty minutes.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose the Senator is
aware that if the bill is postponed for half an
hour, or an hour, it does not come up of neces-
sity at the end of that time. It can be brought
up then by a vote.
Mr. CONNESS. Everybody knows that the
Senate will take up the appropriation bill then.
I hope the Senator will not occupy time on that
question.
Mr. fOMEROY. I know it will be taken
up, but it is not like laying it aside informally
by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not want
any misunderstanding about, it. I do not want
this appropriation bill to lose its place so that
I shall be compelled to struggle with any other
bill.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no other bill that
will antagonize it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. While I have
charge ol this bill, I think it is my duty to present
it squnrely to the Senate. If the Senate say
they will take up some other bill in preference
to this, then of course I shall submit my indi-
vidual judgment to theirs. If the motion is to
postpone this bill for thirty minutes, and it
comes up at the end of that time, I can under-
stand that proposition. If it is simply to post-
pone this bill and take up the other bill 
Mr. CONNESS. There is no proposition to
go on with any other bill than the appropria-
tion bill when this shall be done with  
Air. MOK.Riljljj ot Maine. il^Yhen this
shall be done with!
Mr. CONNESS. It will not occupy more
than half an hour, certainly.
Mr. MOKHJLL, of Maine. That is very
problematical.
Mr. CONNESS. Give us half an houronit,
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Maine,
^ think, would have his bill up at the end of
thirty minutes, provided we lay it over ia that
way ; because I do not agree with the Senator
from Kansas that this bill that We are now
speaking of would be the unfinished business
of yesterday, and would therefore override the
special order.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Weare makingthe appro-
priation bill a special order for a particular
hour to-day. That is exactly the form in which
we always put special orders, that is, to post-
pone to an hour certain. That, of course,
requires atwo-thirds vote ; and when that hour
copies, the unfinished business of yesterday not
being before the Senate, of course, as the Chair
