1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M2f
ruled two or three days ago on just such a ques-s
tion, the bill will come up, but it requires two
thirds to make it the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. All these
questions are under the control of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. At this period of the ses-
sion we ought not to defer any longer the
appropriation bills. There are several appro-
priation bills that ought to be passed ; and I
myself will vote with the Senator from Maine
agaiusteverythingunt.il those bills are disposed
of. At any rate, all business of minor import-
ance should give way to them ; and this meas-
ure has been here a long time, and is not so
very important as the Senator from California
imagines, nor is it so easily disposed of. I
hope we shall go on with the regular appro-
priation bill. There are many amendments
pending to it, and T have many myself to offer,
and we might as well go oil with it. This other
matter will lead to general debate and is of
very little importance ; and I think we ought
not to postpone the great business of the ses-
sion—the appropriation bills—which must be
acted on and should not be crowded off. And
allow me to say that this habit of getting up
some bill in the morning hour, when every-
thing is taken up as a matter of course, and
then crowding off the regular business by
beseeching and begging, &c., so hard to
resist in the Senate, 1 think ought not to be
carried any further. We ought to go on with
the regular, legitimate legislative business, and
this eight-hour bill can be taken up at some
other time.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire briefly to say that
it is the fault of my honorable friend from
Ohio more than of any other Senator thai this
bill has been before us so long. At the last
session of Congress a similar bill was referred
to the committee of which he is the able chair-
man; but 110 word has ever come from that
committee in relation to it. This is another
bill that has passed the House of Representa-
tives in the mean time, and I hope that we shall
dispase of it this morning. There is no danger
of its leading to any extended debate now.
There is no danger that the Senate will not
resume the consideration of the appropriation
bill as soon as we vote on this measure, and I
hope the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations will consent to let this
measure be disposed of.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
it is quite the thing to appeal to me to exer-
cise a personal judgment on this question.
While 1 have the charge of the appropriation
bill it is ^my duty to keep it in its order before
the Senate. If the Senate choose to lay it
asidis and take up some other bill which ought
to have precedence of it for the time being, I
am entirely content with their judgment.
Further than that, I do not think 1 ought to
exercise a personal judgment about it.
Mr. NYE. We are all with the Senator;
but let us vote on this bill. We have nothing
to do but to take the vote on it. Nobody pro-
poses to talk on it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the order of the day for
thirty minutes, oil which question the yeas
and nays liave been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 15 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cameron. Chandler,
Cote, Conness, Cragm, Xiarlan. Hendricks, Howard,
Johnson, McCreery, McDonald, Morgan, Morton,
Nyc, Patterson of Tennessee. Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Stewart,Thayer, Wade, Willey, Wilson,and Yates—2-1.
nays—Itlessrs.Cattell, Conkling. Corbott, Davis,
Dixon, Edmunds, Vcrry, li'esscnden, Morrill ofMaino,
Morrill of Vermont. Patterson of New Hampshire,
Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull, and Williams 15.
ABSENT— Messrs. Anthony, Baym d,Doolittle,
Drake, Fowler, ffrelinshuysen, Grimes, Henderson,
Howe, Norton, Rice. Ross, Saulsbury, bpraguo, Tip-
ton, Van Winkle, and Vi®kcrs—IT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the yeas are 24, and the nays 15. So
the order of the day is postponed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order; and that is, that it requires a two-thirds
vote to postpone a bill to a particular hour by
the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To make
a • bill a special order requires a two-thirds
vote; but this is not a motion to make it a
special order. The Chair does not think it
comes within that rule.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I think if this 1M11 passes
at all, it ought to pass without being incum-
bered by the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio. Several things are to be
considered in this connection. There is very
frequently a great difference between skilled
and common labor in the labor-markets of the
country. It is often very important that the
Government should employ labor of the highest
degree of skill and pay unusual rates. Under
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
however, it would be impossible for the Gov-
ernment officers to employ any person in any
particular trade or employment at rates above
the common average in the labor market.
Again, the Senator forgets that we have laws
fixing the rate of compensation for particular
Government labor here at the seat of Govern-
ment, and in other parts of the country. As
to the employment of other laborers the rates
are unfixed. The operation of his amendment,
therefore, when it comes to be applied practi-
cally, may be found to nullify the proposed law,
or to embarrass the Government in the trans-
action of public business.
We have never heard any complaints, so far
as I know, that labor is unduly paid by the
Government; that it is inordinately paid; that
the rates of compensation allowed by Govern-
ment officers to those employed by them ought
to be reduced, either generally in the country
or at particular points; and I take it for granted
that upon this question we can rely upon our
own agents that they will not pay larger rates
than are proper to secure that labor which is
necessary in the public service. I see no neces-
sity, therefore, for loading down this bill with
a condition or a limitation upon our public
officers, which will be found, in practice, ex-
tremely inconvenient and operative against the
public interests.
There is another point in this same connec-
tion. It is very often necessary that particu-
lar work to be done by the Government should
be done in great haste. A vessel is to be fitted
out for some public service in foreign waters,
and it may be necessary to pay a little above
the ordinary rates in order to secure the work
being done promptly and efficiently. Why
should you incumber now your public officers
with a limitation which may prevent them in
an emergency, and when temporary labor is
needed, from paying above the ordinary mar-
ket rale, when by your limitation you prevent
them from obtaining the skilled labor at the
particular city or place where your public
business is to be transacted.
Upon these considerations, in my judgment,
it is perfectly clear that if we pass this bill at
all we ought not to incumber and embarrass it
with the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Conness] expressed some doubt
whether a Senator could be found with courage
enough to oppose this bill. I rather think m
spite of that that I shall say a word or two
against it. I have seen a bloodier hour than
. this upon questions of this sort; so that I am
not particularly alarmed so far as that is con-
cerned.
Mr. President, the question here is a very
simple one so far as persons in the Govern-
ment employ are concerned. It is whether
we shall pay them one fifth more than persons
doing the same kind of labor in private employ
receive. That is all there is in it. Is the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania aware that there is a
law which requires the Government to pay the
highest rate of wages that is paid by private
establishments for the same kind of labor? If
so, what is the danger arising from the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio? It simply
says that if you choose to cut down the time
of labor in the Government works you shall
proportionately cut down the pay; so that those
employed by the Government shall not receive
more, in fact, than laborers doing the same
kind of work in private employ receive for
their labor. That is all the question that arises
on the proposed amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
What propriety is there in their receiving
more? Whether labor is too high or too low
I do not know. Usually the law of demand
and supply regulates all those matters. There '
arc as good men, skilled laborers, let me tell
the Senator from Pennsylvania, out of the navy-
yards and the Government work-shops as there
are in them ; so there is no danger of the Govr
ernment failing to get skilled labor, if persons
desire to go there, because they get the same
pay there, and generally under greater advan-
tages. It is known that, all laborers prefer to
work for the Government, and why? Because
their pay is sure and regular; they consider it
an advantage, and thence comes the rush tp
get into Government employment. In addi-
tion to that you now propose to give one fifth,
more for the same kind of labor to persons who
work for the Government than is given to per-
sons wko work for private individuals. That is
precisely the effect of it; and I suggest to gen-
tlemen who make such a cry about economy
that they take this matter into consideration,
because it will amount to a very large sum of
money; how much I cannot, tell, because I
have not calculated it; but enough to offset
all the sheets of paper, and all the newspapers,
and all the penknives, and all the little mat-
ters of that description of which we have heard
so much.
But gentlemen, when they come to a matter
which is supposed to affect politics, do not
stop to consider how it is to affect the finances
of the Government, or how it is to affect the
Treasury. I do not make any distinction between
parties on that account, for I see on both sides
of this Chamber gentlemen representing differ-
ent parties, running in the same direction, each
trying to see which will get ahead of the other.
The Senator from California [Mr. Cole] has
advanced or elaborated an argument which
would have struck me with some force had it
not been for what I see before me. He says
that it is absolutely necessary for the develop-
ment, physically and intellectually, of the
laborers of the country that we cut down the
time of employment to eight hours a day ; that
ten hours a day are too much for anybody to
work and have time left for the ordinary im-
provement which we desire all our people to
attain. Now, sir, as a general principle, I
believe that experience has proved that intel-
lectual development had better be left to the
individual. Give the facilities for obtaining
information which our system has given, in
those certainly which were the free States of
the Union for a long period of time, and leave
to the individual to do something for himself.
Leave the question of improvement to com-
petition, that competition which arises from
the nature of our institutions, and you obtain
far more than you do by attempting to legislate
men into intellectuality. Why, sir, it struck
me very singularly how the rule worked. Here
i s my friend from Massachusetts, [ Mr. Wilson. ]
lie is on the same footing of argument, that
men want time for improvement; eight hours
is enough to labor. He tells us in the same
breath that he worked thirteen hours a day in
the field and fifteen hours in the work-shop. My
honorable friend from California [Mr. Con-
ness] also spoke of his experience in labor.
What aspecimenof dwarfs we have here arising
from too much labor in these two honorable
Senators! Men working thirteen or fifteen
hours a day have by their own exertions, from
their own manhood, and their own talent, and
their own power, won their way to the Senate
of the United States, and are here the peers
of the ablest; and certainly they do not exhibit
any very striking indications of great suffering
ill a physical point of view. My friend from
Massachusetts especially does not look as u lie
had lost either blood or muscle by the labor tnat
he has performed. And yet this argument iS
gravely advanced in this country, where we
