840
SUPPLEMENT TO
a law. It lias the faculty of judgment, to dis-
cern what the law is, and what it always has
been, and so to declare it.
Apply it to an indictment under this very
statute, and supposing the law is unconstitu-
tional for the purpose of argument, what is the
result ? Is the man to be punished because he
has violated the law and the Supreme Court
has not as yet declared it unconstitutional ?
No; he comes into court and says, " I have
violated no law." The statute is read; the
Constitution is read; and the judge says,
" You have violated no law." That is the
end of the matter; and he does not want to
appeal to the discretion of the court in the
measure of punishment or to the mercy of the
Executive in the matter of pardoti. He has
done what was right, and he needs to make no
apology to Congress or anybody else, and
Congress, in so far as it has not protected the
public servant, rather owes an apology fohim.
1 shall consider this matter more fully here-
after; and now look at it only in the view of
fixing such reduced and necessarily reduced
estimate of the criminality imputed as makes
it impossible that this should be an impeach-
able offense.
Much has been said about the duty of the
people to obey and of officers to execute un-
constitutional laws. I claim for the President
no greater right in respect to a law that oper-
ates upon him in his public duty, and upon him
exclusively, to raise a question under the Con-
stitution to determine what his right and what
his duty is, than I claim for every citizen in his
private capacity when a law infringes upon his
constitutional and civil and personal rights;
for to say that Congress has no right to pass
unconstitutional laws, and yet that everybody
is to obey them just as if they were constitu-
tional and to be punished for breaking them
just as if they were constitutional, and to be
prevented from raising the question whether
they are constitutional by penal inflictions that
are to fall upon them whether they succeed in
proving them unconstitutional or not, is, of
course, trampling the Constitution and its de-
fense of those who obey it in the dust. Who
will obey the Constitution as against an act of
Congress that invades it if the act of Congress
with the sword of its justice can cut oil' his
head and Ihe Constitution has no power to save
liini, and nothing but debate hereafter as to
whether he was properly punished or not?
The gentlemen neglect the first, the necessary
conditions of all constitutional government,
when they press upon us arguments of this
nature.
But again, the form alleged of infraction of
th is law, whether it was constitutional or un-
constitutional, is notsueh as to bring any person
within any imputation, I will not say of formal
infraction of the law, but of any violent, willful
use and extent ot resistance to or contempt of
the law. Nothing was done whatever but to
issue a paper and have it delivered, which puts
the jiosture of the thing in this condition and
nothing else: the Constitution, we will sup-
pose, says that the President has a right to
remove the Secretary of War: the act of Con-
gress says the President shall not remove the
Secretary of War ; the President says, "I will
issue unofficial order which will raise the same
question between my conduct and the statute
that the statute raises between itself and the
Constitution/' As there is not and cannot be
and never should be a reference of a law ab-
stiactly to the revision and determination of
the Supreme Court or of any other court, which
would be making it a council of revision and
of superior and paramount political and legis-
lative authority, so when the Constitution and
a law are or are supposed to be at variance and
inconsistent everybody upon whose right this
inconsistency intrudes has a right under the
usual ethical conditions of conduct of good
citizenship to put himself in a position to act
under the Constitution and not under the law.
And thus the President of the United States,
as it is all on paper thus far—the Constitution
is on paper, the law is on paper—issues an
order on paper which is but an assertion of the
Constitution and a denial of the law, and that
paper has legal validity if the Constitution sus-
tains it, and is legally invalid and ineffectual, a
mere imbelle telurn, if the law prohibits it and
the law is conformed to the Constitution.
Therefore it appears that nothing was done
but the mere course and process of the exer-
cise of right claimed under the Constitution
without force, without violence, and making
nothing but the attitude, the assertion which,
if questioned, might raise the point for judicial
determination.
Now, Senators, you are not, you cannot be
unfamiliar with the principle of our criminal
law, the good sense, the common justice of
which, although it sometimes is pushed to ex-
tremes, approves itself to every honest mind,
that criminal punishments, under any form
of statute definitions of crime, shall never be
made to operate upon acts even of force and
violation that are or honestly may be believed
to be done under a claim of right. It is for
this purpose that the animus, the intent, the
animus fur andi in case of larceny, the malice
prepense in a case of murder, the intent ne-
cessary in every crime, is made the very sub-
stance of the crime, and nothing is felt to be
more oppressive, and nothing has fewer prece-
dents in the history of our legislation or of our
judicial decisions, than any attempt to coerce
the assertion of peaceable and civil claims of
right by penal enactments. It is for that rea-
son that our communities and our law-givers
have always frowned upon any attempt to
coerce the right of appeal under any restric-
tions or any penalties of costs of a character
oppressive. Civil rights are rights valuable
and practical just according as people can avail
themselves of them, they keeping the peace ;
and the moment you put the coercion of pun-
ishment upon the assertion of a right, a claimed
right, in a manner not violating the peace and
not touching the public safety, you infringe
one of the necessary liberties of every citizen.
Although I confess that I feel great reluc-
tance, and it is contrary to my own taste and
judgment-very much to mingle what is but a
low level of illustration and argument with so
grave and general a subject as determining the
dimensions and qualities of an impeachable
offense, yet, on the other hand, day after day it
is pressed upon you that a formal violation of
a statute, although made under the claim of a
constitutional right and duty honestly felt and
possessed by the President, is nevertheless a
ground of impeachment, not to be impeded or
prevented by any of these considerations ; and
hence I am induced to ask your attention to
what is but an illustration of the general prin-
ciple, that penal laws shall not be enforced in
regard to an intent which is governed by a claim
of right. And this singular case occurred :
a poacher who had set his wires within the
domain of a lord of the manor had caught a
pheasant in his wires ; the gamekeeper took
possession of the wires and of the dead pheas-
ant, and then the poacher approaches him by
threats of violence, which would amount to
robbery, not larceny, takes from him the wires
and the dead pheasant, and the poacher situated
in that way on other's dominions, andthusput-
ting himself in a condition where thehumanily
of the law can hardly reach and protect him, is
brought into question and tried for robbery;
and Vaughan, Baron, says:
"If the prisoner demanded the wires under the
honest impression that lie had a right to them,
though he might be liable to a trespass in setting
them, it would not be a robbery. The gamekeeper
had aright to take them, and when 80 taken they i
never could have been recovered from him by the j
prisoner: yet still, if the prisoner acted under the I.
honest, belief that the propertyin them continued in ■
hun^elf, I think it isnot a robbery. If, however, ho
u-ed it merely as a protege, it would be robbery.
The question for the juryfs, whether the prisoner
did honestly believe he had a property in the snares
and pheasant or not."—1 ilimell on Ctwies, 872.
_ Thus does the criminal law of a free people
distinguish between technical and actual fault;
and what mean the guarantees of the Consti-
tution, and what mean the principles and the
habits of English liberty, that will not allow
anybody enjoying those liberties to be drawn
into question criminally upon any technical or
formal view of the law to be administered by
hide-bound authority or judges established and
devoted to the prosecution of crime; what
mean those fundamental provisions of our lib-
erty, that no man shall be put on trial on an
accusation of crime, though formally commit-
ted, unless the grand jury shall choose to bring
him under inculpation, and that when thus
brought under inculpation he shall not be con-
demned by any judge or magistrate, but the
warm and living condemnation of his peers
shall be added to the judicial determination,
or he shall go free? Surely we have not for-
gotten our rights and our liberties and upon
what they rest, that we should bring a Presi-
dent of the United States under a formal ap-
paratus of iron operation that by necessity if
you set it agoing shall, without crime, without
fault, without turpitude, without moral fault
oven of violating a statute that he believed to
be a statute binding upon him, bring about
this monstrous conclusion—I do not mean in
any condemnation of it, but monstrous in its
dimensions—of depriving him of his office and
the people of the country of an executive head ?
Mr. CONKLINGr. Mr. President, I move
an intermission of fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to ; and at the ex-
piration of the recess the Chief Justice resumed
the chair and called the Senate to order.
Mr. EVARTS. I am quite amazed, Mr.
Chief Justice and Senators, at the manner in
which these learned Managers are disposed to
bear down upon people that obey the Constitu-
tion to the neglect or avoidance of a law. It
is the commonest duty of the profession to ad-
vise, it is the commonest duty of the profes-
sion to maintain and defend the violation of a
law in obedience to the Constitution ; and in
the case of an officer whose duty is ministerial,
whose whole obligation in his official capacity
is to execute or to give free course to a law,
even when the law does not bear at all upon
him or his rights, the officer may appeal to
the courts if he acts in good faith and for the
purpose of the public service, and with a view
of ascertaining by the ultimate tribunal in
season to prevent public mischiefs, whether the
Constitution or the law is to be the rule of his
conduct and whether they be at variance.
Let me ask your attention to a case in Sel-
den's Reports in the New York court of ap-
peals, (3 Selden, page 9,) the case of Newell,
the auditor of the canal department, in error,
against the People. The constitution of the
State of New York contains provisions restrict-
ive upon the capacity or power of the Legisla-
ture to incur public debt. The Legislature,
deeming it, however, within its right to laise
money for the completion of the canals upon
a pledge of the canals and their revenues, not
including what may bo called the personal
obligation of the State, a dry mortgage as it
were, not involving debt, but only carrying the
pledge, undertook to and did raise a loan of
$0,000,000. Mr. Newell, the canal auditor,
when a draft was drawn upon him in his offi-
cial capacity, which it became him as a minis-
terial officer, obedient to the law, to honor mid
proceed upon, refused it honor, and raised the
question whether this act was constitutional.
Well, now, he ought to have been impeached 1
He ought to have had the Senate and the court
of appeals of New York convened on him and
been removed from office! The idea of a canal
auditor setting himself up against what the
learned Manager calls law! He set himself
up in favor of law and against its contraven-
tion, and the question was carried through the
supreme court of that State, and the supreme
court of that State, decided that the law was
constitutional, but upon an appeal to the court
of appeals that court held it unconstitutional,
and the $6,000,000 loan was rolled away as a
scroll, needing to be fortified by an indemnify-
ing proceeding amending the constitution and
extending its provisions.
Now, 1 should like to know if the President
of the United States, who has taken an oath to
