3428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
know what men do by their own exertions, that
we must legislate men from ten hours down to
eight in order to give an opportunity for phys-
ical and intellectual development; and we are
told that our people are injured in this country
by too much work ! Another argument is that
we have such great improvements in machinery
and power derived from various natural sources
that we do not need so many hours labor on
the part of men. I suppose pretty soon we
shall get it along down so that we shall not need
any muscular labor at all; machinery will do
everything! I suppose next we shall come
down to six hours a day. But I should like to
know whether machinery will ever be so im-
proved as to operate to reverse the rule of
nature so that a man cannot do so much in ten
hours as he can in eight! I did not know that
that was the operation of machinery. That is
imputing to machinery a new and singular
power that 1 never before heard of. I did not
know that while it lessened labor or increased
power it at the same time dwarfed the individ-
ual man who directed it I
In my judgment, all this argument, as well
as the argumeut that arises from the desire to
make an experiment, amounts to very little.
I have not heard "t>f anybody that demanded
this except the men working in the Govern-
ment employ. They think themselves snug in
their places, and therefore itis very convenient
for them, getting the same wages that people
get outside for ten hours' work, to have their
time contracted to eight. There are a few
thousand—I do not know how many—in the
Government employ in the diiferent navy-yards
and arsenals. But how does thatnumber com-
pare with the immense number of mechanics
and working men throughout the country; and
how, to elaborate a little the idea stated by my
friend from Vermont, will all the other me-
chanics in the country feel when they look on
and see that those who are in the Government
employ are a favored class by the legislation
of Congress, and are receiving as much for
eight hours' labor as they can receive for ten ?
Let me tell gentlemen that I do not think this
will amount to much in the way of gaining
popularity.
Now, sir, I object to this prineipally on
account of the piinciple involved. 1 am op-
ppscd utterly to the idea of regulating hours
of labor by law. The thing has been proposed
in several State Legislatures, and I have not
heard of any that have adopted it.
Mr. CONNESS. Several have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
there may be one or two such instances.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In those cases the State
laws permit special contracts for a longer time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But you sec the way
we are placed is this: it is no question of
special contract how much they shall be paid,
letting every man contract for himself; but the
question is whether we shall raise the wages
ot the laborers in Government employ one fiith,
because that is the effect of it, by cutting of
one fifth of the labor and leaving the wages the
same. That is the question, so that we do not
stand upon any equality with legislation of the
kind that is suggested. But all these attempts
to regulate labor by legislation, providing by
law how much or how little a man shall work,
go upon a false principle. They have a ten-
dency to bring all men to a level, a stupid man
upon a level with a smart and capable one.
Why not leave men to make their own bargains,
and make the best they can of their own powers,
physical and intellectual? This is of the same
nature with those societies that have been
formed in different places, more especially in
Great Britain, to regulate the time and the pay
of labor. What is the effect? It reduces men
precisely to the point where they are all alike ;
the smart, capable, intelligent man can get no
more and do no more than the stupid and lazy
one; and when my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] talks about tryingan experiment, let
nie ask lr.m if he supposes that the men in the
navy-yards, sure of the sume pay for eight
hoars a day that they now get for ten hours,
will go to work to try his experiment and see
if they cannot do as much in eight hours_ as
they do in ten? lie goes upon the assumption
that the moment you pass the law and fix the
time of labor at eight hours a day then all the
men who work the eight hours will try his
experiment to ascertain if they cannot do as
much for the Government in eight hours as
they could in ten. Do you suppose they will
work any harder than they do now? Do you
suppose they will be any more laborious? My
honorable friend from California [Mr. Cox-
ness] says that when he worked by the piece
he found that he could do as much in eight
hours as he could in ten, accomplish as much.
Putyourlaborers in the navy-yards and arsenals
to work by the piece, and they will try the
same experiment and see how much they can
do, and as a general rule, I reckon, they will
be glad to work two more hours if they get
more pay for doing so. They do not work by
the piece as a general rule, unless perhaps to
some extent in the armories, but by the day,
and they get the same pay whether they do
much or little work. What chance is there,
then, to try the experiment that my honorable
friend from Indiana speaks of? None at all
that I can perceive.
Sir, the whole thing, where it has been tried,
so far as my reading and observation go, any-
where, has had only the effect to prevent that
competition which is of so much importance
and consequence to all people in all countries
by way of improvement, and more especially
in a country like ours.
I oppose it, therefore, upon principle, and
because I believe that no good can come of it,
and much evil probably will. The moment we
have passed this bill there becomes an excite-
ment throughout the country upon the same
subject between employer and emploj'ed, and
the evil example will go forth from this place.
Let men make their contracts as they please;
let this matter be regulated by that great regu-
lator, demand and supply; and so long as it
continues to be, those who are smart, capable,
and intelligent, who make themselves skilled
workmen, will receive the rewards of their
labor, and those who have less capacity and
less industry will not be on a level with them,
but will receive an adequate reward for their
labor.
Is there anything in mechanical labor that
should give it the advantage in legislation over
all other labor? How many hours a day do
our agriculturists work, as a general rule? Do
they confine themselves on their own farms to
eight hours a day? How many hours do pro-
fessional men work, and is their labor less
exhausting than mechanical labor? Is the
labor that we perform in our offices less ex-
haustive ? And yet nobody thinks of providing
hours by law for labor of that description. 1
do not see many men about me who have been
injured by such work. Perhaps my honorable
friend from Nevada, [Mr. Nye]—he points to
himself—may have hurt himself in that way;
but when we hear him speak here, as he does
with eloquence and wit so frequently, and with
a voice that certainly seems to possess power,
we are not apt to suspect that any very serious
injury has been done him by the labor he has
performed, nor do I see anybody else here that
suffers from that cause.
Mr. STEWART. Is that any reason why
we should not legislate for the laborer?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Sena-
tor from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] is an excep-
tion to all general rules. He knows, because
he knows. He talks about axioms and things
that other people have a difficulty of under-
standing in fact or in logic. Things strike his
mind, appear to him at once, which other peo-
ple have to labor to attain a knowledge of.
That is an advantage he has over us; he cer-
tainly has a great advantage over me physically
as well as mentally; but I do not think I was
ever hurt much by the work I have done.
Now, Mr. President, I regard this thing, in
plain language, as a humbug. That is my habit
of looking at it. I say it with no disrespect to
gentlemen who differ from me, but I think itis
a mere sham in itself, a matter that had better
be let alone, better he left to regulate itself,
and it will regulate itself well. Nobody is hurt
in this country by work. It is a country tvhere
men, if they are disposed to labor at all, ean
get along by laboi'. Ther# are facilities afforded
to labor of all kinds, mechanical, agricultural,
intellectual; anything that a man chooses to
do he can do, and his labor is rewarded. Why,
sir, what do we hear every day of different sec-
tions of this country except the great demand
for labor, the want of labor, the readiness with
which men stand to pay for labor if they can
have it? Is there any need, therefore, of our
regulating and providing how mnch or bow
little a man shall receive, according to law?
I see no such necessity,.and I shall, therefore,
votefortheamendment, and whether theamend-
ment prevails or not 1 shall vote against the
bill.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I do not like
to let this bill go to a vote without expressing
as briefly as possible the reasons which control
my action upon it. I shall vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, because
if any such bill as this is to pass it is just to
the Government that the amendment should
prevail.
The bill, in its application to the Government
and those employed by the Government, is not
like some of the laws which have been adopted
by some of the States on the same subject, as
the laws adopted by some of the States, my
own State among the number, provide for the
duration of eight hours as constituting a day's
work, unless the parties shall otherwise agree.
The present bill is a declaration of a bonus by
the Government of the United States of twenty
per cent, to its employes. But if what is termed
the eight-hour rule is to be applied in the
relations between the Government and its
employes, it seems to me essential that the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ohio
should prevail.
Sir, 1 must say that from the beginning of
this agitation upon the subject of an eight-
hour law my opinions have been very similar
to those of the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Fessenden".] In this country the agitation
for an eight-hour law did not begin with the
industrious laborer; it began with clamorous
demagogues in search of votes. And, sir,
as a principle, instead of being a benefit to the
American working man it is striking a deadty
blow at his rights ; for if I were a day laborer,
as the laboring man is commonly termed,
either working at agricultural or mechanical
pursuits, or an operative in a factory, I never
would consent that the Government under
which I live should interfere either with my
rates of wages or with my hours of labor. And
sooner or later the working men of this coun-
try will awaken, if they have not already
awakened, to the danger of permitting such
legislation to be considered a part of the right-
ful operation of Government. Reverse the
law which you are attempting to make, and
instead of by legislation making eight hours
the rule of a day's labor legislate that sixteen
hours shall be the rule of a day's labor, and
the working men of this country would clearly
see the manner in which Government was
exceeding its just bounds and limitations.
Sir, believing that any such interference with
the relations between capital and labor in a
free Government can work only the evil, he-
; lieving that such legislation as this is an ignor-
i ing of the experience of six hundred years,
i and carrying us back to the days of sumptuary
| laws and of interference between capital and
j labor which had been witnessed in the older
! countries of Europe, I do not desire, for one,
! to sec such experiments revived at the present
day in this country.
1 have no doubt that under the practical
operation of our system of Government the
relations of capital to labor will adjust them-
selves in accordance with the law of supply
and demand equitably and best for the per-
! manent prosperity of all parties. Neither have-
