1380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
To save time I will only read the names of
the friends of the administration of Mr. Lin-
coln :
" yfas—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Howard, Sum-
ner, and Wade.
"Nays Messrs. Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot,
Elo?tor, Harlan, Henderson, Howe, Lane of Indiana,
Lane-of Kansas, Morgan, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ten
Lyck, Trumbull, Willey, and Wilson.
"iso the motion was not agreed to.
"The Presiding Officer. The question returns
on the amendment to the amendment."
Mr. Howard, one of the faithful supporters
and advanced scholars of Mr. Sumner, rose and
said :
"X movo that the Senate do now adjourn."
Everybody knew that if the bill did not pass
that night it would probably be lost, it was so
near the end of the session.
"Mr. Turcmbull and Mr. Foster called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered, and bein°-
taken, rosirtted—yeas 12, nays 19.
Yeas—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Howard, Sum-
ner, Wade, and Wilson.
' Nays—Messrs, Chirk, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot,
Foster, Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, llowe, John-
son, Lane ot Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDougall,
Morg-aii, PomeLoy, lUuwey, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
and Willey."
Mr. Howard, after some remarks, said:
i '"ovo that the whole subject bo laid on the
table.
This was another motion to defeat the bill.
Mr. Chaxdlek, another advanced disciple,
said:
"• | ask for the yeas and nays on that question.
And die yeas and nays were ordered.
,, \• eas—Mestr.s. Biown, Chandler, Howard, Fow-
ls gunner, Wade, Wilson, and Wright
jNays — Messrs. Claik, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot,
poster, Harlan, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of K.msas, JVlcDuu^all, Morgan, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Ton Eyck. Tiumbull, and WiUey.
'bo the motion was not agreed to."
r] hen Mr. Sumxer arose to inculcate his first
lesson against the reconstruction poiiev of Mr
Lincoln: J
t " I agree with the Senator from Michigan in the
impropriety ol pressing a measure ot this import-
ance. i erbapsu is t he uiost important measure, as
he says, we have had betore us. I shall regard its
passage ;isa n tional calamity. It will be the polit-
ical Lull ivun ot this Administration"—
v\ hose administration? NotMr. Johnson's.
Mr. Lincoln's, -of course. This was eight days
before his second inauguration. I
bacrificing as it will :i great cause and the great
destinies ol this Republic."
What cause? The cause of negro suffrage
guarantied by Congress as the foundation of
republican State governments.
*be Senate is not now in a condition to
vote lmaily upon it.
" Mr. Foster. I will ask the honorable Scnatorif
*io is not uuly prepared to.vote on the question?
Air. feuMNLR. I certainly am prepared to vote
I! *r ' 1,°8TER* I w ll merely say I am.
Mr. Sumner. I think the honorable Senator is
not prepared to vote.
Mr. Foster. 1 think the honorable Senator is."
Mr. Scmxeb, by way of a short special lesson
to the Senator from Connecticut, and to pre-
pare him to vote properly, continued;
?,^now I am prepared to vote upon it; but when
tne teenator from Connecticut speaks as he does after
voting as he has I cannot but think but a little more
study oi the question and a little more examination
of itb consequences would enable him to vote "with
more intelligence. I think, on his account, it would
De wll that the question should be postponed for
another day, to give him an opportunity of a little
more reflection on this important matter. It is never
too late to mend, and I think it not impossible that even
the benator, coming as he does fiom New England
representing, as I doubt not he does, liberal ideas
devoted as he ought to be to the causeof human free-
dom and of his country, may think there is something
m this question which will justify the most mature
consideration. I therefore move an adjournment
and on that motion I ask the yeas and nays.
" Ihe yeas and nays were ordered."
* * * > * & # * $ -i-
"Ykvs—Messrs Brown, Howard, Powell, Riddle,
fcumner, Wade, \\ il>on, and bright,
"JNayb — Messrs. Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot,
fcoster, Harlan, Henderson, Howe, Johmon, Lane of 1
Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McHougal, Morgan, Pome*
r°.yN*™jrns£y' len Eyck, Trumbull, and Willey—18. i
bo the feenate refused to adjourn." '
Mr. 1 nuMBULLj who had charge of the meas-
ure. aud not yet being sufficiently educated to
receive this instruction very kindly, rose and
said: 7
no*5vby couvse being pursued
by the benatoi from Massachusetts, who takes upon
himself to lecture other Senators, telling them they
do not know how to vote, that he is in a combination
hero of a fraction of the Senate to delay the import-
ant business of the country. We find him now, near
the closing days of the session, uniting with a very
few persons aetins with him, associating himself
withtthose whom he so often denounces"—
Evidently referring to Senators Powell, Kid-
die, Wright, and others—
" for the purpose of calling the yeas and nays,
making dilatory motions to postpone the action of
this body upon what he says is a very great public
measure, whenhc knowsthatnext weekotherpublic
measures are to be pressed upon the attention of the
Senate: when ho knows that in full Senate they were
told the intention was to press this bill, if possible,
to-night, and yet we find the Senator from Massa-
chusetts here declaring to the Senate that no vote
shall be taken. Does he hold in his hand the Senate
of the United States, that in his omnipotence he is
to say when votes shall be taken and public measures
shall be passed! Has it come to this?
"In this time of war is besetting the example here
of delaying public business by dilatoi y motions, refus-
ing eitherto discuss themeasure or allow it to be voted
upon ? And then he appeals to the Senate that tbey
shall put this over for somebody else to get ready.
If Senators are absent they are absent on their own
responsibility. Ihey knew this measure was up; the
benator has fought it day after day to prevent it
coming up, and when a large majority has over-
ruled him time and again and decided that it should
come to a vote, he stands here at half past ten
o'clock on Saturday night making dilatory motions
to prevent the action of this body on what redenom-
inates this great, importantmeasuie.' Sir, there can
be no exeuseforsuch action." * * * * "It
is a matter th.jt has been before the Senate of the
United States for a number of weeks. It was dis-
cussed to soinc extent before it was referred to the
Committee on tne Judiciary. It was reported to this
body a week ago. It has been discussed for several
dnys. I should have been glad if it must go over
until next week, that it could have gone over with-
out these manifestations of a determination to brow-
beat the Senate on the part of the minority."
Sir, I do not think any one would say the
Senator from Illinois was a very docile scholar
that night, however much he has progressed
since. To this speech Mr. Sumner at once
replied:
" The Senator from Illinois draws upon his imagi
nntion, which is upon this occasion peculiarly lively
JL know not that anybody has undertaken to blow
beat unless it be himself. Certainly nobody on the
side with which I am associated has done any such
Hung, or, I believe, imagined doing such a thing.
' Mr. Trumbull. I have heard it said that there
should be 110 vote to-night.
"Mr* Sumner. Well, sir; is that brow-beating?
_ Mr. Irumhull. I think it is undertaking to de-
cide for the f-enate.
"Mr. Sumner. Is that brow-beating? No, sir.
It is only undertaking to decide the conduct of an
individual Senatorwith regard to animpoita.ntjmb-
iifimcasure, Ihe question between theSenator from
Illinois and myself is simply this, he wishes to pass
the measure and 1 do not wish to pass it? He thinks
the measure innocent; I think it dangerous; and,
thinking it dangerous, I am justified in opposing it,
and justifi ed, too, in emploving ali the instruments I
Can find in the arsenal of parliamentary warfare.
But, sir, I mean to employ them properly and in a
parliamentary way. In no other way can I act in
this Chamber. The Senator from Illinois is entirely
mistaken if he supposes that this measure can be
passed to-night. I tell himiteannot. Parliamentary
law is against him, and the importance of the meas-
ure justifies a resort to every instrument that par-
liamentary law supplies. The Senator knows it
well. 1 need not even suggest it. And now, sir, I
have to counsel the Senator—perhaps ho would say
I am taking too great a liberty, and even dictating—
but I would counsel the Senator first to look at the
clock. He will see-that it is twenty-five minutes to
eleven, thatitisapproachingSunday morning. Then
let him think that we have been here all day,* and
then I would counsel him to ask himself whether, all
things considering, it is advisable to press this revo-
lutionary measure?"
What revolutionary measure? The carrying
out ot Mr. Lincoln's policy: the recognition of
the State of Louisiana, without guarantying
negro suffrage by Congress. But to resume,
Mr. Scjixer continued;
"After this protracted session and at this late hour,
l think his butter judgment will come to the con-
elusion that it is not. At any rate, should he not
come to that conclusion, I think he will make a
mistake, and that all his efforts will be fruitless.
Ihere js a certain character of antiquity who was
found sowing salt m the sand by the sea-shore and
plowing it m ; and the Senator will bo engaged iu an
occupation just about as profitable."
;;Thcn I move that the Senate adjourn,
Mr. Lhandler. On that question I ask for the
yeas and yeas.
" Too yeas and nays were ordered $ andbeingtaken,
resulted as follows?
"Yevs—Messrs, Brown and Wilson.
Nays—Messrs. Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot,
> ostcr, Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, John-
son, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDougall,
Morgan,; Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
and Willey—19."
Among the absent I find the names of
Messrs. Chandler, Howard, Sumner, and
Wade. '
• So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The whole right wing, including himself,
refused to vote except Brown and Wilson,
hoping to break up a quorum. That failed,
however. Mr. Chandler then said:
"I movo that the further consideration of this sub-
ject be postponed until next Saturday, and made the
special order for twelve o'clock on that day"—
Another motion to bill the bill—
"and on that X ask the yeas and nays."
As the will sometimes mingle in the
gravest matters, Mr. Foster said:
" I rise to a point of order.
" The JPkesidixs Offices. The Senator will state
his point of order.
"Mr. Foster. It is this: that the Senator from
Michigan is not present. [Laughter.] His name was
called a few minutes ago and the vote showed that
he was not present, and he has not since come into
the Chamber. I object, therefore, that he is not in
the Chamber.
"Mr. Chandler. I have got back.
" Mr. Foster. The Senator hasnot left the Cham-
ber. He refused to answer to his name, wilen, by tie
rules of the Senate, it a Senator is present he is re-
quired to vote, and that, of course, shows he has
seeeded, and is, therefore, not one of the body
[Laughter.] Having seeeded from the body and not
yet returned to it, he ought not, as I submit to the
Chair, be rccogniKed to make a motion. [Laughter 1
, "{he Presiding Officer. The Senator from
Michigan moves that the iurther consideration of
this subject be postponed until Saturday next.
Mr. Chandler. At twelve o'clock; and made
; the special order for that day.
"Mr. Wade. Let us have the yeas and nays on
that motion.
"The yeas and nays were ordered/'
After some other discussion, Mr. Sumxer
said:
"The Senator from Illinois made in a certain sense
an appeal to me. When he made it I said to myself:
Xheio was a feenator from Illinois once in this
Chamber; his name was Douglas. He, too, brought
forward a proposition calculated to bring discord
upon the country." ¥ou know it was a Kansas-
Nebraska bill. I had. the honor of a seat here at the
time. He brought that proposition in precisely as
my Irlend fiom Illinois now brings this in, proudly,
confidently, and almost menacingly, saying that he
was to pasi5 it—was it not in twenty-four hours'?
i4 Mr. Wade. Yes.
<•." m'"-Sumner. Kight off, precisely, as the Senator
fiom Illinois now speaks. The Senator tears a leaf
out oi that hate hi} book, and now with another
question, kindred m character to that which was
once introduced by the other Senator from I?Jhiofs!
he undertakes to press it upon the fe'enate. He take®
a copy from tnat English officer who, in the time of
the stamp act, said he would craai tbe stamn let
'hroateof all the American people with the
hilt ot his sword, if need be. He is going to oramhis
resolution down the throats of the Senate and he
appeals to us to enter into some compact or under-
iwe J" allow the operation to proceed
without the least resistance; that we will quietiv
consent to the cramming process." quietly
Mr. 1 resident, I do not often read from my
own speeches, but as I was here, and what
1 said was a part of the res gesta, I wi-11 read
a lew sentences:
"Mr. President, I have not been .in inrush- 4
spectator to tho scenes wo have witne?-i5 h?
night. They are scenes which I wilh th£'ST
country could look upon. I wish they could amu
these proceedings and read over the uami Sc'fhl
men who have been voting on the
to prevent the Senate coming to a vote upon wjuit
all regard as a very .important measure. MeS differ
m their opinions, it is true, as to thii
whether it should or should not pass, but alfeo'n-
eede that it is; an important measure. So Sb-
not to speak of those gentlemen who usii'LWv-'v<.r/.
with the Opposition, and of whom we have no ri°bt
to complain, but to confine myself entirely to thSse
gentlemen who usually vote with the friers or the
Administration, what do we see? There are but fi«
who usually act with the Administration who are
making and voting tor these dilatory motions and
there are cigutcen of the friends of the Adminisfra
tion opposed to them These five, asmall minority—
not a third, not a fourth of the friends of the
Administration on this floor—are making these
ditatoiy motions and complaining because my friend
from Illinois, who stands here in charge of thj 
measure, and we may say the representative of the
friends ot this measure, who, when he speaks uoun
it, speaks the voice of the Senate by a majority of
almost three to one, desires to obtain a vote upon it
.these men are presenting themselves hero m this
attitude.. They say m substance there shall be no
h? \ ' Senator from Massachusetts .says
he will draw upon the whole arsenal of parliament-
ary opposition; that the Senator Iroai Illinois, in
asKmg a \oto to-night, is but sowing salt upon the
sand and plowing it in,"   * * .
"An,d,the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
though 1ie says he is prepared to vote, because other
