2404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May-'8,
crime but loyalty to the country and hatred of
treason.
The Congress proposed to the southern
States as its plan of reconstruction that the
States which had lost their legal State govern-
ments by rebellion should be admitted to rep-
resentation again in Congress when they should
have adopted an amendment to the Constitu-
tion which should provide for equal civil rights
for all persons before the law; second, for equal
representation, so that those men who were
excluded from all voice in the Government on
account of their color should not be counted in
the basis of representation. In other words,
that a rule should not be established which
would, iu a State where the white and colored
population was equal, give representation and
control in the Government to every voter just
equal to that of two northern voters; that if
the negro was of too inferior a race to vote he
should not be allowed to control the Govern-
ment ; that if his name was used at all to de-
termine affairs of national interest he should
use it himself, and not another, who would use
it contrary to his wishes; third, that perjured
men, who, as members of Congress or public
officers, had sworn to support the Constitution
of the United States, and then had used their
utmost endeavors to destroy it, should not
again he intrusted with power either to make or
execute the laws of the nation ; and fourth,
that the debt of the nation should be paid, ami
the bounties and pensions provided by law for
soldiers and their families should bo paid, and
that the debt created to aid the rebellion should
not be paid ; and these views they embodied in
amendment to the Constitution, which is as
follows:
" Section 1. AU persons born or naturalized in the
United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof,
are citizens ot' the United States and of the State
wherein they reside. Ko State shall make orenforco
any law which shall abridge the privileges or immu-
nities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any
State deprive any person of life, liberty, or prop-
erty, without due process of law, nor deny to any
person within its jurisdiction the equal protection
of the laws.
" Sec. 2. .Representatives shall bo apportioned
among the several States according to their respect-
ive numbers, counting the whole number of persons
in each State, excluding Indians not taxed. But
when the right to vote at any election foi the choice
of electors for President and Vice President of the
United States, liepresentatives in Congress, the ex-
ecutive a.nd judicial officers of a State, or the mem-
bers of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of
the male in habitants of such State, being twenty-one
years of age, and citizens of the United States, or in
any way abridged, except for paiticipation in lebel-
lion Or other crime, the basis of representation therein
shall be reduced in the proportion which the num-
ber of such male citizens shall bear to the whole
number of male citizens twenty-one years of ago in
such State.
"Sec. 3. No person shall be a Senator or Repre-
sentative^ Congress, or elector of President and
Vice President, or hold any otiiee, civil or liulitarv,
under the United States, or under any State, who,
having previously taken an oath as a member of Con-
gress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a
member of any State Legislature, oras an exoeutive
or judicial officer of any State, to support the Con-
stitution pf the United States, shall have engaged in
insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given
aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress
may, by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove
such disability.
" Sec. 4. The validity of the public debt of the
united States, authorized by law, including debts
incurred tor payment ot pensions and bounties for
services in suppressing insurrection or rebellion,
shall not be questioned. But neither the United
States nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or
obligation incurred in aid of insurrection or rebel-
lion against the United States, or any claim for the
loss or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts,
obligations, and claims shall bo held illegal and
void.
" Sec. 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article."
The Democrats, seeing that the second clause
of this amendment would greatly lessen the
strength which their old allies—the rebels of
the South—could bring back to the Demo-
cratic party in the nation when they should be
reconstructed, and finding that the aim of the
President was identical with their own, joined
with hiui to defeat this wise, equitable, and
most moderate plan of reconstruction—the
vote on the passage of the resolution submit-
ting the amendment being in the House, ayes
128, all Republicans, nays 37, all Democrats;
and after the ratification of this amendment by
the States of Ohio and New Jersey, Democrats,
as soon as power has been placed in their
hands, have formally repealed such ratification
so far as they had power to do so. While the
southern States were considering this neces-
sary, just, and moderate proposition, its rejec-
tion by those States was secured by the direct
and personal interference of the President him-
self. On the 17th day of January, 1867, Gov-
ernor Parsons, of Alabama, and the President
discussed the question by telegraph, as follows:
Governor Parsons to the President, January 17,1867.
"Legislature in session. Btforts making to recon-
sider vote on constitutional amendment, lloports
from Washington say it is probable an enabling act
will pass. Wo do not know what to believe. 1 lind
nothing here." _
Thr Prcs'ulfiit to Governor Parsoim, January 17,1867.
"What possible good can be obtained by reconsid-
ering the constitutional amendment ? I know of none
in the pi e>ent posture of affairs, and [ do not believo
the peopieoi the whole country will sustain any set of
individuals in attempts to change the whole charae-
tei'ol'ourOovernuient by enabling acts or otherwise.
X believo, on the contrary, that they will eventually
uphold all who iiad patriotism and courage to stand
by the Constitution and who placc their confidence
ill the peoplo. There should be no faltering on the
part of those who are honest in their determination
to sustain the several coordinate departments of the
Government in accordance with its original design."
This dispatch had the effect to secure the
rejection of the constitutional amendment,
which was followed by the same action by the'
other rebellious States. Here, then, was the
issue. The Democratic party and President
Johnson, on one side, contended that the gov-
ernment of those States should be placed in
the hands of those who had but lately been
the anned enemies of the country, and that
the Union men and the freedmen should be
placed in their power without protection or
defense; that the very result of the rebellion
should give to the rebel States an additional
power in Congress and in all national affairs
equal to two fifths of the late slave popula-
tion, and all this for the solo purpose of bring-
ing "back into the fold of the Democratic party
the rebels of the South, who had once been
the controlling and inspiring element of the
party ; and that such reconstruction should be
based upon the exercise of the usurped power
by the President to execute in his own man-
ner and upon his personal will the guarantees
of the Constitution.
On the other side of this issue was the lie-
publican Union party of the country, maintain-
ing that Congress should pass laws to carry
into execution the guaranties of the Constitu-
tion, and that the obligation resting upon the
United States to guaranty a republican form
of government to the rebel States which had
been left by the rebellion without any civil gov-
ernments whatever, should bo so carried into
execution as to secure liberty to the freedmen by
requiring that no Slate should make or enforce
any law which should abridge the rights of citi-
zens of the United States, nor deny to anyone
within its jurisdiction the due protection of the
laws, that the rebels of the South should not
have in addition to an equal representation with
the North a representation based upon the
negro population whom they did not permit to
vote and whose wishes and interests they did
not represent; that persons who had, like Jeff.
Davis, Floyd, and Breckinridge held high office
in the Government and betrayed and well-nigh
ruined the Government whose Constitution
they had solemnly sworn to support, should not
again be intrusted with power over loyal men,
and that the public faith should be preserved by
paying the debt incurred to save the nation and
the pensions and bounties which had been
promised them by law. Upon this issue the
parties appealed to the great tribunal of last
resort, the American people, and the people
responded by electing the Fortieth Congress, in
which was a largely increased Republican ma-
jority, and elected by magnificent popular
majorities largely increased over those of the
previous Congress.
The people, to whom the President in his
speeches always appeals, did decide against
the plan of reconstruction adopted by the Pres-
ident and against the power claimed by him.
And this verdict, overwhelming and decisive
as it was, "was rendered after the President
had been fully heard in his own person in sup-
port of his policy, after he had swung around
the circle before the American people, ha-
ranguing them at the cross-roads, and this
verdict could not have b-sen given in ignorance
of the Constitution, for the Presidenthad taken
care to leave it with the people in every place
where he had given his luminous interpreta-
tion of it to them. The people, by an immense
majority of the whole, did express their desire
that this amendment should be incorporated
into the Constitution. If the President had
acknowledged the doctrine that the will of the
people is the supreme law of a republic the
controversy would have ended. The people
further expressed their will in this regard by
electing Legislatures in twenty-three States that
promptly ratified the amendment. On one side
of the issue was ranged the entire number of
States which had been united in the mainte-
nance of the Union; on the the other the north-
ern Democratic party, the southern rebels, and
Andrew Johnson. If the verdict of the people
was to be carried into effect, the duty of the
Fortieth Congress thus elected and on this issue
was plain, so to legislate that the principles em-
bodied in the constitutional amendment should
become part of the fundamental law. This was
the precise instruetioivof the people who elected
this Congress. The Congress could not evade
it without being recreant to the pledges its
members had made and upon the strength of
which it had been elected. In consequence
of the bitter hostility of Andrew Johnson, aided
by the Democratic party, to that amendment,
a hostility which wielded the immense patron-
age of the national Government in its support,
it became impassible to secure the adoption
of the amendment by the rebels of the South,
who, under the plan of the President, were left
in full control of the States which had been in
rebellion.
If the constitutional amendment must be
accepted by three fourths of the States, in-
cluding the States lately in rebellion and now
without organized State governments, before
it became a part of the Constitution, as the
Democratic party and the President with one
voice agree, then there remained but one mode
by which this could be accomplished, and that
was by submitting the question to all the peo-
ple of those States, giving to a rebel no advan-
tage over a loyal man on account of his color.
The instruction of the people to this Congress,
so emphatically given at the ballot-box, could
in no other way be obeyed. In the meantime
the lives and property of the Union men and
freedmen of the South, under the working of
the President's plan, had been denied any
practical protection of the law, which was a
necessary result of the fact that the law was
made and administered by rebels.
Two courses of action were open to the For-
tieth Congress. One was to disobey the instruc-
tions of the people by whom it was elected;
to abandon the constitutional amendment: to
afford no protection to the Union men and
freedmen of the South: to leave them unpro-
tected in the power of their enemies; to con-
sent that those who had evinced such a desire
to destroy this Government that no danger or
suffering could deter them from making the
effort, should again be permitted to hold seats
in Congress, with an increase of the power
which they had before the war, the use of
which the country yet shudders to remember
was sufficient to seize men and women under
the tree skies of the North and drag them into
hopeless slavery, and to compel the free tunn
ot the North to join the hunt, or be themselves
incarcerated in prison : and with this increase
fi, vote upon the question whether
the debt incurred to put down the rebellion
and the pledges made by the Government of
bounties and pensions to its maimed and dis-
abled soldiers and their families. Or to pro-
vide by law for the protection of the Union men
