THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution
of the United States, in reference to a law that
is made over his head and on his right, and
over and on nothing else in this nation, cannot
appeal to the Constitution ? And when he does
make the appeal is the Constitution to answer
him, through the House of*Representatives,
"We admit, for argument, that the law is uncon-
stitutional; we admit it operates on you and
your trust-right, and nothing else; we admit
that you were going to raise the constitutional
question, and yet the process of impeachment
is the peril under which you do that, and its
ax is to cut off your head for questioning an
unconstitutional law that operates upon your
right and contravenes that Constitution which
you have sworn to protect and defend in every
department of the Government, on and for the
Legislature, 011 and for the judiciary, on and
for the people, on and for the executive power?''
How will cur learned Managers dispose of this
case of Newell, the auditor, against the people
of the State of New York—a worthy, an up-
right, a useful, a prosperous assertion in the
common interest and for the maintenance of
the constitution, of a duty to the people?
And are we such bad citizens when we ad-
vise that the Constitution of the United States
may be upheld, and that anybody, without a
breach of the peace and in an honest purpose,
may make a case that the instance may be
given whereby the judgment of the court may
be had and the Constitution saved from viola-
tion? Not long since the State of New York
passed a law laying a tax 011 brokerage sales
in the city of New York of a half or three
fourths per cent. 011 o,ll goods that should be
sold by brokers, seeking to raise for the reve-
nue purposes of the State of New York about
ten million dollars 011 the brokers' sales of
merchandise, which sales distribute through
the operations of that emporium the commerce
of the whole country for consumption through
all the States of the Union. Your sugar, your
tea, your coffee that you consume in the valley
of the Mississippi was to be made to pay a tax
in the city of New York, to support the State
of New York in its government by that tax;
and they made it penal for any broker to sell
without giving a bond and paying the tax. Was
it very wicked for me when all the brokers
were in this distress, to advise theni that the
shortest way to settle that matter was not to
give the bond ; and when one of theni, one of
the most respectable citizens of the city, was
indicted by the grand jury for selling coffee
without giving a bond, and it came before the
courts, instead of having, as I supposed when
X gave my advice, to come up to the Supreme
Court of the United States, to vindicate the
Constitution of the United States, I had the
good fortune to succeed in the court of appeals
of the State of New York itself, that court
holding that the law was unconstitutional, and
the indictment failed. Was I a bad citizen for
saving the Constitution of the United States
against these infractions of law ? Was the de-
fendant in the indictment a bad citizen for
undertaking to obey the Constitution of the
United States? Where arc your constitutional
decisions—McCulloch i\?. Maryland ; Brown
vs. Maryland; the bank-tax cases—all these
instances by which a constitution is arrayed
for the protection of the rights which it secures V
It is always by instances, it is always by acts,
and the only ethical condition is that it shall
be done without a breach of the peace and in
good faith.
How is it with people in office that violate,
sometimes, the law? Is it true that they must
necessarily be punished for it? Mr. Lincoln,
before the 1' invasion'' or '' insurrection'' broke
out, had raised the ease of the Constitution
for the suspension of the habeas corpus, un-
dertook to arrest a mischief thai was going 011
at Key West, where, through the forms of
peace, an attack was made upon the Govern-
ment fort there through the habeas corpus.
An excellent way to take a fort! I do not
know whether the honorable Manager, [Mr.
Butler,] who is so good a lawyer, tried that in
all his military experience or not, [laughter;]
but the habeas corpus was resorted to down in
Florida to empty that fort of all its soldiers,
and was succeeding admirably. A judge issued
the habeas corpus; the soldier was brought
out, and then he was free: and so the fort
would have been taken by habeas corpus.
President Lincoln suspended the habeas cor-
pus, violating the law, violating the Constitu-
tion. Should he have been impeached? Is it
necessary that a man should be impeached?
What did he do? lie suspended it by procla-
mation of the 10th of May, 18G1, to be found in
volume twelve Statutes-at-Large, page 12G0;
and at the opening of the next session he re-
ferred to the fact that the legality of the meas-
ures was questioned, and said they were ven-
tured upon under a public necessity, and sub-
mitted to the judgment of Congress whether
there should be legislation or not. That is
found on pages 12 and 13 of the Senate Jour-
nal, first session, Thirty-Seventh Congress,
1861.
There were various other acts of this great,
heroic, good President—the arrest of the mem-
bers of the Legislature of Maryland, never jus-
tified by any law or any constitution that 1
know of, but wholly justified by duty to the
country. And it so happens, what every
statesman knows as the experience of govern-
ment, that public action is to be judged by
public men and public officers as private ac-
tions are to bo judged by private men, accord-
ing to the quality of the act, whether it shall
be impeached or whether it shall be indemni-
fied.
1 do not seek this argument as going further
than to meet the necessity which 1 understand
these learned Managers put forth that an in-
fraction of a statute must carry out of office
any President of the United States who is so
guilty. Why, the very next statute in the book
before me, after the eivil-oHiee-tenure act, 011
page T-l'2 of the volume, is an act to declare
valid and conclusive certain proclamations of
the President and acts done in pursuance
thereof, or of his orders, for the suppression
of the late rebellion against the United States.
The military commissions had been declared
invalid by the Supreme Court, and we have an
act of indemnity covering a multitude of for-
mal, technical sins by indemnify and protec-
tion to have the same effect as if the law had
been passed before they were performed. So,
therefore, this dry, dead interpretation of law
and duty by winch act, act, act, unqualified,
unscrutinized, unweighed, unmea.Mired, is to
form the basis of necessary action of the guil-
lotine of impeachment, disappears wholly un-
der the clear, bright, and hone-t light which
true statesman,ship shells upon the subject.
1 may as conveniently at this point of the
argument as at any other pay some attention to
the astronomical punishment which the learned
and hoiioral.'leManagei'l Mr. Bottwhu,] thinks
should lie applied to this novel ease of im-
peachment of (lie President. Cieero, 1 think it
is, who says that a lawyer should know every-
thing, for sooner or later there is 110 fact in
history, in science, or of human knowledge that
will not come into play in his arguments.
Painfully sensible of my ignorance, being de-
voted to a profession which "sharpens and
does not enlarge the mind," [laughter,] I yet
can admire without envy the superior knowl-
edge evinced by the honorable Manager. In-
deed, upon my soul, I believe he is aware of
an astronomical fact which many professors of
thatscience are wholly ignorant of. Butnever-
tlieless, while some of his honorable colleagues
were paying attention to an unoccupied and
unappropriated island on the surface of the
seas, Mr. Manager Boutwi;i,l, more ambitious,
had discovered an untenanted and unappro-
priated region in the skies, reserved, he would
have us think, in the final councils of the
Almighty, as the place of punishment, for con-
victed and deposed American Presidents.
[Laughter.]
At first I thought that his mind had become
so '' enlarged'' that it was not " sharp" enough
to observe that the Constitution had limited
the punishment; but on reflection I saw that
he was as legal and logical as he was ambitious
and astronomical, [laughter,] for the Consti-
tution has said "removal from office," and
lias put no limit to the distance of the removal,
[laughter,] so that it may be, without shed-
ding a drop of his blood, or taking a penny of
his property, or confining his limbs, instant
removal from office and transportation to the
skies. [Laughter.] Truly,, this is a great un-
dertaking ; and if the learned Manager can
only get over the obstacles of the laws of nature
the Constitution will not stand in his way. He
can contrive 110 method but that of a convul-
sion of the earth that shall project the deposed
President to this infinitely distant space ; but
a shock of nature of so vast an energy and for
so great a result 011 him might unsettle even
the footing of the firm members of Congress.
We certainly need not resort to so perilous a
method as that. How shall we accomplish it?
Why, in the first place, nobody knows where
that space is but the learned Manager him-
self, and he is the necessary deputy to execute
the judgment of the court. [Laughter.]
Let it then be provided that in case of your
sentence of deposition and removal from office
the honorable and astronomical Manager shall
take into his own hands the execution of the
sentence. With the President made fast to
his broad and strong shoulders, and, having
already essayed the flight by imagination, bettor
prepared than anybody else to execute it in
form, taking the advantage of ladders as far
as ladders will go to the top of this great Capi-
tol, and spurning then with his foot the crest
of Liberty, let him set out upon his flight,
[laughter,] while the two Houses of Congress
and all the people of the United States shall
shout " Sic ilur ad astra." [Laughter.]
But here a distressing doubt strikes me ; how
will the Manager get back ? [Laughter.] He
will have got far beyond the reach of gravita-
tion to restore him, and so ambitious a wing
as his could never stoop to a downward flight.
Indeed, as he passes through the constellations,
that famous question of Carlyle by which he
derides the littleness of human affairs upon
the scale of the measure of the Heavens,
" What thinks Bootes as he drives his hunting
dogs up the zenith in their leash of sidereal
fire?" will force itself on his notice. What,
indeed, would Bootes think of this new con-
stellation? [Laughter.]
Besides, reaching I his space, beyond the power
of Congress even "to send for persons and
papers," [laughter,] how shall he return, and
how decide in the contest, there become per-
sonal and perpetual, the struggle of strength
between him and the President? [Laughter.]
In thisnew revolution, thus established forever,
who shall decide which is the sun and which is
the moon? Who determine the only scicutifie
tost which reflects the hardest upon the other?
[Laughter.]
If 1 have been successful at all in determin-
ing the general latitude of the imputed offense
as not bringing it, under the circumstances
which this evidence attaches to it, to the quality
and grade of impeachable offenses, I may now
be prepared, and I hope with some commend-
able brevity, to notice what 1 yet regard as im-
portant to the course of my argument, and
what i assigned as the second topic of it, to
show that all else is political: but I wish to
draw your attention also to what I think is a
matter of great moment, a matter of great con-
cern and influence for all statesmen, and for
all lovers of the Constitution and of the coun-
try—to the particular circumstances undei
which the two departments of the Government
now brought in controversy are placed. I
speak not of persons, but of the actual consti-
tutional possession of the two departments.
The office of President of the United States,
in the view of the fro triers of the Constitution,
and 111 the experience of our national history,
and in the esteem of the people, and in the
ambition of all who aspire to that great place
by worthy means, is an office of great trust
