1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2405
and freedraen by temporary military govern-
ments, arid to submit the creation of a new
State government to all the people of the
South, the loyal blacks as well as the disloyal
whites, and so secure State governments loyal
to the Union, able and willing to protect Union
men and freedmen, and so provide against any
possibility of a renewal of the strife between
the sections of the country, and secure the
adoption of the amendment of the Constitution
which had been approved by the people.
The Congress did not hesitate. Laws were
passed over the veto of the President which
have resulted in the creation of new State gov-
ernments republican in form in most of these
States; and not republican in form alone, but
in spirit and in truth, which will be in entire
harmony with the other portions of the coun-
try, and which will be able to prevent the pos-
sibility of future civil war by themselves taking
proper care of the rebel element in their midst,
which will afford adequate protection and secur-
ity to Union men and freedmen, and which
will secure the adoption of the constitutional
amendment by a sufficient number of States to
satisfy the scruples of Andrew Johnson him-
self. The passage of these laws of course
excited the intense indignation of the President
and his allies of the Democratic party. The
one saw his claim to control the destinies of
the nation by his single will and in accordance
with his personal views and wishes scornfully
brushed away by the Representatives of the
people and his cherished policy set at naught.
The other saw their party deprived of the
strength and political power it was to have
secured by the restoration of its old friends
and allies to political influence, and they joined
in the clamor raised to defame, and the efforts
made to destroy the congressional plan of recon-
struction.
The duty imposed upon the President by the
Constitution was not to make laws or enforce
policies of government, but to execute the laws;
his practice has been to announce and endeavor
to carry out his policy and to prevent the ex-
ecution of the laws. He did prevent the rati-
fication of the constitutionalamendmentby the
southern States and thereby he did prevent the
reconstruction of the Union, and however
much the President or his allies may charge
the Republican party or Congress with keeping
the nation divided, the fact remains that if
Andrew Johnson had not by the aid of the
Democratic party opposed and prevented the
ratification of the constitutional amendment
by the southern States, the nation would have
long ago been united upon a plan approved and
ratified by the American people. Upon the
passage of the reconstruction measures by Con-
gress over his veto he addressed himself not to
the task of executing them, as he was sworn to
do, but to the task of evading and defeating
their execution.
Time will permit me to refer to but few of
the many acts done by the President in fur-
therance of this purpose : the open and
avowed use of the patronage of the Govern-
ment for the purpose of defeating the adoption
of the State constitutions formed under the
law of Congress, and for defeating the execu-
tion of the law, until such prostitution of pat-
ronage has resulted in an alarming decrease
of the revenue through the frauds of corrupt
officials so appointed; and retained in office after
their incompetency and venality had been made
apparent, contrary to the earnest and repeated
appeals made for their removal by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, until opposi-
tion to the reconstruction policy of Congress
has taken the organized form of plundering the
national Treasury.
Then followed the removal from command
of officers of the Army, eminent for their pub-
lic services, because they would not be made
the instruments of violating the law they were
bound to execute. What had General Sickles
done that he should be relieved from his com-
mand and held unfit for the duties of his
office ? Why was General Pope relieved from
his command, or what caused the removal from
his command of the gallant Phil. Sheridan,
whose courage and conduct had again and
again snatched victory from the very jaws of
defeat, and called forth the warmest admira-
tion and gratitude of the nation, in the solemn
and eventful days when the life of the nation
was staked upon the issue of the doubtful strag-
gler? Yet he was removed, notwithstanding
the earnest and repeated entreaty of the Gen-
eral of the Army that he should be continued
in command.
Now, is it not certain that these officers
would not have been removed if the President
had been willing that the reconstruction laws
should have been carried into execution; that
the only reason why the President and General
Grant could not agree upon the propriety of
retaining General Sheridan in command was
the fact that the President desired that the exe-
cution of the reconstruction laws should be
obstructed, and General Grant desired that their
execution should not be obstructed? Why was
General Swayne removed from command in
Alabama, but for the reason that he would not
tolerate a practice of keeping voters from the
polls by force or intimidation or fraud, and
would insist upon the execution of the laws?
His removal gave such encouragement to the
rebel element in that State that they were en-
abled to keep voters from the polls in sufficient
numbers to prevent a majority of the registered
voters of the Slate from voting for the consti-
tution ; and so the President did succeed in
obstructing the execution of the law which he
had sworn to execute. In all these acts he
has had the entire support of the Democratic
party, their real object being to secure to their
old allies, the rebels, the same power they had
before the war; and to secure this end the main
article in their creed has become an assertion
that a visible admixture of negro blood should
deprive a man of the right of suffrage; that
the right of self-government depends not at all
upon intelligence, not at all upon moral char-
acter, but wholly upon the faintest perceptible
shade of color.
The President, in the further prosecution of
his policy, attempted to control the entire
Army in opposition to the congressional plan
of reconstruction. He had beaten reconstruc-
tion in Alabama. Let him secure this entire
military control, and the same results could
be accomplished in the other States ; and to
secure this end it became necessary to remove
the able and patriotic Secretary, whose per-
sonal efforts had done more to save the coun-
try from ruin than those of almost any other.
But a law enacted under every constitutional
form stood in the way of his purpose. His first
attempt was to induce General Grant to vio-
late the law. Hitherto his efforts had been
directed to the evasion and obstruction of the
law he had sworn to execute ; now he openly
solicited the General of the Army to flagrantly
violate its provisions, promising to shield him
from its penalty, as by the exercise of the par-
doning power he could readily do. Ill would
it have been for the country if the President
had found in the commander of the Army a
man as faithless and unscrupulous as himself.
But he found a sense of public duty and a
regard for law so strong as to thwart all bis
plans and to enkindle his bitter animosity.
He then attempted to secure the cooperation
of those other great commanders, Generals
Sherman and Thomas, in aid of his schemes
by offers of preferment and power, but the
heroes who had proven their courage and skill
in war illustrated no less their fidelity and
patriotism in peace by rejecting with scarcely
concealed contempt the tempting baits held
out to them; and while the contest between
the law and the man whose office and duty it
was to execute it was being thus carried on,
and while a Republican majority of more than
two thirds in each House of Congress having
the power to impeach and remove the Presi-
dent, (who was almost the only obstacle to the
reconstruction of the Union,) magnanimously
forbore to exercise that power in the belief
that the law was more powerful than any man ;
the President startled and shocked the coun-
try by claiming for himself, not only the pre-
rogative of refusing to execute the law, and so
to totally suspend its operation, which was the
same claim of prerogative that cost Charles-1
his head and James II his throne, but also the
right himself personally to violate the provis-
ions of a law passed under all the most solemn
forms of the Constitution, himself judicially
to determine when a law is constitutional, to
suspend its operation, to violate its provisions
if he believes it to be unconstitutional, although
two thirds of each branch of the representa-
tives of the people, after hearing the President
and considering his reasons, affirmed the con-
stitutionality of the law upon their oaths. This
arrogant claim of power to embody in himself
the combined executive, legislative, and judi-
cial functions of the Government is now for the
first time in the history of our Government
made by Andrew Johnson.
"On whatraeat hath this our Csesar fed
That ho hath grown so great?"
The President of the United States has no
greater immunity for a violation of the law than
the humblest citizen. A reason which would
justly shield the President from punishment
for a violation of the tenure-of-office act would
also justly shield any man from punishmentfor
the violation of any law. Suppose a Mormon
indicted for a violation of the law against poly-
gamy, pleading that he was of opinion that the
law is unconstitutional, because it interferes
with the exercise of his religion ; suppose a
southern rebel indicted for treason, pleading
that in his belief secession was a constitutional
right; if such a plea may be accepted from
Andrew Johnson or Brigham Young or Jef-
ferson Davis it is the overthrow of all iaw, and
if it is accepted in the one case it must be in
the other. But it was not simply the violation
of law on the part of the President, but such a
usurpation of power as endangered the safety
of the Republic. He claimed the right to re-
move from office, during the session of the
Senate, and without its consent, any officer of
tbe Government and to fill the place with one
of his own creatures—a power plainly in con-
flict with the Constitution, because it swept
away the right vested by the Constitution in
the Senate to confirm or reject his nominations
to office, and placed an uncontrolled power in
his hands dangerous to tbe liberties of the
people.
When we had vainly struggled for years to
suppress the rebellion and not touch the insti-
tution of slavery, we were forced to this pre-
cise point—either give up your country or the
institution of slavery. One final choice be-
tween them is yet permitted you; and accept-
ing the choice which divine Providence had
placed in our hands, our martyred President,
imploring the favorable judgment of mankind
and the gracious favor of Almighty God upon
the act, "bade the slave be free;" and from
that day victory perched upon our banner;
our armies passed in triumph from Donaldson
to Vicksburg, Altoona, Chattanooga, and to
the sea ; and from thence to join the other
victorious army at Richmond, and to finally
obliterate the last vestige of armed treason
from the land. The gracious favor of Almighty
God rested upon the nation.
When we strove to inaugurate loyal govern-
ments in the rebellious States, and at the same
time deny all the rights of manhood to loyal
men because they were not of an orthodox
color, we were foiled at every step; we accom-
plished nothing ; we were again brought fairly
to face this question : will you give up the pur-
pose of creating loyal Stafe governments in the
South, or will you agree to unqualified man-
hood suffrage there? Again we accepted the
situation ; called on loyal men as well as rebels
to assist in forming those governments, and
now we see Louisiana, Georgia, Arkansas,
North Carolina, and South Carolina with loyal
State governments already formed and only
waiting our recognition. In those States true
men are in power and all danger from treason
has passed. Again we struggled to maintain
