2406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
May 11,
the purity of our institutions and the dignity
and supremacy of our laws, and to bear with
a bold, bad man in the presidential chair who
endangered both.
Again we were confronted with the solemn
question: will you give up your Constitution to
be outraged, your laws to be violated and
scorned, or will you again rise to the great
urgency of the hour, and remove from power
the man who sets himself above the law? and
the answer has been given before the Senate
and the nation, when our Representatives, in
the name of this House and of all the people
of the United States, solemnly impeached An-
drew Johnson of high crimes and misdemean-
ors, and the issue remains with the Senate;
and not with the Senate only, but far more
with the people, the only sovereign tribunal.
And upon the just decision of this solemn issue
rest the questions:
Whether in this land of ours the President
or the people have sovereign power?
Whether the irresponsible will of one man
or the law of the laud shall be supreme ?
Whether the President shall seize and use
the immense and increasing patronage of the
nation to oppose the national will and ob-
struct tho execution of the law, thereby cor-
rupting the very fountains of order and public
security; or whether this great nation, reunited,
purged from her old stains, forever secure in
the intelligence and public virtue of her peo-
ple, shall stand forth among the nations the
grandest illustration in human history of the
triumph of liberty and of the vindication of law.
Mr. KERR obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, who moved that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
havingresumed the chair, Mr. Cullom reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, having had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the annual
message ot'the President of the United States,
had come to no resolution thereon.
constitution of soutii carolina.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the constitution of South Carolina
be ordered to be printed for the use of the
House.
The SPEAKER. That would be business ;
and there was an understanding that no busi-
ness should be trans-acted after the House had
gone into the Committee of the WTliole.
Mr. HARDING. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) ad-
journed till Monday next.
petitions, etc. \ -
The following petitions, &e.. were preseut&d
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
• By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of Mrs. Mar-
garet Johnston, of Garrard county, Kentucky,
praying for pension on account of the services
of her husband, Captain David Johnston.
By Mr. JENCKES: The petition of C. B.
Farusworth and others, for removal of ob-
structions in Pawtueket river.
Also, the petition of Edward J. Mallett, for
compensation for services as consular agent at
Florence, Italy.
By Mr. LINCOLN: The petition of W. H.
Gleazen and others, for a mail route between
the coast of Florida and Nassau, New Provi-
den C6.
By Mr. McCARTHY: ThcpetitionofEleazer
Clark and other firms and individuals of Syra-
cuse. importers and dealers in lumber, asking
that the duty on imported lumber be changed
from ad valorem to specific.
By Mr. NUNN: The petition of Mrs. Frances
Enckson, of Tennessee, asking relief for ser-
vices rendered the Government by her late
husband.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Susannah
Thompson, of Kentucky, for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 11, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
impeachment Off the president.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore called the
Senate to order, and at once vacated tho chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Jus-
tice.
The Senate sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment having adjourned,
ThePresident^ro tempore resumed the chair
at eleven o'clock p. m.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. CONNESS, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business, and after some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened ; and
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, the Senate
adjourned to meet at half past eleven o'clock
a. m. to-morrow.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 11, 18C8.
The House met at twelve o' clock m.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is calling the States and
Territories (commencing with tho State of
Maine) for bills and joint resolutions for refer-
ence to appropriate committees, not to be
brought back into the House by motions to
reconsider ; during which call resolutions and
memorials of State and Territorial Legislatures
are in order.
river ani) ihrror appropriation hill.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill (II. II. No.
1040) making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
AMERICAN MANffFACTUREP, ETC.
Mr. MILLER introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 257) declaring that it is inexpedient
for this Government to enter into a treaty with
any foreign Power which tends to discriminate
against the manufactures or productions in any
part of the United States and give such foreign
Power an undue advantage over the industry
of our country; which was read a first and
second lime, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
CONSULAR OFFICERS.
Mr. KELSEY introduced a bill (II. II. No.
1047) to fix the compensation of certain con-
sular officers, to provide for their supervision
and the verification of their accounts, and to
prohibit their collection of fees not authorized
by law; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WELIiER. The Committee on Re-
trenchment has that subject under considera-
tion, and I suggest that the bill be referred to
that committee.
Mr. KELSEY. I am willing it should be
referred to that committee.
It was accordingly referred to the Commit-
tee on Retrenchment, and, with the accom-
panying documents, ordered to be printed.
protection of life. '
Mr. WELIvER presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Ohio, relative to a request
to Congress to take measures to prevent the
loss of life on the waters under the jurisdiction
of the United States; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
PROTEST AGAINST RECONSTRUCTION ACTS.
Mr. VAN TRUMP presented joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Ohio, protesting
against the reconstruction acts of Congress
and against the passage of certain bills now
pending therein, and instructing their Sen-
ators and requesting their Representatives in
Congress to vote for the repeal of the former
and against the passage of the latter; which
were referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the resolutions
bereaci- „„ • t
The SPEAKER. That is generally done
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I object.
JUSTIN A. GOODHUE.
Mr. BEATTY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1048) for payment to Justin A. Goodhue, com-
pany C, twenty-sixth Ohio volunteer infantry;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
TER1US HAUTE AND RICHMOND RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1049) for the relief of the
president and directors of the Terre^ Haute
and Richmond Railroad Company; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
INSPECTION OF CAVALRY.
Mr. PILE introduced a bill (LI. R. No. 1050)
providing for the appointment of an inspector
of cavalry United States Army; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
GRANT OF ISLANDS TO WISCONSIN.
Mr. HOPKINS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1051) to grant certain islands to the State of
Wisconsin as swamp lands, and for other pur-
poses ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
RAILROAD LAND GRANTS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. HOPKINS also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1052) amendatory of an act entitled
"An act granting public lands to the State of
Wisconsin to aid in the construction of rail-
roads in said State," approved June 3, 1856;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
LAND GRANTS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. JOHNSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1053) to finally settle the title to Mexican
land grants in the State of California ; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
RAILROAD LAND GRANT IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. DONNELLY' introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1054) to grant lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from the Mississippi
river to Yancton, on the Missouri river, and
to^ amend an act entitled " An act for a grant
of land to the State of Iowa, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road in said State," approved May 12, 1864 ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
POST K0UTE IN OKECSOX.
Mr. MALLORY introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1055J to establish a certain post route in
the State of Oregon ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MALLORY also introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 1056) to establish a certain post road
m the State of Oregon ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the same
committee.
JUDICIAL DISTRICT.
Mr. FLANDERS introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1058) in relation to the judicial district of
Washington 1 erritory : which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories.
MAIL SERVICE IN DAKOTA AND MONTANA.
Mr. CAV ANAUGH introduced a joint reso-
lutiou (H. R. No. 258) in regard to the mail
service from Fort Abercrombie, Dakota Ter-
