1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4455
States, certifying that they were elected to the
Senate according to the Constitution and laws,
and their credentials were placed upon the
table of the Senate, and those credentials still
show the lact that their terms of service have
not yet expired, the question is when other
gentlemen who claim to have been elected since
the first elections to which I have adverted and
during the terms for which those elections had
been made, and when these second gentlemen
were not entitled to be elected by the Legis-
latures of the respective States at any time pre-
vious to the date set forth in my amendment,
whether the Senate will pass a resolution to
pay them for eighteen months previous to the
time that they were elected, and previous to the
time when, according to the laws of Congress,
their respective States had the power to elect
them. I think that nothing could be more
unsound or more absurd.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is too large a ques-
tion to be disposed of in a moment without
reflection. It involves about half a million
dollars. I trust Senators, while they are will-
ing to do justice and be liberal to these new
Senators and members, will remember that we
cannot go beyond what is liberal and just with-
out doing injustice to our constituents. If
there are sixty of these gentlemen—and the
same rule that is applied to Senators must be
applied to members of the House—it will make
nearly half a million dollars.
Mr. CONKLING. You do not mean half
a million 'I
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. I will state the
question. The difference between the prop-
osition of the Senator from New York and that
of the Senator from Kentucky amounts to
about sixteen months' pay, or nearly a year
and a half's pay. Suppose it amounts $0)500
to each Senator and member. There are about
sixty of them, as near as 1 can tell.
Mr. 13UCKALEW. It amounts to $6,400,
tax; off, for each.
j^lr. SHERMAN. Then I was nearly right.
The members and Senators of these States that
will be entitled to representation during this
Congress—for if they come in at the beginning
of the next session the same rule will have to
be applied—amount to at least sixty, and I
think more.
Mr. DRAKE. Sixty-seven altogether.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, at
$0,500 each, that makes $500,000. While I
am disposed to be liberal to the new Senators
and members, and am wilting to go back to a
reasonable time so as to cover their expenses,
I do not think we should be justitied in going
back a year and a half. I think the rule pre-
scribed by the Senator from Kentucky is fair,
to give them their pay from the time when the
State was first entitled to elect Senators and
members. I am willing Co go back as lar as
any one would think to be reasonable ; but to
go back beyond the time when the States
could send these gentlemen here would be an
excess of liberality at the expense of our con-
stituents. We cannot afford it. The same rule
that is involved in regard to Senators is involved j
in regard to members; and I am told the
House is awaiting the action of the Senate on
this question in order to fix the pay of their
members.
Mr. STEWART. Move to amend it so as
to make it commence from the beginning of
this session.
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; I think the Senator
from Kentucky has got it about right; that is
from the time the States were entitled to elect
Senators and Representatives, and not before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the time of the
adoption of the constitutional amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ken-
tucky goes a little beyond that. I am willing
to go as far as he does. I will ask him what
time lie iixes.
Mr. DAVIS. I fix the time of the passage
of the law that authorized the respective States
to elect Senators.
Mr. SHERMAN. That certainly is liberal
enough, because these Senators could not be
elected until that time. That goes back to the
time within which they could bo elected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When was that?
Mr. SHERMAN. In June. I suppose the
resolution fixes it.
Mr. BCICKALEW. I desire to make one
remark in this connection. I think the subject
may as well be disposed of now as at any time.
We are acting upon a resolution of the Senate
alone, and that resolution must be in conform-
ity with the law regulating the compensation
of members of Congress. If these gentlemen
are to receive more than the existing law
authorizes, let us have a resolution of the two
Houses on the subject. It is a subject, that
belongs to the Senate and House. If you go
outside of the present law, you must make a
law either in the form of a bill or in the lorm
of a joint resolution ; and when that question
comes up, I am willing to consider it. If the
House sends us a proposition in the form of a
law I am willing to take it up and act upon it
and vote upon it now or at any future time;
but at present we are passing a resolution of the
Senate alone, and of course we cannot vote in
this form any more money than is authorized
by the existing law. That will only authorize
the payment of the members from States that
are entitled to representation in the Senate.
In voting for this amendment I do notpreclude
my judgment in passing upon the general ques-
tion when it is proper to be raised; but it
would be monstrous for us by a resolution of
the Senate alone to attempt to make a law and
open the Treasury. We cannot do it. The
accounting officers would be justified in refus-
ing to execute it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the amend-
ment be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be reported as proposed to be
amended.
The Chief Clehk. The resolution, if
amended as proposed, will read :
Resolved, That the Seerotary of the Scnato be di-
rected to ppy to the Senators trom the State of Ark-
ansas the compensation allowed by law from the
22d day of June, IStiS, and to theSenatorsfromFlor-
ida, North Carolina, and Louisiana, from the 25th
day of Juno, 1868, and to the Senators from South
Carolina from the — day of , 1868.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senators from South
Carolina should be included with the Senators
from Florida, North Carolina, and Louisiana.
They came in under the omnibus bill.
Mr. DAVIS. That is my understanding.
Mr. DRAKE. Just put in South Carolina
with the others of the same date.
Mr. DAVIS. The Clerk can make that
modification.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I do not wish it to be
inferred from my calling up this resolutiont.bat
I have any theory to sustain with regard to it;
and it is due also to these gentlemen to say, as
far as I have heard them express their opinion
on this subject, that they have no theory about
it. They only want the judgment of the Sen-
ate fixing what is due to them.
I have but one remark to make upon the
merits of this question. When the case of
Tennessee arose I was unable to see, as a
member of the House, exactly the principle
upon which the Senate acted. The Senate
did fix, in spite of the remonstrance, I think,
of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] and some other Senators, a rule in that
case which is precisely the rule adopted by
this resolution. I have in my hand the Jour-
nal of the Senate of 1800—67, from which it
appears that—
"Mr. Harris, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the letter of the Secretary
of the Senate in relation to the payment of the Sen-
ators admitted from the State of Tennessee at the
last session of Congress, reported tho following reso-
lution : ,
"'That the Secretary of the Senate bo
directed to pay to the Senators from tho State ot len-
nessoe the compensation allowed by law, to be com-
puted from the commencement of tho Thirty-Ninth
Congress.'"
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumneb] offered an amendment express-
ive of the idea of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, as I understand, in these words:
" On motion by Mr. Sumner, to amend tho resolu-
tion by striking out the words ' commencement^ of
tho Thirty-Ninth Congress,' and inserting in Ilea
thereof tho words 'date of the resolution ot Con-
gress recognizing Tennessee as entitled to represent-
ation,'it was determined in the negative; and on
tho question to agree to the resolution, itwasaeterm-
ined in the affirmative.
" So itwas
" lieaolvcd "
As I previously read. I have before me the
debate in the Globe on this subject.
Mr. DRAKE. What was the date of that
resolution?
Mr. CONKLING-. The resolution was re-
ported on the4th of February, 18G7, and itwas
disposed of finally on the 2d of March, 1867.
There is the Journal if tho Senator will take
the trouble to look at it himself.
I have here the debate on this subject, which
I have not the opportunity to look at carefully,
but I find that these same considerations were
presented, and I confess I am unable to see
how the honorable Senator from Kentucky dis-
tinguishes Tennessee from this case by saying
that Tennessee all the time retained represent-
ation in Congress.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, if they were completely alike, and
the precedent of Tennessee was exactly and
literally in accordance with the present, and I
had inadvertently voted in favor of that com-
pensation to the Senators from Tennessee, I
would be as ready, willing, and free to reverse
that precedent and to vote against this princi-
ple as though it had never been set.
Mr. CONKLING. That I think is perfectly
fair and perfectly just; and sol think should
I feel free to vote ; and yet it is due to all of
us that we should understand precisely what
this precedent is. Tennessee, 1 submit to the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, was not
represented through the rebellion in either
House. He knows itwas not represented here,
and I know that Tennessee was not represented
in the House of Representatives, of which I was
then a member. On the contrary, the same
hiatus which has occurred in the case of these
States occurred in the case of Tennessee, not
exactly so long, I admit. The present incum-
bent of the Presidency was here longer than
representatives from Alabama, Louisiana, and
Georgia lingered. Nevertheless, in theory of
law and in point of fact, for every purpose
now, the same interruption of representation
occurred in the State of Tennessee as took
place in the instance of these other States.
Further than that, as the Senator will remem-
ber, Tennessee obliterated, so to speak, by her
own act that government by virtue ot which
representation was originally enjoyed ; and the
act admitting Tennessee recited, iwell remem-
ber, as its preamble, that the citizens of that
State having adopted a constitution of govern-
ment republican in form and ratified the sair.is
by a large majority, referring to the date, which
was then recent, had become entitled to rep-
resentation.
My honorable friend behind me [Mr. Hend-
ricks] says in a whisper they did not amend
their constitution. I beg him to remember
that they did ; that they amended their consti-
tution disqualifying large portions of their cit-
izens from exercising the elective franchise,
and that they came in under a special report
made in advance by the Reconstruction Com-
mittee—and I am able to remember it because
I happened myself to be a member—a report
made in advance from the committee, I think,
by the honorable Senator from Iowa, not now-
present, [Mr. Grimes,] reciting the fact which
1 have specified, that they had amended their
constitution or had set up a new constitution
by a large majority of the votes cast, whictt
constitution was republican in form, and til'ere-
fore, in the language substantially whic i w
adopted in the omnibus bill, so called, en
see was admitted. So that Sena tors, will see
that Tennessee stood on all foars with these
