350
SUPPLEMENT TO
fouud u not guilty" under that, and convicted
on an iudictment that the House refused to
sustain, or upon that wider indictment of the
newspaper press, and without an opportunity
to bring proof or to make arguments on the
subject, seems to us too monstrous for any
intelligence within or without this political
circle, this arena of controversy, to maintain
for a moment.
i may hope, somewhat briefly, to draw your
attention to what lies at the basis of the dis-
cussion of the power and authority that may be
rightfully exercised or reasonably be assumed
in the action of the President to be exercised,
even if it should prove erroneous within the
premises of this matter between the two
branches of the Government.
The coordination of the powers of Govern-
ment is not only the greatest effort in the frame
of a written constitution, but I think it must be
conceded that as it occupies the main portion
of the Constitution itself, so it has been regarded
by all competent critics at home and abroad to
have been a work most successfully accom-
plished by the framers of our Government.
Indeed, if you will look at the Constitution, you
will find that beyond that very limited though
very impmtant service, of dividing what belongs
to Government and what shall be left to the
liberties of the people, and then discriminating
between what shall be accorded to the General
Government and what shall be left to the
domestic governments of the States, the whole
service of the Constitution is to build up these
three departments of the Government so that
they shall have strength to stand as against the
others, and not strength to encroach or over-
throw.
Much has been said about Congress as being
the great repository of power. "Why, of course
it is. It is the repository of power and of will,
and there is not any diiliculty in making Con-
gress strong enough. Congress, that must be
intrusted with all the strings of power and
furnished with all its resources, the effort of
the Constitution is to curb and restrain ; and
so you will find that almost all the inhibitions
of the Constitution are placed upon Con-
gress—upon Congress in withholding it from
power over the people j from Congress in with-
holding it from power over the States ; from
Congress in withholding it from power over
the coordinate branches; and, nevertheless,
by a neccssary and absolute'deposit of author-
ity in Congress, it is left master of the whole.
This power of Parliament in the Biitish con-
stitution makes the Commons masters of the
Government. To what purpose is it to pto-
vido that the justices of the Supreme Court
shall hold their tenure for hie, and that their
salaries shall not be diminished during the
term of their service, when Congress, by an
undoubted constitutional power, may omit and
refuse to appropriate one dollar to the sup-
port of any particular justice during any par-
ticular year or series of years ? Nevertheless,
the Government is to bo administered by men.
and in an elective government the trust is that
the selected agents of the people will be faith-
ful to their interest and will be endowed with
sufficient intelligence to protect tlieni.
Put simple as is the constitution of the judi-
ciary, and needing no care, when you come to
tho executive authority arises the problem
which has puzzled, does puzzle, will pu/zle, all
fiamers of government having 110 source and
no ideas t>f authority except what springs from
tho ele-'tlve sufftage. You have the balance
of she ]Jj itish constitution between the Crown
and the Parliament, because it tests upon ideas
and traditions and expejietice which have
framed one portion of the Government as
>ju inging up from the people and in their light,
ami the other portion of the Government as
de-'eendiitg from Divine authority and in its
right : and you have 110 diiliculty in enlarging,
confirming, and bracing up the authority of
Parliament, provided you leave standing the
author;!}' and majesty of the throne. Put
here the problem is, how, without the support
of nobility, of the fountain of honor, of time,
of strength, of inheritance, how under a suf-
frage and for a brief period to make an Exec-
utive that is strong enough to maintain itself
against the contentions of the Constitution?
Underthese circumstances, and adjnstingthe
balance as it is found in the Constitution, our
ancestors disposed of the question. Jthasserved
us to this time. Sometimes, in the heat of
party, the Executive has seemed too strong j
sometimes, in the heat of party, Congress has
seemed too strong 5 yet every contest and every
danger passes away, managed, administered,
controlled, protected by the great, superior, pre-
dominant interest and power of the people
themselves. And the essence of the Constitu-
tion is, that there is no period granted by it of
authority to the Senate in their six years'
term, to the President in his four years' term,
to the House of Representatives in their two
years' terra, no period that cannot be lived
through in patience subordinate and obedient
to the Constitution; and that, as was said in
the debate which I read from the Convention,
applied to the particular topic of impeachment,
there will be 110 danger when a four years'
recurring election restores to the common
master of Congress and the Executive the
trust reposed, that there will be a temptation
to carry for political controversy and upon
political offense the sword of the Constitution,
and make it peremptory and final 111 the de-
struction of the office.
I beg leave, in connection with this subject,
its delicacy, its solicitudes in the arrangement
of constitutional power, to read two passages
from a great statesman, whose words when he
was alive were as good as anybody's, and
since liis death have not lost their wisdom with
his countrymen ; 1 mean Mr. Webster. In his
debate upon the Panama mission he said, in
speaking of the question of the confidence of
Congress in the Executive:
"Tim seems a singular notion of confidence, and
certainly is not my notion of that confidence which
the Constitution requires one blanch of the Govern-
ment to repose in unolher. The Pi esulent is not our
agent, but, like ourselves, the agent of the people.
They have trusted to his hands the proper duties of
his ofiice; and wo are not to take those duties out ot
his hands from any opinion of our own Unit we-should
execute them hot tero in selves The confidence which
is due iiom us to (tie Kxecuhvc and from theKxecu-
ti\ c to us is not i>ei.->onal, hut otlicial and constitu-
tional. It has nothing to do \\ ith individual likings
or disiikings; hut) epulis from that division ot power
among departments and those limitations 011 the
authority ot each which belong to the nature and
Ira me of our (Jo vein men t. It would heunfoi tun ate,
indeed, it our line of constitutional action were to
\ ibr.ite backwai d and fox w aid according to ouropin-
ions of persons, swei-\ mg this way to-day from undue
attachment, and the other way to-morrow from dis-
trust or dislike. This may sometimes happen from
the weakness of our virtues or the excitement of our
passions; but I trust it will not be coolly recom-
mended <0 us as the rightful course of public con-
duct.''— \Y<l>f>tu Works', vol. 3, p. 187.
Again, in his speech on the presidential
protest in the Senate in lS'J 1, he said:
"The first obiect of a free people is the prcserva-
I turn of thoir Jilxu ty, and liberty is only to be pre-
; served by maintaining constitutional restraints and
: just dnision of political power. Nothing is moie
deceptive 01 more dangt rous than the pretense of a
J desire to simplify government. Tho funniest (Jov-
j eminent-'arc despotisms; the next simplest, limited
I monaichies; but all republics, ail Go\erninents ot
i law, lme-t nnp'ise numerous limitations and qualifi-
| cations of authority and give many positive and
, many qualified rights. In other words, they must be
Mt'n.ku to lule and regulation. This is the very es-
sence of free pohfu-ut institutions. The spiiit of
hbeity is, indeed, a bold and fearless spiiit; but it
is also a shai p-.-ighted spuit; it is a cautious, saga-
: eious, di.-enminatiu;.:, f.u-sceing intelligence; it is
; jealou< of encioachment, jealous ot power, jealous
' of man. It demands checks; it seeks fyr  uards; it
, iusistsou securities: ir in ti ouches itself behind strong
defenses, and fortifies itself, with all possible oaie,
against t he assaults of ambition and passion. It does
, not tiust the amiable weaknesses of human nature,
, and, therefore, it vvil 1 not permit powei to overstep
| its presuibed limits, though benevolence, good in-
1 tent, and patriotic purpose come along with it.
, Neither does it satisfy ifself with flashy and tempo-
rary resistance to illegal authority. Pjr otherwise.
It seeks for duration ami oennanenec; it looks be-
fore and after; and, building op the expeiience of
■ ages which ai e past, it iaboi s diligently tor the ben-
efU of ages to come. This is the nature of consti-
1 tutional liberty; and this is our libeuy. if we will
, rightly understand and preserve it. lively freeGov-
i eminent is necessarily complicated, because all such
Governments establish restraints, as well on the
power of Government itself as on that of individuals.
If we will abolish the distinction of branches, and
have but one branch; if we will abolish jury trials,
and leave all to the judge; if we will then orduin
that the legislator shall himself be that judge; and
if we will place the executive power in the same
hands, we may readily simplify government. We
may easily bring it to the simplest of ail possible
forms, a pure despotism. But a separation of depart-
ments, so far as practicable, and the preservation of
clear lines of division between them, is the funda-
mental idea in the creation of all our constitutions;
and, doubtless, the continuance of regulated liberty
depends on maintaining these boundaries."—Web-
ster's Works, vol. 4, p. 122.
I think I need to add nothing to these wise,
these discriminating, these absolute and per-
emptory instruct ions of this distinguished states-
man. The difficulty and the danger are exactly
where this Government now linds them in the
withholding of the strength of one department
from working the ruin of another.
Mr. CONKEING. Mr. President, I move
an adjournment for the day.
The motion was agreed to 5 and the Sen-
ate. sitting fur the trial of the impeachment,
adjourned.
Thursday, April SO, 18G8.
The Chief Justicc of the United States took
the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives and the
counsel for the respondent, except Mr. Stan-
bery and Mr. Curtis, appeared and took the
seats assigned to them respectively.
The members of the House of Representa-
tives, as in Committee ol the Whole, preceded
by Mr. E. 13. YVasiiijukxi:, chairman of thai
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
and Clerk, appeared and were conducted to the
seats pro\ided for them.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings of
the Senate, sitting for the trial of the impeach-
ment, was read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The first business
in order is the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Scmneii,] which the Sec-
retary will read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Whereas Mr. Nelson, one of the counsel for tho
President, in addressing the Senate, h:is used disor-
derly words, as follows, namely: beginningwifhper-
sonahties directed to one of the Managers he pro-
ceeded to say: " So far as any question that the gen-
tleman desires to make of a personal character ^ith
me is concerned, this is not the place to make it. Let
him make it elsewhere it he desiies to do it;" and
whereas such language, besides being discreditable
to these proceedings, is apparently intended to pro-
voke a duel or to signify a willingness to light a duel,
contrary to law and good morals : Therefore,
Ordered, That Mr. Nelson, one of the counsel of
tho President, has justly deserved the disappioba-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, I move
to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
Thejcas and nays were ordered: and the
Chief Clerk called Mi. Axtiioxi's name.
Mr. ANTHONY. Before voting 011 this I
should like to propose a question to the coun-
sel, and I will do it in writing, or. if the Senate
will allow me. f will do it verbally.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If there is no ob-
jection the Senator from Rhode Island can
propose a question.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to ask of the coun-
sel if, in the remaik which has been quoted in
the resolution, if wn* hi« intention to challenge
the Manager alluded to to a mortal combat?
Mr. NELSON, it is a very difficult ques-
tion for me to answer. Daring the recess of
the Senate the day before yesterday the hon-
orable gentleman [Mr. Manager Bctleu] re-
marked to me that he was going to say some-
thing upon the subject of Alta Vela, and de-
sired me to remain. When the gentleman read
his remarks to the Senate J regarded them as
charging me with di-honorable conduct before
the Senate, and in the heat of tho diseuspion
I made use of language which was intended to
