THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
topography, and physical geography of one of the
most uitrresting regions of our continent.
Though the ohjeet of the exploration is tho ad-
vance ot science, its results will beof much practical
value. Tho professor intends to give special atten-
tion to the hydrology ot the mountain system in its
relation to agriculture.
The vapor from the Pacific ocean, which would
otherwise fertilize the interior of tho continent, is
stopped on its passage east by the mountains, thus
depriving the soil of an essential ingredient of pro-
ductiveness ; but this vapor, in the torm ol water, may
again be reclaimed for tho uoes of tho husbandman
by a judicious system of irrigation, founded on a
critical knowledge of the hydrology and topography
of the country.
The expedition of Professor Powell has the entire
approval of the Smithsonian Institution, and will bo
furnished by it with instructions and such facilities as
its means will alfcVd in the way of outfit.
The cost of the assistance which he asks from Gov-
ernment is nothing in comparison with the import-
ance of the knowledge which we may reasonably
expect will be obtained.
1 am, with much respect, very truly your friend and
servant, JOSEPH 1IEN11Y.
Hon. J. A. Garfield, House of Representatives.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TARIFF
Mr. SPALDING submitted the following
resolution, upon which he called the previous
question:
Resolved,, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed, in preparing a bill regulating the du-
ties on imports, to have regard to an equalization of
the amount imported from ofher countries with the
amount exported from the United States, so far as
the same can be effected by ajudicious tariff.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREATMENT OF PRISONERS OF WAR.
Mr. MUNGBN. I submit the following res-
olul ion, upon which J call the previous question ;
Resolved, That the powers and duties of the Com-
mittee on the Treatment of Union Soldiers and Pris-
oners be extended so that they shall inquire into and
report upon tho treatment of prisoners in the north-
ern camps and prisons; also, upon the conduct of
Union officers, civil and military, m relation to the
exchange of prisoners; and, also, into any proposition
made on the part of the Confederate authorities to
our Government for the purpose of obtaining medi-
cines to be sent under charge of Federal surgeons to
Andersonville and other southern camps and prisons,
and to be used exclusively lor tho benefit ot Union
prisoners in those camps and prisons.
Mr. GARFIELD. Thisinforraationhasbeen
furnished by the Department and is now before
the House.
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 43, not voting
72 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, James M. Ashley,
Bailey, Baker. Bcaman, Beatty, Benjamin, BinjJiam,
Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,
Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Donnelly, Eok-
ley, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Garfield,
Halsey, Higby, Chester 0. Hubbard, Judd, Kelsey,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Marvin, McCarthy, Miller, Moore, Moorhead,
Morrell. Myers, Newoomb, O'Neill, Orth, Perham,
Peters, Pike, Plants, Price, Xtauxn, Sawyer, Scoiield,
Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas,
John Trimble, Trowbridge. Upson, Van Aernam,
Van Wyck, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Wash-
burn, Welker, Thomas Williams, Stephen F.Wilson,
and Windom—74. ^ _
NAYS—Messrs Bank?, Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr.
Cary, Eldridge, Get?., Goiladay, Giover, Harding, ,
Hawkins, ilolman, Hopkins, HoU'Lkiss. Richard L>. i
Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Jenckos, Johnson,
Julian, Kerr, Knott, Lad in, Mallory, Marshall,
MeCormick. JMomui, Niblack, Nunn, Pruyn, han-
dall. Robinson, lloss, Shanks, Sitgrcaves, Stone,
Taffe, Twieholl, Yan Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van
Trump, and Woodward—43.
NOT VOTING— Me>si s. Adams, Allison, Anderson,
Archer, Delos It. Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin, Barnes,
Barnum, Benton, Blaine, Butler, Chanler, Cornell,
Dawe«, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Eggleston, Fields, I tn-
ney. Fox, Glossbrenner, Gravely. Griswold, llaight,
Hill, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Inger-
soll, Jones, Kelley, Keteham. lvitchen, Koontz,
Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, McClurg,
McOulIough. Mereur, Morrissey, Mullins, Mungen,
Nicholson. Paine, Phelps, Pile, Poland, Polslcy,
Pomeroy. Robertson, Sohenck, Solve, Shellabarger,
Smith, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart,
Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Wood, and Woodbridge—72.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
RECESS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. FCTvLEY. I oiler the following reso-
lution, on whitih 1 demand the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved bu the House of Representatives. (theSenate
concurring,) That at the adjournment, on Saturday,
the 10th instant, a recess bo taken until Monday, the
2oth instant.
Mr. HARDING. I move that this resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
On the motion there were—ayes 44, noes 53.
Mr. HARDING. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 57, nays CD, not voting
G3 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Bcaman, Benton, Blair, Boutwell,
Bromwell, Bioomall, Buir, Churchill,Cobb, Coburn,
Eta, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Garfield, Gotoiaday,
Grover, llardmg, Higby, Hooper, Hunter, Julian,
Kelsey, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan, Lougbridpre, JVlallory, Marvin, Moore, Myers,
Ncweomb, O'Neill, Orth. Paine, Perham, Pike, PI ants,
Raum, Sawyer, Scoiield, Aaron F. Stevens, Thad-
deus Stevens, Taylor, Tjowbridge, Twiehell, Upson,
Burt Van Uorn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, and
Wood bridge—57.
NAYS*—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Bailey, Beatty,
Bock, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Boyer, Brooks,
Buckland, Butler, Cake, Cary, Header W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Covode, Dodsre, Eekley, Feniss.Getz,
Halsey, Hawkins, Ilolman, Hopkins?, lIoLebkis.s,
Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Jenckes, Johnson, Judd, Kerr, Lalim, Lin-
coln, Logan, Marshall, McCarthy, MeCormick, Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Morrell, Mungen, Niblaek, Nunn,
Peters,Price, Pruyn, Randall, llobinson, Ross. Smith,
Spalding, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Talle, Thomas,
John Trimble, Yan Aemam, Van Auken, Elihu B.
Washbume, IJonry D. Washburn, Welker, William
Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Wiiidom, and Woodward—O'J.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Archer,
Delos R. Ashley, Axtell, Barnes, Barmiui, Chanlcr,
Cook, Cornell, Cullom, Daweh, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, EgKleston, Eldridge, Fields, Finney, Fox,
Glo«sbrenner, Gravely, Griswold, llaight, Hill,
Asahel W.Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll. Jones. Kel-
ley, Keteham, Kitchen,Knott, Koontz, Lynch, May-
nard, McClurg, MeCullough, Mercus, Morgan, Mor-
rissey, Mullins, Nicholson, Phelps, Pile, Poland,
Polslcy, Pomeroy, Robertson, Schenek, Selye,
Shanks, Shellabargei, Sitgreaves. Starkweather,
Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, John T.Wilson, and Wood—03.
So the House refused to laytheresolution on
the table.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question upon the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. # Mr. Speaker, has
not the morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired ; but this being a privileged resolution
the expiration of the morning hour does not
cut it off.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. This resolution was offered under the
call of States; and the States can be called
only during the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. That is true ; but a privi-
leged resolution, when it conies before the
House, has priority over other business. This
resolution being properly before the House
under the rules the expiration of the morning
hour does not cut it off.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It was not offered
as a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. It was offered under the
call of States ; but being a privileged resolu-
tion it is before the House until disposed of,
notwithstanding the expiration of the morning
hour. -r . .
Mr. HARDING. Is it m order to move an
amendment ?
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Eckley] has called the previous question.
Unless he withdraws the call no amendment is
now in order.
Mr. HARDING. I would like to offer an
amendment providing that we shall not receive
any pay lor the recess proposed in the resolu-
tion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair. If the previous ques-
tion should not be seconded will the resolu-
tion go over?
The SPEAKER. It will not. It must be
disposed of. If the previous question should
not be seconded the resolution will be open
for debate or amendment.
On seconding the previous question there
weie—ayes G4, noes 35.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The question being on agreeing to the reso-
lution,
Mr. UPSON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas G8, nays 07, not voting
54; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell, Bailey,
Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine. Boyer,
Biooks, Buckland, Butler, Cake, Cary, Iieadei W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Dodge, Eckley, Eggieston,
Ferriss, Getz, Halsey, Hawkins, Holman, Hotehkiss,
Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phi ey, Jenckes, Judd,Laflin,Lincoln, Logan, Lynch,
McCarthy, Miller, Moorhead,Moirell, Mnngen, Nib-
lack, Nunn, Peters,Pile, Plants, Price, Pruyn, Ran-
dall, ltohinson, Boss, Schenck, Smith, Spalding, Stew-
art, Stokes, Stone,Taffe, Thomas, John Trimble, Van
Aemam, Van Auken, Henry D. Washbuin, Welker,
Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Wuidom, and Woodward—06.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benton, Blair,
Boutwell, Bromwell,Broomall,Burr,Churchill,Cobb,
Coburn, Cullom, Driggs, Ela, Eldridgc, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Garfield, Golladay, Gravely, Griswold,
Grover, Harding, Higby, Hooper, Hunter, Johnson,
Julian, Kel?-ey, Kerr, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawieuce, Loan, Loughridge, Mallory, Marshall,
Marvin, McCormick, Moore, Myers, Newcomb,
O'Neill, Orth, Pame, Pike, Kaum, Sawyer, Scoiield,
Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens. Tay-
lor, Trowbridge, Twiehell, Upson, Burt Yan Horn,
Yan Trump, Van Wyck. Elihu B. Washburne, Wil-
liam Williams, and Woodbridge—67,
NOT VOTING—Messrs, Archer, Delos R. Ashley,
Axtell, Barnes, Barnum, Chanler, Cook, Cornell, Co-
vode, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Fields, Finney, Fox,
GJov-sbronner,IIaight, Hill, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Ingersoll. Jones, Kelley, Keteham,
Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, Maynard, McClurg, MeCul-
lough, Meruur, Morgan, Morrissey, Mullins, Nichol-
son, Perham, Phelps, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Rob-
ertson, Sclye, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,Starkweather,
Taber, Lawience S. Trimble, Robert T. Yan Horn,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
bum, John T. Wilson, and Wood—54.
So the resolution was adopted.
message i'-kom txie president.
A message in writing was received from the
Fresidentof the United States, by Mr. William
G. Moohk, one of his Secretaries.
CLEltXC TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. THOMAS. I ask unanimous consent
to report a resolution from a select committee.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
^ Resolved, That the sclect committee directed to
inquire into the truth of the charges made against
Hon. I. Donnelly by Hon. E. B. Washmjrse, and of
the charges made by Hon. James Brooks against
, Hon. Blnjamix F. Butler, be authorized to employ
. a clerk at a compensation oi six dollars per day.
I Mr. HARDING. I object.
i Mr. THOMAS. I move to suspend the
| rules.
Lhe House divided j and there were—aves
■ /2, noes 25. "
• I So the rules were suspended, more than.
:: two ^thirds voting^m favor thereof
, £he SPEAKER. The resolution is now
before the House.
, Mi. 1 HOMAS. I move to amend the reso-
ji inaon by providing that the committee shall bo
authorized to sit during the sessions of the
' • House.
I he amendment was agreed to.
