4456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
States, having had representation, having lost
or abandoned it, and having undergone a trans-
mutation of State institutions.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumxeii,] on that occasion, embracing the
idea now suggested by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, offered an amendment expressive of the
same idea, and that was sustained on the one
side and the other as the debate shows. The
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] deduced
some analogy from his State, which had been
a Territory, from which he had been chosen
before statehood occurred, and his pay had
reverted back. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] as the debate shows,
drew his attention to distinctions between that
case and the case then under consideration,
and the judgment of the Senate maturely was
that under the law as it stood those two Sen-
ators were entitled to a computation of pay
commencing with the beginning of that Con-
gress ; and so the resolution passed.
Now, Mr. President, these gentlemen in
whose behalf, in a certain sense, we are con-
sidering this question, turning back to the rec-
ords, found this precedent, and they found no
other analogous precedent, and so tar as they
have expressed any opinion or any wish, as tar
as I know on the subject, it is that their case
fell within the Tennessee precedent, which it
seems to me to do. But if Senatois, exercis-
ing the right, which I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky justly and properly claims,
uow, upon a more mature review of the prem-
ises, choose to reverse their judgment, cer-
tainly I am not here to contend against that.
No doubt everybody will be content with pre-
cisely what is jjst.
I wish, however, to make one brief and
parting suggestion on this subject. I will not
venture to say anything as to the experience of
the Senate ; but in the House, where a death
lias occurred, where, from some unforeseen
contingency, a district has been left unrepre-
sented, and an election has taken place long
after the commencement oi the term, as far as
I remember, for the last ten years in every
instance the practice has been to allow the
computation to be made>iimr; pro tunc, to allow
them to count from the time when the Congress
itself began. 1 know there is a distinction to
be drawn which my honorable friend [Mr.
Drakh] very likely rises to draw between that
case and the case of a district itself ineligible.
That i admit.
Mr. DRAKE. I merely want to make this
suggestion to the honorable Senator from New
York, that by joint resolution of both Houses
of Congress, standing on the statute-book lor
some time past, a Senator or Representative
elected to till a vacancy takes his pay from
the time the vacancy occurs. That is by special
law, a joint resolution of the two Houses now
Standing on the statute-book and operative.
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
is right in that statement the fact which he
states goes back but very little way; for I re-
member several instances in the ease of my
own colleagues, gentlemen from the State of
New York, of special reports being made and
special resolutions passed in order to enable
them to do what the Senator says maybe clone
under a general law. He will find, if he looks,
that when there was no such general law, when
the question was entirely open, the uniform
practice of the House in such cases was to
allow the computation to go back to the com-
mencement of the Congress ; that is, in other
words, the commencement of the term. Now,
sir, there may be distinctions to be drawn
between that case and this; very likely there
are, but the Tennessee case, I submit, is on all-
fours with this, and upon that much experi-
ence—I know of no other—it is for Senators
to'say what they think of the whole ground.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I rise to answer the
Senator upon the analogy. He is mistaken
entirely upon it. Compensation was paid until
recently only at the date of the session of Con-
gress. Payments were not made between times
until recently. There was no authorized, reg-
ular session before the first. Monday in Decem-
ber. Consequently, at the first session of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress these gentlemen from
Tennessee took their seats and served a part
of that session. There has been no meeting
of Congress during the previous spring or sum-
mer during all that. time. .
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
will allow me a moment, my recollection is
that in 185C the law was passed under which
we now receive compensation, except that two
years ago an addition of $2,000 was made,
which provision was that the pay should be
$3,000 a year, being so much a month, and
from that day to this the pay has been drawn
monthly by those who chose to dc> it, whether
there was or was not a session ot Congress.
Mr. BUCKALEW. No, sir; it was not
drawn between the. sessions of Congress.
Mr. CONKLING. Until when?
Mr. BUCKALEW. We passed a measure
within a couple of years past authorizing it
to be paid in that way. Mr. President, the
Senators from Tennessee appeared at the first
session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress; although
they did not serve the whole of that session, it
was held that we could not split it, and we paid
them what was paid to other members for that
session, and counting from the beginning ot
Congress, as the law then stood, was substan-
tially counting for the session that they were
present. In the case before us, the proposition
is to go back and pay for a former service at a
former session when these members were not
here at all. The cases are radically different,
the law having no application to this case,
whereas it would have an application to the
former.
There is another consideration upon the
point 1 am on—the Senator's analogy—and
that is. that these cases come up under the
reconstruction laws, the first of which was
passed on the 2d of March, last year, the sec-
ond on the 23d of March, the third one in July,
and one or two at the present session. None
of these reconstruction laws with reference to
the right of these States to representation was
in existence when the case of the State of Ten-
nessee was before us, and there was then a
general legal presumption that that State was
entitled to lepi esentation in Congress according
to Mr. Lincoln's idea, and it was held, when
the Senators appeared here at the first session
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, that we could
not split that session under the law. Now, I
insist that upon both of these grounds the
distinction is wide between these cases and the
former.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania will perceive that there is this analogy
between the case of Tennessee and the ease
of these States in reference to reconstruction :
the Senators and Representatives from Ten-
nessee were not admitted until a joint resolu-
tion had passed both Houses restoring Ten-
nessee to representation. The Senators and
Representatives were admitted immediately
under that joint resolution.
The objection that the accounting officers of
the Treasury will not pass an account for the
payment of these Senators is met by the fact
that in the case of the Senators and Represent-
atives of Tennessee they did pass precisely
similar accounts for the payment of those Sen-
ators back to the commencement of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress. The cases are precisely
similar.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am willing to pay
these members their compensation upon some
reasonable and right principles, but I am not
able to see how it is proper to pay them when
they were not elected, and when Congress held
by express law that the States were not en-
titled to representation.
Mr. BU CKALE W. Before the Senator goes
on 1 wish to call attention to one thing. For
every day of the session that a member of the
Senate is absent he is required to report his
absence, and his pay is deducted for that time.
If a gentleman now present, had been absent
during the first session of the Fortieth Con-
gress "he would have been required to deduct
hisl>avfor the whole time. Here atensen who
were never here at all during that so^ion, and
they are to receive pay, while m the ease oi
men who were entitled to be here, elected Sen-
ators, their pay is to be deducted lor absence,
unless in case of sickness^ 1 hmk o. mat.
Mr HENDRICKS. By expiess law Con-
gress said these States were not enuued to
representation, and that they would not oe
entitled to representation until they became
reconstructed, and the last act of reconstruc-
tion was the submission to Congress o t.ie
constitution that they might adopt, and the
approval of that constitution by Congress, and
a declaratory resolution of course had to ex-
press the approval of Congress I hen Oon-
o-ress said they would be entitled to represent-
ation. Until that time they were not entitled
to representation. Individually I do not agtee
to that; that is not my judgment; but that is
the law as declared by Congress; at least as
much of law as Congress can make out ot a
thing of that sort. I hat stands as the law oi
the question. How Senatois then can be paid
for a time that they did not hold the office at
all, and for a time when the States were not
entitled to representation, is more than I can
understand. In the case of Tennessee, when
that question was up, the Senator from Oregon
[Mr. Williams] said that that could not be con-
sidered a precedent hereafter. During the
debate that was said, for the reason that Ten-
nessee was recognized as entitled to the right
of representation from the time that she ratified
the constitutional amendment.
Mr. YATES. I wish to ask the Senator
from Indiana if it would not be more generous
and consistent in him, who believes these States
to be in the Union and entitled to representa-
tion, and that there was a vacancy, to stand
up to the doctrine for which he contends and
say these Senators should be entitled to their
pay, than to plant himself upou the platform
of the other side of the House, and draw his
conclusions from that?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I could not do that,
for the Senator will see at once there were
other Senators accredited to this body under
the State governments that I believe in, and
they were entitled, as I claim, to the seats
here, and that claim prima facie shown by
credentials rested upon the table ot the Senate
until the Senate decided that these Senators
might take their seats.
Mr. YATES. But as matter of fact they
have not been recognized as Senators and have
never taken their scats. If anybody is entitled
to the pay it is tlie gentlemen who arc acknowl-
edged to be Senators.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But the Senator is
insisting that 1 shall argue it from my stand-
point. If 1 could argue it from my stand-point
of course I should be compelled to say they
cannot be paid. Until Congress in some way
declared these prior elections not valid, prima
facie these other men were entitled to their
seats, because their credentials lay upon our
table. But taking the law as it reads they are
elected under that. Now, why in the world
pay them when you say they were not entitled
to representation? It is monstrous. You
might as well say that a Senator coming for
the first time from a State might draw his pay
from the organization ot the territorial govern-
ment, at least from the time they took steps to
form a State government when they called
then- convention; you might say that from
| t.iut time they should be paid. I a in willing
, to vote for the proposition of the Senator from
i Kentucky, although I think the right doctrine
i is that men should be paid from the time they
; hold the ofhcc, 1 donctseeliowitis that a man
can be paid when he does not hold the oiik-e.
Mr. CONKLING-. i want to as>k the Sen-
atora question on that point. The members
ot the House from Arkansas were elected m
Marchj for example; in Alabama they were
