1384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February v24,
tutional, and I can credit the statement, for if
he were far less a lawyer than I well know him
to be I would expect him to be of that opin-
ion. If it were carried around to every lawyer
in the country, absolute unanimity of opinion
on this point might be expected. Indeed,
from the course of events in Congress, I con-
clude no lawyer in either House doubts its un-
constitutionality, else the nervous dread of the
Supreme Court would not be so apparent.
But constitutional or unconstitutional is of
no consequence if Mr. Stanton be not within
it, and that he is not, is what I have undertaken
to show. The report of the committee and
gentlemen in debate put the impeachable of-
fense of the President upon the sixth section
of the act. I quote it:
" That every removal, appointment, or employ-
ment made, had, or exercised contrary to the pro-
visions of this act, and the making, signing, sealing,
• countersigning, or issuing of any commission or letter
ol authority lor or in respect to any such aPDoint-
meutor employment, shall bede'emed, and are here-
by declared to be, high misdemeanors, and upon
trial and conviction thereof every person guilty
thereof shall be punished by a fine not exceeding
$10,000, or by imprisonment not exceeding five years,
or both said punishments, in the discretion of tue
court."
Now, sir, observe it is the removal of Mr.
Stanton that is complained of, but the removal
which the sixth section condemns is every
removal "contrary to the provisions of this
act." If Mr. Stanton is not within the act
then the removal of him is not contrary to it.
Is he within it? The lirst section reads:
"That every person holding any civil office to
wliich he has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and every person who
shad hereafter be appointed to any othcc, and shall
become duly qualified to act til 'rein, is, and shall be,
en itled to hold such office until a successor shall
h<i.ve been in like manner appointed and duly qual-
ified, exeeptasheremotherwiseprovided: Provided,
that the Secietaries of State, of the Treasury, of
*AVar, ol the Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmas-
ter General, arid the Attorney General shall hold their
offices respective y for and during the term of the
Piesideut by whom they have been appointed, and
lor onemonth thereafter, subject to removal by and
with the advice and consent of the foenate."
The first clause of this section continues
every civil officer appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate in office until
his successor shall have been in like manner
appointed and qualified, except the Cabinet
ministers. They are expressly excepted, be-
cause they are named in the proviso which
directly follows the first clause. As to them a
different rule is provided, and what is it? They
shall hold their respective offices during the
term of the President by whom they were ap-
pointed and for a mouth thereafter, subject
all the while, however, to removal by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. Such is
the tenure of Cabinet officers. A month after
the expiration of the term of the President by
whom they were appointed their tenure expires,
and they become tenams at sufferance. Until
that time they are removable by advice of the
Senate ; after that time tliey have r o title, and
their possession can be ousted at the pleasure
of the President.
Such is the plain letter of the enactment,
and the only question that remains is whether
Mr. Lincoln's term has ended and a month has
elapsed. Thisisnotadiffieult question. Nearly
three years ago he was cruelly assassinated, and
Mr. Johnson, as Vice President, succeeded,
or, in the language of the Constitution, "the
powers and duties of the said office'' devolved
on him. What was the power and duty of the
office in respect to tenure? Again the Consti-
tution shall answer : " he shall hold his office
during the term of four years." It was Mr.
Lincoln's power and duty to hold his office for
the term of four years, and at his death this
power and duty, as far as they were unper-
formed, devolved upon the Vice President by
the very words of the Constitution. The term
became Mr. Johnson's term for its unfinished
period, as much so as the right to possession
of the White House, the right to the salary, or
to any cf the perquisites and functions of the
office. It would be as unreasonable to call Mr.
Johnson's possession of these Mr. Lincoln's
possession, or Mr. Johnson's administration
Mr. Lincoln's administration, as to call Mr.
Johnson's term of office Mr. Lincoln's term.
Neither in popular language nor in constitu-
tional phrase can such a misnomer be found.
It would be as absurd as to confound their
names, or the identity of their persons.
Thus, then, it stands: the sixth section pun-
ishes removals contrary to the act; but Cab-
inet ministers can only be removed contrary
to the act by the President who appointed
them. Mr. Stanton was appointed by Presi-
dent Lincoln, and his title to office expired a
month after Lincoln's death; from that time
he retained his portfolio at the pleasure and will
of him upon whom all the powers and duties of
the office had devolved; he was a mere locum,
ienens; and when Mr. Johnson removed him he
acted within strictest bounds of the Constitu-
tion, and offended not against the statute ; he
went not "contrary" to it, and so incurred not
the penalties of the sixth section.
To this it may be answered that President
Johnson removed him in the first instance,
confessedly, under the provisions of thestatute.
Sir, the fact that the President conformed
himself to the statute proves nothing more
than a desire to silence cavils by complying
with a law whose validity he at all times denied.
It does not make that a law which was no law;
but it is a curious reason to urge in favor of
impeaclimenttbat the President tried to execute
the very law, void though it was, which you set
up to condemn him.
An idea has got possession of gentlemen's
minds, inspired, no doubt, by the tenure-of-
office law, that the peculiar enormity of the
President's act consisted in removing Stanton
while the Senate was in session. The Consti-
tution does not forbid him to do so, but leaves
him free at all times to rid himself of an unac-
ceptable Cabinet minister. It is better done
when the Senate is in session than when it is
in recess, because the new nomination can be
immediately considered without prejudice to
the public interests from delay of a confirma-
tion ; and such has been the practice of the
Government from its foundation. Indeed, the
Senate is always in session when a new Admin-
istration comes in and substitutes new Cabinet
officers for the old ones. The Senate passed
resolutions of violent censure against General
Jackson for removing Duanefrom the Treasury
in 1833, but they did not question his right to
remove officers during the session. (See Ben-
ton's Thirty Years' View, vol. 1, pages 369 and
408.) And other officers than Cabinet minis-
ters have been removed during the sitting of
the Senate, as, for instance, Isaac V. Powler,
postmaster of New York, who was removed
10th May, 18G0, during the session of Con-
gress, and an agent of the Post Office Depart-
ment placed in charge. Neither in Duanc's
or Fowler's ease was the Senate consulted, nor
arc they ever consulted about removing officers
by a new incoming Administ.rat.ion.
The conceit, then, that Stanton could not be
removed at this time, because the Senate is in
session, has no foundation in the Constitution
or any law or usage of the Government, except
the tenure-of-office act, and that is so plainly
void and so certainly does not apply to Stanton
that it can furnish no rule for "the occasion.
The idea is baseless.
Having now shown, on authority that you are
bound to respect, that the tenure-of-office law is
an unconstitutional aggression upon the execu-
tive power, and that Mr. Stanton's case is not
within its purview, I clinch my conclusions by
quoting the speech of Senator Sherman, of
Ohio, when this bill was on passage in the Senate,
who urged, and it is fair to presume obtained, the
passage of the bill on the ground that it would
not touch Mr. Johnson's control over any of
his Secretaries whom he had not appointed:
"That the Senate had no sueh purpose is shown by
its vote twico to make this exception. That this pro-
vision does not apply to the present case is shown by
the fact that its language is so framed as not t o apply
to the present President. The Senator shows that
himself, and argues truly that it would not prevent
the present President lrom removing the Secretary of
War, the Secretary of the Navy, and the'Secretary
of State. And if I supposed that either <Sf these gen-
tlemen was so wanting in manhood, in honor, as to
hold his place after the politest intimation by the
President of the United States that his services were
no longer needed, I certainly, as a Senator, Would
consent to his removal at any time, and so would we
all."
Mr. Speaker, Ohio is a great State, and fer-
tile in great legislators. Here we have an Ohio
Senator pleading for the legal-tenure bill on
the ground that Stanton is not within it, and
two Ohio Representatives on this floor [Mr.
Spalding and Mr. -Bingham] pleading for the
impeachment of the President because Stanton
is within it. But what makes this display more
rich is that these gentlemen take great credit
to themselves for resisting impeachment hither-
to, but now they are constrained to surrender.
They could not go with the venerable chairman
of the Reconstruction Committee when he had
a colorable case to urge against the President—
Oh, no, they were too conservative for that—
but they can go with him now, when he has not
the shade of a shadow of a case. They can
eulogize a law as worthy of reverence ana obe-
dience above all laws that have been enacted
since Sinai thundered, which Stanton himself
pronounced unconstitutional, and which was
passed because it did not include the very case
which has converted these conservative Repre-
sentatives of Ohio. Wei!, sir, we see and hear
strange things now-a-days, and special wonders
overcome us in this House frequently.
But let me ask, will not the majority pause
long enough in their hot pursuit of the Presi-
dent to discover that they are being misled by
cross-lights and false lights? That they are
blundering in law and fact? I suppose not.
Probably not one single man among the intel-
ligent gentlemen who make up that majority
can be persuaded to the truth of this case.
They will not reverence the sages of 1789 who
laid the foundations of our Government, while
they fall down and worship this Dagon of
impeachment. They wilt not respect the text
of the Constitution, nor even the necessaiy
construction of this tenure-of office law in their
frenzied pursuit of the executive patronage.
If it be so it is very, very sad, for it betokens
the asceudency of party passions over reason
and law. I could wish this House were better
employed. What with the diotraetions and
alienations of our day, ourdebtand taxes which
are eating out not only the substantial wealth,
but the moral sense of the country ; the pros-
tration of labor and trade which are crying for
help from all quarters, we might find something
to do which would be more useful to the coun-
try than impeaching President Johnson. He
is the man of your own choosing, and I verily
believe he is trying to restore the Union, to
pacificate the country, to administer his high
office with a faithful regard to the obligations of
the Constitution and the best interests of the
people. I am no partisan of his. 1 never voted
for him, and never saw him till I came to this
Congress. I have had but little intercourse
with, him, and know nothing of his political
likes or dislikes. But hg'seems to me to be a
true friend of the whole of his country, a faith-
ful public officer, and entitled to Cabinet ad-
visers who are his friends and not his enemies.
We had far better sustain such a man iu his
constitutional rights, and address ourselves to
the relief of the suffering country, than to waste
our time and the people's money in impeaching
a faithful public servant on charges that are
both false and foolish.
Mr. Speaker, 1 shall not feel that my whole
duty to the House and the country is done
unless I allude to another objection to this
impeachment movement, which my friend from
New York [Mr. Buooks] glanced at, and for
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixgham]
and thetwogentlemen from Illinois [Mr. F auks-
worth and Mr. Logan] poured out upon his
head_ a flood of vituperative eloqifence. At
the nss of similar denunciations 1 take it upon
me to deny your right to impeach anybody, and
the present Senate's right to try any impeach-
ment. ^
Says the Constitution: i! The House of 1W
resentatives shall have the sole power of im.
