1868.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pedchment," and the "House of Representa-
tives shall be composed of members chosen
every second year by the people of the several
States.'1 This House (if Representatives is not
so composed; but, on the contrary, the Rep-
resentatives chosen from ten of the " several
States "have been and are excluded from th ese
Halls. 1 do not say if they were absent vol-
untarily they could prevent your exercise of
the impeaching power; for then they would
form, though personally absent, a part of the
composition of the House: but so iong as you
prevent their entering into its composition, you
are not the House of Representatives to whom
the Constitution commits the "sole power of
impeachment." Our functions in this regard
have been likened to those of a grand jury
which consists of twenty-three men. And sup-
pose, sir, a majority of a grand jury should get
possession of the jury-room and bar the door
against a minority of their fellows, as well
entitled to be there as the majority, would the
findings of such a jury be respected? By no
court in Christendom. On the contrary, their
acts would be set aside, and very likely them-
selves punished for their contempt of the law.
Then, as to the Senate, the Constitution says
"the Senate shall have the sole power to try
all impeachments," and that the "Senate of
the United States shall be composed of two
Senators from each State." The ten excluded
States are entitled to twenty Senators upon
that floor, and until they are admitted and in-
corporated into the body 1 deny that it is the
Senate to whom the Constitutioh commits the
power to try impeachments. What criminal
was ever before arraigned before a court from
which twenty of his legal triers had been ex-
cluded? Yet you propose to arraign the man
who represents in his person thirty-live millions
of freemen before just such a dismembered
bench. You have no right to do it. Your
might makes it not right. A giant's strength is
good, but it is tyrannous to use it as a giant.
The flippant reply to this grave suggestion
is that we pass laws, and therefore we are a
House and Senate to impeach. But the an-
swer is, your legislative powers have not been
questioned, your impeaching powers are. I
am not bound to take even a valid objection
to the jurisdiction of a court who sits to adju-
dicate_ my civil rights, nor is my objection to
its jurisdiction to try me for crimes and misde-
meanors impaired by my failure to make timely
objection in behalf of my civil rights. The
question of jurisdiction is raised now, and now
is the time to decide it. It was never raised as
to our legislative powers, and the time has
gone by for that. But this is the very time to
raise it as to our criminal jurisdiction. It could
not be decided before it was raised, and hence
I conclude all the legislation we have done does
not constitute us the court to originate and try
impeachments which the Constitution contem-
plates.
Mr. Speaker, so sure I am that the Ameri-
can people will respect this objection that I
will say, if I were the President's counselor,
which I am not, I would advise him, if you
prefer articles of impeachment, to demur both
to your jurisdiction and that of the Senate, and
to issue a proclamation giving you and all the
world notice that while he held himself im-
peachable for misdemeanors in office before
the constitutional tribunal, he never would
subject the office he holds in trust for the peo-
ple to the irregular, unconstitutional, frag-
mentary bodies who propose to strip him of it.
Such a proclamation, with the Army and Navy
in hand to sustain it, would meet a popular
respouse that would make an end of impeach-
ment and impeachers.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, and Mr. FERRISS '
addressed the House. [See Appendix.]
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, filled with
alarm and mortification at the proceedings
now being had in this House, I feel compelled
to do something more than cast my vote. Yet
while I feel so much anxiety I still know that
I can say nothing that will change the purpose
of this Congress to pass the resolution in ques-
tion. Aside from my conviction that this is a
high-handed and unwarranted political scheme,
against law, against justice, and against the best
interest of the country, I believe also that it is
one of a number of measures which will follow
fast for the overthrow of our institutions.
The first section of the act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices reads as follows:
"That every person holding any civil office to
which he has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and every person who
shall hereafter be appointed to any such office and
shall become duly qualified to act therein, is and
shall be entitled,to hold such office until a successor
shall have been m like manner appointed and duly
qualified, except as herein otherwise provided; Pro-
vided, Tha t the Secretaries of State, of tho Treasury,
of War, of the Navy, and the Interior, the Post-
master General, and tho Attorney General shall
hold their offices respectively for and during the term
of the President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed and for one month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate."
Now, it is well understood that Mr. Stanton
was appointed Secretary of War during Mr.
Lincoln's first term of office, and that he never
was appointed for Mr. Lincoln's second term,
but was allowed to remain in the office ad
interim, or until a Secretary of War should be
appointed according to the forms of law. His
term of office ceased long ago, and when he
refused to yield the office to General Thomas
he became a usurper. He has never been ap-
pointed and. confirmed to the office of Secre-
tary of War for the term that he now pretends
to hold. Therefore his displacement by the
President cannot be a violation of the tenure-
of-office act or any other law. His term of
office expired on'the 4th of March, 1805 ; had
the tenure-of-office law then been in force his
term would have expired on the 4th of April,
1865. But it is a fact that Mr. Stanton has
not been Secretary of War by appointment
and confirmation since March 4, 1865; there-
fore the President has not violated any law by
his displacement. It is unnecessary, however,
fur me to discuss this question in its legal aspect
and bearings.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] in opening the argument of this
question for our side of the House, remarked
that the people would not stand any high-handed
proceedings of this Congress, proceedings not
warranted by the Constitution and laws; and
warned the majority, as I understood him, to
let all their acts be within the circle and limits
of the Constitution. In these remarks I could
see nothing of threat or defiance, unless the
majority admit, for the purpose of giving the
remarks applicability, that it is their deliberate
intention to proceed outside of the Constitution.
Upon these well-timed and statesmanlike re-
marks of the gentleman from New York nearly
all the gentlemen on the other side have felt
called upon to read us lectures about civil wars,
the horrors of civil wars, &c. They tell us that
the old Democratic party said in these Halls
that if Abraham Lincoln was elected President
of the United States civil war would certainly
follow. I admit that the Democratic party,
seeing the danger, sounded the alarm ana gave
the country warning. But do not charge us
with advocating or countenancing your civil
war; the true Democracy of this country op-
posed that unfortunate eivil war. I believed
it to be patriotic to oppose a civil war in my
own country—I shall continue in the same
mind. No good man or patriot can ever jus-
tify eivil war in any land, except the liberties
of the people shall be the prize fought for.
With the words of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] as a foundation, or rather
claiming them to be provocative, gentlemen
upon the other side have proceeded in most
high-sounding style and terms to proclaim the
prowess of Republicans on the field of battle.
Gentlemen, of whatever party, who come into
the Halls of Congress in these exciting times—
times when our institutions are showing such
manifest signs of decay and dissolution—and
use such expressions, do so without weighing
well their words or the effect which might bepro-
duced by their speeches, and entitle themselves
to the severest terms of condemnation. My
worthy friend from Illinois [Mr. IUbksivorth]
asserts that one Republican eta whip two Dem-
ocrats. Now, being a peace Democrat, as
against civil wars in my own country, it is be-
coming in me to say yes, in the arts of carnage,
rapine, and murder, in the arts of burning and
destroying, one Republican is more mighty
than two Democrats.
But, to be serious, I have grave doubts as to
the individual patriotism of gentlemen who.
upon so slight a provocation as that offered by
my friend from New York, would rush to the
front and declaim so vehemently as to what the
Republican party can do in case of civil war.
By civil war the Republican party can now
destroy our institutions. They tried it once
before and only broke up the Union, but now,
if as successful as then, they can complete the
rum of the country.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kej>
ley] arraigned the President in a deep, tragic
tone, in a voice-from-thegrave style of speech,
for all the crimes known to the law. He seemed
to forget the fact that the President was only
charged with violating the tenure-of-office law;
no matter as to that, however. But I was pro-
voked to laughter when the gentleman charged
that the President had intended to commit a
coup d'etat, and for that he should be punished.
Now, I do not know that there is any crime in
the President's intending to commit a coup
d'etat or a coup d'main. If such intention in
the President is criminal, a high misdemeanor,
then I assert that the making of a blanc mange
speech on this floor is felony, and I say to hon-
orable gentlemen beware 1
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Loga>t,]
who is always_ fair, always earnest, and always
eloquent, denied, when asked by the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Phelps] if the impeach-
ment of the President would not fasten negro
suffrage upon the country, that there was any
such issue involved in this matter. But in less
than five minutes thereafter he thundered it
through these Halls and galleries that the
impeachment of the President would settle the
question^ of reconstruction according to the
congressional plan, and forever fix and settle
the question of the liberties of the people. The
same position has been taken by all others, I
believe, who have touched upon the question.
Now, one word here, not as a threat, not
defiantly, not boastingly, but in sorrow. I tell
you if you appear to impeach the President of
the United States simply for partisan purposes,
for the purpose of fixing upon our institutions
the curse of negro and Chinese citizenship and
equality, that you will fail; and the very civil
war you^ so boastingly speak of will come as
sure as it may be necessary for the people to
resort to such extreme measures for the pro-
tection of their rights and for the keeping of
our institutions in the hands of men of Cau-
casian blood. The people cannot be deceived
as to the real motive of the Republican party
in seeking to impeach the President. In fact,
I do not know that any one is trying to deceive
the people. Members seem to speak plainly
upon this question. You have been trying to
find some excuse for nearly a year to impeach
the President, and never offered any reason to
the country for your desire so to impeach him
but those weighty reasons contained in the as-
sertions that he was opposing your reconstruc-
tion schemes, and that he had asserted the
country could only be .saved through the in-
strumentality of the Democratic party. His
removal of Mr. Stanton from the War Office
was not the beginning of your desire for his
impeachment nor this the beginning of your
efforts to impeach him. The best interests of
our country, if not the stability of our institu-
tions, are involved in the matter now before
the House. I will not ask to discuss the legal-
ity of the proceedings now about to be had;
but I will say that the act creating" the office
of Secretary of War leaves that officer entirely
under the command of the President. I allude
to the act of August 7, 1789. Now, in addition
to this, I say that the first section of the tenure-
of-officc bill makes an exception in Mr. Stan-
