352
SUPPLEMENT TO
then find that Rhode Island and Delaware
and the distant States unpeopled are to con-
trol the whole possession and administration
of executive power. I would like to know
how long we are to keep up the form of elect-
ing a President with the will of the people
behind him and then find him stripped of the
power thus committed to him in the partition
between the States without regard to numbers
or to popular opinion. There is the grave dis-
location of the balances of the Constitution;
there is the absolute destruction of the power
of the people over the presidential authority,
keeping up the form of an election, but "de-
priving it of all its results. And I would like
to know, if by law or by will this body thus
assumes to itself this derangement of the bal-
ances of the Constitution as between the States
and popular numbers, how long New England
can maintain in its share of executive power,
as administered here, as large a proportion as
belongs to New York, to Pennsylvania, to
Ohio, to Indiana, to Illinois, and to Missouri
together.
1 must think, Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, that there has not been sufficiently con-
sidered how far these principles thus debated
reach, and how the framers of th'e Constitu-
tion, when they came to debate in the year 1789
in Congress what was or should be the actual
and practical allocation of this authority, un-
derstood the question perfectly in its bearing
ami in its future necessities.
True, indeed, Mr. Sherman was always a
stern and persistent advocate for the strength
of the Senate as against the power of the Ex-
ecutive. It was there, on that point, that the
Senate represented the equality of States ; and
he and Mr. Ellsworth, holding their places in
the Convention as the representatives of Con-
necticut, a State then a small Slate, between
the powerful State of Massachusetts on the
one side and Mew York on the other; and
Judge l'aterson, of New Jersey, the represent-
ative of that State, a small State, between the
groat State of New York on the one side and
the great State of Pennsylvania on the other,
were the advocates, undoubtedly, of this dis-
tnbutiou of power to the Senate; and, as is
well known in the history of the times, a cor-
respondence of some importance took place
between the elder Mr. Adams and Mr. Sher-
man, in the eaiiy days of the working of the
Government, as to whether the fears of Mr.
Adams that the Executive would prove too
weak or the purposes of Mr. Sherman that the
Senate should be strong enough were or were
not most in accord with the principles of the
Government. Hut all that was based upon the
idea that the concurrence of the Senate, under
the terms of the Constitution, in appointment,
was the only distraction from the supremacy
and independence of executive authority.
Now, this question comes up in this form,
the power of removal is, and always has been,
claimed and exercised by the Executive in
this Government separately and independently
of the Senate. Until the act of March 2,
I8U7, the actual power of removal by the
Senate never has been claimed. Some con-
structions upon the atlinnative exercise of the
power of appointment by the Executive have
at different times been suggested, and received
tnore or less support, tending to the conclu-
sion that thus the Senate might have some
hold of the question of removals; and now
this act, which we are to consider more defi-
nitely hereafter, does not assume in terms to
give the Senate a participation in the distinct
and separate act of an executive nature, the
removal from oiliee. Indeed, the manner that
the Congress has dealt with the subject is quite
peculiar. Unable, apparently, to find ade-
quate support for the pretension that the Sen-
ate could claim a share in the distinct act of
removal or vacating of offi'ce, the scheme of
the law is to change the tenure of office, so that
removability as a separate and independent
governmental act, by whomever to be exerted,
is obliterated from the powers of this Govern-
ment. Look at that, now, that you do abso-
lutely strike out of the capacity and resources
of this Government the power of removing an
officer as a separate executive act; I mean an
executive act in which you participate. You
have determined by law that there shall be no
vacation of an office possible, except when and
as and by the operation of completely filling it.
And so far have you carried that principle that
you do not even make it possible to vacate it
by the concurrence of the Senate and the Pres-
ident ; but you have deliberately and firmly
determined that the office shall remain full as
an estate and possession of the incumbent,
from which he can be removed under no stress
of the public necessity except by the fact oc-
curring of a complete appointment for perma-
nent tenure of a successor concurred in by
the Senate and made operative by the new
appointee going into and qualifying himself
in the office.
This seems at the first sight a very extraordi-
nary provision for all the exigencies of a Gov-
ernment like ours, with its forty, thousand offi-
cers, whose list is paraded here before you, with
their twenty-one millions of emoluments, to
show the magnitude of the great prize con-
tended for between the Presidency and the
Senate. It is a very singular provision, doubt-
less, that in a Government which includes
under it forty thousand officers there should
be no governmental possibility of stopping a
man in or removing him from an office cxccpt
by the deliberate succession of a permanent
successor approved by the Senate and con-
curred in by the appointee himself going to
the place and qualifying and assuming its
duties.
I speak the language of the act, and while
the Senate is in session there is not any power
of temporary suspension or arrest of fraud or
violence, of danger or menace, in the conduct
of the subsisting officer. When you are in
recess there is a power of suspension given to
the Executive, and we are better off in that
respect when you are in office than when you
are in session, for we can, by a peremptory
and definite and appropriate action, arrest mis-
conduct by suspension. But as I said before,
I repeat, under this act the incumbents of all
these offices have a permanent estate until a
successor, with your conscnt and lus own, is
inducted into the office.
I do not propose to discuss (as quite unne-
cessary to any decision of any matter to be
passed on in your judgment) at any very gieat
length the question of the constitutionality of
this law. A very deliberate expression of
opinion, after a very valuable and thorough
debate, conducted in this body, in which the
reasons on each side were ably maintained by
your most distinguished members, and a very
thorough eonsideiation in the Ilonse of Rep-
resentatives, where able and eminent huvyeis,
some of whom appear among the Managers
to-day, gave the country the benefit of their
knowledge and their acutcness, have placed
I this matter upon a legislative judgment of con-
t stitutionality. But I think all will agree that
I a legislativejudgment of constitutionality does
j not conclude a court, and that when legislative
| judgments have differed, and when the prac-
! tice of the Government for eighty years has
I been on one side and the newideas introduced
! are confessedly of reversal and revolution in
those ideas, it is not saving too much to say
; that after the expression of the legislative will,
and alter the expression of the opinion of the
Legislature implied in their action, there yet
| would remain for debate among jurists and
lawyers, among statesmen, among thoughtful
citizens, and certainly properly within the
province of the Supreme Court of the United
I States, the question whether the one or the
other construction of the Constitution, so vital
, in its influence upon the Government, was the
• correct and the safe course for the conduct of
the Government.
Let meask your attention for amoment upon
two points, to the question as presenting itself
to the minds of the Senators, as to whether
this was or was not a reversal and revolution
in the practice and theories of the Government,
and also as to the weight or'alegislative opinion.
In the Senate, the Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Williams] said:
" This bill undertakes to reverse what has hereto-
fore been the admitted practice of the Government;
and it seemed to me that it was due'to the exalted
office of the President of the Tjniced States, the Chief
Magistrate of the nation, that he should exeioise
this power; that he should be left to choose bis own
Cabinet, and that he should be held responsible, as
he will be, to the country for whatever acts that
Cabinetmay perform."—Congressional Globe, Thirty-
Ninth Congress, second session, p. 384.
This Senator touches the very marrow of
the matter, that when you are passing this bill,
which in the whole official service of this coun-
try reverses the practice, you should at least
leave the exception of the Cabinet officers in.
That was the point; leaving them entirely in,
and that, with that exception in, it was a re-
versal of the practice of the Government to all
the rest, and the Cabinet should be left as
they were, because, as he said wisely, the coun-
try will hold the Executive responsible for
what his Cabinet does ; and they will so hold
him until they find out that you have robbed
the Executive of all responsibility by robbing
it of what is the pith of responsibility, discre-
tion.
The same honorable Senator proceeds, in
another point of the debate :
" I know there is room for disagreement of opinion;
but it seemed to me that if we revolutionize the prac-
tice of the Government in all other respects, wo
might let this power remain in the hands of the Pres-
ident of the United States"—
That is, the Cabinet officers' appointment—■
" that we ought not to strip him of this power, which
is one that it seems to me it is necessary and reason-
able that he should exercise."—-Ibid., p. 384.
The honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Howard] says:
"I agree with him"—
Referring to the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks]—
"that the .practical precedents_ of the Government
thus far lead to this interpretation of the Constitu-
tion, that it is competent tor the President during
the recess of the Senate to turnout of office a piesent
incumbent and to fill his place by commissioning
another. This has been, I admit, the practice for
long years and many generations; but it is to be ob-
served at the same time that this claim of power on
the part of the Executive has been uniformly con-
tested by some of the best minds of the country."—
Ibid., p. 407.
And now, as to the weight of mere legisla-
tive construction, even in the mind of a legis-
lator himself, as compared with other sources
of authoritative determination, let me ask your
attention to some other very pertinent observa-
tions of the honorable Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Williams;]
" Those who advocate the executive power of re-
moval rely altogether upon the legislative construc-
tion of the Constitution, sustained by the practico
and opinions of individual men. X ifeed not argue
that the legislative eon^lruction of the Constitution
has no binding force. It is to be treated with pioper
respect; but few constructions have been put upon
the Constitution by Congress .it. one time that have
not been modified or ovci ruled at otherorsubseqnent
times; so that, so far as the legislative construction
of the Constitution upon this question concerned,
it is entitled to veiy little consideration."—Ibid.,
p. 439.
The point in the debate was that the legisla-
tive construction of 178!) has worked into the
bones of the Government by the indurating
process of practice and exercise was a con-
struction of powerful influence on the matter;
and yet the honorable Senator from Oregon
justly pushes the proposition that legislative
construction perse—that I may not speak dis-
respectfully, I speak his words—"that legis-
lative construction is entitled to very little con-
sideration; that it has "no binding force."
Shall we be told that a legislative construction
of March 2, 1807,'and a practice under it for
one year that has brought the Congress face
to face with the Executive and introduced the
s word ofimpeachment between the two branches
upon a removal from office, raising the ptecise
question that an attempt by the President to
remove a Secretary and appoint an ad interim
discharge of its duties is to result in a removal
by the Se'nate of the Executive itself and the
appointment of one of its own members to the
