3434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24.
a new name. We used to call this extra com-
pensation to the clerks. Now it is called
§175,000 for the employment of temporary
clerks. One hundred and seventy-five thou-
sand dollars is a very considerable sum; and
that is to be placed at the discretion of the
Secretary of the Treasury to employ such clerks
as he pleases, and for such purposes as lie
pleases; and the reason given for it by the
Senator from Ohio is that this bill is framed
on the basis of the business which was done in
this Department before the war.
But if you will look through the bill you will
find that he has been increasing the clerks at
the rate of a score at a time all along through
the bill, upon the ground that the House of
Representatives had made a mistake in framing
the bill, and had framed it on the old peace
establishment when there was not near as much
business in the Treasury Department as there
is now. A very few moments ago the number
of clerks was increased very largely in some
of the bureaus of the Treasury Department;
and we find by looking at the bill all along
through it amendments increasing the number
of clerks. I have right before me now, on
page 17, an increase of six clerks of class four ;
that is the highest class of clerks, I believe,
they have in the Departments, an increase from
five to eleven by this bill. But that was not
sufficient. It was sufficient to carryall these
increases without objection in the Senate, to
state that this bill had been framed under a
misapprehension. Then after getting through
with ail those they come in with a small sum
of $175,000 for temporary clerks ; and the rea-
son for that is the same as in the other cases,
that this bill has been framed on the basis of
the business done in the Department before
the war. As I said when 1 rose, I have no
other object than simply to call attention to
it; I do not suppose it will be of any use to
attempt to defeat it.
Mr. MORHILL, of Maine. Perhaps I ought
to say a word in explanation for the benefit of
the Senator from Illinois, if of nobody else. I
once stated, but I suppose it escaped the atten-
tion of the Senator from Illinois, although my
remarks were called out by his inquiry, that
the Committee on Appropriations on the part
of the House seemed to have based this bill
upon the clerical force authorized anterior to
the war. There was an additional clerical force
which was authorized during the war that was
left out. The representations to the Committee
on Appropriations on the part of the Senate
from the several Departments were that the
service would suffer by leaving out this last
class of clerks, the clerks who were called war
clerks, and who had been provided for by the
statutes in theyears 186-3,1864, and 1805; that
in many of the bureaus there was still a neces-
sity for continuing these clerks. We had the
information from each of the bureaus in the
'Treasury, in the War, and in the Navy De-
partment, and addressed ourselves to the abso-
lute necessity in those several bureaus for a
longer continuance of this class of clerks. The
apparent increase of clerks towhich the Sen-
ator refers here is not, in fact, an increase of
clerks. It is simply a continuance of the clerks
provided for bylaw heretofore, as I have stated.
Therefore, allthe amendments which have been
presented to the Senate by the Committee on
Appropriations on the part of the Senate have
been to supply clerks absolutely provided for
by law heretofore, and the necessity for the
continuance of whom became obvious to the
committee upon as carcful an examination as
they were able to give to the subject.
Now, it is said that outside of the clerks
which were authorized anterior to the war, and
outside of what I have denominated the war
clerks, there is a large number of clerks called
temporary clerks. How many? The com-
mittee had no precise information on that sub-
ject. They were provided for by an appropri-
ation of $210,000 last year, and by former
appropriations for the supply of temporary
clerks in the several Departments, at the dis-
cretion of the heads of the Departments, up,
of course, to the amount of the appropriation.
That was a subject that the Committee on Ap-
propriations did notthink belonged to them,
and therefore we sent all those applications for
temporary clerks, and the appropriations ne-
cessary for temporary clerks, to the Committee
on Finance, "whose duty we Relieved it to be—
or at any rate we did not think the duty de-
volved on us—to inquire what the service abso-
lutely demanded in regard to the temporary
clerks. Contenting ourselves to follow the
provisions of the law and the service as indi-
cated by the statutes, we turned over to the
Committee on Finance the applications from
the Treasury Department, from the War De-
partment, &c., for the continuance of tempo-
rary clerks. Now, the Senator from Ohio,
having examined that subject, comes here and
moves for an appropriation of $150,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. One hundred and sev-
enty-five thousand dollars.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. One hundred
and fifty thousand dollars I believe his propo-
sition is.
Mr. SHERMAN. One hundred and fifty
thousand dollars is the amount.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In lieu of
$210,000 appropriated last year, telling you
that a certain portion of this temporary force
is still necessary. The Committee on Appro-
priations had the same information and exam-
ined it to some extent. I will state a single
case. Take the case of the Second Comp-
troller, whose duties are not less than they
were during the war, but are greater.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have we not given him
an additional number of clerks at this session
of Congress?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; we
have not. I will state exactly how that is, and
I will take that case to illustrate the whole ser-
vice and the action of the committee in regard
to it. Here is the Second Comptroller, whose
duties are greater than they were during any
part of the war, who is himself a laborious
and very meritorious officer, as everybody
knows who knows anything about his office.
The committee on the part of the House cut
him down to the condition of that office before
the war. That was absolutely without justifi-
cation, of course. The committee on the part
of the Senate have increased that force, giving
to him the additional clerks which were author-
ized by what I have denominated the statutes
increasing the war clerical force. But he had
forty-three clerks in his bureau whom he had
been employing, and who were not provided
for either by the permanent acts anterior to
the war or by the statutes denominated war
statutes; and having given him that, as by ref-
ence to page 18 of the bill it will be seen the
committee on the part of the Senate did, there
were still forty-three clerks in his bureau whom
he had employed last year, and whom we
became perfectly satisfied were necessary to
the execution of the work in his bureau ; and
yet there was no law which justified the Com-
mittee on Appropriations in providiug for those
forty-three clerks. That is precisely what I
understand the Senator from Ohio, as chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, whose
business it is to speak for that Department, to
be attempting to provide for by this amend-
ment ; and to that extent, of course, he has
the approval, so far as I understand, of the
Committee on Appropriations.
I have no means of knowing, beyond the
facts I have staled, to what extent the tem-
porary force of the several Departments in the
employment of clerks ought to go. But to the
extent of the forty-three clerks in the Second
Comptroller's office, I am thoroughly satisfied,
from examination into the affairs of that bureau
and the force they have already there, and the
force that is required now to keep up that
bureau, that that provision for forty-three tem-
porary clerks ought to be made.
While I am up, I wish to make one remark
in regard to the proviso in this amendment of
the Senator from Ohio. I see it is provided
that the Secretary of the Treasury shall be
authorized to classify the clerks. If that relates
td the temporary clerks contemplated to be
employed by this appropriation, I do not see
the necessity of it. If it contemplates a classi-
fication of the entire force of the Department,
then I should be strenuously opposed to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; it does not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose it
does not; but if it relates to the temporary
clerks I do not see why it should be necessary
to classify them. Of course, whenever they
are employed, they will be put to discharge the
duties for which they are capable and will be
paid the compensation attached to that grade.
Unless it is with a view of fixing the salaries,
I hardly see why it can be necessary.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, these mat-
ters involving the employment of clerks in the
Treasury Department and expenditures there
seem to be mysterious at least. The more we
hear them discussed the less we know about
them. The honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations does not appear to
give us much information. The most material
sources of expenditure there he tells us he
knows nothing about; and it is but a guess of
money to fit an anticipated service, or state of
service at best. Outside of and over the door
of that great granite building the word "mys-
tery" should be written. There is no exact
information touching the performances there,
nor do the facts appear to be ascertainable. I
had expected great things from the senior Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Fessexden,] who once
piesided there, and during whose presidency,
so to speak, of that institution, I supposed all
was right, and undoubtedly it was. But at the
beginning of this session, I think, he intro-
duced a bill here for the reorganization of the
Treasury Department. It was either at the
beginning of this or the last session, I forget
now which, it is so long ago.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This session.
Mr. CONNESS. And he promised, and the
press promised upon the presentation of that
bill, that what was unascertainable heretofore
would, in the future, be ascertainable ; what
was impossible to be known would be made
possible; and that the service would be so
organized that great public benefit would grow
from the reformation, and a great decrease in
public expenditure be the result. I have waited
patiently, and if it were not presuming I should
have from time to time called to ascertain
where that bill had gone, what had become of
it—the bill to reorganize the Treasury Depart-
ment, introduced by the honorable Senator
from Maine. I do not know where it is now.
I do not know that we shall ever hear of it
again; but we do hear of these $150,000 appro-
priations to meet additional clerical serwee,
demands for twenty, thirty, forty, and fifty
clerks here, and as many there, and hundreds
of thousands of dollars for contingent funds.
My friend, the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, with all the perspicacity known to be
possessed by liim, from time to time endeavors
to reflect light upon this mysterious question;
but I do not know that he has made any pro-
gress. _ I have heard him until, I will not say I
have tired, because I always listen to him with
pleasure, but as soon as he comes up on this
subject, he develops other Senators who fly to
the defense, and session after session of Con-
gress passes, and we have the same order of
things, the same matters under, as he has stated,
a little different name, are reintroduced here.
1 think, if I am not mistaken, that the bill to
reorganize the Treasury Department went to
the Committee on Finance. Perhaps the chair-
man of that committee can tell us something
about it; why it has not been reported here ;
why we have not to-day the advantage of all
the experience of the Senator from Maine upon
this subject; and why it has not taken theform
of law. I hope that we shall hear from that
bill and know something about it; so that the
generous chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, who comes f®rwnrd here and adds
to the appropriation for the Treasury Depart-
ment, I have no doubt, as he is informed in a
