1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2411
understand that white men stood in the ranks
from early morning till afternoon endeavoring
to get an opportunity to cast their votes, but
unable to do so, because of their inability to
reach the window where they were to vote.
Now, I want the gentleman to put into this
bill some amendment which shall give the peo-
ple of Washington—the white people—a fair
chance. I do not ask for any discrimination
against the negro; I want them to be fairly
dealt with and to have their rights ; but I ask
that in the legislation of this Congress a white
man may be regarded as fully equal to his
"colored brother." I mean the gentleman:s
brother, for lhave never become fully satisfied
that the negro is the brother of the white man.
Now, this bill is being pressed, I understand,
with reference to the election. The inspiring
motive of gentlemen in suspending the rules
and pressing this matter upon the House is
based upon the fact that they think they will
not be able to carry the elections unless they
can place in the hands of the local officers the
entire patronage of this District. It is proposed,
I understand, to make a radical change, taking
away all the patronage of the mayor and giv-
ing it into the hands of the local officers of the
District. I suppose gentlemen regard this as
the only way in which they will be able to elect
their candidate for mayor recently nominated,
and that they are pressing this bill for that
very object. I would like to hear the gentle-
man upon this question, and I yield him one
minute of my time that he may explain.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's four
minutes have just expired.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I trust the gentleman
will give me another minute, so that I may
give it back to him for the purpose of explana-
tion. I want to reward him for his liberality to
me which I do really highly appreciate.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to say one word
in reply to the suggestion of the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,] that this
bill is pressed now in view of the election that
will shortly take place in this city. I admit,
Mr. Speaker, that is so; for if this bill is not
passed the charter of the city of Washington
will expire on the 17th day of this month, and,
of course, after its expiration there can be no
election for officers under the city charter.
In relation to the other objection that the
gentleman makes as to the trouble voters of
this District have in approaching the polls to
cast their ballots, I have only to say in reply to
the gentleman's inquiry that the city councils
already have full power and control over that
subject, and they have already provided for
five precincts in each ward of the city, which
will make thirty-five voting places in the city
of Washington.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. When was that done?
Mr. WELKER. Within a very short time
back.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Wasitdonethismorning?
Mr. WELKER. I do not know. It was
within the last three or four days.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was informed to-day
about twelve o'clock that it had not yet been
done.
Mr. WELKER. I am informed that it has
been done.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is that really so ?
Mr. WELKER. It is.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am glad of it; but I
fear the gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. WELKER. I assure the gentleman
from Wisconsin that there is no disposition on
the part of the city councils to prevent any
person voting at the coming election.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not know of any-
thing else which needs explanation; and I
therefore demand the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Where does the gentle-
man get his information that these precincts
have been established? I really think he must
be mistaken. I spoke with a prominent gen-
tleman as I came into the Hall about twelve
o'clock, and he assured me that it had not been
done.
Mr. WELKER. I am sure that it has been
done. It was so published in the newspapers.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that the
councils positively refused to do it.
Mr. WELKER. If I could I would give
the gentleman from Wisconsin a guarantee that
the city councils will do nothing to prevent a
fair election.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then the gentleman
admits the justice of the provision I have sug-
gested, that there should be more voting places
than there were last year?
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask the Clerk to read
thesection disfranchising UnitedStatessoldiers
and naturalized citizens. I wish the attention
of that class of the people called to it.
The SPEAKER. What is the number of
the section ?
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not know.
Mr. WELKER. There is no such section
in the bill. I insist on the demand for the
previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
09, noes 21; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Welker and Mr. Robinsox.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 81, noes 19.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The amendments of the committee were
adopted ; and the bill, as amended, was ordered
to a third reading ; and it was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. WELKER demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MUNGEN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 27, not voting
70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anderson, Arnel], James M.
Ashley, _ Bailey, Baker. Baldwin, Beaman, Beatty,
Benjamin, Benton, Blaine. Blair, Boutwell, Broom-
n.ll, Buckland, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode,
Cullom, Dorlge, Driggs, Eckley, 111a, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Ferries, Garfield, Gravely, llalsey, Harding,
Hawkins, Higby, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester 1). Hub-
bard, llunter, Jenckes. Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,
George V. Lawrence. William Lawrence, Loan, Lynch,
Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, Miller, Moore. Myers,
Newcoinb. Nnnn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pcrham,
Peters, Pike, Plants, Poland, Price, Raum, Saw; er,
Scofield. Smith, Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens, Thad-
dcus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas,
John Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van
Aernam, Ehhu B. Wnshburne, Henry I>. Washburn,
Wrelker, James F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—-92.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Beck, Boyer,Brooks, Burr,
Gary, "Eldridge, Gefzv Golladny, Grover, Holman,
Hotchkiss, Johnson, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCor-
mick, Morgan, Mungcn, Niblaek, Pruyn, Randall,
Robinson, Sitgreavos, Stone, Van Auken, and Van
Trump—27.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Delos R.
Ashley, Axtell, Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Bingham,
Bromwell, Chanler, Cornell. Dawes. Dixon, Donnelly,
Eggleston. Kerry,Fields, Finney,Fox, Glossbrenner,
Grnswold,IIaight, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard
L>. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Ingei'boll, Jones,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Lincoln, Logan,
Loughridge, Maynard, McClurg, McC'ullough. Mer-
cur, Moorhead, Morrell, Moriiscey, Mullins, Nichol-
son, Phelps, Pile, Polsley, Pomeroy, Robertson,
Ross, Sehenck, Selye, Shanks, Sheilabarger, Stark-
weather. Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, "William B. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, William Wibaux, John T. Wil-
son, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—70.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KBCONSTRUCTION DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call up
the appropriation bill that I reported from the
Committee on Appropriations on Friday, and
which was made a special order for to-day. It
is House bill No. 1045, making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
execution of the reconstruction laws in the
third military district for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1868. 8
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire whether
this is to be considered in the House or in
the Committee of the Whole?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of consider-
ing the bill in the House at this time.
The SPEAKER. Under the five-minutes
rule?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to—ayes 71, noes 27.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to have the House pass this bill to-day.
The documents which were sent to the com-
mittee, being the report of General Meade,
showing all the items for which this appropria-
tion is asked ; also a letter from General Meade,
together with a letter from the Secretary of War
setting forth the necessity of passing this bill,
were sent to the Printing Office on Friday last,
and I expected they would be back here to-
day, but from some cause or other they have
not yet been printed. I hope, however, as the
most urgent necessity exists for the passage of
the bill, as General Meade is entirely without
money, and large amounts are now due to the
registrars and othe-r parties in Georgia who
have been employed by the Government, that
the House will pass the bill at once.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire of
the gentleman whether this bill includes all the
money that will be necessary for this purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is all
that will be necessary up to the close of the
present fiscal year. What may be necessary
after that time perhaps will depend on the
action of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] and myself in regard to admitting
Georgia into the Union.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. So far as my action is
concerned on this question, I consider Georgia
in the Union, ai>d therefore I consider every
dollar that is taken out of the northern people
to pay the expenses of reconstruction there as
downright robbery. That is my opinion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illiniois. The gen-
tleman has expressed his opinion, and I will
now ask the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. This deficiency appropria-
tion is for but one military district, the third?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This com-
prises the third military district, and I may say
that the expenses of the district have been
much less than those of any district except the
first, the district of Virginia. The expenses
of the third district have not been, I think,
quite half as much as the expenses of the
fourth and fifth, comprising Mississippi and
Louisiana.
Mr. BROOKS. Then, if I reason correctly,
this being but one district, involving a defi-
ciency of $87,000, and there being four other
districts, the deficiency in them would be
$348,000.
Mr. W'ASHBURNE, of Illinois. In reply
to the gentleman I will say that we have no
information of deficiencies from any other dis-
trict. There may be, but the committee have
no information on the subject.
Mr. BROOKS. But the gentleman says the
expenses in one of the other districts are less
than in the third.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. But the
total expenses have been less in the third dis-
trict than in an}' other except the first.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, I will ask the gen-
tleman if he is able to give us any information
of the possible cost of these reconstruction
acts. It is not submitted to us in any printed
documents for our information.
Mr. WASHBURNE,_ of Illinois. I am not
aware at the present time, although a state-
ment was made, 1 think, when the former de-
ficiency bill was up, which covers the inquiry
of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me reply to the honor-
able gentleman that when we have a deficiency
