1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3
that body that a quorum of the House has
appeared.
The motion was agreed to. j
KENTUCKY ELECTION. !
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, to whom were referred the memorial of
George D. Blakey, claiming to have been duly
elected on the 4th day of May last a Repre-
sentative from the third congressional district
in Kentucky, and the credentials of G. S. Hol-
ladav, claiming to have been elected a Repre-
sentative from the same district on the 7th day
of August last, submitted a written report, con-
cluding with the following resolutions :
Resolved, That George D. Blakey is not entitled to
i/scat in this llouse as a Representative from the
third congressional district in Kentucky.
.Resolved, That the oath of office be now adminis-
tered to G. S. Holladay, and that he be admitted to a
scat in this House from the third congressional dis-
trict in Kentucky.
The report was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAWES. I move that these two gen-
tlemen be permitted, under the rules of the
House, to address the House upon the sub-
ject-matter of these resolutions when they
shall come up. I propose to call them up on
Wednesday.
The motion was agreed to.
drawing for seats.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
privilege. I beg leave to call the attention of
the House to the fact that when seats were
drawn for at the commencement of the last ses-
sion six States were unrepresented here, and
their members of course were not here to par-
ticipate in the drawing. It operates quite
hardly upon those of us who were not here, as
we found on our arrival to take our seats.
Previous to the war, up to the Thirty-Sixth
Congress, the practice had been, I believe, uni-
form to make the drawing of seats extend for
but a single session. That is, to my mind,
manifestly fair to all concerned. The inequal-
ity in the advantage of seats in different parts
of this Hall is so great that it seems to me gen-
tlemen ought to nave more than one chance.
I have, therefore, prepared a resolution which
is the same as I find on the Journal of the House
offered at the meeting of the second session of
the Thirty-Fifth Congress, with the addition
that ft provides for the rescinding of the reso-
lution of the 4th of March last for the drawing
of seats at that time.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House, immedi-
ately alter the passage of this resolution, place in a
box the name of each member and delegate of the
House of Representatives, written on a separate slip
of paper; that he then proceed, in the presence of
the House, to draw from said box, one at a time, the
said slips of paper, and as each is drawn he shall
announce the name of the member or delegate upon
it, who shall choose his seat for the present session :
Provided, That before said drawing shall commence
the Speaker shall cause every seat to be vacated,
and shall sec that every seat continues vacant until
it is selected under this order; and that every seat,
after having been selected, shall be deemed vacant
if left unoccupied before the calling of the roll is
finished.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before calling the pre-
vious question, I will modify my resolution so
as to provide that the seats occupied by the
senior member from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] and the senior member from Maryland
[Mr. Thomas] be excepted from the opera-
tion of this resolution.
Mr. EGGLESTON. And the senior mem-
ber from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes, sir; I will also
include the senior member from Ohio [Mr.
Spalding] and the senior member from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Washburne.] I now call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SPALDING. Does not this require a
two-thirds vote?
The SPEAKER. A majority vote of the
House can rescind a resolution of the House
of last session.
Mr. LAFLIN. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is that on the 5th of March
last this House passed a resolution providing
for the drawing of seats for the Fortieth Con-
gress; and therefore it is not now in order to
i i introduce the resolution offered by the gentle-
|i man from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
j' The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
1 point of order upon the ground that the major- 1
ity of the House can rescind any resolution
which it previously passed whenever resolutions
are in order. This has always been held to be
a privileged resolution, and the majority can
now pass it and rescind the former resolution.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a question of
order, that the resolution now before the House
is not a resolution to rescind, and I would also
observe that two or three days hence, when the
Kentucky members and the other Tennessee
members come in here, we will have to recon-
sider again. It would be well to let this res-
olution lie over until all the members are
admitted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would main-
tain the point of order, but is informed by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
that the Clerk did not read the whole resolu-
tion, but omitted inadvertently a portion inter-
lined. The Clerk will read that portion of the
resolution which was omitted.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask that the entire
resolution be now read. It has been modified
since it was offered, and I would like to hear
it read as it now stands.
The resolution as modified was read, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That the resolution of March 6, 1867,
relating to the drawing of seats in the House, be
rescinded, and that the Clerk of the House, imme-
diately after the passage of this resolution, place in a
box the name of each member and delegate of the
House of Representatives written on a separate slip
of paper; that he then proceed, in the presence of
the House, to draw from said box, one at a time, the
said slips of paper, and as each is drawn he shall
announce the name of the member or delegate upon
it, who shall choose his seat for the present session:
Provided, That before said drawing shall commence,
the Speaker shall cause every seat to be vacated, and
shall see that every seat continues vacant until it is
selected under this order; and that every seat after
having been selected shall be deemed vacant if left
unoccupied before the call of the roll is finished:
Provided further. That Mr. Thaddeus Stevens, Mr.
Elihc B. Washbcrne, Mr. Thomas, and Mr. Spald-
ing be permitted to retain the seats at present occu-
pied by them.
Mr. LYNCH. Would it be in order to move
to amend the resolution so as to provide that
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
shall be allowed to retain his present seat?
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would not
be in [order pending the call for the previous
question.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 69, noes 68.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. MAYNARD called for the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay the resolution on the
table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 64, not voting
41; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Aroheij Bea-
man, Bingham, Boutwcll, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks,
Broomall, Buckland, Burr, Butler, Cake, Chanler,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook,
Cornell, Covode, Cullom. Dodge, Eckley, Eldridge,
Eliot, Ferries, Ferry,Fields, Getz, Gravely, Griswold,
Harding, Hooper, Hulburd, Hunter, Judd, Kelley,
Kclsey, Kerr, Ketcham, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin,
McCarthy, MeClurg, McCullough, Morrell, Mungen,
Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Pike, Pile, Plants,
Pomeroy, Robinson, Ross. Schenck, Shellabarger,
Sitgreaves, Spalding, Upson. Van Aernam, Van
Trump, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William
Williams, James F.Wilson, JohnT. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Windom—77.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Allison, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtcll, Bailey, Baker,
Benjamin, Benton, Blaine, Blair, Cary, Cobb, Co-
burn, Dawes, Driggs, Esrglcston, Ela, Farnsworth,
Garfield, Glossbrenner, Hamilton, Hawkins, Higby,
Hopkins. Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard. Chester I).
Hubbard, Ingersoll. Jenekes, Johnson, Julian, Lo-
gan, Loughridge, Mallory, Maynard, Miller, Moor-
head, Mullins, Newcomb, Niblack, Nunn, Orth,
Peters, l'helps, Poland, Polsley, Price, Sawvcr,
Shanks, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes,
Taylor,Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aukcn. Robert T.
Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Thomas Williams, and Woodward—64.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Banks, Barnes.
Barnum, Dixon, Donnelly, Finney, Fox, Haight, Hal-
sey, Hill, Ilolman, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey,
Kitchen, Koontz, Lincoln, Mercur, Moore, Morgan,
Morrissey, Nicholson, Pruyn. Randall, Raum, Rob-
ertson, Scofield, Selye, Smith, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stewart, Stone, Taber. Taffe, Thomas, Twichell, Burt
Van Horn. Van Wyck, Elihu B. Washburne, Wood,
and Woodbridge—41.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to reconsider
the vote just taken ; and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 63, not vot-
ing 41; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Archer, Bailey,
Bcainan, Benjamin, Bingham, Boutwell, Boyer,
Brooks, Broomall, Buckland, Burr, Cake, Chanler,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook.
Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dodge, Eckley, Eldridge,
Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Getz, Gravely, Griswold,
Harding, Hooper, Hulburd, Hunter, Judd, Kelley,
Kelsey.Kcrr, Ketcham, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin,
McCarthy, MeClurg, McCullough, Morrell, Mungen,
Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Pike, Pile, Plants,
Pomeroy, Robinson, Ross, Schenck, Shellabarger,
Sitgreaves, Spalding, Thomas, Upson, Van Aernam,
Van Trump, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wil-
liam Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson.
Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baker. Benton,
Blaino,Blair, Bromwell,Cary, Cobb, Cobuin, Dawes,
Dixon, Driggs, Eggleston, Ela, Farnsworth, Gar-
field, Glossbrenner, Hamilton, Hawkins, Higby,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Julian, Lin-
coln, Loughridge, Mallory, Maynard, Miller, Moor-
head, Mullins, Newcomb, Niblack, Nunn, Orth,
Peters. Poland, Poisley, Price, Sawyer, Shanks,
Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes. Taylor.
Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Auken, Robert T. Van
Horn, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker. Thomas Williams, and Woodward—03.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Banks, Barnes,
Barnum, Butler, Donnelly, Finney, Fox, llaierht,
Halsey, Hill, Holman, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Kitchen, Koontx, Logan, Mercur. Moore,
Morgan, Morrissey, Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn, Ran-
dall, Raum, Robertson, Scofield, Selye, Smith, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Taffe, Twichell,
Burt Van Horn. Van Wyek, Elihu B. Washburne,
Wood, and Woodbridge—41.
So the House laid on the table the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the resolution
of Mr. Maynard was laid on the table.
DELAYS IN PAYMENT Oi' BOUNTIES.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the special committee of last ses-
sion to investigate delays in the payment of soldiers'
bounties under the act of July, 1866, be continued,
with authority to send for persons and papers, and
with leave to report at any time.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, subsequently
said: I have modified my resolution by strik-
ing out "with" and inserting ''but without;"
so as to read "but without authority to send
for persons and papers," &c.; and with this
modification the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spalding] withdraws his objection to the reso-
lution.
There being no objection, the resolution was
received and adopted.
PORT WASHINGTON", WISCONSIN.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered,, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of improv- _
ing the harbor at Port Washington, in the State of
Wisconsin, and making an appropriation thereforby
Congress.
RIGHTS OF CITIZENS ABROAD.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of privilege, connected with the one I
had the honor to submit a few days ago. I
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the conduct of William
B. West, American consul at Dublin, in Ireland,
regarding American prisoners in that oit.v, and to
report thereon forthwith, to the end that if he has
been guilty of conduct whieh would be liable to im-
peachment this House may take measures to havo
articles of impeachment presented to the Senate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
