THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ad interim discharge of the duties of the Pres-
idency? That is the issue made by a recent
legislative construction.
But the honorable Senator from Oregon, with
great force and wisdom, as it seems to me,
proceeded in the debate to say that the courts
of law, and, above all, the Supreme Court of
the United States, were the place to look for
authoritative, for permanent determinations of
these constitutional questions; and it will be
found that in this he but followed the wisdom
shown in the debate in 1789 and in the final
result of it, in which Mr. Sherman concurred
as much as any member of that Congress, that
it was not for Congress to name or assign the
limits upon executive power by enactmentnor
to appropriate and confer executive power by
endowment through an act of Congress, but to
leave it, as Mr. White, of North Carolina, said,
and as Mr. Gerry, of Massachusetts, said, and
as Mr. Sherman, of Connecticut, said, for the
Constitution itself to operate upon the Foreign-
Secretary act, and let the action be made under
it by virtue of a claim of right under the Con-
stitution, and whoever was aggrieved let him
raise his question in the courts of law. And
upon that resolution and upon that situation of
the thing the final vote was taken, and the
matter was disposed of in that Congress; but
it was then and ever since has been regarded as
an authentic and authoritative determination
of that Congress that the power was in the Presi-
dent, and it has been so insisted upon, so acted
upon ever since, and nobody has been aggrieved,
and nobody has raised the question in the courts
of law. That is the force and the weight of
the resolution of that First Congress and of the
practice of the Government under it.
In the House of Representatives, also, it was
a conceded point in the debate upon this bill,
when one of the ablest lawyers in that body,
as I understand by repute, Mr. Williams, one
of the honorable Managers, in his argument for
the bill, said:
"It aims at the reformation of a giant vice in the
adininistiation of this Government, by bringing its
practice book from a rule of its infancy and inexpe-
rience.''— Ibul., p. 18.
lie thought it was a faulty practice, but that
it was a practice, and that from its infancy
to the day of the passage of the bill it was a
vice inherent in the system and exercising its
power over its action he did not doubt. He
admits, subsequently, in the same debate that
the Congress of 1789 decided, and their suc-
cessors for three quarters of a century acqui-
esced in this doctrine.
I will not weary the Senate with a thorough
analysis of the debate of 1789. It is, I believe,
decidedly the most important debate in the
history of Congress. It is, I think, the best
considered debate in the history of the Govern-
ment. I think it included among its debaters
as many of the able men and of the wise men,
the benefit of whose public service this nation
has ever enjoyed, as any debate or measure
that this Government has ever entertained or
canvassed. And it was a debate in which the
civil prudence and forecast of the debaters
manifested itself, whichever side they took of
the question, in wonderful wisdom, for the
premises of the Constitution were very narrow.
Most probably the question of removal from
office as a distinct subject had never occurred
to the minds of men in the Convention. The
tenure of office as not to be made permanent
except in the case of the justices of the Su-
preme Court, and the periodicity of the House
of Representatives, of the Senate, and of the
Executive were fixed. Then there was an at-
tribution of the whole inferior administrative
official power of the Government to the Ex-
ecutive as being an executive act, with the
single qualification, exceptional in itself, that
the advice and consent of the Senate should
be interposed as a negative upon presidential j
nomination carrying him back to a substitute 1
if they should not agree on the first nominee, j
The point raised was exactly this, and may
be very briefly stated: those who, with Mr.
Sherman, maintained that the concurrence in !
removals was as necessary as the concurrence
in appointments put themselves on a proposi-
tion that the same power that appointed should
have the removal. That was a little begging
of the question—speaking it with all respect—
as to who the appointing power was really
under the terms and in the intent of the Con-
stitution. But, conceding that the connection
of the Senate with the matter really made them
a part of the appointing power, the answer to
the argument, triumphant as it seems to me,
as it came from the distinguished speakers,
Mr. Madison, Mr. Boudinot, Fisher Ames, and
other supporters of the doctrine that finally
triumphed, was this: primarily the whole busi-
ness of official subordinate executive action is
a part of the executive function ; that being
attributed insolido to the President, we look to
exceptions to serve the turn and precise meas-
ure of their own definition, and discard that
falsest principle of reasoning in regard to laws
or in regard to conduct, that exception is to
breed exception or amplification of exception.
The general mass is to lose what is subtracted
from it by exception, and the general mass is
to remain with its whole weight not thus sep-
arately and definitely reduced. When, there-
fore, these statesmen said you find the freedom
of executive action and its solid authority re-
duced by an exception of advice and consent
in appointment you must understand that that
is the limit of the exception, and the executive
power in all other respects stands unimpaired.
What, then, is the test of the considera-
tion? Whether removal from office belongs
to the executive power, if the Constitution has
not attributed it elsewhere ; and then the ques-
tion was of statesmanship, whether this debate
was important, wjiether it was vital, whether
its determination one way or the other did
affect seriously the character of the Govern-
ment and its working; and I think all agreed
that it did, and all so agreeing, and all coming
to the resolution that I have stated, what weight,
what significance is there in the fact that the
party that was defeated in the argument sub-
mitted to the conclusion and to the practice of
the Government under it, and did not raise a
voice or take a vote in derogation of it during
the whole course of the Government?
But it does not stand upon this. After forty-
five years' working of this system, between the
years 1830 and 1835, the great party exacer-
bations between the Democracy, under the lead
of General Jackson, and the Whigs, under the
mastery of the eminent men that then filled
these Halls, the only survivor of whom, emi-
nent then himself and eminent ever since, now
does me the honor to listen to my remarks,
[referring to lion. Thomas Ewing, of Ohio,]
then under that antagonism there was renewed
the great debate ; and what was the measure
which the contesting party, under the influence
of party spirit, brought the matter to? Mr.
Webster said while he led the forces in a great
array, which, perhaps, for the single instance
combined the triumvirate of himself, Mr. Cal-
houn, and Mr. Clay, that the contrary opinion
and the contrary practice was settled. He
said: " I regard it as a settled point; settled
by construction, settled by precedent, settled
by the practice of the Government, settled by
legislation;" anil lie did not, seek to disturb if.
lie knew the force of those forty-five years,
the whole existence of the nation under its
Constitution upon a question of that kind; and
he sought only to interpose a moral restraint
upon the President in requiring him, when he
removed from office, to assign the reasons of
the removal.
General Jackson and the Democratic party
met the point promptly with firmness and with
thoroughness, and in his protest against a reso-
lution which the Senate had adopted in 1834,
I think, that his action in the removal of Mr.
Duane (though they brought it down finally, 1
believe, to the point of the removal of the
deposits) had been in derogation of the Consti-
tution and the laws, he met if with a defiance
in his protest which brought two great topics
of debate up; one the independence of the
Executive in its right to judge :®f;.<jQnstitu-
tional questions, and the other the great point
that the conferring by choice of the' peqple
upon the President of their represeijta.tio-n
through Federal numbers, was an important
part of the Constitution, and that Irti was tM'.a
man of his own will, but etidued and reen forced
by the will of the people. That debate was
carried on and that debate was determined "by the
Senate passing a vote which enacted its opinion
that his conduct had been in derogation of the
Constitution and the laws; and on this very
point a reference was made to thS common
master of them all, the people of the:ljnited
States; and upon a reelection of General Jack-
sou and upon a confirmation of opinion from
the people themselves, they in their primary
capacity acting through the authentic changes
of their Government, by election, brought into
the Senate, upon this challenge, a majority
that expunged the resolution censuring the
action of the Executive. You talk about power
to decide constitutional questions by Congress,
power to decide them by the Supreme Court,
power to decide them by the Executive. I
show you the superior power of all that has
been.drawn into the great debate, of public
opinion and the determination of the suffrage,
and I say that the history of free countries, the
history of popular liberty, the history of the
power of the people, not by passion or by vio-
lence, but by reason, by discretion and peaceful,
silent, patient exercise of their power, was
never shown more distinctly and more defi-
nitely than on this very matter, whether it is a
part of the executive power of this country or
of the legislative or senatorial power, that
removal from office should remain in the Ex-
ecutive or be distributed among the Senators.
It was not my party that was pleased or that
was triumphant, but of the fact of what the
people thought there was not any doubt, and
there never has been since until the new situa-
tion has produced new interests and resulted in
new conclusions.
Honorable Senators and Representatives
will remember how in the debate which led to
the passage of the civil-tenure act it was rep-
resented that the authority of the First Congress
of 1789 ought to be somewhat scrutinized be-
cause of the influence upon their debates and
conclusions that the great character of the
Chief Magistrate, President Washington, might
have produced upon their minds. Senators,
why can we not look at the present as we look
at the past? Why can we not see in ourselves
what we so easily discern as possible with
others? Why can we not appreciate it that
perhaps the judgments of Senators and of Rep-
resentatives now may have beeu warped or
misled somewhat by their opinions and feelings
toward the Executive as it is now filled? I
apprehend, therefore, that this matter of party
influence is one that is quite as wise to con-
sider, and this matter of personal power iu
authority of character and Conduct is quite as
suitable to be weighed when wo are acting as
when we are criticising the action of others.
Two passages I may be permitted to quote
from this great debate as carried on in the
Congress of 1789. One is from Mr. Madison
at page 480 of the first volume of the Annals of
Congress:
"It is evidently the intention of the Constitution
that the first magistrate should bo responsible lor
tiic cxecutivo department, bo far, tlierclore, as we
do not make the officers who are to aid liim in the
duties of that department responsible to him, he is
not responsible to his country. Again, is> there no
danger that an officer, when he is appointed by the
concurrence of the Senate, and has triends in that
body, may choose rattier to risk his establishment on
the favor of that branch than rest it upon the dis-
charge of ilia duties to the satisfaction of the execu-
tive branch, which is constitutionally authorized to
inspect and control liis conduct? And it it should
happen that the officers connect themselves with the
Senate, they may mutually support each other, and
for want, of cfiioaey reduce the power of the President
to a mere vapor; in which ease his responsibility
would be annihilated, and the expectation of it un-
just. The hi:/h executive otlicers, joined in cabal
with tho Senate, would lay tbe foundationot discord,
and end in an as&umjjtion of the executive power,
only to bo removed by a revolution in tho Govern-
ment. I beliovc no piineiple is more clearly laid
down in the Constitution than that of responsibility."
