1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1387
made plain, not to say perfect, by its sequence
in the present one. The President was work-
ing to aii end suspected by others, known
to himself. His then means were not known
to the law as crimes or misdemeanors, either
at common law or by statute, and we so pro-
nounced. He mistook our judgment for cow-
aidice, and worked 011 until he has presented
lo us, as a sequeuce, a high misdemeanor
known to the law and defined by statute. If
we permit this to pass unchallenged by that
high power vyith which the Constitution has
clothed us no man can measure the future
troubles of this .Republic. For one I am not
willing to wait for an ascertainment of the
unknown quantities of future presidential
crimes and misdemeanors.
We have one before us, its elements known
and its quantities ascertained, and I am in favor
of wiping it from the executive black-board by
at) impeachment of the criminal who placed
it there. its presence is a source of regret to
me, as it must be of mortification to the people
of this Republic; but 1 will face it as they will
meet it, by asserting the subordination of the
President to the law of the land. He is not a
maker of law, nor a judge thereof; and it is
enough for him to know that the Constitution
which he is sworn to "preserve, protect, and
defend'' says that "he shall take care-that
'.he laws be faithfully executed." What laws?
Those which are passed in pursuance of the
terms of that Constitution which he is sworn
to "preserve, protect., and defend." And
how are these laws to be passed? By the two
Houses of Congress, with the approval of the
President, or in such case as he do not approve,
"he shall return it, with his objections, to that
House in which it shall have originated, who
shall enter the objections at large oil their
Journal, and proceed to reconsider it;" and
"if after such reconsideration two thirds of
that House shall agree to pass the bill it shall
be sent, together with the objections, to the
oilier House, by which it shall likewise be re-
considered, and if approved by two thirds of
that House it shall become a law." What kind
ot a law? One which the President "shall
take care" that it "be faithfully executed."
The Constitution does not make him a judge
of the law, but an executor thereof, and he is
bound to execute that which the law-making
power decrees to he the law of the land. What-
ever may be his opinion of the law as a mere
individual member of the national family he
is bound to yield it to that higher duty which
the Constitution imposes 011 him as an officer
of the State. If his conscience forbid he may
resign the trust, but he has 110 right to retain
the power of a public officer and subordinate
that to the judgmeutof a mere individual mem-
ber of the community or nation which has
clothed him with executive power for the en-
forcement of its laws. As an individual he
may be justified in an assumption of the risks
attendant upon a disobedience of the law; as
a public officer 110 such plea can be properly
entered in his behalf, for he is not only sworn
to execute the law but he also possesses the
right of resignation. If liis conscience will not
permit him to execute a given law he may
resign his trust, and leave to his successor the
performance of a duty which his judgment, as
an individual, will not surrender to his obliga-
tions as a public officer. A willingness to sub-
mit to the penalty prescribed for the violation
of a law may, to some extent, excuse disobe-
dience on the part of a private citizen, and at
the same time avail nothing to the public offi-
cer. The latter may at any time, by resigna-
tion, become a private citizen, but the former
cannot become a public officer in this country
except by the suffrages of his fellow-citizens.
If lie accept the result of their suffrages he
merges his individuality into that official crea-
ture which binds itself by an oath as an exec-
utive officer to do that which, as a mere individ-
ual, he may not believe to be just, right, or
constitutional. Such an acceptance removes
him from the sphere of the right of private judg-
ment to the plane of the public officer, and
binds him' to observe the law, his judgment as
an individual to the contrary notwithstanding.
The Constitution invests "the President with
executive power in order that ho may "take
care that the laws be faithfully executed."
Every abuse of this power, whether it be by
an improper exercise of it or by neglect or
refusal to exercise it at all, is a breach of offi-
cial duty. But it is not .every breach of official
duty that can be charged as a crime or misde-
meanor against the delinquent officer. WhaU
ever doubt, may have arisen in other cases of
the criminal character of the official conduct
involved in them the one we are now con-
sidering presents no basis 011 which to rest a
doubt. Deliberately, not to say defiantly, the
President has violated a penal statute of the
United States, and has thereby committed a
high misdemeanor which the law says "shall
be punished by a fine not exceeding ten thou-
sand dollars, or by imprisonment not exceed-
ing five years, or both said punishments, in
the discretion of the court." (Act of March 2,
1847, section six.) All of the circumstances
attendent upon this case show that the Presi-
dent's action was deliberate and willful. There
is not a shade of excuse or palliation in the
case as it is presented to us. Perversely he
has rushed upon his own destruction. Obsti-
nately he has forced upon us an issue in which
we must join or prove ourselves unworthy
representatives of a free people. We have
not sought this issue, but have resorted to
every legitimate means to avoid it; we have
manifested 110 undue desire to exercise the
impeaching power which is vested in this House
exclusively by the express terms of the Con-
stitution.
Guided by a sincere desire to pass this cup
from our lips, determined not to drink it if
escape were not cut off by the presence of a
palpable duty, we at last find ourselves com-
pelled to take its very dregs. A decent respect
for the executive office, a patriotic effort to
avoid a collision between two departments of
the Government, ever manifested by this House,
seem to have been most strangely misunder-
stood by the President. Our refusal to abuse
a power or to resort to it even while a mere
doubt as to our right to exercise it could be
urged in oppotition thereto seems to have been
construed by him into a license to trample on
even the penal statutes of the nation. The result
is before us. The President challenges the
supremacy of the law and dishonors his con-
stitutional obligation to "take care that the
laws bo faith fully executed." Substantially he
affirms that his oath of office may be qualified by
the conclusions of his private judgment. He
defiantly casts before the representatives of the
people his gage and declares that he will decide
whatlaws are constitutional, and that such only
as stand the test of hisjudgment will he respect,
enforce, or obey. This is his case. He has
elected to base it on a penal statute. It is for
us to traverse this case apd put it to the coun-
try. Anything less than this would be a shame-
ful abuse of our high trust and a criminal
abandonment of' duty. To my charge shall
neither of these offenses be placed.
Mr. Speaker, it has been urged in this de-
bate that the President's sole object is to
secure a judgment of the courts as to the con-
stitutionality of the act regulating the ten-
ure of certain civil offices. Such an intent
will not justify the commission of a high crime
or misdemeanor. Suppose the courts should
hold the act to be constitutional, would the
fact that his intent was to have that question
decided bo a good plea to an indictment for a
violation of its provisions? Who is so insane
as to assert so preposterous a proposition?
Whoever acts in the way and for the purpose
suggested does it at his peril. The work be-
longs to the President in this case, not to the
law. This plea in his defense demonstrates
that his action was not the result of inadvert-
ence or of mistaken judgment, and that it
is the fruit of cool calculation and ..deliberate
purpose. Ho committed a high misdemeanor
in order to secure a judgment of the court.
Sir, we will gratify his desire by carrying his
case to the highest court known to the Con-
stitution of the Republic—the high court of
impeachment. _ To that august tribunal we
will present this case, and with it the law and
the criminal. He shall have his day in court,
and be taught, for his own good and that of his
successors in office, that the President of the
United States, clothed with all the great powers
of his high official station, is as completely
subordinate to the law of the Republic as is
the humblest of its citizens.
The public welfare, the repose of the nation,
the interests of our institutions, the safety of
the Republic itself, require that- all persons,
official or otherwise, shall be solemnly taught
that the law of this land is 110 respecter of per-
sons : and that the high and low, the rich and
poor, the public officer aud the private citizen,
are each alike amenable to its imperial de-
mands, subject to its high commands, and sub-
ordinate to its supreme authority. The majesty
of the law must be asserted, though it strike
from his exalted position the Chief Magistrate
of the nation. We may deplore the necessity,
but we must obey the voice of the law. I
speak not as a partisan, but as the custodian
of a trust, the sacred character of which awes
me into a strict observance of my duty. I will
vote for the pending resolution to the end that
the law may be vindicated by the removal of
an unworthy public servant from an official
position which he has dishonored by his per-
verse disregard of duty aud his unjustifiable
contempt for the supremacy of the law.
Mr. WOODBRIDGB. Mr. Speaker, it is
known to the House and the country that when
the Committee on the Judiciary, being charged
with the subject of impeaching the President
of the United States, finished their labor and
reported to the House, 1 was one of the minor-
ity who found that under the testimony pre-
sented before the committee there was not
sufficient to justify the intervention of the im-
peaching power. 1 have never changed that
opinion, and I now say that in my judgment
there was not then before the House sufficient
evidence, whether we confined ourselves to the
laws of the United States or resorted to the
common law to ascertain what a high misde-
meanor is, upon which a respectably logical
argument could be framed, showing that the
President had committed a high crime or mis-
demeanor. During the progress of that investi-
gation, whenever any opportunity arose, certain
zealous and sensitive gentlemen upon the lloor,
who seemed determined that the President
should be impeached under any ciicumstances,
intimated that the committee charged with the
matter were dilatory, if not derelict in the dis-
charge of their duty; that if you would have a
healthy child, jou must not place it in the hands
of its enemy to nurse; and many statements
were made tending to prejudice the public mind
against members of the committee.
Upon one occasion, sir, ill reply to some
thrust at the committee, or a portion of them,
I took occasion to say that they were actuated
by a sense of duty ; that while the investiga-
tion was proceeding they would neither form
or express an opinion ; that regardless of party
policy or public prejudice or personal popu-
larity they would do their whole duty, aud that
if the time ever came when under the testi-
mony and the law when President Johnson
should be impeached, every one of them would
stand upas firmly and as boldly as the foremost
of those particular champions, who at the time,
as it seemed to me, were determined to pre-
cipitate this grave aud solemn matter upon the
country without law or sufficient evidence to
justify them.
Sir, the day has come when I shall make my
statement good. I believe in my soul that. An-
drew Johnson, President of the United States,
should be impeached. In 110 other way can
we maintain the majesty of the law and the
future safety of our Republic. Within the last
| ten days he has committed three acts in direct
| and positive violation of law, and under such
circumstances and surroundings as to convince
