1388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
mfe that they were committed with an evil
intent. The first act was the formation of a
new military department; the second was the
removal of Mr. Stanton as Secretary of War;
the third was the appointment of General
Thomas Secretary of War ad interim.
In the rules and regulations for the govern-
ment of the Army, prepared and adopted while
Mr. Cameron was Secretary of War, and under
which the war of the rebellion was fought, it
was distinctly provided that to the Secretary
of War belonged the duty of making rules and
regulations for the Army, under which was
included the duty of establishing military de-
partments. And by the law of 1864 it was pro-
vided that the Secretary of War should cause
to be prepared a report or plan for the future
government of the Army, and that until such
report was presented and acted upon by Con-
gress the then existing regulations should
remain intact. That report is under prepara-
tion by a board of competent officers, and has
never been acted upon. Hence there is no
poweE in the President to create a new depart-
ment. Now, sir, why was it created? The
departments already existing were sufficient
for all purposes during the progress of the
most gigantic, unnatural, and terrible war which
the world has ever witnessed; and when peace
had come, and the Army been reduced from
over one million to forty-two thousand men,
it is difficult to conceive how the condition of
the Army or the country demanded a new
department. I am not prepared to say, sir,
that the act of the President, in and of itself,
furnishes ground for impeachment; but for a
moment, sir, let me examine the motive which
prompted him. During the recess of Congress
Mr. Stanton had been suspended and General
Grant been appointed Secretary of War ad in-
terim. The reasons for the suspension of Mr.
Stanton had been presented to the Senate and
by them deemed insufficient. This action of
the Senate restored Mr. Stanton. General
Grant, in conformity with law and with his
duty as a soldier and a citizen, permitted Mr.
Stanton to resume his portfolio ; and here we
first find the motive which actuated the Presi-
dent ; for in the correspondence between the
General of the Army and the President, it is
claimed by the President that General Grant
had promised that in case he should deem it
his duty to permit Mr. Stanton to assume the
position of Secretary of War, if the Senate
should judge the reasons for his suspension
insufficient, he would deliver the keys of the
War Office to the President in season for him to
appoint another man Secretary ad interim, who
would resist by force, if necessary, an attempt
by Mr. Stanton to enter upon the duties of tne
position. General Grant, in the line of that
straightforward honesty which crowns his char-
acter as a man, of that unyielding fortitude
which makes him the greatest living hero, of
that strong common sense and judgment and
intuitive perception of the right which gives him
great intellectual and moral power, obeyed the
law rather than follow what seemed to be the im-
proper wishes of the President. The President
found in the General of the Army sterner stuff
than he anticipated, and some plan must be
devised for the execution of his plans. With
the old Roman in the War Office and the law-
abiding Grant at the head of the Army the
President was "bottled up." By the law cre-
ating the grade of General of the Army his
headquarters are confined to Washington. To
send him away was impossible; to have ille-
gal orders executed through him was equally
impossible. Hence the necessity of creating
a new military department, with headquarters
at Washington. Now, some general must be
placed in command. There are plenty of them
of sufficient rank, but that will not answer the
purpose, for the General of the Army would
be chief, and orders must go through him.
To obviate this difficulty the'plan was devised
to give to the Lieutenant General the brevet
rank of General, for under Army regulations
an officer may be assigned to a command in
accordance with his brevet rank. Now the
drama is complete. But, thanks to the gallant
and heroic Sherman, he spurned the gilded
bait, and the play failed. Hamlet had dropped
out. Another general was approached, ihe
old pet and bosom friend of the President, the
hero of Nashville, General George H. Thomas,
who believes in Congress and the law, and two
brevets were offered him, and he, too, declines
the honor. Is it a wonder that our Army clothed
themselves all over with laurels under lead of
such noble men? Why should the President be
unwilling to execute his orders through General
Grant? Has he done wrong? Has he been in-
subordinate? What court was to judge whether
Edwin M. Stanton was Secretary of War? The
Senate of the United States, and from their
decision there was no appeal. He executed the
behests of the highest court for that purpose in
the land, and simply did his duty. Now, sir,
the only hypothesis upon which I can account
for the creation of this new military depart-
ment and the conferring of brevet rank of Gen-
eral is that the President must have a depart-
ment, with Washington for headquarters, and
some general of the highest grade known to
the law, always present, and pliant or devoted
enough to execute his orders, whether lawful
or unlawful; ready at the word of command
to prevent by force a man declared by the sol-
emn judgment of the Senate to be Secretary
of War from entering his Department, or who
by force will eject a Secretary of War when
lie will not abdicate at the illegal summons
of the President. If this is not a high misde-
meanor then I do not know what a misde-
meanor is.
We next come to the removal of Mr. Stan-
ton during the session of the Senate. I have
not time, sir, to discuss the legal question,
whether by the Constitution the President has
the power of removal during vacation. Great
diversity of opinion has always existed upon
that subject,, and a respectable argument may
be made either way. But, sir, to my knowl-
edge, it has never been contended that the Ex-
ecutive had the power of removal during the
session of the Senate. The only course which
he can pursue is to send a nomination to the
Senate, which, if confirmed, displaces the
person in office, and which, if rejected, leaves
the officer in possession. Sir, the whole diffi-
culty is solved and the whole question settled
by the act of Marcli 2, 1867, which repeals the
laws of 1789, 1792, and 1795, and declares that
certain officers, and among them the Secre-
tary of War, shall not be removed except by
and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate; and that every removal, appointment,
&c., shall constitute a high misdemeanor.
Gentlemen say the act is unconstitutional and
the President had a right to disregard it. But
the President is precluded, for he has already
acted under it, thereby recognizing its bind-
ing force, in suspending Mr. Stanton, and
sending his reasons therefor to the Senate.
He could not justify that action under any
other law. He also recognizes the validity of
the law and the action of the Senate in Mr.
Stanton's case, in the order for Mr. Stanton's
removal, when he declares that ho is removed
from the Department of War.
He has also committed a misdemeanor in the
appointment of General Thomas ad interim ;
but time will not permit me to pursue the
subject.
Sir, it is a solemn duty that we are called
upon to perform. No man regrets its necessity
more than I do. The President's best personal
friend would not have been more pleased than
I to have seen him remain in the Executive
chair until the end of his constitutional term
of office. My political sentiments would have
differed from his ; but, sir, diversity of politi-
cal faith never atfects my personal relations.
I should have respected and befriended him
as President, though he disagreed with me,
had he not assumed a prerogative dangerous to
the liberty of the people, ltis the beauty and
the power of our system that the highest and
the lowest are alike protected by and amenable
to the law. There is but one body which can
pronounce a law made by the Representatives
of the people unconstitutional. That body is
the Supreme Court of the United States. To
high and low, to rich and poor, to the President
and the beggar, the law must be sacred and
supreme, and the President no more than the
meanest beggar can be justified in saying that
a law is unconstitutional.
The delicately adjusted system of our Gov-
ernment can never endure so violent a shock.
The executive, the judicial, and the legislative
each have their independent powers and duties,
and in their execution each should be untram-
meled. The President of the United States,
assuming an unauthorized power, has knowingly
and willfully and wickedly disregarded and vio-
lated the law of the land ; and in view of it we
must do our duty. The effect of our act upon
the future of our country it is not for us to fore-
see. The present and its duties are ours ; the
future is in the hands of God. If we trust Him,
as our fathers did, all will be well. The threats
of the gentleman from New York do not in-
timidate me. Our constituents are_ looking
upon us, and expect that every man will do his
duty. The commercial centers for a few days
may be ruffled. For a time our securities may
be depressed abroad. But, sir, a people ever
jealous and ever watchful of their liberties will
thank God that theirRepresentatives have cour-
age enough to meet the emergency. The beat
of the nation's heart is loyal to duty. I have no
fear in doing what I believe to be right. As
the eagle, emblem of our country, keeps his eye
upon the sun and bears himself upward toward
the sky, so shall our country, if we practice
that eternal vigilance wliich is the price of lib-
erty, rise safely through this and every trial,
and perpetuate free institutions to our latest
posterity.
If tumult and riot and bloodshed shall
follow, they will not be caused by the execu-
tion of law. Popular harangues addressed to
the passions of the ignorant, of which the gen-
tleman from New York furnished a miniature
specimen, may excite to opposition and vio-
lence, ay, even to the shedding of blood, and,
if so, upon those who make them must rest
the responsibility. But let me assure the
gentleman that if such shall be the result,
which may God forbid, ten thousand swords
will leap from their scabbards, a million bay-
onets, at the first bugle-call, will glisten in
the sunshine. Brave heroes will fill up the
ranks; the honor of the old flag will be main-
tained ; peace and quiet will be restored, and
the nations of the earth will again learn that
ours is a Government of law.
Messrs. BAILEY, HULBURD, and MC-
CARTHY addressed the House. [See Ap-
pendix.!
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Mr.
Speaker, under the pressure of the moments
that are upon us and the important question
that is before us, which makes them of great
interest and solemnity, I shall detain the House
but a very brief period in stating the reasons
which will govern me in casting my vote upon
the resolution now under consideration. This
is no ordinary occasion upon which we have
fallen, and the resolution before the House is
of the gravest character. It seldom happens
that the Representatives of the people are
called upon to pass judgment upon a matter
of such great import and filled with such im-
portance. Never, under our Constitution, has
the chief executive officer of the Government
been impeached of " high crimes and misde-
meanors," and never has the question pre-
sented those proportions or given evidence of
that unanimity of feeling and action a3 are
now apparent in this House, which is so soon
to act upon it.
When the resolutions for impeachment were
before the House on a previous occasion I was
not present to vote upon them, for good rea-
sons, but had I been, I should have voted with
the majority, for reasons stated then by sev-
eral who addressed the House, and which are
so well known to the country. There was a
want of definiteness in the evidence, a lack of
