THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
bill for one district for $87,000, it leads to a
very strong supposition that the appropria-
tions which we made had very little basis of
calculation, and that the deficiencies are likely
to be equally large in the other districts and
equally alarming to the Treasury.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is pos-
sible that may be so, but the committee have
no information of any further deficiency. I do
not say but that there may be other deficiencies.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me suggest, then, that
it is unwise to act on large appropriations with-
out some definite information, some official
authority. I am surprised that a gentleman
generally so careful of the Treasury, and who
so well deserves the encomiums of our party,
if not of his own, for his careful guardianship
of the Treasury, should move in anything of
this sort without that official information which
we ought to have.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I accede
to the proposition of the gentleman from New
York that the House is entitled to information,
and, if the gentleman insists upon it, I shall
postpone this bill until these documents can
be printed. The documents are as I stated.
I hoped gentlemen would take my word for it
and pass the bill at the present time, because
there is an urgent necessity for immediate ac-
tion. General Meade has no money. He has
sent his paymasters up here. The wheels of
the Government down there are already stopped,
and it is very desirable that action should be had
at once. But if gentlemen desire it postponed
for two or three days, until the documents
come in, I shall certainly make no objection.
Mr. BROOKS. I am always loth to acton
appropriation bills, or any other bills whatso-
ever, without official documents, and I am
glad the gentleman assents to my proposition
that we should abstain from any action until
we have official information upon which to
act.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me to inquire how it is that a de-
ficiency exists in this district and not in others ?
Was not the appropriation which we made di-
vided among these districts so that this district
was apportioned its proper share of the money ?
And why is it that a deficiency so large exists
in this district, and yet the gentleman is not
informed whether there will be any deficiency
in other districts?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The ori-
ginal estimates which were made for this district
were not large enough to cover the absolute
expenditures. The estimates for the other dis-
tricts were larger than they were for this, and
the expenditures have been greater than was
expected.
If my friend from Wisconsin will pardon me,
I do not wish to take up the time of the House
at this time, because I hold the floor by the con-
sent of thegentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens.] If gentlemen insist on postpone-
ment I will ask that the bill be set down as the
special order to come up after the morning hour
on Wednesday, when we shall have all the doc-
uments before us.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not ask for delay ;
I simply desire information. I cannot under-
stand, from anything the gentleman from Illi-
nois has said, how there should be a deficiency
in this district, and yet the aggregate sum which
we appropriated may yet be unexpended. If
that sum remains unexpended, and the other
districts are not in need of it, why cannot this
district take whatever there may be of the un-
expended aggregate sum for its use? It seems
to me thatthe gentleman ought to know whether
the whole sum which we appropriated has been
expended or not. If any of that sum remains
unexpended, why not let General Meade draw
upon it, and pay the pressing necessities which
are now upon him?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
a very simple answer to all that. The estimate
made for this district was not nearly as large
as the estimates for the other districts.^ The
estimate has fallen short, and there is this
amount of deficiency, and we are under every
obligation to pay these sums for which this
deficiency occurs.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What was the sum appro-
priated?
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. I think the
sum appropriated for this district was $252,000.
For the Louisiana district it has been over six
hundred thousand dollars, and for the Missis-
sippi district just about the same sum.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was that the last appro-
priation made?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The whole
of the appropriations.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not mean to press on
the gentleman from Illinois a postponement
of this bill if he does not desire it of his own
accord, for it is not I but he that must take the
responsibility of indefinite and unknown action.
What I wanted to know is the printed items and
details of this expenditure before the House
votes upon them. And upon those items and
details of how this money has gone, for what
purpose it has been expended, 1 think—though
it is not for me to think at all upon this mat-
ter—1 think, however, that the House is en-
titled at least to some information on that sub-
ject. But I leave it to the honorable gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] to take
what course he may deem proper.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] desires
further information I think it right and proper
that he should have it before he is called upon
to vote for an appropriation. If thegentleman
says ho desires to have this bill postponed until
after the morning hour of Wednesday next I
will not object.
Mr. BROOKS. I will leave the honorable
gentleman to take his own course.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the
gentleman does not seem to be very anxious
about it I will call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read tho third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the passage of this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 27, not voting
74; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Amos, Arnell, .Tamos M, Ashley,
Bailey, Baker, lialdwm, Beamjui, Bcatty, iSenjamin,
Bonton, Bingham, Blame, Blair, JioutweU, Bromwell,
Butler, Cake, Cary, Churchill, Header W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Don-
nelly, Drifts, ISekloy, Ela, Ehot, l^arnsworth. I-'erriss,
Garfield, Gravely, llalse.y, llardins:, ili^by. Hopkins,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter, .lenekes, Judd, Julian,
ICeliey, Kelsey, Lailin, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence,Loan. Lynch, Mallory, Marvin,McCarthy,
Miller,Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Myers, Newcomb,
0'Neil], Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Plants, Poland,
Price, Raum, Sawyer, Scofiold, Spalding, Aaron F.
Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Thomas, John Trimble,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Burt Van Horn, W ard,
EHhu B. Waahburnc, Henry I>. Washburn, Welkcr,
William "Williams, James I'\ Wilson, Stephen I\ Wil-
son, and Woodbridge—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Beck, Boyci,Biooks,Burr,
Chanler, Eidridge, Getz, Golladay, Grover, Holman,
llotchkiss, Johnson, Kerr, Knott, Marshal), Mc-
Cormick, Mungen, iwblaek, Pruyn, ltandall, Kobin-
son, Sitgreaves, Stone, Van Aukcn, Van Trump, and
Woodward—27.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Archer,
Delos It. Ashley, Axtell, Banks, Barnes, Barnum,
Broomall, Buekland, Cornell, Oovode, Dawes, i)ixon,
Dodge, Eggleston, perry, Fields, Finney. Pox, Gloss-
brenner, Griswold, Haight, Hawkins, Hill, Hooper,
Asahel W.Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, llulburd,
Humphrey, Iugersoll, Jones, Ketchum, Kitchen,
Koontz, Lincoln, Loaran, Louehridge, Maynard, Mc-
Cluig, McCulloch, Mercur, Morgan, Moirissey, Mul-
lins, Nicholson, Nunn. Peters, Phelps, Pile, Polsloy,
Pomeroy, Robertson, Ross, Schenck, Selye, Shanks,
Shell abarger, Smith, Starkweather, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Tabcr, Taffe, Taylor, Lawrence ri. Tiimble,
Van Aernam, Robert T. Vail Horn, Van Wvck, Cnd-
waladerC. Washburn,William B. Washburn,Thomas
Williams, John T. Wilson, Wmdoui, and Wood—7-1.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF ARKANSAS.
Mr. ICELLEY. I desire to say that I was
absent from the Hall for a brief time on Sat-
urday last, having been misled in consequence
of the extension of the hour after the previous
question had been ordered, and in that way I
lost my vote upon the bill for the admission of
Arkansas. I desire to say that if I had been
present i should have voted for the admission
of Arkansas.
Mr. BURR. I desire to say that I also was
absent when that bill was passed. Had I been
present I would have voted against the bill.
LEAVE 01' ABSENCE.
Mr. SPALDING asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence after to-morrow.
Mr. VAN AERNAM asked and obtained
indefinite leave of absence after to-morrow.
DUELING IN THE DISTIUCT
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, obtained
the fioor.
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
do so.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask leave to submit the
following resolution for consideration at this
time:
Jteio/ved, That tho Committee on Foreign Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the truth of the report
that a duel has been fought in or near the District
of Columbia^in pursuance of a challenge or arrange-
ment made within this District between a person in
the diplomatic service of the United States and a
secretary of one of the foreign legations, and if they
iind such an oflense has been committed to report to
this House whether a due respect for the laws of the
United States does not require the House to take
measures for the removal Irom office of the diplo-
matic officer and for the recall by his own Govern-
ment ot the secretary ot the legation ; and that for
the purpose of this inquiry the said committee are
empowered to send for persons and papers.
Mr. RANDALL and Mr. CHANLER
objected.
Mr. JENCKES. I then move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I cannot
yield for that purpose.
11EADMISSION OF SOUTH CAROLINA, ETC.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Reconstruction, reported a bill
(II. R. No. 1058) to admit the States of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia,
and Alabama to representation in Congress;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read the third time.
The preamble of the bill states that the peo-
ple of North Carolina, South' Carolina, Louis-
iana, Georgia, and Alabama have, in pursu-
ance of the provisions of an act entitled "An
act for the more efficient government of the
rebel States," passed March 2, 18C7, and the
acts supplementary thereto, framed constitu-
tions of State- government which are repub-
lican in form, and have adopted said consti-
tutions by large majorities of the votes cast at
the elections held for the ratification or rejec-
tion of the same.
The first section provides that the States of
is'orth Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, and Alabama shall be entitled and
admitted to representation in Congress as
States of the Union when the Legislatures of
said States respectively shall have duly ratified
the amendment to the Constitution oi'the Uni-
ted States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, and known as article fourteen, upon the
ioiiowmg fundamental conditions: that the
constitutions of said States shall never be so
amended or changed as to deprive any citizen
or class ot citizens of the United Slates of the
right to vote who are now entitled to vote by
said constitutions respectively, except by a pun-
ishment for such crimes as are now felonies at
common law whereof thev shall have been duly
convicted ; and no person shall ever be held
