1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
positive tangible testimony, which, upon such
questions of great magnitude, to be precedents
for all future time and help make the history
of a great and just nation, should always stand
out as indisputable and certain beyond a doubt.
My views as to the course of the President
for the last two years have been well under-
stood, and are clearly shown by my votes in
this House during that time, and have suffered
no _ change by the failure of the resolutions to
which I have referred. I consider that the
most of our difficulties spring from the unhappy
defection of the Executive, his collision with
the legislative branch of the Government,
which more immediately represents the peo-
ple, and the consequent abuses, frauds, and
corruption which arise from a division of re-
sponsibility and a struggle for ascendency,
which cannot be avoided under such a condi-
tion of things. And, further, his seeming fixed
determination to take from the hands of those,
who, during all our struggle of the last few
years have known no flag but the one of " our
fathers who have been loyal and tru,e to the
Government in the sunshine and in the storm,
and bore the responsibility of the great conflict
for the life of the Republic, the power, the con-
trol, the influence which were theirs by right, by
the verciict of the loyal millions of our people,
by the consent of the civilized world, and put all
in the hands of the enemies of the country, and
those who, in more ways than one, have sus-
tained their cause, is of itself sufficient upon
which to base the opinions we may hold of the
President and his general policy and action.
But in the case before us we are not left in
doubt. His gross violation of law, which makes
the case we are now considering, is a matter
of public record, and is not and cannot be de-
nied. The manner in which it is done clearly
shows, too, the spirit and intent of the act,
which, taken in connection with all his recent
course upon certain acts of legislation which
have not been agreeable to him and which
have encountered his veto, must leave no room
for doubt as to his purpose and intent in the
action which has induced the resolution now
under discussion.
By the Constitution the President has the
power to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, certain officers named
in that instrument, and such as may be created
by law, and whose appointment is not other-
wise provided for. He has also the power to
fill vacancies that may happen during the re-
cess of the Senate, but when that body is in
session his duty is clear and has never been
questioned. Congress, for the protection of
good men in their rights, and for the best in-
terests of the public service, provided by law,
passed by a two-third vote in both Houses
over the President's veto on the' 2d day_of
March last, that the President should commu-
nicate the causes for any suspension made by
him during the recess of the Senate to that
body for their consideration. If the Senate
approve his act it should be valid, if- not it
should be invalid, and the officer so suspended
should again "forthwith resume the functions
of his office, and the powers of the person per-
forming its duties in his stead shall cease."
This applies to cases of suspension during the
recess of the Senate. The Constitution settles
the question of appointment by the President
when the Senate is in session, and there is but
one way in which it can be done, and that is
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate. Now, what are the facts ? The Pres-
ident suspended Secretary Stanton while the
Senate was not in session, and recognizing the
law he vetoed, but which is nevertheless the
law, having been passed by a constitutional
majority over his veto, sent to the Sen&te after
it convened, and within the number of days
specified by the law, his reasons for such sus-
pension. The Senate, after a careful consid-
eration of the reasons presented, refused^ to
concur with the President in the suspension
of the Secretary of War; and upon such notice
being promulgated in a proper manner, the
Secretary resumed the duties of his office. In
defiance of this action by the Senate he has
since that notice not only failed to recognize
Mr. Stanton as legally authorized to act as
Secretary of War, but has at last attempted to,
and declares over his own signature, in a com-
munication addressed to the Secretary, and
also to the Senate, that he has removed Mr.
Stanton from his place and given letters of
authority to Adjutant General Loreiizo Thomas
to act as Secretary of War ad interim. This
appointee, so called, has also, in obedience to
the orders of the President, demanded the War
Office, its papers, and all pertaining thereto,
and has assumed, in obedience to such orders,
to execute its functions. This is a direct, pal-
pable, and indisputable violation of the sixth
section of the law in question, with all the facts
before him, without excuse, and purposely and
willfully done. The following is the section
referred to:
" Sec. 6. Thatevery removal, appointment, or em-
ployment made, hud, or exercised, contrary to the
provisions of this act, and the making, signing, seal-
ing, countersigning, or issuing of any commission or
letter of authority lor or in respect to any such ap-
pointment or employment, shall be deemed, aud arc
hereby declared to be, high misdemeanors, and, upon
trial and conviction thereof, every person guilty
thereof shall bo punished uy a line not exceeding
$10,000, or by imprisonment not exceeding five years,
or both said punishments, in the discretiou of the
court."
No argument is necessary here to show that
the act in question is a violation of the law
before us, and it is also unnecessary to attempt
to show the nature of the act, for the law
itself declares that its violation by any officer
shall be "high misdemeanor." The Constitution
provides that the President "shall be removed
from office on impeachment for and on con-
viction of treason, bribery, or other high crimes
and misdemeanors." It will not do in this case
to plead the unconstitutionality of the law thus
violated, as has been argued by several gentle-
men upon the other side of the House, for if
the President can do so, then any other citi-
zen can do so, if, in his judgment, the law he
violates be unconstitutional. The President
above all others should be law-abiding, and
act as the Constitution expressly provides, as
the executive officer of the nation, aud be
careful that, all the laws be faithfully executed,
so long as they are not adjudged to be uncon-
stitutional by competent authority, which the
President is not. He may have his opinion
upon measures of legislation like the law in
question, as all citizens may, but when he
takes upon himself the duties of the high
office of chief executive officer of the nation,
he can express that opinion in an official man-
ner upon a measure as provided by the Con-
stitution and veto it. When, under that same
Constitution, it becomes a law notwithstanding
his objections, it is as valid as though it had
received his indorsement, and he is precluded
from making any further embarrassment to
its operation or full and complete execution.
The case is a plain one, and there can be
but one conclusion arrived at by any candid
mind. This act is also a willful violation of
the law. It was - done in defiance of the law
and the Senate, which body the_ Constitution
makes at least equal to the President in mat-
ters of appointment, and whose consent is
absolutely necessary to make an appointment
valid. It was done in the spirit of hatred and
strife which has controlled him for a long time,
and with the purpose to crush the rightful
authority of the people's Representatives in
this House, and wrest from them the execu-
tion of their great purposes of preserving this
Government and keeping it in the control of
its friends, and those, who not only are, but
have been loyal to it in the dark hours of its
sorrow and peril. This act is a part ef the
usurpation apd treachery of the President,
which is and has been filling our land since
the war with disquietude and suffering, which
follows to-day the poor but faithful loyal man
of the South with the relentless energy and
hatred of treason, and seeks to bring to naught
all the sublime fruits of the great conflict and
victories we have won; which, too, rests with
mountain weight upon the great loyal heart
of this nation which is struggling to be free,
as it has a right to be. Congress has been slow
to act. For the sake of peace it has delayed
and been willing to submit to almost anything.
The loyal men of the South have been pro-
scribed and persecuted—as they now are—
beyond measure for being and having been
loyal and favorable to the laws of Congress.
The prosperity of the country has been dimin-
ished, and all its interests paralyzed by t,hi3
wanton, unjustifiable crusade upon the rights
and liberties of the people. Heretofore we
have endured all, and left it to time to remedy
the evils we were suffering; but now there is
an obligation upon us we cannot throw off.
We are called upon by every consideration of
public duty, by the duty we owe to a faithful
officer, who,with Roman firmness and sterling
virtue, has faithfully executed the great trusts
committed to him during years of bloody
struggle for the nation's life, in obedience to
law aud in opposition to its violation, by the
obligations we are under to see that the laws
are respected and faithfully executed, so far as
wg may be able, and when their infraction
comes under our jurisdiction ; by all these con-
siderations we are called upon to do our duty
fearlessly and faithfullyin the emergency which
is now upon us.
Mr. Speaker, for these reasons I shall vote
for the resolutions which have been reported
by the committee, and feel that 1 have done my
duty. The country will breathe freer when the
greatest obstruction to its peace and harmony
shall be removed, and the loyalty and devotion
of a patriotic people will be vindicated. Since
the beginning of the late war there have been
many occasions when the representatives of
the people in this House and the other branch
of Congress have been placed under trying
circumstances, and have felt that the future
was dark and uncertain. Since the war un-
certainty has still existed, darkness rests over
the great sea, and, with an uncertain and
corrupt head to the Government, it is impos-
sible to anticipate the future, and idle_ to hope
for repose and safety to the great interests
of liberty and justice in^ the land. We owe
it to ourselves to stand firmly by the law and
its faithful defenders, to vindicate the integrity
and patriotism of our people, to demand anew
that loyalty shall be defended and protected,
as it is not now, in ten States lately in rebel-
lion, and that loyal men shall control and
govern a country saved by loyal blood and the
sacrifices of loyal hearts. I regret this occa-
sion, Mr. Speaker, as much as any one can,
for the good name of our common country,
and wish it had not been forced upon us by
the madness of the President. But it is too
late to retrace our steps and go backward. I
shall meet these resolutions with the clearest
convictions of duty, and am willing that the
vote I shall cast and the record I shall make
by so doing may stand with that of my asso-
ciates in this body as a part of the great
struggle in this House and before the country
for the supremacy of law and the vindication
of the loyalty and virtue of the great people
who have saved the Government from over-
throw. The future will seal this act as an act
of safety to the Republic, and one indispensable
to the prosperity and happiness of our people.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, for two years
Andrew Johnson, as President of the United
States, has been a usurper of power, a sup-
porter of treason, and a disturber of the public
peace of the nation, and should have long since
been brought to the bar of justice unci dealt
with for his crimes; but there were those
among the people's Representatives who were
disposed to forbear witii him and apologize for
his wrongs and outrages upon the people's
rights rather than enforce the stern edicts of
the law and compel him to suffer its penalty.
This leniency, instead of softening bis passions
and winning him to tlie paths of virtue and
