1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to service or labor as a pmiishment for crime
in said States, except by public officers charged
with the custody of convicts by the laws thereof.
The second section provides that if the day
fixed for the meeting of the Legislature of
either of said States by the constitution thereof
shall have passed before the passage of this
act such Legislature may be convened within
thirty days after the passage of this act by the
president of the convention which framed the
constitution of such State.
The third section provides that the first sec-
tion of this act shall take effect when the Pres-
ident of the United States shall officially pro-
claim the due ratification by the Legislatures
of said States respectively of article fourteen
of the amendments to the Constitution of the
United States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress.
The SPEAKER. This bill is printed, and
can be obtained of the Doorkeeper.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire by what
authority this bill has been printed.
The SPEAKER. That is not a question for
the Chair to answer; nor does the Chair know.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have sent two or three
times for this bill, and have not been able to
get it. I would like to know how a bill can be
printed without the order of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
the question. Nor is it a parliamentary in-
quiry. The bill will be considered as read a
first and second time. The question is on or-
dering it to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Unless
some gentleman desires to debate this question
now, I move that the further consideration of
the bill be postponed, and that it be made a
special order for next Wednesday after the
morning hour, and from day to day until dis-
posed of.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman from
Penns) lvania [Mr. Stevens] propose to allow
debate on this bill when it shall be taken up
on Wednesday? There are some gentlemen
here who desire to debate the bill, and who
wish to know whether it is the gentleman's
intention, if the bill shall be made a special
order, to allow debate, and to what extent?
This information will govern us somewhat in
the preparation of speeches. We know what
the gentleman can do, if he desires, in the way
of cutting off debate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
moved the postponement for the very purpose
of givinggentlemen an opportunity to debate it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We wish to know whether
there has been fixed between the gentleman
and his friends any time when he proposes to
call the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. No, sir.
I propose giving an opportunity for debate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is satisfactory.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the bill will be postponed and made a special
order for next Wednesday after the morning
hour, and from day to day until disposed of.
There was no objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to give notice of
an amendment which I intend to offer to this
bill. It is to amend by striking out the follow-
ing words:
That the constitutions of said States shall never
bo so amended or changed as to deprive any citizen
or class of citizens of the United States of the right
to vote who are now entitled to vote by said constitu-
tions respectively, except as a punishment for such
crimes as are now felonies at common law whereof
they shall have been duly convicted.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
That civil and political rights and privileges shall
be forever equally secured in said States to all citizens
of the United States resident therein, as is nowpro-
vided in said constitutions respectively.
I ask that this amendment be ordered to be
printed with the bill.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
that order will be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. EARNS WORTH obtained the floor.
Mr. BECK. If the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnswokth] will yield to me a moment,
I desire to move that all the reports from the
President, General Grant, and the Secretary
of War relative to elections held in the States
named in this bill be printed immediately, so
that we may have them before us on Wednes-
day morning when the bill comes up.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I think that order
has already been made this morning.
Mr. BECK. All the documents have not
yet come in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to the order being made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
every document on this subject which has been
upon the Speaker's table has been ordered to
be printed. There may be other communica-
tions yet to come in.
Mr. BECK. General Grant has notyet made
the report we have called upon him to make
to-day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe that report
has been presented to-day, and on my motion
referred to the committee and ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that no
communication from the General of the Army
has come in to-day: A message from the Pres-
ident, withtwoaccompanyingconstitutions, has
been received and ordered to be printed; and
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Cobcrn] has
offered a resolution calling upon the General
of the Army for a variety of information.
Mr. BECK. What I desire is that'the reply
of the General of the Army to that resolution
shall be printed immediately upon its receipt.
The SPEAKER. It may be received to-
morrow by the Speaker while the House is in
the Committee ofthe Whole; and, if there be no
objection, the Chair will regard it as ordered
to be printed immediately upon its receipt.
There was no objection.
CLERKS IN INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, Thatthe Secretary of thelnterior be, and
he is hereby, directed to inform this House of the
number and names of clerks appointed in his De-
partment since the 1st of April last, and by whom
recommended.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on Reconstruction, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1059) to relieve certain citizens of North Caro-
lina of disabilities ; which was read a first and
second time.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill in
extenso.
Several members moved to dispense with
the reading of the names of the persons who
were to be relieved.
Mr. ROBINSON. I hope that will be done.
There was no objection ; and it was agreed
to accordingly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Are we going to pardon
people by wholesale? Is this to be done, then,
and are we to have no provision of general
amnesty ?
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the gentleman from
Wisconsin does not object to that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not; but I wish to
have in this bill a provision for general am-
nesty. If we do that, there will be an end of
all quarrels, and we will again have restored
an era of good feeling.
Mr. CHANLER. Has the further reading
of the bill been dispensed with?
The SPEAKER. It has been done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CHANLER. I called for its reading,
and I did not withdraw that request.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not
object at the proper time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois a question. _ I wish to know
on what authority, on what information, on
what recommendation these names have been
placed in this bill for the purpose of amnesty?
Has not the committee had recommendations
from other localities? Is it not some informa-
tion in regard to the politics of these men that
has caused their names to be reported in this
bill? 1 wish to know whether these men hare
repented, or whether they have given any bet-
ter evidence of repentance than the great chass
of the southern people? Are not these the
men who have fallen down upon their knees
and given a pledge to support the political
party to which the gentleman belongs? I
should like to know about it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman is
through I will answer his questions. I was
about to ask the House to dispense with the
reading of the names, so that I might make an
explanation. Mr. Speaker, I hold in my hand
the information upon which the committee has
acted ; nearly all of these names were recom-
mended by the constitutional convention of
North Carolina. I hold in my hands the res-
olution of that convention recommending these
names to Congress as the names of proper
persons from whom disabilities should be re-
moved. I wiH read:
State Constitutional Convention*,
Ealeioh, N. C., March 17,1868.
Dear Sir : I have the honor of inclosing herewith
a copy of resolutions as passed by this convention,
also a report of the committee on political disabili-
ties as adopted by this body.
I am, your obedient,servant,
T. A. BYRNES,
Hon. Schuyler Colfax. Secretary.
Copy of the report of the eonimUtee on political disabili-
ties (is adopted by the State constitutional convention,
March 12,1868.
Whereas the persons hereinafter named are dis-
qualified to hold officc by the fourteenth article of
the Constitution of the United States, known  s the
"Howard amendment;" and whereas they have evi-
denced that they are in hearty accord with the re-
construction measures of Congress: Therefore,
Resolved, That we petition the Congress of the
United States to remove their disabilities, in accord-
ance with the provisions of the aforementioned ar-
ticle of the Constitution.
committee.
J. W. Hood, Chairman, George W. Gaiiaqan,
A. W. Tourgee, James IIay,
S. J. Falknek, It. \V. King,
C. 0. Jones, William Nicholson-.
Then follow .the names which are included
in this bill.,
The Committee on Reconstruction also called
befor£"Cnem several gentlemen from North Car-
olina, including the mcmbers-eleet of Congress
om that State, who have evinced by their
conduct and the fact that they have received
the vote of the loyal people of that State that
they are loyal and proper persons from whom
disability should be removed. It is the best
kind of information the committee could pos-
sess itself of, unless, indeed, a committee were
appointed to go to North Carolina and inquire
into each man's record and conduct during the
war and since. Thatnothaving been done, we
must take such testimony as we can get.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman
allow me ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not now. We be-
lieve the report and the resolution of the con-
vention of loyal men of North Carolina, who
recommend these men to Congress, to be very
good evidence.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. Is Governor Holden's
name in the list ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. _ I ask whether there is
not a good deal of evidence about his loyalty,
as to whether he has not a bad character on
that score ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If that be so, then
itwould be a good recommendation to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin for his vote.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Not at all. I would not
go for one man who was rebellious any sooner
than another.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am speaking now
of the evidence either of loyalty during the
war or of proper repentance since the war. Wo
not suppose anything I may say, or any evi-
dence that the committee has in behalf of these
men, will commend itself to my friend from
Wisconsin. , " , ,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would not tafe& that
confession, I must say, as very good evidenca
on that point. ■
