1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4461
was announced, and after it was announced a
Senator made a motion to reconsider the vote
upon the ground that Mr. Stockton had no
right to vote in his own case, and the Senate
did reconsider it. In my judgment, the duty
of the Chair simply would be to announce the
result of the vote on the amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky, and then if the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania wants to raise a ques-
tion as to whether certain persons are entitled
to vote or not that can be decided.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Illi-
nois is mistaken iu the question of order upon
which I took an appeal. The Senate is in the
act of dividing; the roll-call is quite completed
or nearly ; but the result is not announced, so
that the Senate is still in the very act of voting.
Pending that, the Senator from Massachusetts
moves that the Senate go into executive ses-
sion. My question of order is that he cannot
make that motion at that stage of the business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I quite agree with the
Senator from Indiana on that point. That is
another question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Chair decides that
he can make that motion, and from that decis-
ion I appeal.
Mr. THAYER. "Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts withdraw his motion for an execu-
tive session, with the understanding that we
vote at once on the question whether these
Senators are entitled to vote or not, and then
on the original resolution as to their pay with-
out any discussion whatever? If we do that
we shall save time. We are wasting hour after
hour here in this wrangle.
Mr. SUMNER. But who is there that can
speak for the Senate?
Mr. TIIAYER. Let it be understood by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SUMNER. And so that there shall be
no debate on the question?
Air. THAYER. Ye:s, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Who is there that can
speak for the Senate? Can the Senator from
Nebraska?
Mr. THAYER. If any one objects to that
understanding, let him make the objection
now. I make the suggestion in order to get
out of this difficulty at once.
Mr. THAYER and others. Let us vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
will call the roll on the appeal.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the shortest way is
to insist on my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate? and on this
question the roll will be called.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 21 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler, Cor-
belt, Doolittle, l?essenden. Fowler, I'YeJin^huy&en,
Italian, Henderson,_ Nye, Poineroy, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Stunner, and Van Winkle—Hi.
NAYS—Mossis.Buckalew. Conklins, Conness.Cra-
gin, Davis, Drake, Kerry, Harris, Hendricks, Mo-
Creery, Morgan, Patterson of Tennessee, Sawyer,
Spiague, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Catted, Cole,
Dixon, Edmunds. Grimes, Howard, Howe, Kellogg,
McDonald, Morrill ot Maine, Morrill ot Vermont,
Morton, Norton, Oaborn, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire. Pool, Riee, Robertson, Ross, Saulsburv, Spcn-
cer, Vickers, Wade, Welch, Wliyte, and Willey—3.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I insist that the
Chair announce the vote on the question upon
which the yeas and nays were called.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
a question of order raised on that vote, and
that is the question now under consideration,
whether it is in order for gentlemen who are
interested in the resolution to vote.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. Now I desire to read
what I proposed to present a moment ago.
Mr. ABBOTT. Air. President, I insist on
the Chair announcing the vote upon the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky. Nothing
is in order until that is announced. The vote
has been taken, the yeas and nays have been
called, but the result has not yet been an-
nounced.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I was
addressing the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to vote on the
amendment whenever it is in order for me to
do so.
Mr. ABBOTT. I raise the point of order
which I have just stated.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The roll was called
through, and I, as soon as it was in order, not
to produce confusion, raised the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order, and call the Senator from Pennsylvania
to order, upon the ground that no remarks
are in order while the Senate is being divided
until the vote is announced.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I understand that the
Senator from Illinois has exercised the privi-
lege of making remarks several times, and I
propose to respond to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I raise the question of
order that no remarks from anybody are in
order.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask the Chair whether
the question is not that submitted by him to
the Senate, Are the votes objected to by me in
order? Is not that the question? If so, I
propose addressing the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion arose in this way : the roll was called, and
a difficulty arose as to the votes of certain Sen-
ators whose votes were objected to. The
Chair did not understand that that question
was settled, or that the roll was called through.
If it had been it would be the business of the
Chair to announce the vote. He did not so
understand it because a question of order was
raised right there as to whether certain gentle-
men were entitled to vote.
Mr. BUCKALEW. And now the Senator
from Ohio, before the vote is announced, rises
and asks to have his name called. The Sen-
ator from Illinois insists that the vote shall be
announced.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is now in order, I
desire to vote, and there are two or three
others who desire to vote.
Mr. CON NESS. Let the Clerk call the
names of those whose names are not recorded.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The names
will be called through, and the vote announced
if that is the sense of the Senate, but the ques-
tion is who is entitled to be called? That is
the way the difficulty arose. If there is no
objection the roll will be called through on the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I object.
Mr. CONN ESS. No matter whether there
is objection or not, the question of order is
made, and I hope the Chair will direct the roll
to be called.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not necessary to call
the roll.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all; only the names
of those who have not voted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The roll
will be called of those Senators who have not
answered to cheir names on the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky.
The absentees were called, and Messrs.
Coiibett, Mono ay, Ross, Sherman, and Wil-
liams voted in the affirmative, and Messrs.
McDonald and OsboiIXe in the negative.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I insist upon my point
I of order, that the votes of the Senators named
in this resolution cannot be taken or reported.
I I make it at the earliest moment when their
i votes are read by our Clerk.
' Mr. POJIEROY. I believe I voted under
a misapprehension; I intended to vote yea.
The result was announced—yeas 25, nays
20: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Corbett, Cra-
gin, Davis, Doolittle, Drake, 1'crry, Eessenden, Fre-
linghuysen, llarlan, Ilemler.-on. Hendricks, Howe,
MoCreery, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Koss, Sherman, Sprague,
Sumner, Williams, and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cattell, Chandler. Cele,
Conklinp-, Oonness. Harris, McDonald, Xje, Osborn,
Patterson of Tennessee, Rainsev, ltice. Stewart,
Thayer, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Welch, and
Y atcs—20.
AliSEN r—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Dixoo, Kd-
munJs, l'owler, Grimes, Howard, Kollogg, Hon ill
of Vermont,, Morton, Norton, PoM. llobertson, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Spencer, Tipton, Viekers, Whyte, and
Willey—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Now I make my point
of order that the votes of the Senators inter-
ested in this resolution should not be counted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That ques-
tion the Chair will submit to the Senate. Of
course the Chair cannot undertake to say that
a member whose name is on the roll has not
a right to vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. STEWART and Mr. SHERMAN. Let
the resolution be adopted.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I insist upon this ques-
tion being determined. We are now coming
to the final vote on the resolution, and this is
the proper time to raise the question and have
it decided. In the Stockton debate the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts [Mr. StJMXEu] pre-
sented the law very clearly. He collected the
body of authority bearing on this subject with
great ability and diligence, and presented it
in such manner that it carried the judgment of
the Senate against what I thought was its first
impression. Although that case was in some
respects distinguishable from the present, it was
for all the purposes of this point of order a
much weaker one. Here is.a direct pecuniary
interest, whereas in that case there was in-
volved the question of the right of a Stato to
representation and to be heard on this floor.
The declaratory rule of parliamentary law as
found in the rules of the House of Represent-
atives is as follows:
"No member shall vote on anything in the event
of which he has ail immediate interest."
And the Senator from Massachusetts very
truly and very soundly added these words:
" This is an expression in parliamentary lan-
guage of what 1 have announced as the prin-
ciple of universal jurisprudence," applicable,
of course, to parliamentary bodies. It is found
in Jefferson's Manual, and it is found in all
accredited works upon parliamentary law, and
in the rules and practices of bodies of this
description. It is a fundamental and essential
principle extending to all parliamentary action,
and extending into courts, and indispensable
everywhere where it has application to the ends
of justice, to the purity of Government, to the
maintenance in its integrity of any foim of
public administration or public authority.
Following this—1 will not trouble the Sen-
ate with reading them—are copious citations
of authority to show that this question may be
raised after the vote even is recorded upon the
Journal; and the precedents go so far that they
show cases where the decision has been actu-
ally reversed upon a subsequent occasion by
the rejection ot interested votes. This is the
undoubted parliamentary law in Great Britain.
It was the law incorporated in Mr. Jefferson's
Manual, and recognized by the Senate early
in the history of our own Government; and
j this rule which I have read, found in the
Manual as applicable to the House of Repre-
sentatives, is simply declaratory of the general
principle. Now, I simply desire a decision of
the Senate that the votes of the Senators men-
tioned in this resolution shall not be put upon
the record and shall not be counted.
Mr. WELCH. Mr. President, I am accus-
tomed to meet every question squarely. I will
confess that I had a little doubt as to the pro-
priety of my casting a vote on this question,
but not the slightest doubt as to my right to do
so : for whatever may be general parliamentary
law on this subject 1 have an example in the
fact that this Senate have always decided the
question of their own pay by their own votes,
and that is enough for me.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. I move to lay
the question of order on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.
ator from New Jersey moves that the question
of order be laid on the table. The question is
on \ luu motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The Sen-
