THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
views that have been presented in debate here.
In the Federalist, No. 78, page 541, Mr. Ham-
ilton says:
"Some perplexity respecting therightsof the courts
to pronounce legislative acts void, because contrary
to the Constitution, has arisen from an imagination
that the doctrine would imply a superiority of the
judiciary to the legislative power. It is urged that
the authority which can declare the acts of another
void must necessarily be superior to the ono whose
acts may be declared void. As this doctrine is of
great importance in all the American Constitutions,
a brief'discussion of the ground on which it rests can-
not be unacceptable.
'' There is no position -which depen ds on clearer prin-
ciples than that every act ot a delegated authority
contrary to the tenor of the commission under which
it is exercised is void. No legislative act, therefore,
contrary to the Constitution, can be valid. To "deny
this would bo to affirm that the deputy is greater
than his principal; that the servant is above his
master; that the representatives of the people are
superior to the people themselves; that men acting
by virtue of powers may do not only what their powers
do not authorize, but what they forbid.
"If it bo said that the legislative body are them-
selves the constitutional judges of their own powers,
and that the construction they put upon them is con-
clusive upon the other departments, it may bo an-
swered that this cannot bo thenatural presumption,
where it is not to be collected from any particular
provisions in the Constitution. It is not otherwise
to be supposed that the Constitution could intend to
enable the representatives of the people to substi-
tute theirioi/J to that of their constituents. It is far
more rational to suppose that the courts were de-
signed to be an intermediate body between the peo-
ple and the Legislature, in order, among other things,
to keep the latter within the limits assigned to their
authority. The interpretation of the laws is the
proper and peculiar province of the courts. A Con-
stitution is, in fact, and must bo regarded by the
judges as a fundamental law. It therefore belongs
to them to ascertain its meaning, as well as the mean-
ing of any particular net proceeding fiom the legis-
lative body. If thero should happen to be an irre-
concilable variance between the two, thatwhich has
the superior obligation and validity ought, ofcourse,
to be preferred; or, in other words, the Constitution
ought to be preferred to the statute, the intention of
the people to the intention of their agents.
"Nor does this conclusion, by any means, suppose
a superiority of the judicial to the legislative power.
It only supposes that the power of the people is su-
perior to both, and that whore the will of the Legis-
lature, declared in its statutes, stands in oppo-ition
to that of the people, declared in the Constitution,
the judges ought to be governed by the latter rather
than the former. They ought to regulate their de-
cisions by the fundamental laws, rather than by those
which arc not fundamental."
Again :
" If, then, the courts of justice are to be considered
as the bulwarks of a limited Constitution, against
legislative encroachments, this consultation will
afford a scroti* argument tor the permanent tenure
of judicial offices, since nothing will contnbute so
much as this to that mdependentspirit in the judges,
which must be essential to the faithful pcrfoimancc
of so arduous a duty."-—VW/., 544.
In the case of Marbury vs. Madison, (1
Cianch, pp. 175, 178,) ihe Supremo Court of
the United States, speaking through the great
Chief Justice Marshall, said :
"The question whether an act repugnant to the
Constitution can become the law of the land is a
question deeply interesting to the United States; but
happily not ot an intricacy proportionedto its inter-
ests. It seems only necessary to recognize certain prin-
ciples, supposed to have been long and well estab-
tablished, to decide it.
"That the people have an original right to estab-
lish loi thurluturc government such principles as
in their opinion, shall mo-'t conduce to their own
happiness is the basis on which the whole American
fabric has been erected. The exen-isc ol this oii-
gmai right is a veiy great exertion ; nor can it, nor
ought it, to be frequently repeated. The principles,
therefore, so esiabhshed are deemed fundamental,
and as the authority from which they proceed is
supreme and can seldom act they arc designed to be
permanent.
"This original and supremo will organizes the
Government and assigns to different d'eparrments
their respective powers. It may either stop here or
establish certain liiuita not to oe tianscendod by those
departments.
"The Government of tho United States is of the ,
latter description. The poweis of the Legislature j
aiedeiined and hunted; and that those limits may j
not be mistaken oi loigotten tho Constitution is ;
written. To what purpose are powers limited, and j
to what purpose is that limitation commuted to !
writing it these limits may at any time be passed by .
those intended to be restrained? The distinction i
' between a Government with limited and unlimited
powers is abolished if thoso limitsdo notconline the
persons on whom they arc imposed, and if acts pro-
hibited and nets allowed are of equal obligation. It
is a proposition too plain to be contested that the
Constitution controls any legislative act repugnant
to it; or that the Legislature may alter the Constitu-
tion by an ordinary act.
"Between these alternatives there is no middle t
gi ound. The Constitution is either a superior, para- j
mount law, unchangeable by ordinary means, or it l
is on a level with ordinary legislative acts, and, like
other acts, is alterable when the Legislature shall
please to alter it.
"If the former part of tho alternative be true,
then a legislative act contrary to the Constitution is
not law; if tho latter part be true, then written con-
stitutions are absurd attempts on tho part of tho peo-
ple to limit a power in its own nature illimitable.
" Certainly ail those who have framed written
constitutions contemplate them as forming the fun-
damental and paramount law of tho nation, and,
consequently, the theory of every such government
must be that an act of the legislature, repugnant to
tho constitution, is void.
"This theory is essentially attached to a written
constitution, and is, consequently, to be considered
by the court as one of tho fundamental principles
of our society. It is not, therefore, to be# lost sight
of in tho further consideration of this subject.
"If an act ot the Legislature repugnant to the
Constitution is void, docs it, notwithstanding its in-
validity, bind the courts and oblige them to give it
effect? Or, in other words, though it bo not law, does
it constitute a rule as operative as if it was a law ?
This would be to overthrow in fact what was estab-
lished in theory, and would seem, at first view, an
absurdity too gross to bo insisted on. It shall, how-
ever, receive a more attentive consideration.
" It is emphatically the province and duty of the
judicial department to say what the law is. Those
who apply the rule to particular cases must of neces-
sity expound and interpret that rule. If two laws
conflict with each other the courts must dccide on
tho operation of each.
"So if a law be in opposition to the Constitution ; if
both the law and the Constitution apply to a partic-
ular case, so that tho court must either dccidc that
case conformably to the law, disregarding the Con-
stitution ; or conformably to tho Constitution, disre-
garding the law, tho court must dcteimuie which
of these conflicting rules governs the case. This is
of the very essence of judicial duty.
" If. then, the courts are to regard the Constitution—
and the Constitution is superior to any ordinary act
of the Legislature—the Constitution, and not such
ordmaiy act, must govern the ease to which they both
apply.
"Those, then, who controvert the principle that
tho Constitution is to bo considered, ii^ court, as a
paramount law, are reduced to the necessity of mam-
taming that courts must close their eyes on tho Con-
stitution and see only the law.
" This doctrine would subvert thevcry foundation
of all written constitutions. It would dcclaicthat
an act which, according to tho principles and theory
of our Government, is entirely void, is yet, in prac-
tice, completely obligatory. It would declare that
if the Legislature shall do what is expressly forbid-
den, such act. notwithstanding the express prohibi-
tion, is in reality effectual. It would begiving to the
Legislature a practical nud real omnipotence with
the same breath which professes to restrict their
poweis within narrow limits. It is prescribing limits,
and declaring that those limits may bo passed at
pleasure.
"That it thus reduces to nothing what we have
deemed the greatest improvement on political insti-
tutions—a written constitution—would of itself bo
sufficient in Ameiica, where written constitutions
have been viewed with so much leverenco for reject-
ing tho construction."
Undoubtedly it is a question of very grave
consideration how far the different departments
of the Government, legislative, judicial, and
executive, are at libeiiy to act in reference to
unconstitutional laws. Tho judicial duty, per-
haps, may be plain. They wait for a case ; they
volunteer no advice 5 they exercise no supervis-
ion. But as between the Legislature and the
Executive, even when the Supreme Court has
passed upon the question, it is one of the gravest
constitutional points for public men to determ-
ine when and how the Legislature may raise
the question again by passing a law against the
decision of the Supreme Court, and tho Execu-
tive may raise the question again by undertak-
ing an executive duty under the Constitution
against the decision of the Supreme Court and
against the determination of Congress. We
in this case have been accused of insisting
upon extravagant pretensions. We have never
suggested anything further than this, for the
case only requires it, that whatever may be the
doubtful or debatable region of the coordinate
authority of the different departments of Gov-
ernment to judge for themselves of the consti-
tutionality or unconstitutionality of laws, to
raise the question anew in their authentic and
responsible public action, when the President
of the United States, in common with the hum*
blest citizen, findsa law passed over his right, and j
binding upon his action in the matter of his j
right, then all reasons of duty to self, to the
public, to the Constitution, to the laws, require
that the matter should be put in the train of
judicial decision, in order that the light of the
serene reason of the Supreme Court may be
shed upon it. to the end that Congress even
may reconsider its action and retract its en-
croachment upon the Constitution. , ' «
Bat Senators will not have forgotten that
General Jackson, in his celebrated co«fcroywy
with the Whig party, claimed that no depart-
ment of the Government should receive 4its
final and necessary and perpetual,exclusion
and conclusion on a constitutional question
from the judgment even of the-Supreme Court,
and that under the obligations of each one's
oath, yours as Senators, yours as Representa-
tives, and the President's as Chief-Executive,
each must act in a new juncture and in refer-
ence to a new matter arising to raise again
the question of constitutional authority. Now,
let me read in a form which I have ready for
quotation a short passage on which General
Jackson in his protest sets this forth. I read
from a debate on the fugitive slave law as con-
ducted in this body in the year 1852, when the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumxeu] was the spokesman and champion
of the right for every department of the Gov-
ernment to judge the constitutionality of law
and of duty:
"But whatever may be the influence of this judg-
ment"—
That is, the judgment of the Supreme Court
of the United States in the case of Priggm
Pennsylvania—
" But whatever may both© influence of this judg-
ment as a rule to the judiciary it cannot arrest our
duty as legislators. And hero I adopt, with entire
assent, the language of President Jackson, in his
memorable veto, in 1832, of the Bank of the United
States. To his course was opposed the authority of
the Supreme Court, and this is his reply;
" ' It the opinion ot the Supreme Court covers tho
whole ground of this act it ought not to control tho
coordinate authorities of this Government. TheCon-
grcss, the Executive, and thc court, must each for
itself ho guided by its own opinion of the Constitu-
tion. Each public officer who takes an oath tonupjyort
the Constitution swears that he will support it as he
understands it, and not as it in understood by others.
It is as much the duty of the House of Representa-
tives, of the Senate, and of tho Prosidcnt, to decide
upon the constitutionality of any bill or resolution
which may be presented to them for passage or ap-
proval as it is of the supreme judges when it may
be brought before them for judicial decision. The
authoiity of the Supreme Court must not, therefore,
bo permitted to control the Congress or the Execu-
tive when acting in their legislative capacities, but
to haveonlv such influence as the forcc of their rea-
soning may deserve/
""With these authoritative words of Andrew Jack-
son I dismiss this topic."—Appendix to Congressional
Globe, Thirty-Second Congress, first session, p. 1108.
" Times change and we change with them."
Nevertheless, principles remain; duties re-
main; the powers of Government remain;
their coordination remains; the conscience of
men remains, and everybody that has taken an
oath, and everybody that is subject to the Con-
stitution without taking an oath, by peaceful
means has a right to revere the Constitution
in derogation of unconstitutional laws; and
any legislative will or any judicial authority
that shall deny the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion in its power to protect men who thus con-
scientiously, thus peacefully raise questions for
determination in a conflict between the Con-
stitution and the law, will not be consistent
with written constitutions or with the mainte-
nance of the liberties of this people as estab-
lished by and dependent upon the preservation
of written constitutions.
Now let us see whether upon every ethical,
constitutional, and legal rule the President of
the United States was not the person upon
whom this civil-tenure act operated, not as an
executive officer to carry out the law, but as
one of the coordinate departments of the Gov-
ernment over whom in that official relation the
authority of the act was sought to be asserted.
The language is general. "Every removal
from office contrary to the provisions of this
act shall be a high misdemeanor/' Who could
remove from office but the President of the
United States? "Who had the authority? Who
could be governed by the law but he ? And it
was in an official constitutional duty, not a
personal right, not a matter of personal value
or choice or interest with him.
When, therefore, it is said and claimed that
-by force ot a legislative enactment the Presi-
dent of the United States should not rerftw*
