1867;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
one case, although armed with no less than three
separate honoja'oie discharges from the Aruiy and
Navy of the Crated States, the applicant failed to :
obtain hi« release.
*' Unco more, and now through you, do X indig-
nanto protest against the mannor of the treatment
of of this Republic, arrested on mere suspi-
cion, tarown into prison, confined twenty-tvro out of
the twenty-four hours, miserably fed, denied tho
rights and respect due them, paraded before perju-
rers, pimps, and other vile characters. I feel the
etimna ca-t- upon myself as an American, and also
the humiliation Attached to the acccptance of the
imposed conditions, and through you, as my Repre-
sentative in Cougrcs.sdo I protest against the action
of William B. West as United States consul at Dub-
lin." * * * * "On behalf of other
Americans still incarcerated in Jdountjoy and othef
prison- in Ireland I place? this in your hands, hoping
it will have the desired effect to alleviate their dis-
trcss and obtain for them that boon which Ameri-
cans pride themselves upon—liberty.
"In eloping I merely remark that as & native Ameri-
can I have conscientiously discharged my duty to
myself and to others, native aud naturalized, who.
still remain incarcerated in her liritannic majesty's
dominions." ' i
These extracts give the points in the corre-
spondence between himself and Consul West.
The 0ay after his arrest he demandedan instaut
and unconditional release. - i
Three days afterward the consul states he
would not be justified in taking measures for [
his relief without evidence of his citizenship i
and proof of his birth in the United States ;
and concludes that of course lie assumes he
had iu no way been implicated in the Fenian
movement. Indeed, Consul West seemed to '
say tha;
: if he (Rogers) had been implicated in
the Fen ian movement he would not interfere
in any way to give him the benefit of his Amer-
ican citizenbhijj. April 16 Consul West had
received proof of his being a native citizen, j
and wrote to him that he had so informed the j
secretary of the lord lieutenant, requesting— i
"That in case you were found not to have trans- 1
grossed any law of this country he would be pleased
tfl order your release at the earliest moment, to which
I have received a reply asking me, for the informa-
tion of his excellency, if on being released you would
undertake to return at once to tho United States, i
which evoked my letter to you of the 13th of April." 1
The consul in this letter of April 13 had j
asked Rogers if he would comply with such
request of the lord lieutenant to leave the |
country .on being released, but that in comply-
ing with that condition he (Rogers) should act
on his own judgment. Rogers asked to obtain
leave to remain in Dublin one month. This
through the consul was denied. This young
American citizen, charged with no crime, un-
convicted and unaccused, was gravely informed
that he could be re 1 eased#on being conveyed
-by the constabulary to the port of embarkation,
never to show his American face again in her
majesty's dominions, or he was to remain in
jail indefinitely during the pleasure, or rather
displeasure, of the British authorities; and
Consul West, without any hint that he could
otherwise be released or that he would demand
his release, left him to take his choice : and
concludes:
" You were, left by me at perfect liberty to accept
or reject, as you had the right to do, any terms that
were offered to you as tho condition of your release."
Here was this young American, in a loathsome
jail, without money, out of health, unconvicted,
unaccused, informed that he could choose
between indefinite imprisonment and ineffable
degradation, and neither consul nor minister
seemed even to think that there was any alter-
native but craven submission.
In closing his correspondence with Mr. West,
Rogers sa\s, May 2o, 1867:
Onnext Wednesday morning Itake mydepqrture
Irom tui* country, threatened with rearrest in ease I
return, lean i lot close this letter without expressing,
as a native-born citizen, my unqualified disapproval
of the treatment I huve received by the United States
Government. , , 4 . * * "Indisputable
as were the proofs of nativity, yet I have failed to
receive that which was guarantied, namely, protec-
tion from imprisonment in ease I liul not trans-
gressed the law of the country wherein imprisoned,
but instead of winch forced to sign a discharge which
is repugnant to tho feelings of everv American.
However, this is a matter between the American
people and their Government, and I leave this dis-
puted question, being well assured that tho voice of
the people wiil ultimately prevail, and th" right of
the citizen will be protected on foreign soil.'
It will be seen that Rogers mentions the
number of his picture as 644, and that Condon
: says that some ninety or one hundred Aroeri-
■ can citizens were in prison with him. These
statements may give some idea how crowded
British prisons are with unconvicted and unac-
cused American citizens, whose groans echo
through the filthy cells and against the damp
walls of their dungeons, and American consuls
and American ministers are as deaf as those
walls to those groans of their suffering country-
men.
Captain Condon gives the names of a few of
these prisoners, with their services to our coun-
try : Colonels John II. Gleason, Irish brigade;
Denis F. Burke, Irish brigade : John N. By-
ron, Irish brigade; Michael Kirwin. Jersey
cavalry: Captains James Moran, third Rhode
Island infantry; Lawrence O' Brien, nin th Con-
necticut volunteers: John Warren, sixty-third
Irish brigade; Joseph Oleeson, at surrender of
Lee; J. Emmet Quinn, John Carroll, James
A. Byrnes, D. C. Moynahan, Michael O'Brien,
Daniel J. Mykins, Thomas II. O'Brien, James
Bible, Thomas M. Holden ; Lieutenants Man-
rice Fitzharris, Army of Potomac; Eneas Do-
herty, John Joyce, John J. Nolan; Sergeants
Patrick Smith. Army of Potomac, artillery;
William J. Nicholson.
All these officers and soldiers were held in
! Irish prisons from five to eighteen months with-
out any charge being made against them. I
might mention that Captain Condon returned to
Ireland in 1807 : was four months again in jail,
; then tried and acquitted, and yet was keptsev-
| eral weeks in jail after acquittal.
j I might mention that since I addressed the
i House on Monday last i received a letter from
Colonel Naglo, dated Kilmainham jail, Dublin,
November 14, 1807. in which he says:
" Circumstanced ns I am here I cannot enter upon
any argument to show how monstrous is the doctrine
announced and the right sought to be established
over the words and acts, yea, cveu tho thoughts
of American citizens, by the British Government—an
assumption of power which, if allowed, strikes at tho
very root of our whole American system, declares
i one third of our people subjects of foreign Powers,
jt proclaim;* 6ur ^naturalization la.ws a farce, or worse,
Ij a deceitful fraud, inducing men to renounce all
I foreign allegiance, (whn;h. according to English law,
j is an act of treason,1 and exacting of them all the
[I duties and burdens of citizenship, and, when the issue
i is made, neglects or refuses to give them the proteo-
J; tion guarantied by our Government. But I cannot
| think for a moment that so momentous a question J
will be permitted to remain unsettled, or that the
Government airl peopie of the United States will
allow Colonel Warrpn to becouoo another victim to
the despotic rule of British authority, which first
drives patriotic men from the land of their birth to
seek that prosperity and freedom and justice denied
them by her oppressive laws, and now proclaim? h$r
right to stilly bold them as subjects, and place a seal
upon their hps and chains upon their limbs, and con-
sign thein to the convict prison for daring to express
their abhorrence of the power which has despoiled
aud desolated their native land. No! America must,
for her own honor, meet this issue. This question
must bo settled, our citizens mast bo respected, and
their libarty held inviolate.''
lie then goes on to state the facts in his
own case, requesting me to briug it before
Cong ress ; and that if allowed, he will for-
ward a memorial to both Houses of Congress.
His trial is put off to the Sligo assizes in April
next. He will then be nearly ft year in prison
in solitary confinement, subject to the same
treatiueut with convicted felons. He is kept
in prison while the Government is purchasing
or suborning witnesses for the informer's fees
and the perjurer's reward ; offers of money,
liberty, and official position are made to pris-
oners to swear agaiust their fellow-prisoners,
and threats of transportation or the convict
gang if they fail to testify.
I intended to recapitulate the facts in other
cases, but enough has been said to call the
serious, prompt, and energetic attention of all
brauch.es of our Government to this subject.
To show the inconsistency of the British
Government, upon this doctrine of perpetual
allegiancc, 1 will here read a letter sent from
the Foreign Oificcto the mother of anaturalized
citizen of America asking action on their own
theory that he was still a subject. It was
written teu or eleven years ago, and reads
thus:
Foreign Offics, January 8,1857.
Mad-am: I,am directed by the Earl of Clarendon to
aoknowleds* the receipt of your letter of the 15th
ultimo, inclosing a representation which you have
addressed to the Secretary of State of the United
Mates, with the viewot obtainingcomi<ensation from
that Government for the murder ot jtsurson at Gren-
ada, ill .Nicaragua. Your ton, it appears, though by
birth a subject of her majesty, emigrated to the Uni-
ted States in" the year 1842, aDd in the twenty-first
year of his age, with the intention of permanently
residing there, and becoming a citizen of that Repub-
lic; lie subsequently became naturalized as a citizen
of the United States, and took the oath of allegiance
to that Government; and he proceeded to and estab-
lished himself at Grenada as a citizen of the United
States. It is not clear from your letter whether,
before or at the time of his murder, he had taken any
part in the war of which Nicaragua is the theater;
but at nil events at thetiiue of hisdeath he considered
himself to be a citizen of tho United States, and as
such sought protection from their ildg by hoisting it
over his door. >
Undersuch circumstances Lord Clarendon, however
much he may regret the logs you have sustained, feels
himself compelled to decline tomake any application
to the Government of the United States on your
behalf. Your son as far as in him lay, deliberated
renounced his conneotjon with this country, and died
acitiz&n of the United States, It must therefore be
left to thatGoverniaent to act as it may think proper
with regard to your application.
I am, madam, your most obedient, humble servant,
G. HAMMOND.
Mrs. Lawless, 5 Sydney avenue. Black lloc!:, Dublin,
1 rejoice to'say that this subject of protect-
ing American citizens against the doctrine of
perpetual allegiance is creating great excite-
ment throughout the country. I tried to rouse
public attention to it at our last meeting. On
the first day of onr present meeting, on the
21st of last month, I made a more successful
attempt. Two days afterward, November 23,
a meeting in Cincinnati, estimated at fifty
thousand persons, passed the following resolu-
tion by unanimous acclamation:
"Resolved, That it is the sense of this meeting to
request the members of Congress from Ohio to use
their offorts to present and hnvo passed a resolution
instructing the United States Government to take
immediate action in relation to all American citi-
zens, whether by birth or adoption, who arc now in
tilts British dungeons of Canada, Ireland, and Eng-
land, and who have been convicted by packed jurios
and partial judges for no crimo but being suspected
of l'euianisrn."
On the same evening, November 23, a mass
meeting of soldiers of our late war, estimated
at seven thousand, assembled at Cooper Insti-
tute, in the city of New York, at which a com-
mittee was appointed to visit this city to urge
this matter on the attention of Congress. At
that meeting the following resolutions were
adopted, as the next morning's Herald reports,
with loud, long, and repeated applause:
"Whereas according to the Constitution and laws
of tho United States of America tho adopted citizens
thereof are entitled to all the rights and privileges,
as well as subject to all the responsibilities, of those
who have acquired their citizenship hy tho mere
' accident of birth and whereas it is tho obvious
duty of the American Government to protect the
lives and liberties of all the citizens of this Republic,
.and to vindicate and enforce to the fullest extent
their just rights and privileges as such whenever or
wherever violated, at home or abroad, whether by
private individuals or by regularly organized Govern-
ments; and whereas should any citizen of this coun-
try bocharged with violating tho laws of any foreign
country ho is entitled to a trial before a jury com-
posed ono half of citizens or subjects of such foreign
country resident therein and one half of persons
wlm owe no allcgiance to the Government of said
foreign country; and whereas Colonel John Warren,
a citizen of these United States, having been accused
of a violation of the laws of Great Britain, has been
recently refuse! that common right by which all
American citizens are entitled to be tried by a mixed
jury, composed half of British subjects and half of
foreigners; and whereas many citizens of the United
States, of nativo as well as f^re.itrn birthj have been
unjustly and arbitrarily incarcerated in British pris-
ons, where many of them lie still immured without
having  ny specific charso preferred against them;
and whereas tho Government of tho United States is
bound in duty, in honor, and in rratitude to take
prompt and oiFcctive measured for the redress of the
manifold wrongs which our iellow-ettizens have suf-
fered at tho hands of the British authorities: Be it
therefore,
Resolved, That the Irish-born citizen soldiers of
this Republic arc in a peculiar manner conecrned to
press upon Congress and the Government the great
question of their actual standins? as American citi-
zens raised by the late arrchts and criminal trials in
Ireland and Kngland. Thoao Irish-born soldiers who
have but recently emerged from the hori rs and
slaughter of a great war in defense of tho Ha; of their
adopted country, which Hag they did fully believe
would give them its protecting shelter against the
claim1; to their allegiance of any Power on the face
pf the earth, except only the United Slates of Amer-
ica: and,
llctolvcd. That in forswearing all allcgiance and
obedience to tho sovereign of England—asthoywere
