1390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
right, as was contended by many it would, has
served only to stimulate and embolden him in
his treasonable purposes, and in order to exe-
cute them he lias at length set at defiance and
trampled under his feet a law passed by the
Congress of the United States.
Sir, it does seem to me that after the cata-
logue of crimes committed by him against the
liberties of the people it is high time that their
Representatives were taking him in hand and
enforcing the decrees of justice against him.
I am pained to see gentlemen on t.he other side
of this Hall standing up in his defense and
warning us that if we proceed in this case and
impeach the President and remove him from
power that it will inaugurate civil war, and
again redden this land with blood. Sir, no
speeches of that character can alarm or drive
me from my duty. I know what war is. I
have endured its hardships, seen its calamities,
and tasted its woes. No man deplores it more
than I; but, sir,.I have no fears of war or
bloodshed if we but go forward and do our
duty and remove this man, if found guilty of
crime, from power; but, on the contrary, we
will relieve the country of the great disturber
of its peace and happiness and the obstructor
of its prosperity.
1 hear it asked by some on the other side of
this Hall what is it that Audrew Johnson has
done that he should be impeached? i answer
that he lias, in violation ot the Constitution of
the United States, and of the tenure-of-office
bill, undertaken to remove Edwin M. Stanton
as Secretary of War and appoint his successor
ad interim during the session of Congress
without the advice or consent of the Senate
of the United States. Why is it that he has
undertaken thus to trample under foot the
Constitution and laws of the country, and to
remove from office the great war officer of this
nation? It is because that officer thwarts his
treasonable plans, and prevents his arming
rebels and using the war power of this Gov-
ernment to perpetuate him in office, and to
force upon the country his policy of recon-
struction, which would again place rebels in
power, put the loyal men of this country at
their mercy, and thus render the war a failure.
Sir, this country will never have relief until this
usurper, this mail of authority, is removed from
his high office for his crimes. When that is
done the people, instead of sinking under the
great shock to the nation, will be seized with
new hopes and energies, and hail their deliver-
ance from the rule of Andrew Johnson as the
proudest day since the surrender of Lee's
army. Having but a few moments allotted to
me 1 have no time further to discuss the ques-
tion now pending for our consideration, in
conclusion, let me ask every frieud of liberty,
law, and justice to stand fast, and not falter in
the great duty before him. I approve the res-
olution, and hope that it will pass.
Messrs. BUCKLAND, LAWRENCE of
Ohio, WELKEti, ARNELL, and NUNN next
addressed the House. [See Appendix.]
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, it
is not my purpose to occupy the time of the
House in any elaborate defense of the vote I
shall give in favor of the momentous question
now submitted to the judgment and conscience
of this body. The constituency I have the
honor to represent upon this lloor require no
such defense at my hands, in common with
a large minority I heretofore voted in favor of
the impeachment of this great political ciim-
inai. Not alone, sir, because in this instance
he has violated the express provisions of a
statute, because he has placed himself in op-
position on this point to the Constitution, shall
I give my vote in the affirmative on the pending
proposition.- For many months I have been
ready for this issue. For many months past,
expressing not simply my own convictions, but
those of the gallant, people who sent me here,
1 have not doubted the plain duty that was
beiore us as Representatives of the American
people, nor for one moment swerved from a
firm conviction that, sooner or later, " to this
complexion mustit come at last." The people
of Kansas sent me back to the Fortieth Con-
fress to vote for the impeachment of Andrew
olinson. The infamous record made by the
President was presented to them.
In their name—that of a people in whose
midst the first forcible usurpation was at-
tempted ; whose blood was the first shed in
defense of liberty assailed by treason ; whose
State organization wa's barely recognized when
the signal gun at Sumter proclaimed the open-
ing of the slaveholders' rebellion; but who
gave more men and lives proportionally to their
numbers than any other of the loyal States for
the suppression of that rebellion—in the name
of a people thus educated and strengthened,
I stand ready to vote for the impeachment of
Andrew Johnson, not only for this latest '• high
crime and misdemeanor/' but because he has
been guilty of many others.
In the name of the people I represent I
charge Andrew Johnson, acting President of
the G'nited States, with having usurped the
legislative functions of this Government, and
by means of the authority thus wrongfully ob-
tained and for purposes inimical to the preser-
vation of the integrity and security of the
Union, sought to reestablish in power the
unrepentant enemies of the Republic.
Andrew Johnson is guilty before the bar of
a loyal public opinion of having thus attempted
to replace in power within ten States, whose
governments had been subverted by armed
treason, the man who had directed that treason.
I believe him gnilty of a deliberate conspiracy
to destroy by treacherous plots the fruits of the
victory which patriotic sacrifices had won.
I believe him guilty of deliberately seeking
the enlargement—with a purpose inimical to
republican institutions—of the executive office,
taking unto himself more than imperial pow-
ers, and insolently denying to the supreme and
sovereign law-making function of the Govern-
ment the right to examine into these acts.
I believe him guilty of seeking to control the
exercise of the franchise; dictating, within the
rebellious regions, who should or should not
be voters; what laws should or should not be
passed; what acts he required to be or not to
be done.
I believe him guilty of appointing officers
unknown to the law; of nullifying law in that
he has caused the payment of persons th,us
illegally appointed by him who could not take
the oath of office required by the statutes of
this land; of corruptly using the pardoning
power for the condonation of the crimes of
traitors, and for the purpose of restoring them
to political power and privileges; of having
fraudulently restored property taken from
rebels and properly held by the Government,
alike by the laws of war and the statutes of
the land.
I believe him guilty in denying to Congress
the rightful exercise of its powers and prerog-
atives; in impeding the course of legislation
by a corrupt use of the veto power, and in con-
stant endeavors to bring the national Legislature
into disrepute, and make it the subject of revo-
lutionary violence by seditious and inflammatory
harangues addressed to disorderly assemblages;
in that he has sought to excite violence against
the persons of members of the American Con-
gress as well as against other equally honored
citizens of the land ; in that he has attempted
to inflame the vilest passions of the disloyal
and disorderly by allegations of fears of assas- j
sination and by the perversion of history ; in j
that he has brought his high office into disrepute i
by making of himself a demagogue, seeking to ;
arouse all the hateful passion which defeated I
treason and open sympathy therewith had left j
in the land. 1 believe him guilty of aiding and |
abetting in the murder of thousands of loyal :
citizens throughout the South; in that he has
encouraged the spirit of rebellion and incited i
the hand of the traitor to renewal of persecu- I
tion, mob law, and assassination. |
In the eye of history and before the loyal
people of this land Andrew Johnson stands I
convicted of the two hundred and more mur-
ders of loyal men which at New Orleans a year
and a half ago startled the nation with their
enormity.
Andrew Johnson, in my judgment, is guilty
as inciter and provoker of the nameless crimes
which have been inflicted upon the freedrnen
of the South ; the two thousand murders known
to have been committed in the State of Texas
alone; and of the thousands of similar atroci-
ties which have afflicted the loyal citizens, white
and colored, throughout the rebel States.
He is guilty of aiding and abetting the con-
spiracy by which republican government has
been overthrown in the State by which we are
surrounded, and in the streets of whose prin-
cipal city blood would long since have flowed
if he could have corrupted thegreat soldier into
whose hands the military power of the Repub-
lic has, so happily for its welfare, been com-
mitted.
For all these and many other acts of a sim-
ilar character; for a long course of treacherous
procedure, for transcending all mere partisan
detrayal, and afflicting the land with disorder,
unsettling all business, and making the hearts
and homes of the patriotic heavier with suspi-
cion and darker with dread than resulted from
all the sorrows of the war, because Andrew-
Johnson has for his own vile ends, his mad
and selfish ambition, his obstinate and per-
verted passions, been guilty of these and other
crimes, I stand ready, as always, to vote for
his impeachment, i do it with alacrity, be-
cause 1 believe that a successful removal of
this political criminal is the surest means of
preventing that renewal of civil war tor which
i believe and charge here in my place and iu
the name of the people I represent, the Presi-
dent of the Linked States to have been steadily
working.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Buooks,] whose eloquence and learning
we all admire as heartily as we contemn and
oppose his principles, warned us, as he has
often done before, that we are in the midst of
a revolutionary epoch ; thai we are approach-
ing its last stage and are traversing the same
roads that history records of other represent-
ative Governments. The remarks that gentle-
man indulges iu are similar to those used iu a
somewhat famous speech delivered in front of
the White House just two years ago. It seems
to me, sir, that, with but two or three excep-
tions, gentlemen on this side of the House have
failed in realizing the philosophy of the great
contest through which we are passing.
Sir, I deny that history nowhere shows that
representative institutions have been over-
thrown by legislative bodies. The dangers to
which representative Governments are exposed
grow from'the constant tendency of the execu-
tive oflice to enlarge its functions. The fact
that there is a deliberate purpose persistently
pursued to persuade the American people
that their liberties are in danger from the
popular branch ot the Government demands
that some reference should be made to the
falsehood of the _ charge. Especially is this
befitting when, in resisting the active en-
croachments of the Executive and the con-
stant attempt to enlarge the powers of that
bianch, we are met to act upon the groat pre-
rogative of impeachment, placed in our hands
as the final instrument, ol protection against
such acts by the Constitution itself.
Gentlemen must not lose sight of the great
fact surrounding all the events of the past two
years, a fact which even subordinates the work
of reconstruction itself. The battle we have
been waging with a recreant and reckless Pres-
ident hits meant more than the proper rehabil-
itation ol the treason cursed and war-stricken
South, it was more fundamental even It
was the struggle, sir, common, as I have re-
mained before, to all representative govern-
ments; that struggle sure to come between the
executive and the legislative functions. The
former, from its very nature, seeks to obtain
power; the latter seeks to restrain power; the
