356
SUPPLEMENT TO
from office, whether the act of Congress was
constitutional or not. thathewasabsolutelypro-
hibited irom removing from office, and if he
did remove from office, although the Constitu-
tion allowed him to remove, yet the Constitu-
tion eould not protect him for removing, but
that the act of Congress seizing upon him could
draw him in here by impeachment and subject
him to judgment for violating the law though
maintaining the Constitution, and that the Con-
stitution pronounced sentence of condemnation
and infamy upon him for having worshiped its
authority and sought to maintain it, and that
the authority of Congress has that power and
extent practically, you tear asunder your Con-
stitution, and (if on these grounds you dismiss
this President from this court convicted and
deposed) you dismiss him the victim of the
Congress and the martyr of the Constitution
by the very terms of your judgment, and you
throw open for the masters of us all in the great
debates of an intelligent, instructed, populous,
patriotic nation of freemen the division of sen-
timent to shake this country to its center, " the
omnipotence of Congress" as the rallying cry
on one sirle, and " the supremacy of the Con-
stitution" on the other.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. Mr. President, I move
an intermission for liftcen minutes.
The motion was agreed to ; and after the
expiration of the recess the Chief Justice re-
sumed the chair and called the Senate to order.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. Chief Justice, 1 move a
call of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
call the roll.
The Chief Clerk called the roll.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. There are forty-
two Senators answering to their names. A
quorum is present. The counsel for the Pres-
ident will proceed.
Mr. EYARTS. There is but one other
topic that I need to insist upon here as bearing
upon that part of my argument which is in-
tended to exhibit to the clear apprehension,
and I hope adoption, of this court, the view
that- all here that possesses weight and dignity,
that really presents the agitating contest which
has been proceeding between the departments
of our Government, is political and not crim-
inal, or suitable for judicial cognizance; and
that is what seems to me the decisive test in
your judgments and in your consciences ; and
that, is the attitude I hat every one oi'you already
in your public action occupies toward this
subject.
The Constitution of the United Stales never
intended so to coerce and constrain the con-
sciences and the duties of men as to bring them
into the position of judges between themselves
and another branch of government in regard
to matters of difference between themselves
and that other branch of government in mat-
ters which concerned wholly the partition of
authority under the Constitution between them-
selves and that other department of the Gov-
ernment. The eternal principles of justice are
implied in the constitution ot'eveiy court, and
there are no more immutable, no more inev-
itable principles than these, that no man shall
be a judge in his own cause, and that no man
shall be a judge in a matter in which he has
already given judgment. It is abhorrent totlie
natural sense of justice that men should judge
in their own cause. It is inconsistent with
nature itself that man should assume an oath
and hope to pel form it by being impartial ill
his judgment when lie lias already formed it.
The crimes that a President may have imputed
to him that may bring him into judgment of
the Senate an* crimes against the Constitution
or the laws involving turpitude or personal
delinquency.
They are crimes m which it is inadmissable
to imagine that the Senate should be commit-
ted as parties at all. They are crimes which,
however much the necessary reflection of po-
litical opinions may bias the personal judg-
ment of this or that member, or all the mem-
bers of the body—an infirmity in the court
which cannot be avoided—yet. it must be pos-
sible only that they should give a color or a
turn and not be themselves the very basis and
substance of the judgment to be rendered.
When, therefore, 1 show you as from the re-
cords of the Senate that you yourselves have
voted upon this law whose constitutionality is
to be determined, and that the question of
guilt or innocence arises upon constitutionality
or judgment of constitutionality, when you have
in your capacity of a Senate undertaken after
the alleged crime committed, as an act suitable
in your judgment to be performedby you in your
relation to the executive authority and your duty
under this Government to pronounce, as you
did by resolution, that the removal of Mr. Stan-
ton and the appointment of General Thomas
were not authorized by the Constitution and
the laws, you either did or did not regard that
as a matter of political action ; and if you re-
garded it as a matter of political action, then
you regarded it as a matter that could not pos-
sibly be brought before you in your judicial
capacity for you to determine upon any per-
sonal consequences to the Executive. How
was it a matter for political action unless it was
a matter of his political action and the contro-
versy was wholly of a political nature? If you,
on the other hand, had in your minds the pos-
sibility of this extraordinary jurisdiction being
brought into play by a complaint to be moved
by the House of Representatives before you,
what an extraordinary spectacle do you pre-
sent to yourselves and to the country? No;
the controlling, the necessary feeling upon
which you acted must have been that " it is a
stage and a step in governmental action con-
cerning which we give this admonition and
this suggestion and this reproof."
In IMIH, when the Senate of the United
States was debaling the question of the resolu-
tion condemnatory of General Jackson's pro-
ceedings in reference to the deposits and Mr.
Duiine, the question was raised, "Can you,
will you, should you pronounce opinion upon a
matter of this kind when possibly it may be
made the occasion, if your views arc right, of
an impeachment and of a necessary trial?"
The answer of the great and trusted statesmen
of the Whig party of that day was, " If there
was in the atmosphere a whisper, if there was
in the future a menace, if there was a hope or
a fear, accordingly as we may think or feel,
that impeachment was to come, debate must
be silenced and the resolution suppressed."
But they recognized the fact, that it was mere
political action that was being resorted to, and
that was or was to be possible; but the com-
plexion of the House, and the sentiment of the
the House, and the attitude of the Senate as
claiming it only to be matter of political dis-
cussion and determination, absolutely rejected
the notion of impeachment, and labored, there-
fore, the debate a political debate and the con-
clusion a political conclusion.
'There is but one proposition that consists
with the truth of the case and with the situa-
tion of you, Senators, here, and that is that
you regarded this as political action and polit-
ical decision, not by possibility a matter of
judgment on a subject to be introduced for
judicial consideration. It is not true that that
resolution does not cover guilt; it, only ex-
presses an opinion that the state of the law and
the authority of the Constitution did not cover
the action of the President, but it does not im-
pute violence or design or wickedness of pur-
pose, or other than a justifiable difference of
!i opinion to resort to an arbiter between you.
'■ But, even in that limited view, I take it no Sen-
j ator can think or feel that, as a preliminary
j part of the judgment of a court that was to
I end in acquittal or conviction, this proceeding
could be for a moment justified.
The two gravest articles of impeachment
against the weightiest trial ever introduced into
| this court, those oil which as large a vote of
condemnation was gained as upon any others,
were the two articles against Judge Chase, one
of which brought him ill question for coining
to the trial of Fries, in Pennsvlvnnia. with a
formed andpronounced opinion; and another,
the third, was for allowing a juryman to enter
the box on the trial of Callender, at Richmond,
who stated that he had formed an opinion.
I would like to see a court of impeachment
that regards this as great matter that a judge
should come to a trial and pronounce a con-
demnation of the prisoner before the counsel
are heard, and .should allow a juryman to enter
the box who excused himself from having a
free mind on the point discussed as he had
formed an opinion, and yet that should tell us
that you having formed and expressed an opin-
ion are to sit here judges on such a matter as
this. What is there but an answer of this kind
necessary ? the Constitution never brings a
Senate into an inculpation and a condemnation
of a President upon matters in which and of
which the two departments of the Government
in their political capacities have formed and
expressed political opinions. It is of other
matter and of other fault, in which there are
no parties and no discriminations of opinion.
It is of offense, of crime, in which the common
rules held by all of duty, of obligation, of
excess, or of sin, are not determinable upon
political opinions formed and expressed in
debate.
But the other principle is equally contra-
vened, and ^his aids my argument that it is
political and not personal or criminal; it is
that you are to pass judgment of and concern-
ing the question of the partition of the offices
of this Government between the President and
yourselves. The very matter of his fault is
that he claims them ; the very matter of liis
condemnation is that you have a right to them;
and you, aided by the list furnished by the
Managers, of forty-one thousand in number
and $21,000,000 of annual emolument, are to
sit here us judges whether his false claim and
his appeal to a common arbiter in a matter of
this kind is to be imputed to him as personal
guilt and followed by personal punishment.
How would any of us like to be tried before
a judge who, if he condemned us, would have
our houses, and if he acquitted us we should
have his? So sensitive is the natural sense of
justice on this point that the whole country
was in a blaze by a provision in the fugitive
slave law that a commissioner should have but
five dollars if he set the slave free and ten dol-
lars if he remanded him. Have honorable
judges of this court forgotten that crisis of the
public mind as to allowing a judge to have an
interest in the subject of his judgment? Have
they forgotten that the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts in the debate upon this tenure-
of-ollice act thought that political bias might
affect a court so that it might give judgment
of but nominal punishment for an infraction of
the act; and yet you are full of politics. Why ?
Because the question is political; and the
whole point of my reference, is as an absolute
demonstration that the Constitution of the
United States neverforces honorable men into
a position where they arc judges in their own
cause or where they have in the course of their
previous duties expressed a judgment.
1 have omitted from this consideration the
fact that the great office itself, if by your judg-
ment it shall be taken from the elected head
of this Republic, is to be put in commission
with amember of your own body chosen to-day,
and to-morrow, at any time, by yourselves, and
that you are taking the crown of the people's
magistracy and of the people's glory to deco-
i rate the honor of the Senate. An officer who
! by virtue of your favor holds the place of Pres-
\ ident pro tempore of your body adds the Presi-
! deney to its duties by the way; and an officer
changeable from day to day by you as you
! choose to have a new President pro tempore,
| who by the same title, takes from day to day the
discharge of the duties of President of the
United States.
When the prize is that, and when the cir-
cumstances are as I have stated, Senators must
decline a jurisdiction upon this demonstration
i that human nature and human virtue cannot
> endure that men should be judges in such a
