2414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Mr. B ARNSWORTH. We have also in addi-
tion to the names recommended by the conven-
tion inserted a few other names; and so fearful
were? the committee, I may say, in passing with
reference to the names recommended by the
convention, that we scrutinized the entire list
in connection with gentlemen from North Car-
olina who were acquainted with those names,
aad we have stricken out several of them. Wo
struck out all persons with regard to whom we
could ascertain that there was any doubt either
as to their loyalty during the war or as to their
conduct since the war, and have only put into
our bill the names'of those about whom there
is no doubt. They are either men who were
loyal daring the war and incurred disabilities
by reason of holding some otlice in the State
or else they are men who have since the war
accepted the reconstruction measures of Con-
gress in good faith and are acting in hearty
accord with the loyal people of the State in
reconstructing the State government.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Is there not some evi-
dence against Mr. Holden ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In addition to that
we have incorporated in the bill the names of
State officers elected in North Carolina, some
of whose names are in the list and some are
not. We have incorporated, for instance, the
names of Mr. Caldwell, lieutenant governor,
Mr. Adams, State auditor, Mr. Harris, super-
intendent of the public works, Judges Pear-
son, Dick, Settle, and ileade, of the supreme
court, and Judges Thomas, Russell, Logan,
and Mitchell, of the superior court; also the
names of Nathaniel Boyden and Oliver II.
Dockery, members-elect of Congress.
Now, I will state with regard to these State
officers elected in North Carolina, that only
one of them ever held any office in the rebel
army. He was for a short time a captain, and
only for a short time. The other gentlemen,
whose names are included, incurred disabilities
by reason of holding some State office. Mr.
Boyden was a member of the Legislature of
North Carolina during the war. He took no
part in the war, and was known in his region
of the State as a loyal man who opposed the
war from first to last.
Mr. SPALDING. He lived at Salisbury.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He lived at Salis-.
bury, and was well known by all our prisoners^'
there who knew anything of him to be in sym-
pathy with the Union Army. He was known
while a member of the Legislature as the author
of what was called the Boyden personal liberty
bill—so I think they styled it—which provided
that any man conscripted into the rebel army
should have the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus. One of the rebel officers threatened
to break up the Legislature and prevent the
passage of that bill. He incurred disability
by reason of his being a member of the Legis-
lature, aud by no other act. He held 110 other
office by which he was disabled. Mr. Dookery,
another member-elect of Congress, incurred
disability 111 a similar manner.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have one other re-
mark to make in regard to the State officers.
By the constitution of North Carolina, which
is now before the House, it is provided that
the offices of the existing provisional State
government shall be vacated within ten days
after Congress shall have approved their con-
stitution. They will have no State officers,
therefore, after we shall have approved their
State constitution and admitted them to rep-
resentation, except the officers elected under
that constitution. The officers whose names
are in this bill cannot lake the oath of office
under that State constitution unless these dis-
abilities are removed, and the State will there-
lore be left without officers to carry ou the
uorfernment unless a bill of this kind is passed.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man, in order to test the impartiality of this
bill, whether any of the persons named in this
bill, from whom disabilities are removed, have
been known to act recently with any other than
the Republican party?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir; the gen-
tleman of whom I have just spoken, Mr. Boy-
den, from the Salisbury district, was elected
to Congress on what was called the Conserva-
tive ticket; he ran against the Republican can-
didate for Congress.
Mr. BOYEK. Can the gentleman name any
other?
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Well, I do not know
whether I can. I cannot tell whether A or B
is with the Republican party, or any other
party. I will say to the gentleman that the
committee have not examined the names with
reference to ascertaining with which party the
men act.
Mr. BOY'ER. Can the gentleman inform the
House how many names there are altogether
included in the bill ?
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I think about two
hundred. I am not certain ; there may be
more or less.
Mr. ROBINSON. As the gentleman is an-
swering questions, 1 would inquire whether all
the members-elect of Congress from North
Carolina who require this absolution receive
it in this bill?
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I think the other
members-elect of Congress from that State do
not require it; they are not subjected ta any
disability.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Boyden is a mem-
ber-elect, and it is understood that he would
require some absolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. It is understood
that he is laboring under this disability, and so
is Mr. Dockery, who was elected to Congress
on what was known as the Republican ticket.
Mr. ROBINSON. 1 have another question
to ask. Does this bill apply to all who need
absolution ?
Mr. FARNSWORTII. This bill, as I un-
derstand it, embraces all the members-elect, of
Congress from the State who require that dis-
abilities should be removed.
Mr. ROBINSON. Who are elected to Con-
gress ?
Mr. FARNSWORTII. All who are elected
to Congress.
Mr. ROBINSON. You understand that?
Mr. FAIiNSWO RT1I. I do.
Mr. ROBINSON. That being satisfactory,
I will ask another question. The gentleman
from Illinois has again and again said that
these names are recommended fur this purpose
by the convention of North Carolina. Is the
House to understand from him that it was a
unanimous recommendation ? How was that
recommendation expressed, in what mode,
and was it unanimous?
Mr. FARNSWORTII. If the gentleman
had attended to the reading of the report and
resolution from that convention he would have
had no ueed to ask the question.
Mr. ROBINSON. I have been trying to
attend. The gentleman can answer the ques-
tion without referring to the report.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
it was unanimous; at least it does not appear
that there were any votes against it. The res-
olution adopted by the convention was sent
here to the House of Representatives with the
list of names recommended.
Mr. HARDIN G. I would inquire whether
any of the names 011 this list were formerly on
the rolls of the Army or Navy of the United
States?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think not any. I
am not sure, but I think there is not a name
upon this list that was formerly on the rolls of
the Army or Navy.
This bill applies only to North Carolina.
There are a good many names in the bill, be-
cause there are a few names from each county
in the State. The different delegates in the
constitutional convention handed in to the
committee appointed to investigate this matter
the names of such persons in their respective
counties and districts as they felt sure were in
hearty accord with the measures of Congress
and were loyal men and deserved to have the
disability removed. Those names were all
referred to the committee appointed by the
convention and reported upon, and the con-
vention adopted a resolution recommending
them for relief from disability.
Mr. ROBINSON. Have you the yeas and
navs on that resolution ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir.
Mr. ROBINSON. Have you any record of
the number of votes for and against it?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is not customary
when State conventions or Legislatures send
resolutions to Congress to accompany them
with a copy of the journal showing the yeas
and nays upon their adoption.
Mr. ROBINSON. It would make all the
difference in the world if this list came here
unanimously. There is another question. I
find that this bill provides in the beginning
that we shall absolve these men from the diffi-
culties they have got into, the proposed four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution not-
withstanding. Can that be entertained? Is
that constitutional? Are you going to sweep
away everything for these privileged few, even
the amendment to the Constitution, which is
not yet adopted, and which you are trying to
adopt by the votes of these States ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not suppose
the House desires to discuss this question any
further. This report is made unanimously, I
believe, by the Committee on Reconstruction,
without a dissenting voice.
Mr. BROOKS. If the gentleman from
Illinois will permit me, I wish to say that I
was not present at the session of the Recon-
struction Committee when this long list of
pardons was presented ; but, so far as I am
concerned, I am in favor of the general prin-
ciple of pardon to all persons, whether they
belong to my political school or not, and the
only possible objection I could have to this bill
would be that it selects men of one particular
school of politics for pardon aud omits all
others, with one honorable exception, that of
Mr. Boyden, member-elect of Congress, who,
I see—and I hope the editor is misinformed—is
claimed by the official organ of the gentleman's
party as likely in all probability to vote with
that party. It appears, therefore, that in a
list of over two hundred names of those who
are likely to be pardoned there is scarcely one
doubtful Democrat included ; while all of the
other one hundred and ninety-nine belong to
the political party to which the gentleman be-
longs. 1 am sorry to see this merciful feeling
of pardon limited by political affiliations aud
associations. I hope that in due time—while I
will vote for this bill—the heart and mind and
judgment of honorable gentlemen upon the
other side will at least be so enlarged as to be
prepared to vote for a general amnesty.
While I am up permit me to say, also, to the
honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
woitTii] that, so far as I am able t.o judge from
the list of persons whose names are submitted
here for pardon, especially the State officers,
from the Governor-elect down, they were lead-
ers of the rebellion during the late war. more
or less efficient throughout. I am gratified to
see that so far as they at least arc concerned
tins principle of pardon is extended, while it
does not bestow a very high encomium upon
the Union party of North Carolina that they
have been obliged to resort to those who, if
they were not rebels in arms, were rebels in
council, even worse rebels than those in arms,
often inspiring those who were in arms by
providing for them the sinews of war. I sav it
is not very creditable to the Unionists of North
Carolina that they have been obliged to elect
as their State officers those who were promi-
nent 111 the rebellion. And it is now neces-
saiy, in order that the State government shall
be organized at all under the test-oaths and
jaws of the Lnited States, to resort in the first
instance to the two Houses of Congress for
pardon. &
I repeat, however, that I do not object to
tms. I do not wish to be understood as in any
degree opposing the pardon of almost any per-
son who presents himself here as willing to
take the oath of fidelity to the Constitution of
