3438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
Mr. FESSENDEN, Many of them are, and
many are not. They are scattered all over
wherever clerks are needed for the business
of the Treasury Department, as I understand.
Is not that so ?
Mr. SHERMAN. This appropriation is for
additional clerical force in the Treasury De-
partment, but 1 suppose they might be assigned
to duty elsewhere.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that additional
force was called for in the sub-Treasurer's
office in New York, and the persons employed
were paid out of this fund at one time.
Whether it is so now or not I do not know,
but I presume it to be so. At any rate, here
we have it; they arc employed,and they are,
as the Secretary of the Treasury says, neces-
sarily employed. There is no law authorizing
their employment permanently. Then what
will you do ? You must either dismiss them
altogether or make an appropriation to pay
them. The Senate can decide whether it will
take the responsibility of saying that these one
hundred and fifty or one hundred and sixty
clerks shall be dismissed. If the Senate refuse
to make the appropriation, of course they will
take the responsibility of whether the business
of the Department is done or not. So far as
I am concerned, 1 do not care a sixpence how
the Senate decide it. I have always voted for
the appropriation because 1 knew its necessity.
A word now in reference to a bill which
has been alluded to that I brought in and had
referred to the Committee on Finance. It was
a bill reorganizing the Treasury Department.
It makes the aggregate amount of salaries paid
somewhat more than they are now, but $>200,000
less than they are now with the twenty per cent,
added, which we gave last year, and which we
are called upon to give again. Undoubtedly
the salaries ought to be raised, or we ought to
give some percentage to a considerable por-
tion of the clerks. That bill gets rid of this
twenty per cent, business by reorganizing the
Department, raising a portion of the salaries,
and transferring men from one class into
another. I know as well as I know anything
that a considerable portion of the men in that
Department are paid much less than they ought
to receive, while a very considerable proportion
get all that they earn, and perhaps more too.
I think, for instance, that the first and second
class clerks who have families cannot support
their families with what they get, but I think
that young men, those who have no families,
can gel along very well with $1,200, and ought
not to have any more. But whether any dis-
tinction can be made or not it is for Congress
to decide. I stated at the time I offered that
bill that I thought some of the salaries pro-
vided for in it were too high. I did not draft
the bill. It was drafted at the Treasury De-
partment. I looked it over and 1 approved its
general scope, and I stated when I had it
referred to the Committee on Finance that I
considered some of the salaries too high, but
that could be eorrccted. The general idea of
the bill is a good one.
Now, sir, with reference to the fact stated by
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire,
it is undoubtedly true that in the Register's office
there has been a very large recent increase of
force. What is the reason of it? The reason
is that there is a very large arrear of business,
business which must be disposed of. The office
is getting behindhand on the coupons and other
things that come in there. That office has now
more work to do than it has people to do it
•with, but it cannot provide room for those
needed in order to do it. It is not a mere
appointment of people without wanting them;
they are needed. They will not be needed for
a long period of time. Probably a year or less
than a year will bring up this arrear of busi-
ness, so that a large portion of them can be
dispensed with, but at the present time they
are absolutely needed on account of the con-
dition of the work of that office.
Gentlemen argue as if the Secretary of the
Treasury had some-personal interest in this
matter. What inducement has the Secretary
of the Treasury to ask for a larger force than
he needs and for the appropriation of more
money than he can expend with advantage to
the Government? Does he spend it on his
own person? Can he withdraw it or use it for
any other purpose than that for which it is
appropriated? What does he want it for?
Does he want to gain the reputation of being
a very extravagant man in the administration
of the Department? Granting that he is as
faulty as the honorable Senator from Illinois
thinks he is, what inducement in the world has
he to employ more people there than he has
work for I should like to know. Why does
he want to swell the number of clerks in the
Department? Why does he want money appro-
priated for the purpose of paying these extra
clerks if he has not got business for thorn to
do? He comes here and says, ''I want so
many clerks," and he tells you the reason why
he wants them ; and the Senator from Illinois,
without knowing a thing of what is done there,
says this is astonishing i I do not pretend to
know much about it; but I know what was
needed at one time when I was there, and I
presume the same thing is needed now.
If wo do not choose to put into the Secre-
tary's hands $lf)0,000 for temporary clerks,
let the business stop, or else pass a law pro-
viding how many clerks shall be employed and
make the necessary appropriation; but that
lias not been thought to be wise, because when
you pass such a law they become permanent,
and you have to pass another law to get rid of
them, but when you simply provide from year
to year temporarily for them the moment they
are not needed their services can be dispensed
with. That is the reason this appropriation
has been made in this form from time to time.
The Senator asks, why put $180,000 in the
Secretaiy's hands to increase the pay of clerks?
If the Senator had troubled himself to knov
what lie was talking about, ho would know that
the amendment did not do any such thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This provision is that
he may classify them in his discretion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Classify thorn, but not
pay them extra. Does not the Senator under-
stand the difference between classifying and
paying extra?
Mr. SHERMAN. The same provision has
been in the law for eight years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have made the
provision for years in the same language, and
last year there was in the appropriation a clause
authorizing a part of the money to be used for
increasing the compensation of clerks; but
that is struck off this year, and $150,000 of the
appropriation is struck off with it. 1 believe
it would be wise to keep in that provision
still; but the Committee on finance think it
best to leave it off, and of course I yield to
their decision. Last year the appropriation
was $210,000, and in that appxopnation it was
provided that the Secretary was to use the
money for two purposes; in the first place, to
employ extra clerks, and in the next place to
raise the pay of certain clerks. This year an
appropriation of $150,000 is proposed instead
of $210,000, and the only way in which the
money can be used is to hire extra clerks. It
is also provided that the Secretary may classify
them; that he may put one into the fourth
class, another into the third, another into the
second, and another .into the first. That is
very proper, for he wants different kinds of
men for different work. He wants some men
for some work that cannot be performed by
men who would suffer themselves to be em-
ployed for SI,'200. That is a matter of discre-
tion with him. Will you leave no discretion
with the Secretary of the Treasury?
The question is a very simple one, and it is
for the Senate to decide. At this period of
the session I suppose you must do either one
of two things : either give this money or dis-
miss the men, and take the j esponsibilily of
having the business of the Department so far
interrupted. If any Senator thinks it is best
to have if interrupted, and that without this
provision there are clerks enough, in the face
of the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and in the face of the action of the
Committee on Finance, who have examined it,
he can do so. But I really do think, with all
respect to the honorable Senator from Illinois,
that when the Secretary of the Treasury tells
you they are necessary, and when the Com-
mittee on Finance have examined the matter
and tell you this provision is necessary, it is
quite as good as the proof which the Senator
adduces on his side, to wit, that somebody, a
clerk, came to him and told him that in his
particular place the business was falling off
and he was afraid he would lose his office.
There is one of his proofs against the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and the Committee on
Finance ! Another is, that somebody around
the Senate here says that in one of the bureaus,
I do not know which, the business is not so
great as it used to be. Is that enough to make
out a case ? I appeal to my honorable friend
as a judge whether he will admit such soft of
evidence as going to prove anything in any
court except the Senate. I apprehend we may
with safety do what is recommended by the
Committee on Finance after they have exam-
ined the subject.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. It is half past four o'clock,
and there is no probability of getting a vote
to-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment. I wish
to correct a statement of the Senator from
Maine in regard to these clerks.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Fessenuen] seems to
suppose that there is a necessity for clerks in
Philadelphia and in New York, and he urges
that as one of the reasons why this appropria-
tion should pass. There are some things we
can know without being in the Treasury De-
partment, a-nd if he had looked at this bill he
would have found that it came from the House
of Representatives with this clause:
for salaries of clerks, messengers, and watchmen
in the otlice of the Assistant Treasurer at New York,
$00,000.
There is a nice little sum, but that was not half
enough, and in the Senate our Committee on
Appropriations proposed to raise that $60,000
which was in the House bill to $120,000, more
that double what the House proposed, for the
benefit of the Assistant Treasurer's office in
New York ; and I believe the amount was still
further increased on the suggestion of the Com-
mittee on Finance. Now §lo0,000 more is pro-
posed to be added, and one of the reasons given
is that more clerks may be wanted at New
York.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to show the Sen-
ator that he does not understand it at all. ily
colleague explained it once to him, and told
him that all the appropriations to which he
now refers were made to meet the service pro-
vided for by law. The House of Representa-
tives have gone back to the time before the
war, and our committee have brought it up.
This $150,000 is for extra clerks in those very
offices, as well as in the Department here.
What I stated is perfectly correct.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed this increase
was for clerks that were not provided for by
law, but 1 was showing that the hill provided
§128,000 for clerks at New York, something
of a sum ; and that this $150,000 might by
possibility not be necessary there. As the
House had started with $50,000, and the Sen-
ate had given $126,000,1 supposed it was pos-
sible that would answer the purpose.
But the Senator from Maine says that as
faulty as the Secretary of the Treasury may be
supposed to be by the Senator from Illinois,
what object has he in employing more clerks
than are necessary ? The Senator from Illinois
had not said a word about the Secretary of the
Tieasury being faulty. 1 have no difference
with the Secretary oi' the Treasury. It is the
appropriation about which I aux speaking. It
