4462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
ThePRESIDENTp?-ofe)i|}0re. The question
is on the resolution as it has been amended.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
MESSAGE I'ROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPnERRox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
1448) making appropriations for certain exec-
utive expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 18C9.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (II. It. No. 1446) to relieve
from legal and political disabilities certain per-
son.1? engaged in the late rebellion.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed tho follow-
ing enrolled bills and joint resolutions; and
they were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (H. li. No. 1277) to provide for the
distribution of the reward offered by the Pres-
ident of the United States for the capture of
Jefferson Davis;
A bill (H. li. No. 1-146) to relieve from
legal and politicaLdisabilities certain persons
engaged m the late rebellion ;
A joint resolution (H. 11. No. 328) for the
donation of certain columns ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 358) author-
izing the Secretary of War to furnish cannon to
Soldiers' Monument Associations of Pequon-
nock and Paterson, New Jersey.
BRIDGES ACROSS THE OHIO.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following
resolution for consideration:
Ilcnolved, That the Secretary of War bo, and ho is
hereby, requested to appointa board of engineers of
notions tha.n threo nor more thnn five, and instruct,
them to make a survey of tho Ohio liver at points
where bridges arc beinfr constructed or projected,
and report to Cong rex* at the next session what' ength
of span is practicable and necessary to meet tho
requirements of navigation on said liver, and of tho
public interest.
CAWS EEAll KIVBIt.
Mr. ABBOTT submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
liemlvrd, That the Committee on Coinmerco bo
instructed to inquire into the expediency of an ap-
propriation for deepening the channel of the Capo
l?ear river in North Carolina, and to report at tho
next session by bill or otherwise.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There are a couple of
matters that my colleague felt a special inter-
est in. He had to go away, and I feel an in-
terest in having them attended to. I move to
take up the bill for the relief of Mrs. Hackle-
man.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will be debated.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well, let it be debated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is too late to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 submit to the Senator
from Indiana that we ought to go into execu-
tive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to taking up the bill mentioned
by the Senator from Indiana ?
Mr. SUMNEH. Pending the motion to take
up that bill I submit a motion that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ne?s.
Mr. HENDRTCIvS. I must call for the yeas
and nays on that motion if it is insisted upon.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
talion, resulted—yeas 25, nays 17 ; as follows:
YI1AS — Messrs. Anthony, ftuekaleiv, Chandler,
Coibelt, Crasin, Davis Doohttle, Drake, Fcny, Fcs-
senden, Frehnghuy^en, Harris*, Henderson, liovrc,
KcUukk, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Patterson of
Kcw Hampshire, Pomeroy,Sherman, Sumner. Trum-
bull, Vnu "Winkle, Willey, and Williams—25.
NAYH—Messrs. Oonkhuy, (Jonnes«s, llendi icks, Mc-
Cieeiy, McDonald, Patterson ot Tennessee, Ramsey,
Rice, Ito^.Spraguc, Stewart, Tliayer, Tipton, Wade,
Welch. Wilson, and Yates—17.
AD^K-NT—Mec^rs. Abbott, Bayard, Cauie.vop Oat-
tell, Cole, Dixon,Edmunds, Fowler, Grimes,Harlan,
Howard, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Nye,
Osborn, Pool, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sponcer,
Yiekers, and Whyte—-23.
So the motion was agreed to.
NAVAJO INDIAN'S.
Mr. WILSON. Before the doors are closed
I desire to make a report from the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia. That com-
mittee, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. K. No. 302) to aid in relieving from
peonage women and children of the Navajo
Indians, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment, and I desire to have it
put upon its passage now.
Mr. POMEROY. It ought to be passed
right off.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It requests Lieutenant General Sherman to use
the most ellicient means his judgment will ap-
prove to reclaim from peonage women and
children of the Navajo Indians, now held in
slavery in the Territory adjacent to their homes
and tho reservation on which the Navajo In-
dians have been confined.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I think that will ho a
very difficult task for General Sherman. Is he
to pay for reclaiming these persons, or to take
them by force?
Mr. POMEROY. He is to do the best he
can.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business ; and after two hours
spent therein the doors were reopened.
MRS. IilDWELL AXD MRS. IIACKLKMAN.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill (II. U. No. ltftiO)
granting an increase of pension to Emily 13.
Bidwell, widow of Brigadier Cbneral Daniel
D. Bidwell. It proposes to direct the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll tlie name of Emily B. Bidwell, widow of
the late Brigadier General Daniel L). Bidwell,
at the rate of fifty dollars per month, from the
19th day of October, LStjl, on which dny Gen-
eral lJidwell fell mortally wounded at the battle
of Cedar Creek, Virginia? to continue during
widowhood. The pension heretofore allowed
her under general law is to be discontinued;
but the sum received by her under the same is
to be deducted from the pension hereby granted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend that
bill by adding the following :
A i\d be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, aulhoii/.cd stud directed
to place on the pension-toll the namool Sarah 11 :iek-
loman, widow of the late BrigadierUeneral Pleasant
A. llackleman, tor pension, ;it the rate of fifty dol-
lais per month fiom the 3d day of October, 180:2. on
which day General llackleman fell moi tally wounded
atthc battle ofCorinth, to continucduringher widow-
hood.
And he it further That the pension here-
tofore allowed Paid Snrah llackleman, under general
law, be discontinued, but the sum received by her
under the.same shall be deducted from the pension
hereby granted, and this penMon shall be subject to i
the provisions of the general pens-ion law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the time iixed for the commence-
ment of the pensions, and inserting this proviso:
Provided, That tho increase of pensions herein
granted shall take effect from thedate of the passage
of this act.
The amendment was agreed to; and the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, as thus amended, was concurred in.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed. Jts title was amended by
adding the words "and granting an increase
of pension to Sarah llackleman, widow of
Brigadier General Pleasant A. Hackieman."
KEMOVAL 01? CAUSES l-'ltOM STATE COURTS,
On motionof Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN, the
Senate resumed, as in Committee of the Whole,
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 12C1)
amendatory of an act entitled '' An act relating
to habeas corpus, and regulating judicial pro-
ceedings in certain cases," the pending question
being on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary as a substitute for the
House bill.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me this bill needs
some explanation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The bill was under dis-
cussion last night, and the honorable Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] was opposed to
it, and so were olher Senators.
Mr. CONKLING. On the contrary, if the
Senator will listen he will find that he is quite
mistaken.
Mr. FUELTNGHU YSEN. The bill was
introduced just for this purpose: in the States
recently in rebellion they will not permit any
defense whatever to be made in any of the
suits which are brought against the express
companies of the country. This bill provides
that where a defense arises from the fact of
the country being in a state of war, not that
that shall be a defense, but that in that case
the suit may be transferred to the Federal
courts under the provision of the Constitution
which says that the United States courts may
have jurisdiction over questions arising under
the laws and treaties of the country.
Mr. STEWART. The report was unan-
imous on that section. "We struck out most
of the House bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire to ask one
question of the Senator from New Jersey,
whether the Committee on the Judiciary are
unanimous upon this bill?
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. No, sir; they
are not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not think it ought
10 be passed. 1 think it should be laid aside.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not had any op-
portunity to examine this bill. If this is the
same bill that, was up the other day, when the
Senator from Illinois explained it, it appears
to me very objectionable in its provisions.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. It is the same
bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Sen-
ator from Oregon will give way I will move
that the doors be closed, and that we proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CONIvLING. I hope the Senator will
not make a motion of that sort after the remark
he has just made, but will allow me to make
one remark. There was a bill which Judge
Trumbull commented upon containing several
sections. That is not this bill at all. This is
one single section reported by the committee
as a substitute for that bill, and its whole pur-
pose I can state in a moment. In the State of
Georgia, for example, there were many letters
before us showing that common carriers were
sued for goods which had been snatched from
them by embodied military power, and certain
judges down there have refused to rule ui'on
the question whether that was the act of a
public enemy or not, but insisted upon submit-
ting the question to the jury as a puie question
ot tact under tne instruction that all they could
unci was upon a question of damages, that the
common carriers were liable any way even if
the goods had been taken from them by a pub-
lic enemy I his section provides that where
they wish to raise that question and carry it up
to the Supreme Court of the United States,
they shall have an opportunity to transfer their
causes into a court where they can present
their exceptions and have them ruled upon as
matters of law one way or the other, and put
themselves on the high road to the court of
thatT' r WUUt t0 kn°W Wll° °bjeCtS t0
Mr. COLE. Does the geutleman mean tho
rebel military power.
