1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
one performs, the other protects. The conflict
we are waging, and against which the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] warns us,
is the same which has-been waged in other
lands. _ The regal and absolute pretensions of
the British Crown received their first fatal de-
feat when the ax of the Commonwealth made
the first Charles shorter by a head. It was
finally killed when Parliament, speaking the
voice of tlie English people, dethroned the
Smarts in the person of the second James.
Since then, Mr. Speaker, the contests in Great
Britain have not really been between Crown
and people, but between classes in Parliament
and classes without, with a slow but steady
enlargement of the basis of representation.
The men who flamed our Constitution were
wise in their day and generation. They were
men who had studied history. Many among
them had heard from the mouths of actors
therein the great lessons taught by the events
of the English Commonwealth times: that lib-
erty was always more endangered by the few
than the many ; that the single chief was more
apt to seize and hold' power, profiting by the
mistakes of the many, than the latter was to
seek and maintain such authority.
That great body of men—the framers of our
Constitution—foresaw and provided against
this danger. Theyplaced the legislative function
first in the enumeration of powers. The rea-
son was plain. It was nearest the people.
They hedged in the executive and judicial
with strong restrictions, and, more than all,
they placed in the hands of this House the
power we are now about to exercise, and in
the hands of the Senate, after due and solemn
trial, the power to protect the Republic against
the usurpations of an unfaithful Executive, by
removal from his high office. Impeachment,
in our poiicy, is the safety-valve to prevent
revolution, not to encourage it. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] and his
colleagues may talk of the revolutionary char-
acter of the times in which we live, and may
threaten us with resistance, but the point has
been reached when "forbearance ceases to be
a virtue/' and we must either impeach and
remove an encroaching and usurping Execu-
tive or see go down the ordered balance of
powers ordained by the Constitution.
I see, sir, in this power of impeachment, a
great safeguard against the revolutionary ele-
ments abjured by gentlemen on the other
side. Iamglad toinvokeit, becauseitwill save
the nation from worse evils. I do not fear the
results, for I trust the people and the people's
Representatives. That is the difference between
the gentleman from New York and myself.
But, sir, it will thus be seen that it is not alone
the technical acts of usurpation committed by
the President which compels me to vote to
impeach him of high crimes and misdemean-
ors. I have the undoubted right, and so have
the whole body of the people of the United
States, to judge ofthedegree of motive by which
an unscrupulous, bold, and wicked magistrate
is hurried on to the violation of lawful and
constitutional duties. As was well said by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] the
President is as ranch the creature of the law
and as sacredly bound to obey it as the hum-
ble-t citizen of the Republic. Sir, I declare it
to be one of the controlling reasons for my
vote that I believe the mind of the President
to be filled with malice toward the law-making
power of the nation, and seeking with hostile
and revolutionary intent to defeat the legally
expressed will of a majority of the people.
The safety of republican government on this
continent is thus imperiled by a lawless and
malignant man, made the second officer of the
Republic by the people's confidence, and in-
trusted under the forms of law with the execu-
tion of the people's will. Let the recreant
magistrate fall in dishonor, but let the majesty
of law and the supremacy of the Constitution
be maintained as the life-blood of freedom and
good government.
Messrs. NICHOLSON and MILLER next
addressed the House. [See Appendix.]
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, because of
the action of its committee the House is con-
vened for the exercise of its highest functions
as the grand inquest of the nation primarily to
sit in judgment upon the President. We are
to determine judicially whether the case pre-
sented by the report of the committee contains
the elements of such high crimes and_ misde-
meanors as justifies the presentation of articles
of impeachment for the judicial action of the
Senate. In determining this question by the
ancient usage in like proceedings of all legis-
lative bodies, each Representative may have
recourse to the history of current events for
the purpose of ascertaining motives and estab-
lishing inferences of fact which define the qual-
ity and legal relations of the acts presented.
In brief, the facts may be stated thus: Dur-
ing the present session of Congress, and at an
hour when the Senate was actually in deliber-
ation, for his own purposes the President
issued a peremptory order removing the Sec-
retary of War from his office and forbidding
his further exercise of the duties thereof, and
by another order, at the same time, appointed
the Adjutant General of the Army Secretary of
War ail interim, and directed him to take pos-
session of the office of Secretary of War, and
forthwith to enter upon the discharge of its
functions. That action is sent by message to
the Senate, not asking its advice or consent
thereto, or recognizing its right to participate
therein, The President's action is complex,
being the removal of one officer and the ap-
pointment of another, both with the same
intent. If both were warranted by law then
he is justified; if both or either were in con-
travention of law then he is liable to such
animadversion as the character and purpose
of his acts shall demand.
If either act is a willful violation of his con-
stitutional duty and oath it is clear, that being
the order of the Executive of the nation and the
Commander-in-Chief of its armies, such acts
are of themselves sufficient exhibitions of force,
if done for the purpose of usurping to himself
unwarranted power, or with tha motive of con-
travening the constitutional laws of Congress,
that they and each of them are high crimes
and misdemeanors subversive of constitutional
government and dangerous to the liberties of
the people, the only remedy for which lies in
the power of this House to present, and the
only tribunal to adjudicate ana determine them
is the Senate of the United States, sitting in
its capacity as a judicial tribunal, the highest
court in the land.
This consideration seems to answer the sug-
gestion which has been made by the gentle-
man from New Y'ork, [Mr. Brooks] that the
President undertook these proceedings com-
plained of in order to bring the question of his
powers and rights before the courts of the coun-
try. If this were his design he has fully suc-
ceeded. His acts are now being examined
primarily by the grand inquest of the nation,
and if we see cause their legal and constitu-
tional quality will be presented for adjudica-
tion before the most august tribunal of the
earth, the Senate of a free people, sitting in
solemn judgment upon the misdoings of the
executive head of a great nation. He is to be
tried, indeed, by his peers, in the highest sense
of that term, under the sanction of their oaths,
presided over by the Chief Justice, to be, saved
from condemnation, if sav.ed at all, by the
doubts of one more, only, than a third of his
judges.
We were also told in substance by the gen-
tleman from New Yoik, who leads the defense
of the President on this floor, that if we at-
tempted to exercise our constitutional right of
impeachment under the forms of law we should
fail, because taking advantage of those forms
and of the delays which the clemency of the
court might accord to so great a criminal in
such a trial, that the justice of the nation in
that the court would be so impeded by an
abuse of that very clemency that the whole
term of the official life of the offender would:
be consumed before we could get judgment
upon a plain matter of faet, the sole needed
proof of which is the criminal's own confes-
sion, under his own hand ; or, in other words,
that this solemn and august proceeding of the
nation's justice was not to be opposed by force,
but by fraud. True, the law's delay is the
rogue's defense, but forewarned, forearmed.
The Senate will doubtless know liowto treat
the applications for delay and dilatory motions
of an offender who has, by his advocate, in-
formed the eourtsthat such applications and
motions are fraudulent and intended to defeat
the ends of justice. But we are further told by
the same gentleman that if the Congress of the
United States shall, in the exercise of the high
powers vested in it by the Constitution at-
t<ynpt bylaw to meet these defects of remedial
justice andsuspend from exercising of office the
confessed and presented criminal during his
trial, so that he may not exercise his high func-
tions during the fraudulent delays by which he
himself advertises thepeople of this country that
he means to hold it, then, I say, we are told that
the people are to be aroused, revolution and
an appeal to arms are to follow; and the gentle-
man from New York and those who act with him
will " never, never, never submit to the oper-
ations of the laws of Congress." These threats,
sir, have not even the poor merit of originality;
they are an exact parody of the words of the
traitor Judah P. Benjamin in the Senate of the
United States on the 31st of December, 18(!0,
when defying the power of the Union to con-
quer secession. True it is, Benjamin never did
submit, but ran away and left his country for
his country's good ; and if the gentleman from
New York shall ever choose to oppose the
laws enacted by Congress, as he threatens us
to do, he will do weli to copy Benjamin's acts
as well as parody his words and take to his
legs.
The first question in the course of our pres-
entinvestigation, however, is, was the removal
of Mr. Stanton, acknowledged by the Presi-
dent to be the legal Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War, warranted by law? The Con-
stitution of the United States by no express
words gives the power of removal of any officer
t.o the President. If appertaining to him at all
it must be either by implication from the power
of appointment vested in him by the Consti-
tution or arising as a necessity to the perform-
ance of his executive duty that he should have
entire control over the agents by whom he must
fulfill his high functions.
If conferred upon him by the Constitution,
then it can neither be taken away, limited, or
added to, by any legislative action whatever,
but is inherent and uncontrollable save by his
own will as limited by the Constitution itself.
If it arise from the necessity for the prompt
and faithful execution of the laws as an incident
of office, then the power of removal is a polit-
ical one, which may be regulated and defined
by Congress under the clause in the eighth
section of the first article of the Constitution,
which vests in Congress the power—
"To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution" * _ * * *
all powers vested by this Constitution in the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or in any Department
or olBcor thereof."
Let us first examine the question, -what are
the limitations of this power' if implied from
the power of appointment? Of course the
power of removal implied from the power of
appointment cannot be greater than the ap-
pointing power from which it is inferred, and
must be limited to the person and in^the man-
ner that the power of appointment is limited
by the Constitution. In other words, if the
power of appointment is limited the power of
removal implied from that power of appoint-
ment must have like limitations. By the sec-
ond article of the Constitution, which alone
treats on this'subjeet, no power of appointment
of any officer is given to the President while
the Senate is in session, but the power of nom-
ination only. The words are :
"He shall nominate and, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall appoint embassa-
dors" " * * "" "and all other officers
