1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3439
is possible, Mr. President, that a Secretary of
the Treasury, I do not say the Secretary of the
Treasury, but it is possible that a Secretary of
the Treasury may have favorites as well as
other men. It is possible he may have human
frailties as well as other men, and that there
may be favorite persons around him that he
would like to give employment to, and whose
salaries he would like to increase.
But the Senator from Maine wants to know
if the Senator from Illinois does not know the
difference between classifying clerks and pay-
ing them extra. I supposed that by classify-
ing these clerks he meant paying one $1,800
and another $1,200, and thatis doneundcrtlie
name of classification. It i3 possible that a
person less pure, having fewer human frailties
than the pi-esent Secretary of the Treasury has,
might go into that office and might desire that
a favorite person should be so classified as to
get $1,800, when another clerk just as good
practically was so classified as to get only
$1,200. I can conceive that that would be
possible with other persons than the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator from
Illinois will now give way. He has made a suffi-
cient explanation.
Mr. TR UMBOLL. I give way to the Sena-
tor from Minnesota.
Mr. RAMSEY. I renew my motion to
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow us to finish this amendment. Let us take
the vote, because I want to be absent to-mor-
row at one o'clock.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will withdraw the motion
if there is a possibility of a vote immediately ;
otherwise not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Minnesota withdraws his motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit a priv-
ileged motion. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet at two o'clock
to-morrow ; Senators understand the reason.
The PRES1 DING OFFICER. The motion
can be entertained if there be no objection.
The motion was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. CATTELL. I only want, a single min-
ute to say that, as a member of the Finance
Committee, I felt it my duty personally to call
at the Treasury Department in regard to this
item now under consideration ; that my inform-
ation was obtained from Mr. Hartley, the
Assistant Secretary, at a personal interview,
and that he brought into my presence several
of the heads of bureaus and divisions, and
satisfied me conclusively that this sum was ab-
solutely necessary to the working of the Treas-
ury Department. Upon that information, thus
obtained on my own personal application to the
Department, I voted in the Finance Committee
in favor of reporting this amendment, and I
shall vote for it now.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I shall vote against this
amendment, and I shall do it with full con-
sciousness of the futility of doing so. The
Treasury Department having made this requi-
sition, I take it for granted, for the purpose of
this remark, that it is te be answered by the
Senate, and I rise for the purpose of saying
that if it shall be adopted we suall have some
cause of consolation, I think, in the fact it is
not $210,000, and that it does not involve all
the latitude of discretion which last year and
the year before was committed to the Secretary
of the Treasury.
And now I want to make one single remark,
to which I ask the attention of Senators. Last
year the language of the iCct, as it appears in
the estimates, was:
"And provided further. That the Secretary may
award such additional compensation to officers and
clerks as in Ins judgment may be deemed just and
may be required by the public service/'
And opposite that is the item of $210,000.
Now, what do Senators suppose was done with
that $210,000? I am told hy a member of the
other House, who received his information
from the Treasury Department itself in explan-
ation of another thing, that about one hundred
and ten or one hundred and twenty thousand
dollars was devoted to the pay of temporary
clerks, and that the rest of this money was
distributed upon the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, $1,000 or $1,500 being given
in every instance to the head of a bureau, all of
whom I am told received it except one, and
these additions thus conferred by the favor of
the Secretary ranged from one thousand to
fifteen hundred dollars. In that way about sixty
per cent, of the money havingbeen devoted to the
employment of temporary clerks the financial
officer of the Government managed to get rid
of the residue. That residue, in charity to the
Treasury, is not included in this amendment,
and when it prevails we may console ourselves
by remembering that here is a clear gain of
sixty or seventy or eighty thousand dollars,
looking to the past, whichever the precise
amount may be. I shall vote against it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. Before that motion is
put, I wish the Senator from Minnesota to allow
me to make a motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CAMERON. Just a moment. I wish
to move a reconsideration of the vote which
adjourned the Senate until two o'clock to-
morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the vote by which the Senate agreed to
meet to-morrow at two o'clock be reconsid-
ered.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope not.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say that lean
see no good reason for adjourning until two
o'clock to-morrow different from any other
day. I am perfectly willing, if Senatoi's think
it wise, that we shall meet every evening at six
o'clock and sit the whole night to do so. I
think in warm weather it would be better; but
I do not think we should adjourn till a late hour
to-morrow for a special object, because some
of us have been invited to a wedding; let me
speak out plainly; I was trying to tind some
other word. It is hardly fair that the Senate
of the United States, so near the termination
of the session, should adjourn to go to a wed-
ding like a parcel of young boys. We are old
men, or ought to be. It was supposed when
this body was provided for that it would eon-
tain aged, prudent, and wise men. I am very
young myself; but there are many old men
here, and I think all the old men at least would
be better employed in attending to their duties
here than in going to a wedding to-morrow.
Besides, there is no particular reason why
this body should adjourn to go to the wedding
of anybody, and, as is suggested to me by the
Senator from California, [Mr. Coyness,] it
never has been done in the history of the Sen-
ate. I do not think there is any special reason
why we should go to the wedding of the Sena-
tor who is to be married to-morrow. He is
not the first man who was married, and I trust
he is not the last who will be. Let us come
here at our regular hour and perform our duties
as we ought to do. If any of the Senators have
a special desire to go to this wedding let them
go, and those of us who remain here will attend
to our duties as well as we can. I hope we
shall reconsider the vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas aud nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 13 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Colo, Cockling, Corbett,
Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessendcn. Fowler, Hend-
ricks, Howe, McCreory, Jlorgan, Patterson of New
Hampshire. Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, 1 io,-,
Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wil-
liams, and Yates—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Conness, Cragin Fre-
linghuysen, Harlan, McDonald, Pomeroy, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, and Wilson—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cat toll.
Chandler, Drake, Edmunds, .Ferry, Crimes, Hen-
derson, Howard, Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Nye.Kice, Saulsbury,
Vickers, and Wiliey—20.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate stands adjourned uutil to-morrow at two
o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 2i, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. BoYNTOif.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
IMPRISONMENT OF WARREN AND COSTELLO.
The SPEAKER laid before the House, by
unanimous consent, the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives :
I transmit a report from the Secretary of State, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of the 15th instant, upon the subject of Messrs.
Warren and Costello, who have been convicted and
sentenced to penal imprisonment in Great Britain.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, June 23,1858.
The message and accompanying report were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
DIMINUTION OF THE ARMY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a statement of the estimated dim-
inution of the Army by various causes up to
January 1, 1809, and to July 1 of the same
year ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
RECONSTRUCTION EXPENSES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a communication from the Pay-
master General, submitting estimates of tlie
amount required for deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the execution of the reconstruc-
tion acts for the balance of the present fiscal
year, with an estimate for the next fiscal year;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
ARKANSAS MEMBERS.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to submit a privi-
leged report from the Committee of Elections.
The committee have carefully examined the
credentials  
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a question of
order. On the 15th of this month the House
adopted the following resolution:
" Iieiolved, That after the report of the tax bill by
the Committee of Ways and Means in pursuance of
tho order just passed, no other business shall be in
order but the consideration of the bill so reported by
said committee, except reports from tho Committee
on Enrolled Bills.'*
In giving construction to that order, the
Speaker said:
"This resolution only excepts the reports of the
Committee on Enrolled Bills. There are two ease?
beside, arising under the Constitution of the United
States, which the House cannot exclude. One is the
veto of the President of ths United States."
"The other case is where a member claims the
right to be sworn in from any State where there has
been legislation."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ^correct
the gentleman right at this point. The re-
porter of the Globe did not hear correctly what
the Speaker said. The Chair has here, in a
correctcd form, the correct statement of whafe
he said, as follows :
"The other case is where a member claims the
right to be sworn in from any State in regard to
which there has been recent legislation."
Those are the words which the Speaker
used, as the House will remember.
Mr. BROOKS. And the Speaker goes on
to say:
"The Question may be referred to a committee; ifc
may be postponed, but it must come beiore the
House."
