1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4468
Mr. CONKLING-. Certainly, where tlie
rebels iu arms prevented the goods being
delivered. For example, a company came and
swept away arailroad train, taking all tlie goods
in it. The corporation want to be able to sub-
mit the question whether this was a public
war, or whether the rebels were public ene-
mies, and they themselves as common carriers
exempted from the liability which would other-
wise rest upon them. I want to know who can
object to a provision of that sort. We had
before us many statements ii;otn lawyers of
respectability belonging to no political party,
saying that when they went into court the
judge would not rule as a matter of law upon
that question, nor submit instructions to the
jury, so that they could go up with the case,
but that lie simply submitted as a question of
damages to the jury how much was the value
of the goods. 1 do not care anything about
this bill, but I hope it will not be put down by
any suspicion being cast upon it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know that I
understand this bill as well as the members of
the Judiciary Committee; but this seems to
be the twin brother of another bill that was
passed here not very long ago in the interest
of corporations. There seems to be a great
sensitiveness on the part of corporations, and
an apprehension that they cannot obtain jus-
tice in the courts of the States. Now, here is
a bill which provides, as I understand it, that
where a citizen of a State sues a corporation
within that State, that corporation may take
the case into a Federal court. I should like
to know under what clause of the Constitution
this can be done.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator asks me,
I shall be very happy to answer him. The
provision is that when such a suit as that is
brought, and the parties sued wish to set up
strictly and rigidly a defense growing up
under the Constitution of the United States
and the laws passed in pursuance thereof, in
the language of the Constitution, they may bo
permitted to do it. If they wish to show that
Abraham Lincoln, under the power vested in
him by Congress, made a call for troops ; that
those troops come out; that military collisions
took place ; that a public war raged under the
authority of Congress, and in that public war
those goods were swept away—if they wish to
set that up and allege that it was by virtue of
tlie Constitution of the United States and the
power inhering in the Congress of the United
States, they may be permitted to do it; and
the part of the Constitution which defines the
judicial power specifies that in so many words
as a part of the Federal judicial power.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Piesident, that is
not this bill as I understand it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I appeal to the honor-
able Senator from Oregon to yield me the
floor. This bill will evidently lead to a long
discussion. We have the Executive Calendar
before us, and I move that the doors be closed ■
that we may go on with executive business. ;
There are the treaties of the Senator from
Massachusetts and Indian treaties, and Gen-
eral Sherman and all the men upon the plains
are writing that the issue of peace or war with
the Indians is depending on those treaties. I
move that the doors be closed.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. NYE. Will not the Senators give way
for one moment ?
Mr. SUMNER. No ; we must go into exec-
utive session.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall have to ask for
a division.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If gentlemen want to
break up a quorum, and continue this discus-
sion all night, so as to force an extra session
next week, let us know it now.
Mr. CONKLING. We have all waited here
alike ; we are all equally tired ; but we are
charged with different business. My friend
fiom New Jersey and I are charged by the
Committee oil the Judiciary with this bill.
Senators must not complain that we want to
pass it. The bill is right; it has passed the
other House in a much broader form, and
there is no reason why we should not take the
vote on it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We must go on with
the executive business to-night or we shall have
an extra session.
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. The motion
is that the Senate do now proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. CONKLING. I call for a division on
that question.
The question being taken, there were on
a division—ayes 17, noes 13.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
not a quorum voting.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I suggest that by
common consent the motion be withdrawn, and
that we pass the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is no quorum.
Mr. CONKLING. The call can be with-
drawn by common consent.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to make a
statement about our business. It seems we
are without a quorum. Here are a number of
treaties to be acted upon, and I think there
is absolute necessity for meeting to-morrow
evening.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we ought to have
a recess until to-morrow night at seven o'clock,
and begin fresh then.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I_ think a number of
members have goneoff with the understanding
that such a recess will be taken. It is abso-
lutely necessary in my judgment.
Mr. STEWART. I think there is a quorum
here.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not let this bill be
voted upon ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
undoubtedly a quorum present, but there was
not a quorum voting.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. By common consent
let us go into executive session. We cannot
get through the bill which is under discussion.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The Chair
will put the question again on the motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 21, noes 10.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business.
At one o'clock and forty minutes a. m.,
[Sunday, July 26,] the Senate took a recess
till 8 o'clock p. m.
SUNDAY EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at 8 o'clock p. m.,
[Sunday, July 2(5.]
PEKSONAL EXPLANATION IMPEACHMENT.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, a re-
port signed by Bkxjamix F. Butler, purport-
ing to be by authority of the managers of
impeachment called tlie select committee, has
recently been published by the House of Rep-
resentatives, which requires a short notice at
my hands. I have learned that the six gentle-
men on that committee have had nothing to do
with it; and even iu the absence of such
information I know them well enough to acquit
them of all responsibility in the premises. It
was my intention to criticise this report as its
character deserves. 1 have abandoned that
intention. First, I have no appropriate epi-
thets for it; and second, if I had I could not in
justice to myself, or to the body of which I am
a member, use them.
I waive the impropriety of tlie House of
Representatives instituting an investigation
into the character of Senators. I'naive the
utter injustice of constituting a committee for
any purpose whatever composed of only one
political party, and especially in an investiga- j
tion of this character. Such committees never :
elicit the truth. Their reports are entitled to j
no more credence than ex parte examinations i
usually are. j
In this case the committee was organized iu |
a moment of intense excitement, and bitter
personal and political feeling. Whatever may
have been the purpose of its organization, all
will now admit that its proceedings were con-
ducted to one single end. Ostensibly it was
designed to seek new matter of impeachment
against the President. The futility of this pur-
pose having soon manifested itself, those hav-
ing self-respect withdrew from its proceedings,
when the whole project degenerated into alow,
petty work of malice and calumny, disgraceful
not to the author of the report, but disgraceful
to the character of an American Congress.
I forbear to comment upon the manner in
which this thing has been conducted. If it
had been to elicit truth and not falsehood, I
could bear to be silent, for even the casual
reader can find nothing in its forty-eight pages
of wicked perversion derogatory to me as a
man or as a member of this body, unless it be
derogatory to have entertained, as I did, on
the 12th of May last, the thought of resigning
my seat in the Senate.
But this, sir, was a matter^between me and
my constituents, one entirely outside the juris-
diction of the House of Representatives. I
am not now and never expect to be ashamed
of anything connected with this purpose of
mine. The best of us sometimes hesitate as
to what is our duty under a given state of cir-
cumstances. Whatever hesitancy I may have
had resulted from the deliberation of a few
moments in reference to my duty to constitu-
ents who were supposed to differ with me upon
a question of great political concern, and out
of regard for what I was assured was their will.
In this disgraceful paper, thatwell-known hesi-
tancy of mine is seized upon, and every fact
connected with it knowingly distorted and per-
verted to accomplish the base purposes of its
author. It i3 attempted to make me incon-
sistent with myself. This is done by testimony
taken not before the impeachment managers,
but before another committee of the House of
Representatives. That committee was raised
to investigate the conduct of the Missouri mem-
bers for attempting to influence my vote for
conviction.
Before that committee I testified. The House
members also testified. This report, in order
to place me at disadvantage, draws upon only
parts of the testimony of these members, taken
in their own defense, and extracts not one
word from my testimony which gives a full
history of all the correspondence and proceed-
ings between us. The members of the lower
House were testifying in their own behalf.
They were the only parties iu interest. The
proceeding was in the nature of a prosecution
against them. As to the truth of their evi-
dence I have nothing to say. I have never
seen the whole of it. This is not the time nor
the place to criticise it. It is a matter between
ourselves which we can settle. But. Mr. Presi-
dent, have I not a right to complain that the
committee before which my testimony and
theirs was taken should entirely suppress its
own proceedings and fail to make any report
at al'i, while it lias furnished to another com-
mittee to be incorporated in its report just
enough of the statement against me, including
those of the parties implicated, to stamp an
apparent inconsistency upou my conduct. Is
this the mode by which truth is obtained? Was
truth in this case sought for? If so why was
not all the evidence furnished and published?
And if justice is to be done to me why does
not the other committee report? If investigat-
ing committees are to be the mere vehicles of
calumny and detraction, then this report is a
marvelously proper one. If their purpose be
to conceal the truth this is an eminent success.
As an evidence of the corrupt purpose in
which this report is conceived I refer Senators
to page 17, where, with the usual fullness or
innuendo and insinuation, is introduced tlie
following note, namely:
Dear Mr. President : The Heitdkj^w
I.ttcey b K been to seo him with UaiP.. All
right, Jiaeey
right. So sajs Everts.
Truly,
COOPER.
