2£16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
WHITEHALL* AND PtATTSBURG RAILROAD.
Mr. SPALDING obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. GARFIELD, who asked unanimous
consent to take up and put on its passage a bill
to grant the right of way to the Whitehall and
Plattsburg Railroad Company.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to suspend the
Mr. HARDING. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Pending that motion the
Chair desires to make an announcement that
to-morrow it is possible that business maybe
transacted by the House. The Senate have
adopted aresolution saying that they will notify
the House at what time they desire the House
again to appear at the bar of the Senate. They
have also adopted aresolution that to-morrow,
at twelve o'clock, the vote on impeachment
shall bo taken, but the Chair is informed that
it is possible that order may be rescinded. The
House has not received any official notification
to appear at the bar of the Senate to-morrow.
Therefore, if the House now adjourns, business
will be resumed to-morrow until some notifica-
tion is received from the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that when the House adjourns to-day it ad-
journ to meet on Wednesday next.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
The Chair will state, however, that it might
interrupt another resolution, that when the
Senate is engaged in the trial with open doors
the House shall be in attendance.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania.. I with-
draw the motion.
Mr. HARDING. I renew the motion to
adjourn. '
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. BURR: The petition of W. A. Green,
Stilwell Silkwood, Henry F. Green, and David
Green, for bounty.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of
Rev. Arnold Dainen, pastor of the Church of
the Holy Family, Chicago, Illinois, for remis-
sion of duties upon a church organ.
Also, the petition of the ollieers of the Uni-
ted States Army of the department of the Cum-
berland, for extension of the act of March 2,
1807, &c.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of citizens of
Portland, Maine, for breakwater at Richmond's
Island.
By Mr. STOKES: The several petitions of
John Wells and Sarah Livingston, for relief.
Also, the petilioHS of Margaret Riley and
Elizabeth Smith, for pensions.
By Mr. TW1CHELL: The petition of J.
M. Patten, for renewal of patent.
By Mr. VAN AERNAM: The petition of
206 citizens of Jamestown, New York, pray-
ing Congress to pass a law extending " impar-
tial suffrage" throughout the United States,
removing all distinctions and restrictions on
account of property or color.
Also, resolutions adopted by the Republican
electors of Salamanca, Cattaraugus county,
New York, in relation to the rights of Ameri-
can citizens abroad.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of the ex-
ecutive committee of the National Theological
Institute and University, asking the grant of
the use of lands of the Government situated
at Arlington, Virginia, for the education of
freedmen, under the direction of said institute,
in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of George S. Williams and others,
citizens of Kentucky, praying for the division
of that State into two judicial districts.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana: The
petition of 80 women of the District of Co-
lumbia, praying the extension of the elective
franchise to them, accompanied by a bill to
the same purpose.
Also, petitions from 99 citizens of Waterloo
city, Indiana, and of 7-1 citizens of Henry,
Marshall county, Illinois, to the same effect.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 12, 1868.
The following prayer was offered by Rev. E.
H. Gray, D. D.:
0 Thou great and incomprehensibly glori-
ous Jehovah ruling in heaven, ruling on the
earth, disposing of all the affairs and interests
of angels and of men. In Thine august pres-
ence we desire to how find worship this morn-
ing. We comc to confess our sins, individual
and national; to acknowledge our transgres-
sions, social and civil; but in and through the
name and the blood of the everlasting Son of
God we ask pardon and pray for forgiveness
and for the Divine power lo be vouchsafed
unto us. Men change, but Thou reinainest the
same forever more. Kingdoms and empires
rise and fall, but the pillars of Thy throne are
unmoved. Modes and measures fail, but Thy
word, O Lord God, is settled forever in
heaven. We invoke the Divine presence
especially to-day to he in this high Council
Chamber, Prepare, 0 Lord, the mind of the
President for the removal of the suspense con-
nected with this day's proceeding. Prepare
the minds of the people for the momentous
issues which hang upon the decisions of the
hour. Prepare the minds of Thy servants, the
Senators, for the great responsibilities of this
hour. May they be wise in council ; may they
be clear and just and correct in judgment; and
may they be faithful to the high trusts com-
mitted to them by the nation. And may the
blessing of God be upon all the people. Every-
where may the people bow to the supremacy
of law. May order and quiet and peace pre-
vail throughout all our borders. And may the
blessing of God rest upon the nation. God
preserve the people ; God preserve the Gov-
ernment and save it; God maintain the right,
to-day and ever moreAmen.
IMMIACIIMENT OF THE P1USSIDENT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore called the
Senate to order and at once vacated the chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Justice.
The Senate, sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment, having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the chair
at eight minutes to twelve o'clock.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Several Senators. Until when ?
Mr. DRAKE. To-morrow, of course.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senate will
not adjourn. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 27 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron. Cattcll, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conness, Corbett, Cragin,Drake, Edmunds,
Frelinghuysen. Henderson, Howe, MeCreery, Morton,
Norton, Patterson of Now Hampshire, Patteison of
Tennessee, Ramsey, Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle,
Vickers, and Williams—24.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Tiuekalow, Conkling,
Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Ferry, Fessenden, (Jrunes,
JIarlan, Hendricks, Johnson, Morgan. Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, I'nmeroy, Koss,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague. Stewart, Sumner,
Trumbull, Wiliey, Wilson, and Yates—21
ABSKNT—Messrs. Fowler, Howard, and Wade—3.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. YATES. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Friday
next at twelve o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. It seems to me some of
the Senators are very desirous of pushing this
session into September or perhaps November.
There is a great deal of business upon the table
that we can just as well transact to-day as we
can at any future time, and every day we sit
now shortens the session by oneday, and every
day we adjourn over now prolongs it two or
three.
Mr. RAMSEY. Well, we gain at this end.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish simply to make a
remark in support of my friend from Rhode
Island. Next week we probably shall have to
take the usual adjournment to have the changes
made for the summer in this room, and we
might as well dispose of a good deal of busi-
ness that lies upon our table, notofverygreatim-
portance, but which might as well be disposed
of before that ordinary recess. I hope, there-
fore, that the Senate will discharge what busi-
ness it can during this week. We can take the
vote on Saturday in the ease that has been
tried before us; and probably early next week
we shall be compelled, in pursuance of the
us.ual custom of the Senate, to take a recess
of a few days at least, probably ten days, to
enable this room to be put in order for the
summer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to concur in the
suggestions made by the two Senators who have
spoken, and to add that the reason for notcon-
sidering legislative business during the trial
lias substantially passed. We have heard the
arguments and all the evidence, and it is to be
presumed now that Senators have made up
their minds, and there is no inconvenience in
going on with legislative business. We have
four or five days of this week which it is worse
than folly in my judgment to waste, and the
wasting of which will result in keeping us here
during the hot days of July perhaps, possibly
of August. I wish very earnestly to say that
I think we ought to go on with business.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, the very de-
sire to have business transacted by the Senate
under circumstances favorable to its transac-
tion led me to make the motion that I did, to
adjourn until to-morrow. Itis perfectly mani-
fest to me that no business can be properly
done in the Senate this day.
Mr. SUMNER. Nor this week.
Mr. DRAKE. I am opposed to the motion
of the Senator from Illinois. I think we ought
to go at business just as soon as it can be done
in t.lie proper manner; that is, with the Sen-
ate in a proper condition to do business. I
hope, sir, that the motion of the Senator from
Illinois will not prevail, and that then the
Senate will see fit to adjourn till to-morrow,
by which time we shall probably be in a good
trim to go at, business again.
Mr. SHERMAN, and others. What is the
matter ?
Mr. DRAKE. Gentlemen ask me what is
the matter. If there is no consciousness on
the part of Senators of the condition of things
in the Senate this day that should lead them
to feel that the mind was not exactly in the
balance that it ought to be for business I can-
not impart that consciousnessto them. [Laugh-
ter.] But, sir, when this nation is moved to
its uttermost extremity by the expected events
of this day, I should like to know whether the
Senate is composed of men so entirely imbued
with cool and calm philosophy that they par-
take not of the feeling that so moves it. If
Senators are so fnibued, all I have to say is
that I am in a condition of great envy at their
superior composure and philosophy.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to ask my
friend from Missouri if lie expects to get over
this trouble by to-morrow.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; sleeping over it
one night will cool it all down.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I am sur-
prised at the Senator from Missouri being dis-
turbed by the proceedings of this day. I'his
has been the most quiet, harmless day I have
seen since the commencement of this trial. We
heard eminent counsel discuss grave questions
before us; we examined witnesses nith com-
posure ; we heard opinions expressed by each
other with composure ; we met to-day, and to
the disappointment of the galleries, on account
of the sickness of one of our own members,
we adjourned over the trial until Saturday.
Certainly the excitement of to-day ought not
to disturb the nerves of even my friend from
i Missouri. The Senate appears calm and quiet.
