im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Of the United States whose appointments are not
herein otherwise provided for, and which shall be
established by law."
It would seem conclusively to follow, there-
fore, that, the Senate being in session, a like
limitation most be put upon the power of
removal, if such power can be implied from the
power of appointment. It would seem that
the Constitution intended that when in session
the Senate should be a part, and a controlling
part, of the Executive in the^matter of appoint-
ments. The President can no more make an
appointment insuch case which shall be valid
and effectual without the consent of the Sen-
ate than he could make a treaty which should
be valid and effectual without the concurrence
of the Senate constitutionally expressed. If
he can remove the officer so appointed without
the concurrence of the Senate, as an implied
constitutional power, it is difficult to see why
he has not a lilfe implied power to change a
treaty after its ratification. The Constitution,
however, giving the President the uncontrolled
power to fill up all vacancies that may happen
during the recess of the Senate, it may he
admitted without injury to the argument in this
case that he may have a like qualified power
of rcmoyal if not restrained by law.
The power of the President to make remov-
als was much discussed by Congress at its first
session upon the bill to establish the Depart-
ment, of Foreign Affairs, passed July 27. 1789,
(the Department of War being established in
like words of enactment on the 7th August
following.) The debate was principally had
upon a motion by Mr. White, to strike out after
the title of the officer the words " to be remov-
able by the President of the United States,"
which, after an exhaustive discussion m the
House of liepresentatives—as able, perhaps,
as any ever had—was determined in the nega-
tive—'20 to 31, but aftefward struck out by a
vote of 31 to 19, and a clause inserted which
provided that the Chief Clerk should have cus-
tody of the records " whenever the principal
officer shall be removed by the President or
in other case of vacancy." We have no rec-
ord of the debates of the Senate upon this
compromise proposition, as it was in secret
session, but the Journal shows that this pro-
vision was carried in the Senate only by the
casting vote of the Vice President himself, of
course inclining to executive power.
In the debate no notice seems to have been
taken of any distinction as to the power of the
Presideut to remove when the Senate was in
session or in recess. This may be accounted
for because of the ground taken by Mr. Madi-
son, which appears to have the assent of the
House, that—
"Tho power of removal was incident to- the Ex-
ecutive as a necessary means of enabling him to
perform his constitutional duties."
All seemed to agree with Mr. Madison that
whenever Congress created an office fas in the
case of Secretary of War) it was competent for
it to prescribe its tenure, the manner in which
and the power by which the officer might be
removed. This decision, thus made, as to
the power of removal by the President, has
remained substantially the rule of practice for
the Government until the passage of the civil
tenure-of-office act of 2d March, 18S7, with
occasional sporadic instances of the limitation
of the power of removal of specified officers,
as the provisions in the office of Comptroller of
the Currency. But it is to be remarked that no
Cabinet officer lias been removed or attempted
to be removed by any President while the Sen-
ate was in session, except by the nomination
of his successor, to be eonfhmed by the Senate,
although numbers have left or have been ejected
from the Cabinet because of differences with
their chiefs ; as Randolph, in the time of Wash-
ington, after a bitter quarrel; Pickering, Wal-
cott, and McHenry, in the administration of
the elder Adams, upon a like disagreement;
Robert Smith, in the time of Madison ; and W.
J. Duane, relieved from duty by Jackson during
recess.
It is to be remarked, however, as to show-
ing that the First Congress asserted its right to
control the power of removal by the Presi-
dent, that on the same 7th of August on which
the Department of War was created Congress
passed another act to adapt the ordinance of
1787 to the change made by the Constitution
of the United States, and in it conferred the
power of removal of the officers appointed
under the ordinance upon the President. The
result, therefore, of the discussion and the
practice of the Government and the power
asserted by Congress would seem to be that
the legislative branch has the right to regu-
late all offices as to their tenure and limit
the power of removal at pleasure, or, to state
the proposition in other terms, that the power
of removal of officers is not a power conferred
by the Constitution and exclusively inherent
in the Executive, but a political one, to be ex-
ercised by him, as necessary to his functions,
under such limitations as Congress may pre-
scribe.
It will be observed that the act of 1789, es-
tablishing the Department of War, in its second
section provided that the Chief Clerk, "when-
ever the principal officer (£. e., the Secretary)
shall be removed from office by the President
of the United States or in any other case of
vacancy, shall during such vacancy" have
charge and custody of all records, books, and
papers appertaining to said Department, but
does not provide that he shall act at all as
Secretary. This omission, however, was sup-
plied by the eighth section of the act of May
2, 1792, which provides that "in case of
death, absence from the seat of Government,
or sickness of the Secretary of a Department or
any other officer therein appointed by the
Presideut, the President may authorize any
person to perform the duties of the office until
a successor be appointed or the absence or
disability by sickness shall cease."
It will be observed that this provides for a
case of vacancy by death only. The act of
February 13, T795, however, remedied the
omission by enacting that in case of all vacan-
cies whereby the Secretary cannot perform the
duties of his office the President may authorize
any person to perform such duties until a suc-
cessor be appointed or the vacancy be filled,
provided this shall not extend to a longer term
than six months. It was found inconvenient
and dangerous to allow persons to be appointed
as heads of Departments at the will of the
President who had not been passed upon by
the Senate. It was, therefore, enacted, on the
20th February, 1863, that in the case of death,
resignation, absence from the seat of Govern-
ment, or sickness of the head of any executive
department of the Government, whereby they
cannot perform the duties of their respective
offices, that the President may authorize the
head of any other executive department or
other officer in either of said departments
(whose appointment is vested in the President;
to perform the duties of said respective offices
until a successor be appointed or until such
absence or inability by sickness shall cease,
provided that no vacancy shall be filled as afore-
said for a longer term than six months.
Now, the second section repeals all acts or
parts of acts inconsistent with this act. Then,
as the authorizations under the provisions of
this tenure-of-office act to the head nf another
Department to do the duties of the absent offi-
cer or the vacant office are inconsistent with the
second section of the act of 1789, which in case
of all vacancies turns over the custody of the
records, books, and papers solely to the Chief
Clerk thereof, and which alone recognizes the
power of the President to remove, it would
seem to be dear that that section which pro-
vides for a vacancy, whether by removal or
otherwise, is repealed, if it had not been already
repealed by the provisions of the acts of 1792
and 17y5, before cited, which are in pari ma-
teria, and enact inconsistent provisions.
But, however this may be, by the act of March
2,1807, the tenure-of-office bill, it was specially
enacted that the Secretaries should hold their
offices subject to removal by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate. This clearly
repeals the act of 1789 upon every principle of
construction of statutes, nor do I understand
this to be denied by any person if that act is
constitutional, i. e,, one that Congress has
power to enact.
IS THE TKNCRE-OF-OFFrCE ACT CONSTITUTIONAL?
The question of power of removal has been
more than once before the courts and discussed
at great length—in Marbury vs. Madison, (1
Cranch, 15i,) in which it was decided that
" where the tenure of office was fixed the Pres-
ident had no power over the officer."
And, again, in ex parte Hennen, (13 Peters'a
Report,) where, though it was argued, the point
was not decided. Again, in United States vs.
Guthrie, (13 Howard,) and although the ques-
tion was not decided by the court, yet in an
able dissenting opinion Mr. Justice McLean
decides the matter for himself against the
power of removal, Mr. Justice Curtis, Grier,
Nelson, and Campbell not expressing an opin-
ion upon the point.
So far as the courts have spoken their utter-
ances have always sustained the right of Con-
gress to limit the power of removal as to offi-
ces of its own creation ; and, indeed, the very-
power given by the Constitution to Congress to
vest the appointment of such officers, and of
course their removal, in the heads of Depart-
ments, the courts, or the President would seem
to compose-all doubt on the question. Surely
a practice for Congress so to do, for nearly
eighty years, undisputed till now,-would seem to
be a warning to a President not to attempt to
oppose it except for the highest purposes and
such pure motives of patriotism as would pal-
liate a violation of the Constitution itself.
The President himself has yielded to the
validity of this law of Congress by the sus-
pension under its provisions, with a report to
the Senate of his reasons therefor, of the very
officer he seeks to remove in contravention
thereof. If he was correct then, or if we are
right now in our conclusions, how can the re-
moval of Mr. Stanton be justified?
Whatever questiou, however, may be xaised
as to the removal of Mr. Stanton, yet it is
most confidently submitted, even if the Presi-
dent had that power and rightfully exercised it,
there can be no justification for the appoint-
ment of General Thomas as Secretary ad in-
terim under any law. If it be said that the right
to appoint arose from a necessity that there
should be no interregnum of executive actioo>
to that it is answered, no man had ever claimed
a right in the President for that reason to
appoint a Cabinet officer until such officer was
authorized by law. And, us we have clearly
seen, there was no authority to appoint any acl
interim officer from the creation of the War
Department, August 7, 1789, till the enact-
ment of May 8, 1792. It was provided only
the records of the Department were to be left
m the custody of the Chief Clerk, but no person
to act (id interim; and then by that act an ad
interim^ appointment could only be iiio.de in the
case of death, absence, or sickness. There
was an_ executive interregnum in every other
case of vacancy, which continued until the
13th February, 1795, but in that act even there
was no provision for an ad interim appoint-
ment, except in case of vacancy, " whereby
the heads of Departments could not perform
the duties of their respective olSces," but there
was no provision tor other vacancies: and when
General Jackson removed Duane during re-
cess, thus creating a vacancy, he did not ap-
point hoger B. Taney Secretary ad interim,,
but by a nomination to the Senate, presented
at its next session.
_ And so the law remained without any pro-
vision for a Secretary ad interim in case of
vacancy other than by death, sickness, or
absence down to 1863, when the act of February
20 provided that the head of another Depart-
ment or an officer of either Department whose
appointment was vested in the President, might
be authorized ad interim, to perform ihe duties
m case of resignation, death, absence from the
