4464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
Tlie author then makes the following re-
marks :
"This note, taken in connection with the testi-
mony, shows that the Henderson matter was made
'all light.' by Lacey and Craig having1 'soon' Hen-
derson, and that it was 'all right—so says Bvarts/
the senior counsel of the President, who is shown
thereby to have interested himself in knowing that
a Senator had been 'seen' and made 'all right,'
ami in keeping his client informed of the fact."
It will be observed by the reader of this
report that an attempt is made to show that
money was subscribed by the friends of the
President to procure his acquittal. It will be
equally observed by the careful reader that
there is not one scintilla of evidence going to
show that money was raised for any other pur-
pose than to pay the counsel fees of the Pres-
ident. Whether it be right or wrong Tor the
friends of an impeached officer to employ coun-
sel for his defense I shall not undertake to
decide. The laws of all free countries guar-
antee the right to the meanest criminal to be
heard by counsel. If the criminal be too poor
to employ, counsel is furnished at the public
expense. This is the demand of humanity and
of justice. Some will say that the President
should have been defended in this case at the
public expense, and the day may yet come
when the public will pay whatindividual friends
may have left unpaid. On one subject I have
an opinion. The opinion is that it is infamous
in the extreme that this generosity on the part
of the President's friends should be knowingly
perverted into a charge of corruption against
those "who voted for acquittal. The only
alleged talk of bribery anywhere to be found
in this report is by one "Leggett," shown by
his own testimony to be the very incarnation
of corruption and rascality, who, in order to
line his own pockets, offered to sell the votes
of Senator Pomeeoy and four others, all of
whom voted for conviction, for $40,000; and
a statement by one General Adams, who is
denounced in the report itself as wholly un-
worthy of belief, that he wanted some money
for the same purpose. The object of these
two men was evidently to obtain money for
themselves. None was given them; and if it
had been, the corruption would never have
extended beyond themselves.
With this statement 1 return to the note of
Cooper, not, for the purpose of repelling the
insinuations made in the comments upon it,
but for the purpose of showing that the con-
temptible author of this report knew when he
penned it what the Cooper note meaut. He
insinuates that this note, taken 41 in connection
with the testimony," proves something inju-
rious to me. Why does he not publish the
testimony? Cooper, Craig, and Lacey all testi-
fied before this committee, 1 charge that he
suppressed their testimony explanatory of the
note, and published the note, " not in connec-
tion with the testimony, "but without the testi-
mony. This, of course, wasdone with the single
purpose of injuring my character. This fact con-
tains within itself both species of lying knownto
the law—the suppression of truth and the sug-
gestion of falsehood. I cannot conceive what
good purpose this conduct can accomplish. If
it were a larceny of my property T could attrib-
ute it to a well-known infirmity of its author, and
suffer the mantle of charity silently to be drawn
over it. But it manifests a degree of obliquity
and devilish malice indicating total deprav-
ity. The implication here is not only against
myself, but equally strong against Messrs.
Lvarts, Lacey, Cooper, Craig, and the Presi-
dent, with no one of whom, up to the date of
this note, I had ever had one word of con-
versation upon the subject of impeachment.
And now, Mr. President, I send to the Chair
letters from these several gentlemen, written
in answer to notes uddi eased to them, which I
wish to have incorporated in my remarks.
The Chief Clerk read the following letters:
United States Senate Chamber,
washington, Juli/13,
. Dear Sin: In General .Cutler's report from the
impeachment committee I iind the following note
on page 17, to wit:
May 13.
Beak Mr. President: Henderson matter all ii
right. Lacey has been to see him with Craig—all
right—so says Evarts.
Truly, COOPER.
Will you bo so kind as to say to me whether you
sent such a note to the President, and it" so, what is
meant by "the Henderson matter," and also by the
statemont that "Laeey has boon to see him with
Craig?'' ire.
Please state also whether you ever had any con-
versation with me on the subject of impeachment, or
communicated with, mo directly or indirectly on that
subject at any time whatever.
\ our friend and obedient servant, J. B. II.
Hon. Edmund Cooper, Metropolitan Hotel.
Washington, July 15,1868.
Dear Sir: Yours of the 13th July, 1SGS, is before
me, and I hasten to answer it.
I wrote the note alluded to, and mentioned in
General Butler's icport, bearing date May 13,
addressed to the President. '
On the evening of 12th May it was currently re-
ported in Washington that you intended to resign
your position as one of the Senators from Missouri.
This intention caused great anxiety with the Presi-
dent and his fiiends.
On the morning of the 13th May I was informed
by Mr. Lacey that you had abandoned the idoa, and
in using the language contained in the note, " the
Henderson matter all right," I had reference to
nothing else except that you would not resign, and
that if you did not, in my opinion you would vote
for his acquittal.
When, m the hurry of writing the note, I stated
"Laeey has been to see hnn with Craig," I was in
error, as Mr. Lacejr informed me during the samo
interview, but after 1 had written tho note, that, he
had not seen you m poison, but had heard from Mr.
Craig what your intentions were,
1 never had any conversation withyou on the sub-
ject of impeachment at. any time, nor did I ever
communicate with you directly or indirectly on that
subject.
Very truly, EDMUND COOPKIt.
Hon. J. B. Henderson, United States Scuate.
Windsor, Vermont, Jul,ylG, 18G3.
My Dear Sir : Your lettei oi loth instaut, addressed
to me in New York, was fonvaidcd to me hero, and
1 take the earliest moment to lepiy to it, regretting
that even this delay should have occurred.
X have not seen Geneial Butler'h report nor much
notice of it in the newspapers, and your letter gives
mc my first and only knowledge ot the " note" to tho
President, which you have transcribed in >oui letter.
I do not know who 44 Laeey " or "Craig " is, and, to
my knowledge, have never seen either of them, nor
heard of them in any conucction whatever. 1 have
no means of knowledges conjecture what tho writer
of this note referred to as "the Henderson matter,"
except such as thenoto itself furnishes to any reader.
Daring the whole course of the President's trial 1
never had any intercoms^ with Mr. Cooper (though
personally acquainted with him for some years, and
having some early college associations m common
with hnn) except of tho most casual occurrence. 1
never had any interview with him by appointment
or prearrungement, nor a conference or consultation
under any circumstances, as to any means or influ-
ences that should or jniKht be used with you, or any-
body else, iu leference to the President's trial or its
result
In regard to any intercourse or communication,
director indirect, bolweon yourself or myself from
the day I first came to Washington until now, a very
brief statemcntwill dispose ol'the whole ol it. After
the trial had been in progress for some tune, 1 hud
the honor to be intioduccd to you, upon the lloor of
the Senate, by some member ot that body, and be-
yond an occasional interchange of ordinary conver-
sation on the lloor of the. Senate, in which, I am
quite sure, other Senators wero always participants,
I have never had any relations with you whatever,
nor has anything ever passed between us by any
intermediation, written or personal, on any subject
whatever.
1 have, I believe, fully met the inquiries of your
letter, andl&holt bo happy at Jill times to satisfy
any further wishes you may have in reference to this
subject.
It has occurred to me that the true reading of Mr.
Cooper's note may not connect his reference to me
as his authority with the special allusion to " the
jlexderfion-matter," but only witn the second "all
right," as if to say that the general prospect is, as
Mr. Evarts says, favorable. That I early formed the
opinion that the case made against the President did
not admit of a judicial conviction, and that a polit-
ical removal from office would not bo accomplished,
was known to everybody that took the trouble to ask
me, and, doubtless, to Mr. Cooper among the rest.
1 am, my dear sir, with great respect, your obe-
dient servant,
WILLIAM M. EVAPbTS.
Hon. J. B. Henderson, United States Senate.
"Washington, July 20,1808.
Sir: In reply to your note of this date, 1 state that
on the morning ot the 13th day of May last I was
informed that you contemplated resigning yQurseat
in the Seuate, and my visit to you on that day was
simply to advise you, as a personal fiiend of many
years standing, against resigning; and our conver-
sation was confined to that subject.
Ixlid not then know how you intended to vote on
the subjeetof impeachment, and lemarkedto you
that 1 dul not desire to know, that I did not comeibr
that purpose. I also s.nd to you what 1 had pre-
viously said to homo oihers, that behoving you would
vote conscientiously I would defend the\ote in Mis-
souri, without reference to whether you voted for
conviction or acquittal. . T
In my examination before Butler's committee I
was interrogated as to the visit, but neither asked or
permitted to repeat our conversation. ± or a reply to
other matters mentioned m your note I respectfully
refer you to a letter I had the honor of audro.-ssng
to Hon John A. Bingham, of Ohio, n, few days smce.
1 am, sir, respectfully, JAML& OitAxOr.
Hon. John B. Henderson.
Metropolitan IXotfl,
Washington, JuneV, 1868.
Sir* After making several applications through
friends to General Butler for a copy of the report
made by him to the House for the special committee
of the managers of impeachment, of whicn you are
chairman, I to-day succeeded in procuring a copy,
for which I am indebted to the politeness ot Ueneral
Logan. In commenting upon this ^omarkaole docu-
ment, I desire in advance to disclaim any intention
of attributing to you its authorship, or any responsi-
bility for its character. An acquaintance ot more
than twenty-five years gives mo authority ior saying
that you are incapablc of either writing or know-
ingly sanctioning a report made up ol deliberate
perversions of tiuth, and of bald, unolushmg false-
hoods. „
I proceed to notice the report so far as it connects
mc with the impeachment trial, in the lull beLcf
that you could not hare read either the evidence or
the report, and protesting that if it had gone out to
the world as the individual production of Manager
Butler, and not as the joint report of yourself, and
some otlier gentlemen of high character associated
with Butler, upon the committee, I should not have
troubled you or the public with this hasty letter.
I have never indulged in the use of those epithets
so generally applied to General Butler, among the
mildest of which are "Brute," "Beast," "X'hief,"
&z.f fearing that in the political excitment of tho
times his enemies were possibly doing him injustice;
nor could I until now fully realize the pungenc-y of
the language you once applied to him on the lloor
of the House of Representatives, that "he had been
raised in a bottle and fed with a spoon." I can now
" sec the point," and without investigating the origin
or discussing the propriety of the epitnots heretofore
be&towod upon him, tho document now in question
conclusively proves him to be "a great liar and a
dirty dog."
A note purporting to have been written by Mr.
Cooper to the PresiUent, stating that "Henderson
is all right; Lacey has gone to see Dim with Craig; so
says Lvarts," induced your committee to subpoena
me. 1 attended in obedience to the subpeena. luily
determined to answer all questions whatever, proper
or improper, which might be propounded, and upon
my examination, General's Butler and Logan being
the only members of the committee present, I did so
answer.
In my testimony I admitted that I had visited
Senator Henderson, but not with Mr. Lacey; that,
although on terms of intimate friendship with Sena-
tor Henderson, 1 had never felt at liberty to inquire
how he intended to vote on the impeachment until
the night before the vote was to be uken; and that
the Senator having called at my hotel to bid my
family lartwell, and I being about to start for Mis-
souri, I then asked him, as I would leave the city
within a few minutes, to tell mc whether he would
vote next_dayfor conviction or acquittal; and that
when he infoimcd mc of his intention to vote for
acquittal I was astonished, for I had offeiedonlva
few hours before to bet that he would vote for con-
viction on _ one or more of the articles. On my way
totheomnibus I met Mr. Lncey on the sidewalk, and
told him what the Senator had just communicated
to me. lhis was all that occurred between Lacey and
me; and to more completely cxpo-e the perversion
contained m the report, I will add that I never saw
Lacey and Henderson together in my life; and in
addition to this, Mr. Lacey testified bvJore the com-
mitteo that he had seen Senator Henderson but
twice in six years, and on neither ot those occasions
was impeachment mentioned, either directly or in-
directly.
On page 17 of the report appear? the following-
V\ asnotthc information of Leggett oLitheinomiii0,
of the ldth quite correct, that unless the Missouri
delegation got Henderson's pi omisc before twcivo
o clock, to resign or vote for conviction, they never
would get,it, as Craig had gone to see him: and the'-
never did.' '
I quote tho above paragraph to illustrate the thar-
actci of the report. lhisLeggctt is the man who con-
fessedly presented a forged letter purpomne; to t« iuo
Kutnv?*?*1?? ior the UiUe^i gvuhv-
&-iO,000 foi tho votes of eeitam Senn?ois to u-oul-'
audyetBL'TLEU parados his evidence in hi? re m-V
wfb?notybXc£ UlB SanCti°U 01 the "'muuitc* «
rvah P)faonov°V:P0F'State? th'at 1 ^incdWelk,r's
ijooijej, Ali. lAartS one ot thf- Pre-ldem\
counscl, bemg als® a 5,-ucst. Tl ' lUUU s
,cSr$.ahoft by
„1 l?.!iT.0.i,?f0r<',?iven.fhe Stance of my «M>w>ny
i country would be jnojneted ii h
e would a
