8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcB.
December 2,
Iu reporting another case I wrote:
" Legation" or tin: Unitkd States, :
" 1)l,ki,IN. I'rjniiv / -\ 1So2.
« « v * "Therisutof exp.uintirumu^t bo
inm>:e■! upon \n all eases where the miliuiry oblisa-
; uui i rduij has not attached oy an actual summons
1 ~>r <eivk'e, and s'te ^roie<'t'.i>u to the citizen'- of tho
United Stoles under our treaties with the Prussian
andotherUermau tro\ ornments ought to boenlorced.
Lar^e numbers ot Germans, some ot whom have act-
ually seen service in the war asauist the rebellion,
are eomin? to Germany, and the demands for protee-
t.on by the legation are very frequent. I have in
nil ease* advised the parties oi the risk (hat they
are nbout to encounter, and jirom^e them nil the aid
that is in ray power. 1 have adopted a course ot pro-
ceeding that has already saved several parues trom
the gr.it-p of the au; bonnes. Parties arriving ;> U:\eir
h "Hues, the passports i—iied to then by the 1 nited
states Government are demanded ot them fordepoMt
jy tho local police, the police believing that so long
as they retain the passports they are sure ol the par-
tics when they want them. I have advised the young
men that if they couift to Berlin I have authority to
give them passports." « -t   r " l ean-
not snut my eyes to the fact that our present position
has an effect upon the potency of demands that may
be made upon the European Governments, notwith-
st&ndmgsuch Powers may be friendly; and I am con-
soled with the belief that our darkest days are over,
and that the opinions and desires of our Government
will soon be heeded on this side of the ocean."
The present Secretary of State holds the
same views enunciated by General Cass. In
reply to my urgency upon this question he
wrote, under date of 3d April, 136'J:
"DrPARTMrNT of State.
" Washington", April 8, ISO-.
"StB: Your dispatch of February 2S (Xo.lt1) ha3
boen received. I lully approve your proceedings in
retard to the cases of the naturalised American citi-
zens of German birth who have solicited your protec-
tion from the laws of Prussia which require them to
perform military service.
" Tour views upon the general subject involved in
thote cases are very just, as well as patriotic: and
under circumstances different from those with which
we are surrounded it would be a pleasant duty to
authorize a more decided activity on your part in
regard to it. It is obvious however, that the subject
is one which deeply afieets the pride and natural
sensibility of our own country; and whea it shall
once have been opened we must proceed with such
firmae." as would probably involve an inquiry into
the probable consequences of a failure in obtaining
the assent of the Prussian Government to the posi-
tions we should put forth."
And in July of the same year he wrote:
"The views of this Government were correetly
stated by you, and the position we have assumed will
be m aintained. Tbe quoetion ia one, however, which
for the present we must suffer to remain undisturbed:
not because we feel less interest in it than has been
lelt heretofore, but because tho attontion of the Gov-
ernment and people of this country i3 now engrossed
with weightier matters. When a litting time shall
arrive it-will be taken up and discussed with the
Powers interested in a spirit let us hope, that will
insure a prompt and satisfactory disposition of it."
This evil spirit would not down, Mr. Speaker.
Cases constantly occurring called from the
Secretary of State the following, under date
of 7th March, 1803, and it ended my discretion
i(i the matter:
"Department op State,
" Washington, Mmrch 7,1s6t.
"Sib: Tour dispatch of the 2d ultimo, Xo. 10. has
been received. Your proceedings in the cases of
Apelt and Kloss are approved; and your observations
upon others of a similar class, especially with resard
to tho^e whose protection is invoked by parties who
have returned to Prussia with the evident inteation
ofrema''D'ng there permanently, are very just. It is
easy to be foreseen that serious diGiculties and em-
barrassments may ariseifthe appeals of such persons
lor our protection again=t the operation of tho mili-
tary laws of Prussia should be in discriminated pressed
upon the attention of that Government. Instances
have occurred where Europeans who have become
naturalized citizens of tho United States have left
the country when their services were required, and
returned to Europe to avoid needful military duty
hero, and then have invoked the protection of the
United States to screen them froai military duty
there. Henceforth you u-ill make no further applica-
tion! in these military cases without specific instruc-
tions."
T call the attention of the House, Mr. Speaker,
to these extracts for the purpose of showing
the present position of the question, and not of
complainingoftheSecretary, as i believed then
and still think the course dictated by him was
politic and wise. Surrounded as we then
were, and pressed upon these questions by our
citizens in trouble, I can readily understand why
the Secretary of State, while approving of acts
and opinions, should think there would be more
coolness and prudetice in Washington than in
Berlin, and that we must bear these wrongs
whils rebellion was stalking throughout the land.
I submitted, and was compelled thereafter to ask
as a favor what ousrht to lmve been demanded
as a right: and I believe that in every instance
occurring during my service the Prussian Gov-
ernment sooner or later, for cause or as a favor,
discharged the individuals from service, but
never abandoned its position.
We have treaties with Prussia and most
other nations guarantying the right of our citi-
zens to travel and sojourn in their respective
dominions in pursuit of pleasure and business.
Our trade with that kingdom is increasing
daily. But the free enjoyment of these rights
are refused to the naturalized citizen. Chil-
dren taken to America with their parents before
the age of discretion, on returning are sub-
jected to the performance of military duty, and
in one instance the son of a consul of the
United States, taken to the United States at
the age of six years, was notified in March,
1862. while in Berlin pursuing his studies, to
tender himself for enrollment in the army. It
is by virtue of this same claim of perpetual
allegiance that Great Britain is now hanging
and imprisoning men who have never violated
a law of that nation, unless their laws are of
binding force within these United States. Take
the case of Colonel Meanv, acknowledged by
the prosecution to have done no criminal act
within the kingdom of Great Britain, and
he is refused the benefit of the law of that
realm extended to every other nationality ex-
cept that of the American citizen. The laws
of England allow a foreigner on trial upon a
criminal charge the benefit of having a jury in
part of foreigners. Do you suppose, Mr.
Speaker, that Colonel Meany would have
been convicted and sentenced for fifteen years
for words and acts said and done in New York
with one half of that jury loyal Americans? If
this construction of the law is submitted to,
there are several gentlemen now representing
constituencies on this floor that I would advise
not to go on British soil. British courts of
justice start with the presumption that an
irishman is an outlaw. Her legislation has
invited them to resistance by oppression of
years of duration ; and not eontented with the
oppression of those that still remain in that
island they seize an American citizen and
condemn him, not for any act done within
their jurisdiction, but because he was born
there—this same person having at our request
sworn ayegiance to the Government of this
country, and abjured all allegiance to that of
Great Britain.
Irish political trials before a British court
are a mockery and by-word in history. It
remains to be seen whether the United States
will submit to such insults and mockery of
justice.
It was the same with courts and juries in the
mock trials instituted in her courts under the
pretense of punishing her subjects foT a viola-
tion of her neutrality laws in aiding the rebel-
lion against this Government. Her courts did
not and could not administer law justly. Inter-
est, prejudice, and hostile feeling to this coun-
try entered the courts of that realm and con-
trolled their deliberations and discussions. Irish
trials for semi-political offenses and American
attempts to punish the aiders and abettors of
the rebellion against our country stand rela-
tively upon the same footing in British courts.
I do not deny the principle that a foreigner
guilty of an offense against the laws of the coun-
try where he resides is to be tried and punished
according to those laws. But those laws must
be fairly and impartially administered, and if
there is a refusal of justice or a perversion of
law it is the solemn duty of this Government
to protect the citizen against such acts even to
the last arbitrament of nations. Honor, duty,
dignity, all concur in this. I hope for our
common humanity that the reports of arbitrary
and unlawful proceedings are untrue or exag-
gerated. I cannot believe that the represent-
ative of the United States has allowed these
things to pass without protest. It is not in the
heart of a true American to stand by and silently
submit to such wrongs, and I do hope that when
the State Department, furnishes the correspond-
ence we shall ascertain that efforts were made
to protect our citizens. I he duty to see that
the law is properly administered even to the
most guilty is clear and paramount. The adop-
tion of a policy upon this question of allegiance
cannot longer be postponed. Every day adds
to the embarrassment and increases the wrongs
to our citizens. These prosecutions in Eng-
land demand investigation on the part of our
Government. It is its duty to see that law ia
not perverted to produce convictions. The rule
of law that one can be tried only where the
offense is committed is as old as the civilizod
administration of justice in England.
1 repeat, Mr. Speal;er, that the embarrass-
ments growing out of this doctrine are increas-
ing very rapidly. My successor in Prussia
reported that since the close of the war as
many as one hundred persons iu a single
month applied to him for advice ns to how
they should act. To settle this conflict on the
basis of Americanism would possess for me
more attraction than the reputation of having
purchased a hemisphere. 1 regard the protec-
tion of national citizenship as far above the
acquisition of territory; and so I believe the
future historian will write it. At the time of
the rebellion in Ireland in 1848 there were
arrests and imprisonments of American citi-
zens without process, and long confinements
without trial or the preferment of charges; and
oar then minister, Mr. Bancroft, did protest
against such wrongs in the name of the Ameri-
can people. Then, as to day, citizens of the
United States, not guilty of any violation of
the laws of that realm, filled its prisons. I
cannot better close these remarks than by
placing side by side the pretensions of the two
Governments. . I find among the foreign news
in the New York papers of Saturday last the
proceedings of the court when passing sentence
upon Halpin and others. Called upon to know
why sentence should not be passed upon them,
the accused clairacd that the privileges of
American citizenship had been denied them,
and that the lair had been perverted to con-
vict them in refusing the kind of jury author-
ized by British statutes. The Lord Chief .lus-
Uce answered that complaint in the following
language:
"Tha Lord Chief Baron, in passing sonteneo, .re-
ferred to theci«iiios of the prisedereof their American
citizenship. Ilo said tliajt according to British law
they who were bom under the allegiance of the Brit-
ish Crown cannot, by an aot of their own, or by tha
net of any other country orGovornpicnt, bo absolved
from their allegiance. It might be, ho said, a calam-
ity to persons circumstanced astheprisoners at the bar
appeared to be, in accepting the privileges accorded
by tha Government of another State. They did that
which created a conflict between two duties,"
Mr. Speaker, this .is the latest enunciation
of that doctrine of perpetual allegiance, and
under it Halpin is now serving out his term of
imprisonment. To this declaration of Mr. Lord
CMiief Justice I will quote tbe eloquent language
of Mr. Baneroft, used in the protest I hav-e
referred to and addressed to Lord Palmerston
in January, 1849:
"Thus, then, by theRomanlaw, by thelaw of France
and of Germany, by the law ofthe civilized world, by
the policy adopted by Great Britain itself in its col-
onies, foreigners become in naturalization as 'nat-
ural born.' The United States cannot consent to a
denial of this accepted doctrine of ancient and mod-
ern nations. Once naturalized, the persons adopted
by America are no longer Bavarians, nor Prussians,
nor Frenchmen, nor Englishmen. They are Ameri-
cans. Wherever they are found, in whatever pursuit
they are engaged, on land or on board ship, at home
or abroad, everywhere they are Americans. This the
United States have promised; this their faith and
honor are pledged to make good."
At the declaration "lama Roman citizen"
the shackles fell and barbarians paused in their
persecutions. Isthe Republicoimodern times,
whose armed democracy has made a continent
tremble with its tread, to be trifled with? Isthe
appeal "I am an American citizen" to be
treated with contumely and contempt? Decide,
ye Representatives of the people 1
Mr. BANKS. I move that the pending reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations; and upon that motion I call for the
previous question.
