THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
and Executive also in their sphere, would render the
judiciary a despotic branch."
We have no occasion and have not asserted
the right to resort to these extreme opinions
which it is known Jefferson entertained. The
opinions of Madison, more temperate but
equally thorough, were to the same effect.
The coordinate branches of the Government'
must surrender their coordination whenever
they allow a past rescript to be a final bar to
renewing or presenting constitutional questions
for reconsideration and redetermination, if
necessary, even by the Supreme Court.
But we have here some instances of the
courtesy prevailing in the different branches of
the Government in the very severe expression
of opinion that Mr. Manager Boutwei.l in-
dulged in in reference to the heads of Depart-
ments. That is an executive branch of the
Government; and here you are sitting in these
Halls, and the language used was as much
severer, as much more degrading to that branch
of the Government than anything said by the
President in reference to Congress as can be
imagined. Exception here is taken to the fact
that the President called Congressmen, it is
said, in a telegram, "a set of individuals."
We have heard of an old lady not well in-
structed in long words who got very violent at
being called an individual, because she sup-
posed it was opprobrious. But here we have
an imputation in so many words thatthe heads
of Departments are "serfs of a lord, servants
of a master, slaves of an owner." And yet in
this very presence sits the eminent Chief Jus-
tice of the United States, and the eminent
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] and
the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cameron,] all of whom have held Cabinet
offices by this tenure, thus decried and derided;
and if I were to name the Senators who aspire
in the future to hold these degraded positions,
I am afraid I should not leave judges enough
here to determine this cause. [Laughter.]
All know that this is all extravagance. " Est
modus in rebus; sunt ccrti denique fines."
There is some measure in things. There is
some limit to the bounds of debate and dis-
cussion and imputation. I will agree that
nothingcould be more unfortunate than the lan-
guage used by the President as offending the
serious and religious tastes and feelings of a
community, in the observations which ho was
drawn into by a very faulty method of reason-
ing, in a speech that he made at St Louis. The
difficulty is, undoubtedly, that the President
is not familiar with the graces taught at schools,
the costly ornaments and studied contrivances
of speech, but that ho speaks right on ; and
when an obstacle is presented in his path he
proceeds right over it. But here is a rhetori-
cal difficulty for a man not a rhetorician. An
illusive metaphorical suggestion has been made
that he is a Judas. If anybody—I do not care
how practiced he is—undertakes to become
logical with a metaphor, he will get into trou-
ble at once ; and that was the President's dif-
ficulty. He looked around with the eye of a
logician and said, " Judas's fault was the be-
trayal of all goodness. Where is the goodness
that I have betrayed?" And the moment,
therefore, that you seek to be logical by intro-
ducing the name of the Divinity against whom
he had thus sinned, of course you would pro-
duce that offense and shock to our senses
which otherwise would not have been occa-
sioned.
I am not entirely sure that when you make
allowances for the difference between an extem-
pore speech of the President to a mob, and a writ-
ten, prepared, and printed speech to this court,
by an honorable Manager, but that there may
be some little trace of the same impropriety in
that figure of argument which presented Mr.
Carpenter to your observation as an inspired
painter, whose pencil was guided by the hand
of Providence to the apportionment of Mr.
Stanton to perpetual bliss and of Governor
Seward to eternal pains. [Laughter.] But all
that is matter of taste, matter of feeling, matter
of discretion, matter of judgment.
The serious views impressed upon you with
so much force by the counsel for the President
who opened this cause for us, and supported
by the quotations from Mr. Madison, present
this whole subject in its proper aspect to an
American audience. I think that if our news-
papers would find some more discriminating
scale of comment on speeches than to make
the lowest scale "able and eloquent" we
should have a better state of things in public
addresses.
Our position m regard to the speeches is
that the circumstances produced in truth should
be considered, that words put into tlief speak-
er's mouth from the calls of the crowd, ideas
suddenly raised by their unfriendly and im-
polite suggestions are to have their weight, and
that without apologizing, for no man is bound
to apologize before the law or before the ctfurt
for the exercise of freedom of speech, it may
be freely admitted that it would be very weil
if all men were accomplished rhetoricians,
finished logicians, and had a bridle on their
tongues.
And now, without pausing at all upon the
eleventh article, which I leave to the observa-
tions of the honorable Managers among them-
selves to dispose of, I will take up the Emory
article. The Emory article is an offense which
began and ended on the 22d of February, and
is comprised within a half hour's conversation
between the President and a General cjf our
armies.
I dare say that in the rapid and heated course
of this impeachment through the House of
Representatives it may have been supposed
by rumor, uncertain and amplified, that there
had occurred some kind of military purpose or
intention on the part of the President that
looked to the use of force; but under these
proofs what can we say of it but that the Presi-
dent received an intimation from Secretary
Welles that all the officers were being called
away from what doubtless is their principal
occupation in time of peace, attendance upon
levees, were summoned, as they were from the
halls of revelry at Brussels to the battle of
Waterloo, and it was natural to inquire when
and where this battle was to take place; and
the President, treating it with very groat indif-
ference, said he did not know anything about
General Emory, and did not seem to care any-
thing about it; but finally when Secretary
Welles said " you had better look into it, " he
did look into it, and there was a conversation
which ended in a discussion of constitutional
law between the President and the General, in
which the General, reinforced by Mr. Revisrdy
Johnson*, a lawyer, and Mr. Robert J. Walker,
a lawyer, actually put down the President en-
tirely ! [Laughter.] Now, if he ought to be
removed from ollice for that and a new elec-
tion ordered for that, you will so determine in
your judgment; and if any other President
can go through four years without doing some-
thing worse than thai, we shall have to be more
careful in the preliminary examinations iu our
nominating conventions. [Laughter.] I un-
derstand this article to be hardly insisted
upon.
Then come the conspiracy articles. The
conspiracy consists in this: it was all com-
menced and completed in writing ; the docu-
ments were public ; they were immediately
promulgated, and that is the conspiracy, if it
be one. It is quite true that the honorable
Manager who conducted witli so much force
and skill the examinations of the witnesses did
succeed in proving that besides the written
orders handed by the President of the United
States to General Thomas, there were a few
words of attendant conversation, and those
words were, " X wish to uphold the Constitu-
tion and the laws," and an assent of General
Thomas to the propriety of that course. But
by the power of our profession the learned
Manager made it evident, by the course of his
examination, in which he asked the witness if
he had ever heard those words used before
when a commission was delivered to him and
receive for reply that it had not, and that it
was not routine, that they carried infinite
gravity of suspicion!
What is there that we cannot believe in the
power of counsel to affix upon innocent and
apparently laudable expressions these infinite
consequences of evil surmise,when we remem-
ber how, in a very celebrated trial, " chops and •
tomato sauce" were to go through the service
of getting a verdict from a jury on a question
of a breach of promise of marriage? [Laugh-
ter.] Now, "chops and tomato sauce" do not
import a promise of marriage; there is not the
least savor of courtship nor the least flavor of
flirtation, even, in them; but it is in "the hid-
den meaning." And so "the Constitution
and the laws," by these two men, at midday,
and 111 writing, entering into a conspiracy,
mean, we are told, bloodshed, civil commotion,
and war! Well, I cannot argue against it.
Cardinal Wolsey said that in political times
you could get a jury that would bring in a ver-
dict that Abel killed Cain; and it may be that
an American Senate will find that in this allu-
sion to the Constitution and the laws is found
sufficient evidence to breed from it a purpose
of commotion and civil war.
But the conspiracy articles have but a trivial
foundation to rest upon. Here we have a
statute passed at the eve of the insurrection
intended to guard the possession of the offices
of the United States from the intrusion of in-
timidation, threats, and force, to disable the
public service. It is, in fact, a reproduction
of the first section of the sedition act of 1798
somewhat amplified and extended. It is a
law wholly improper in time of peace, for, in
the extravagance of its comprehension, it may
include much more than should be made crim-
inal except in times of public danger. But
the idea that a law intended to prevent rebels
at the South, or rebel sympathizers as they
were called at the North, from intimidating
officers in the discharge of their public duty,
should be wrested to an indictment and trial
of a President of the United States and an
officer of the Army under a written arrange-
ment of orders to take possession of and ad-
minister one of the Departments of the Gov-
vernment according to law, is wresting a
statute wholly from its application. We are
all familiar with the illustration that Black-
stone gives us of the impropriety of following
the literal words of a statute as against a neces-
sary implication, when he says that a statute
against letting blood in the street could not
properly support an indictment against a sur-
geon for tapping the vein of an apoplectic
patient who happened to have fallen on the
sidewalk. And there is no greater perversity
or contrariety in this effort to make this statute
applicable to orderly and regular proceedings
between recognized officers of the United States
in the disposition of an office than there would
be in punishing the surgeon for relieving the
apoplectic patient.
I did not fully understand, though I care-
fully attended to, the point of the argument of
the learned Manager, [Mr. Boutwell,] who,
with great precision and detail, brought into
view the common law of Maryland as adopted
by Congress for the government in the domes-
tic and ordinary affairs of life of the people in
this District; but if I did rightly understand
it, it was that, though there was nothing in the
penal code of the District, and although the
act of 1801 did not attempt to make a penal
code for the District, yet somehow or other it
became a misdemeanor for the President of
the United States, in his official functions, to
do what he did do about this office, because it
was against the common law of Maryland as
applied in this District.
1 take it that I need not proceed on this sub-
ject any further. The common law has a prin-
ciple that when the common law stigmatizes a
malum in se and a felony it may be a misde-
meanor at common law to attempt it and to
| use the means. But the idea that when a stat-
ute makes malum prohibitum, and affixes a
punishment to it if execnt d the common law
adds to that statutory malum prohibitum and
