1807.
The previous question was seconded, and the '!
main question ordered; and under the operation |
thervof the motion to refer was agreed to. ''
LKAVK or ABSKKCB.
Mr. HIGBY asked and obtained leave of ab-
sence for his colleague, Mr. Axteix, for one
week.
EXTRA COnnmATTOS TO CLKKK8, ETC.
Mr. 1,00 AX, by unanimous consent, in tro-
ll net-dab: II to extend the joint resolution giving
addiuoaai compensation to certain employes
in the civil service nt Washington, approved
February -S, 18f>7 : which was read a iirst and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
 . B. AUIN AND CDMVA3Y.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent. introduced a bill to provide for the pay-
ment of D. B. Allen & Co., for services in
earning the United States mail: wbieh was
read a first and secoud time, and referred to
the Comuiitteee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
EXAMINATION or DEPART* KNT RBC0RB8.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution to allow member* of
Congress to inspect papers in the Post QtBee
Department; w hieh was read a first and second
ti<ne, referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post lloads, and ordered to be
printed.
COXTEACTION OF THE CCBBKNCT.
Mt. INGEKSOLL. I desire to make a priv-
ileged motion, that the House now
Before submitting that motion I will state that
my object is to enable tbe Committee of Ways
and Means to have an opportnaity to consider
the bill to prohibit the further contraction of
the currency. I understand that it is the tie sire
of a majority of that committee that they have
time this afternoon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
fnggest to my colleague {Mr. IsgESS(tli,] that
we can accomplish his purpose equally as well
bj simply granting the committee leave to sit
wring the sessions of the House.
Mr. IXGEltSOLL. That is very tree; but
as that has not been proposed, by any onS, I
trust the House will aajour for the purpose I
have indicated.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would inquire of the
Chair whether there is any order of the pres-
ent Congress authorizing the Committee of
Ways and Means to sit during the sessions t>f
the House ?
The SPEAKER. There ie not.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move that -the
committee hare that privilege.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. INGERSOLL. T insist upon my raotioq
that the House now adjourn.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to ask my colleague
[Mr. In'gerroll] if he has not time to report
the bill he was instructed a few months ago to
report, prohibiting the sale of ardent spirits in
die District of Colombia? [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am not aware that
any such bill is required by the members of
this House.
The question was upon the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at two o'clock and thirty minntes p. m.) the
Honse adjourned.
vate company K, Merrill's horse, asking for
relief.
Bv Mr. EGGLESTON: A memorial of W.
G. burrows, protesting against the Govern-
ment of the united States continuing iu the
stationery business.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Captain
T. H. Benton Hazlcton, of the fourth Michi-
gan cavalry, praying for payment of award for
the capture ot' Jefferson Davis, so-called pres-
ident of the late confederate States.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of George
Wilson for an impropriation as compensation
for his services in detecting the Camp f)ouglas
conspiracy.
By Mr. GETZ: Six memorials, signed by
561 citizens of Berks county, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against the passage of any law
by Congress which will interfere with regula-
tion of the right of suffrage in the State of
Pennsylvania by the people thereof, and extend
the right to vote to persons of color, in viola-
tion of tbe provisions of the constitution of.
said State.
By Mr, HOPKINS: Thapetitiou of Major
T. F. Steven^, asking for the passage of a law
crediting him with 4 certain sum.
By Sr. INGERSOtL: Papers in tbe case
of John F. Winslow.
By Mr. LA WHENCE, of Ohio: The peti-
tion of the Capitol watchmen, for an equalisa-
tion of their compensation with tlie Capitol
police.
By Mr. MALLORY: The memorial of Mary
E. Harris and Others for relief.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of citizens
of Auburn, Maine, for a pension to Cyrus D.
Wood. , .
By Mr. SCHENCIC: The petition of Hugh
Monson, of Stafford county, Virginia, praying
to be reTieved from penalties incurred by par-
ticipation in the late rebellion.
Also, the petition of John A. McDonald, of
Chatham county, North Carolina, praying to
be relieved from liabilities incurred by par-
ticipation in tbe late rebellion.
By Mr. TRIMBLE: The petition of Daniel
Hodge and other colored citizens of Tennes-
see, praying for compensation due them from
the United States Government.
By Mr. WINDOM: A petition of citizens
of the District of Colombia for a charter for a
horse railroad from the intersection of Seven-;
teenth street and Pennsylvania avenue, run-
ning north on said Seventeenth street to its
intersection with K street, and thence along
Connecticut avenue to Boundary street, and
along Taylor's lane in a northwesterly direc-
tion to or near the county line of the District.'
petitions, ktc.
The following petitions, Ac.; were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Wade
H. Griffin, administrator, Ac., of Cahawba,
Alabama, in regard to notes not stamped with-
out fraudulent intent.
By Mr. CARY: The petition of Mrs. Bridget
0'Conner, widow of Richard O'Conner, pri-
TN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 3,1887.
Pfrajer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
Hon. Aaron H. Cragik, of New Hampshire,
appeared in his seat to-day.
CORRECTION OF TITE JOURXAL.
The Secretary read the Journal of yesterday.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I move to amend the
Journal by striking out the word "honorable"
wher&frer it occurs as a prefix to the names of
the members who were present yesterday.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would inquire of the
Chair for information—ho can obtain.it.from
the Clerk—if the term has been used hereto-,
fore in the Journals of Congress?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I am told
Oiat it has been the uniform practice ever since
tbe Government was organized.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ao not think It ought to
be changed, then.
Mr. BUCKALEW. if any member of the
Senate ifr .anxious to retain this practice in
particular 1 certainly have no strong opinion
about it. I think there is groat impropriety m
our making up the Journal in that way, which
we.are daily supposed to vote upon and adopt,
and for that reason I have submitted the mo-
tion. This practice grew up as an act of the
Clerk or Secretary of the Senate. It was never
adopted by the Senate. There is no rule on
1 the subject. 1 confess I have always, in look-
ing over the Congressional Journals, felt a little
nervous at seeing this parade'of an unoeeeS',
sary addition to the names of the members of
the body: and now, in tho beginning of .the
Fortieth Congress, at Its first regular session,,
I supposed, by a quiet Vote without debate, it
might be dropped.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire of
the Senator whether this movement of his is
intended as a plank in the Democratic jtlutfora 
in the coming election or not? ,[Laughter.]
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have never beeu con-
cerned in making platforms, and! never expect
to be.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, to amend the Journal by striking out
the word "honorable" wherever it appears
before the names of members.
The motion was agreed to.
BTAttDINQ COMMITTEES.
] Mr. ANTHONY. Before the morning busi-
ness comes in I will move to proceed to the
election of standing committees, and .then the
business e n be referred as it comes, .iu. I
move that the Senate now proceed to,tb|e elec-
tion of the standing committees of the body, ;
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Unanimons' con-
sent -of the Senate that the rule which requires
tho committees to bo elected by ballot be dis-
pensed with.
The PiiEKipfiNT pro iewtpors. The Chair
heaw ao objection, antf the rule is dispensed
,
Mr. ANTHONY. I send a list of commit-
tees to the desk, which I uominate. '
The Secretary read the list, as follows : " n.
! On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Sumner,
, (chairman,> fesaeaden, Cameron, Harlan,
| Morton, Patterson of New Hampsblsfey ;&o<I
Johnson. -
On Finance—Messrs. Sherman, (chairman,)
Morgan, Williams, Van Winkle, Cattell, flen-r
derson, and Morrill of Vermont
On Appropriations — Messrs; Morrill of:
Maine, (chairman,) Grimes, Howe, • Wilson,
Cole, Conkling, and Guthrie. i
Oh Commerce—Messrs. Chandler, ( ehaiiv
man,) Morrill of Maine, Morgan, Sprague, Go >:
bett, Patterson of Tennessee, and Doolittle.
On Manufactures—Messrs. Sprague, (chair-
; man,) Pomeroy, Yates, Cole,aad Diion.'
On A<frimtlture~~-M&Bsaa. Cameron, (chair*
, man,) Cattell, Morton, Tipton, andH&ttthrie. .
j On Military Affairs and tbe Militia—Messrs.
| Wilson, (chairman,) Howard, Sprague, Cam-
j eron, Morton, Thayer, and Doolittle.
| On-Naval.Affair•—Messrs. Grimes, (chair-
man,) Anthony, Cragin, Nve, Frelintfhuysen,
Drake, and Hendripks, '■
On theJuditiary-^Witsmt*. Trumbull, (ehaiH
nan,) Stewart, Fralntghoyseti, Edtnundsf,
Conkling, Johnson, and Hendricks.
On Post- Offices and Pott Roads—'Messrs.
Ramsey, (chairman,) Conness, Pomeroy, Van
Winkle, Harlan, Morrill of Vermont, and
Dixon.
OnPublic Lahd*r-$le&9t . Powerey, (chair-
man, ) Stewart, Edmunds, Cattell, Williams,
Tipton, and Hendricks. \
Oil Private Land Messrs. Williams,
(chairman;) Howard, Ferry, Norton, and Bay-*
ard. '
• On Indian jljfaifS—Messrs. Henderson,'
(chairman,) Morrill of Maine, Rosa, Corbett,
Thayer, Buckalew, and Doolittle.
On jPemioTis—^Messrs. Van Wirikle, (chair-
man,) Edmonds, Trumbull, Fowler, Tipton,
Davis, and B&yard.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Nye,
(chairman,) Chandler, How*, Patterson of
Tennessee, and Conness.
On Claims—Messrs. Howe', (chairman,)
Willey, Frelinghuysen, Howard, Morrill of
Vermont, Cole, and Davis.
