1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139<|
seat of Government, or sickness only, and so
the law stands at this day. There is yet no
provision for appointment ad interim in case
of removal from office of the head of a Depart-
ment.
Now, how is Lorenzo Thomas appointed?
Stanton is neither dead, sick, abseut, nor re-
signed, '' whereby he cannot perform the duties
of his office." Again, we ask from what legal
authority comes the appointment of Lorenzo
Thomas? He is thrust into office as Secretary
of War by usurpation of power by the Execu-
tive, and by that only.
Again, if the President pretends to have
acted under the provisions of the act of Feb-
ruary 20, 1863, which repeals all former acts
of appointment ad interim not only by the sub-
stitution for them of its own enactments but by
the express provision of its second section,
which repeals all other acts and parts of acts
inconsistent therewith, he is still acting with-
out authority of law, because that act gives
power to the President only to authorize the
head of another executive department or an
officer of either of the Departments to act ad
interim.
Now, Lorenzo Thomas is an officcr of the
United States Army only, and in no just sense
or legal language can be termed an oliicer of
the War Department appointed by the Presi-
dent, who must be a civil officer, as the War
Department is a portion of the civil service
and not of the military, service of the United
States. Peeling confidence in our conclusions
as the palpable violations of law by the Presi-
dent, as well ill the removal of Sir. Stanton as
in the appointment of his successor ad interim,
and standing impiegnably as to the latter, there
remains but one further question for discus
sion. Is such executive action, thus unwar-
ranted by law, a high crime and misdemeanor
within the meaning of the terms as used by
the framers of the Constitution? To ascertain
this one of the best sources of knowledge
would be contemporaneous acts and declara-
tions by those who framed it. In the discus-
sion of the power of removal to which we have
adverted, which took place immediately upon
the adoption of the Constitution, even before
Rhode Island (one of the original thirteen
States) had been admitted into the Union un-
der it, when itwas objected that if this power of
removal were put in the hands of the President
he might use his power of removal—
" So as to render the officer a mere State-dependent,
the abject slave of a person who may be disposed to
abuse the conlidonco his fellow-cimens have placed
in him"—
It was answered by Mr. Lawrence—
"If the President abuses his trust will he escape
popular censure? And would he not be liable to
impeachment lor displacing a worthy and able man
who enjoyed the ooniidence of the people"—
Like Mr. Secretary Stanton, for example?
Again, Mr. Madison says :
"The danger consists mainly in this: tliat the Pres-
ident can displace irom otlico a man whose merits
require he should be continued m it. In the first place
he will be impeachable by the House tor such an act
of maladministration, for I contend that the wanton
removal of meritorious officers would subject him to
impeachment and removal irom Ins own high uust."
Mr. Vining also remarked:
" It the Pmidont removes a valuable officer, which
seems to be the gieat danger the gentleman from
South Carolina apprehends, it would be an act of
tyranny which the good sense of the nation would
never lorget."
And Mr. Baldwin declares—
"Such an act an abuse of power."
Not a single member of that Congress in the
entire debate dissented from these views.
If the tenure-of-office act is the law of the
land then the President has diiectly brought
himself within its piovisions as guilty of a high
misdemeanor, for myself, 1 put very little
stress on this latter suggestion.
I reject with the utmost unspeakable loath-
ing, scorn, and contempt the pretended legal
dogma that the President is only impeachable
lor indictable crimes, as unsound in law,_ fal-
lacious in reasoning, and dangerous in princi-
ple.
The legal mind of the country has passed
40th Cong. 2d Sisss.—So. 83.
upon it, rejected it, and there is none now "so
poor to do it reverence" save perhaps discon-
solate legal abortion.
We have thus far discussed the quality of
the acts complained of as pure questions of
law; but we cannot shut our eyes to the pre-
cedent and surrounding circumstances which
determine the purpose of these illegal doings
of the Executive. If we were certain of purity
of intention and patriotism of motive we might
pass over, if we could not forgive, these viola-
tions of law now presented at our bar; but we
mournfully remember the act by which the
President was inducted into liis high office ;
his change of purpose, which became so pain-
fully evident in the summer of I860 ; the men,
fresh from the halls of treason and the fields
of blood, whom he took for his friends and
counselors; his attempt to usurp the powers
of Congress in reestablishing the governments
of the rebellious States ; his open defiance of
the laws in restoring the southern railroads
and other property to their rebellious owners,
although justly forfeited by the outraged laws
of the country; his appointment to odice of
those who dared not add perjury to treason by
taking the test-oath prescribed by law, while
he made public avowal (using his own chaste
language) that he would "kick out of office"
every true man who should sustain the Congress
of the United States; the shameless brokerage
in pardons which went on with his knowledge,
if not by his connivance, extending not only to
political offenses but to felons and murderers
and the counterfeiters and forgers of the law-
ful money of the nation, which other rulers
hold to be petty treason and worse than murder;
his public attacks upon Congress and threats
to overthrow it; the indiscriminate use of the
veto power, to a greater extent than that of all
other Presidents who have preceded him com-
bined, to prevent the passage of wholesome
laws; his obstinate opposition, both open and
covert, to every law passed by Congress over
his vetoes to reconstruct the Government and
bring back the country to its former condition of
peace and prosperity—for that purpose consort-
ing and conspiring with, traitors and inaugurat-
ing the massacres and assassinations of Nashville
and New Orleans; his refusal to allow asingle
murderer to be punished in the southern States,
where Union men, under his rule and because
of his non-execution of justice, have been slain
by thousands; his attempt by military orders,
backed by the opinion of his legal adviser, to
thwart the execution of the acts of Congress by
the military commanders who were charged
therewith; his taking advantage of the provis-
ions of the very civil-tenure act which he now
declares unconstitutional to suspend the effi-
cient officer whom he now seeks to remove,
for no other reason than that he has opposed
his nefarious designs; his compassing the
removal of the faithful servant of the country,
the gallant Sheridan; his attempt to draw into
a conspiracy with himself the general officer
of the armies of the United States, so as to get
possession of the military force with which to
execute his purposes of subverting the Gov-
ernment, a corrupt undertaking in which he
was so nearly successful that we have to dis-
believe his own plighted veracity and that of a
majority of his Cabinet to doubt whether he
did not in fact succeed; each and all point to
the single conclusion that what we arc now
examining is but one act in the drama which, if
performed to its purposed close, wouid^ be
the overthrow of the Congress of the United
States, the abrogation of its laws, and the res-
toration to power of that rebellion which the
valor of our Army and Navy has subdued.
For a tithe of these aets of usurpation, lawless-
ness, and tyranny our fathers dissolved their con-
nection with the Government of King George,
for less than this King James lost his throne
and King Charles lost his head ; while we, the
Representatives of the people, adjudge only
that there is probable eause shown why Andrew
Johnson should be deprived of the office he has
desecrated and of the power he lias abused,
and if convicted by the court, to which we shall
send him be forever incapable of filling that
office, the ambition to be again nominated to
which has been the moving spring of all these
crimes.
MESSAGE KilOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. FoKtrBT,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution (S. R. No. 1X4) di-
recting that the Government of Great Britain
be supplied with certain volumes of the Narra-
tive of the Exploring Expedition, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill (S. No.
306) for the protection in certain cases of per-
sons making disclosure as parties or testifying
as witnesses; andabillfS. No.229)fortherelicf
of Horace Smith and D. B. Wesson, or their
assigns ; when the Speaker signed the same.
admissions to the tloor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
that the families of members be admitted upon
the floor.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. I object.
IMPEACHMENT OF TIIE PRESIDENT AGAIN.
Messrs, CHURCHILL, GOLLADAY, AX-
TELL, HUBBARD of West Virginia, MAL-
LORY, and SMITH addressed the House.
[See Appendix.]
Mr. PRUl'N obtained the floor, but yielded
forthree minutes to his colleague, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. This proceeding is as unwar-
ranted as it is unprecedented. The President
has been guilty of no legal nor moral offense
under the Constitution and laws. The grounds
on which this resolution of impeachment is
sought to be maintained are frivolous, tech-
nical, and utterly unworthy of serious attempt
at refutation. If any branch of the Govern-
ment has been guilty of high crimes and mis-
demeanors it is that which would usurp all
power and make the coordinate branches sub-
servient to its will and to its selfish partisan
designs. The President has been careful to
maintain his oath of office, which requires him
"to preserve, protect, and defend the Consti-
tution to the best of his ability." And this is
"the extent of liis offending and no more."
If this House, aided by a like spirit and for a
like motive in the Senate, shall consumma,te
this procedure and displace the Chief Magis-
trate of the nation under so slight a pretext, it
will commit an offense greater in its effect than
that attempted by the leaders of secession in
18(51. Their effort was to accomplish territorial
disintegration ; this effort is to disorganize and
disrupt the Government itself. If carried
through the public credit receives a fatal blow,
because the instability of our political institu-
tions becomes manifest, and this basis upon
which now rests all monetary and proprietory
interests will be shaken.
As a consequence to this the great industrial
pursuits will be paralyzed, taxation be mate-
rially enhanced, the currency yet further depre-
ciated, trade and commerce deranged, and the
people, taught by the example of Congress, will
learn to disrespect and disregard the authority
of officialpower, so necessary for the protection
of life, liberty, and property. Thuswouldsocial
and political evils follow alike subversive of
private and public good.
Will the necessity for the removal of the
President justify the probability of such results?
Can the American people affbrd such experi-
ments at this time? Is our national condition
in that secure position as to warrant an experi-
ment so fraught with possible dangers ? If such
considerations have no weight with the major-
ity of this House, can that party bear the re-
sponsibility which it will thus incur ? Can it
take upon itself the odium of such an extraor-
dinary and revolutionary proceeding ? Can it
escape from the consequences incident to so
violent a remedy for imaginary wrongs when
no motives of public good will sustain it?
