2418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Maf'1%,
ment read, I will to my friend from Mary-
land. _ It might/be well for the Secretary to
read it in connection with the text of the hill.
Mr. JOIJ&SON. I think that should be
. done.
The §rth section of the bill was read, as fol-
Skc. 5. And be it further enacted. That when the
mayor, board of aldermen, andcommon councilsliall
bo assembled in joint convention, as provided for in
this aot, they shall by a majority voto designate a
hank in wttioh the various mouoys of the city of
Washington shall be deposited; and they shall mako
such regulations in relation to the modo in which
such funds shall be kept and paid out. as shall be
deemed advisable for tho interests of tho city; and
within five days after such designation a certificate
of the bank selected shall be made out and placed
in the hands of tho president or cashier thereof, and
thereafter it shall not be lawful to retain or deposit
the funds of the city, or any part thereof, in any
other bank or place.
The amendment was to add to the section
the words " unless by order of the board."
Mr. SUMNER. That is a very proper
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
■ The last amendment was to add to the bill
the following additional section :
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the firstscc-
tion of the act entitled "An act to regulate tho elect-
ive franchise in tho District of Columbia," passed
January 8,1867, bo, and thesamo is hereby, amended
so as to require electors in the city of Washington to
reside in the ward or election precinct in which they
shall offer to vote fifteen days prior to tho day of any
election, instead of three months: Provided, That
said section shall not be construed as conferring tho
elootive franchise in said city on non-commissioned
officers, soldiers, sailors, or marines, in tho regular
service of the United States, stationed or on duty in
said city, except such as may have become actual
residents with their families in saidcity for one year
previous to any election: And provided further,'i^hat
no person claiming to be a naturalized citizen shall
be registered as an elector, nor shall tho name of
any such person be retained on the list of voters
without the production of his naturalization papers
or duly certified copios thereof or satislactory proof
of the loss of the same; and for the purpose of cor-
recting: said list as regards the aforesaid classes of
persons and in all other respects the judges of elec-
tion shall meet in some proper place in said city be-
tween the hours ofnine o'clock a. m. and seven o'clock
p. m., on three days instead of two days as now re-
quired: And provided further. That all tho original
lists of voters, both boforo and after their correction,
shall remain in the custody of the member of the
board of judges first named in their appointment by
the supreme court of tho District of Columbia, and,
in the event of his removal, or resignation, in the
custody of his regularly appointed successor, cxcopt
when being copied tor publication and for the use
of the Commissioners of Election, and said original
lists shall at all times be open for the use and inspec-
tion of either of said judges: And provided further.
That no property qualification shall be required for
any of the otfices of said city, and that three days
prior to any election each hoard of commissioners
of election shall appoint two clerks to assist them
in registering the names of voters in their respective
election precincts, and in making returns of the
elections, who shall be sworn before tho clerk of the
supreme court of said District, truly and faithfully
to perform their duties, and for any misconduct in
office be subject to the same penalties to which said
commissioners are now subject: And provided fur-
ther, That it shall be the duty of the judges of election
to make any regulation and give any notico which
may be proper or necessary to carry out any of the
provisions of this section.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I would
like to ask the chairman of the District Com-
mittee whether I am right in my impressions
on hearing that section read, whether the
amendment of the House provides for a reduc-
tion of the residence in the ward or election
district from three months to fifteen days ?
Mr. HARLAN. It does.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know the origin
of that amendment; but I undertake to say
that under that provision a party having in a
city a majoiity vote, taking the whole number
of wards or districts together, may so equalize
it as to carry the election in the entire city
without any reference to the residents in the
districts or wards at all; that temporary resi-
dences can be obtained and taken and had in
districts for fifteen days in such a manner as
to entirely put the vote of the permanent resi-
dents of that district at the mercy of what are
called in common parlance colonizers. As I
have said, I do not know what the origin of
this amendment is; bi}t I undertake to say
that it is not to promote legal voting, nop f-hfl
interests of the permanent residents of a city.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I suppose
the object of the House in proposing this
amendment will be manifest to every Senator.
The ' election occurs in this city under exist-
ing laws on the 1st of June, and it is known
to every one that a large per cent, of the popu-
lation of every city change their residence in
the spring or beginning of the summer months,
and as tho law now stands they will have to
reside in their new homes three full months
before they can vote, although they may have
resided in the city a full year or for ten years
for that matter; and it is to enable these per-
sons that change their residence in the city
from one part of the city to another, who
otherwise are legal voters, to cast their votes
at the regular election. There may be some
objections to it; but there are certainly very
serious objections to the disfranchisement of
so many citizens as usually change their place
of residence at the beginning of the summer
months.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not think there is a
provision in the election laws applicable to
any State of the Union where the residence
required is less than thirty days in the district,
either in city or country; and the object of these
provisions is clearly to prevent the manipula-
tion of voters and the transfer of them fraud-
ulently from district to district. Now, sir, I
am in favpr of keeping up to some extent the
morale of our elections, and I ask of .the
Chair whether an amendment is in order to
the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The
amendment is susceptible of amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I move, then, an amend-
ment, to substitute thirty days for fifteen days.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I do
not know that this amendment of the House
of Representatives is so bad to this bill after
all. I think that the fifth section of the bill as
it passed the Senate is intended to favor some
particular bank. It is a regulation by which
some particular banking institution shall get
the use of the funds of the corporation by the
election of some board, instead of leaving the
treasurer of the city to make his deposits
wherever lie thinks it may be safe to make
them. The amendment of the House is sim-
ply to provide for the carrying of an election.
As the voters now are in the District, I sup-
pose there is some uneasiness as to the result
of the election in June, as I understand from
the Senator from Iowa it is to eome off in
June. Fearing that that election may not be
satisfactory a proposition is made now, right
upon the eve of the election, "to change the
election law, and to change it in a very im-
portant particular—not to make the integrity
of the election more secure, but to make it
more uncertain; to reduge the time of resi-
dence in the precinct from three months to
fifteen days, so as to make it quite impossible
that the people residing in the District shall
know those who come here to vote. If we
want fair elections in the District of Columbia
certainly this amendment ought not to prevail,
in my judgment. It is not consistent with the
legislation which the experience of the States
lias proven to be necessary. I do not believe
in this special legislation with a view to par-
ticular elections, nor this special legislation
with a view to particular banks.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I entirely
concur with the honorable member from Cali-
fornia as to the impolicy and the injustice of
the amendment. It will, or to speak with per-
fect accuracy it may, certainly be used for a
fraudulent purpose. This city now contains a
population of several thousand colored men
who are voters. I do not know in what partic-
ular wards they are now living, but of course
they arc living in some ward. It may bo the
object to carry all the wards, because it may be
desirable not only to elect a mayor who may
be approved of by the aggregate number of
votes, but to elect a common council; and if
that is the case, all that will be necessary to do,
if the amendment of the House becomes a part
of tho law, will lie to take those colored people
into the wards which are desired to be carried,
and then for two weeks pay their board. How
are the judges to ascertain that the movement
is not a colorable one for the purpose of effect-
ing a favorable result at the election ?
Such a provision is not to be found in any
of the cities with whose election laws I am ac-
quainted ; a much longer time than fifteen days
is provided. 11 is not to be found in any of the
States with reference to the counties into which
they may be divided. There the residence re-
quired is generally six months. The object of
making the term of residence a comparatively
long one is to secure against frauds in the man-
agement of the election. It may be^ true that
some might be disfranchised if a residence of
three months is required, as far as the election
in the particular ward is concerned : but the
man is not disfranchised in the choice of a
mayor; or if he were, it is much more import-
ant, I think, to the interest of good govern-
ment that a few men should be disfranchised
by their own act of moving from ward to ward
or from county to county than that a law
should pass which would enable those who de-
sired to manipulate the election for their own
purposes to perpetrate a fraud upon the elec-
tion system. I shall vote, therefore, for the
amendment suggested by the honorable^ mem-
ber from California, to increase the period of
residence to thirty days.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, the only
objection to this amendment that suggests
itself to my mind is the necessity that would
follow of returning the bill to the House of
Representatives for their concurrence in our
amendment to their amendment. That prob-
ably could be done if the House should not
adjourn over.
Mr. JOHNSON. That can be done to-
morrow.
Mr. HARLAN. Thirty days, perhaps, would
not be too long if the question was an original
question presented to the Senate. -1 will ob-
serve, however, in relation to the remarks of
the Senator from Maryland, that I think it is
hardly fair to impute an improper motive to the
House.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not say so.
Mr. HARLAN. I understood the Senator
to say that it might have been the purpose of
the authors of this amendment 
Mr. JOHNSON. If I did, I did not mean
it. What I meant to say was that the law
might be so used—not that the law was passed
for the purpose of being so used. I never cast
reflections on the House, or upon any member
of cither branch, designedly.
Mr. HARLAN. I know the Senator would
not do so, and liencc I called his attention to
the phraseology he used.
I would make this additional remark, that if
the result should follow which the Senator
suggests, that by the removal from ward to
ward a council or a board of aldermen should
be elected a majority of whom would be in
favor of the views of a majority of the inhabit-
ants of the city, it would be more in accord-
ance with my ideas of correct government than
to have the law so framed as to enable aminor-
ity of the inhabitants of the city to control the
board of aldermen or the board ofeouncilmen.
I therefore cannot a^ree with him in that
reason suggested by him for agreeing to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia. I will not individually vote for the
Senator's amendment; but if it" should be the
judgment of the Senate that it would bo proper
to extend the time to thirty days instead of
fifteen days I shall not oppose it.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President. I must say
that I doubt seriously the expediency of the Sen-
ate undertaking to amend the amendment of the
House. I believe that that amendment is sub-
stantially according to the practice in other
places and also according to the suggestions
of good policy.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him what the rule in the city of
Boston is under the laws of Massachusetts in
reference to the residence of voters?
