360
SUPPLEMENT TO
punishment a common law punishment, for
attempting it, when the statute itself has not
included an attempt within it, I apprehend is
pot supported by any authority or any view of
tb e law ; and I must think that it cannot be sup-
posed in the high forum of a court of impeach-
ment as making a high crime and misdemeanor,
that the President of the United States, in de-
termining what his powers and duties were in
regard to filling offices, should have looked into
the common law of the District of Columbia
because the offices are inside of the District..
Then, upon the views presented of the con-
spiracy articles, let us see what the evidence
is. There was no preparation or meditation
of force; there was no application of force;
there was no threat of force authorized on the
part of the President; and there was no ex-
pectation of force, for he expected and desired
nothing more and nothing less than that, by
the peaceful and regular exercise of authority
on his part, through the ordinary means of its
exercise, he should secure obedience, and if,
disappointed in that, obedience should not be
rendered, all that the President desired or ex-
pected was that, upon that legal basis thus
furnished by his official action, there should be
an opportunity of taking the judgment of the
courts of law.
Now, there seems to be left nothing but those
articles that relate to the ad interim appoint-
ment of General Thomas and to the removal
of Mr. Stanton. 1 will consider the ad interim
appointment first, meaning to assume, for the
purpose of examining it as a possible crime,
that the office had been vacated and was open
to the action of the President. If the otlice
was full, then there could be no appointment
by the authority of the President or otherwise.
Tile whole action of the President manifestly
was based upon the idea that the otlice was to
be vacated before an ad interim appointment
could possibly be made, or was intended to
take efl'ect.
The letter of authority accompanied the
ordei of removal and wasofeour.se secondary
and ancillary to the order of removal, and was
only to take up the duties of the office and
discharge them if the Secretary of War should
leave the office in need of such temporary
charge.
1 think that the only circumstance we have
to attend to before we look precisely at the law
governing ad interim appointments is some
suggestion as to any difference between ad in-
terim appointments during the session of the
Senate and during the recess. The honorable
Managers, perhaps all of them, but certainly
the honorable Manager, Mr. Boktwkli,,, has
contended that the practice of the Government
in regard to removals from otlice covered only
the ease of removals during the recess of the
Senate. It will be part of my duty and labor
when I come to consider definitely the question
of the removal of Air. Stanton to consider that
point, but for the purpose of Mr. Thomas's
appointment no such discrimination needs to
be made. The question about the right, of the
Executive to vacate an office, as to be discrim-
inated between recess and session, utiles out
of the constitutional distinction that is taken,
to wit: that he can only fill an office during
session by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, and that lie can during the recess
commission—it is not called tilling the office,
or appointing, but commission by authority, to
expire with the next session.
But ad interim appointments do not rest,
upon the Constitution at ail. They are not
regai ded, they never have been regarded as an
exercise of the appointing power in the sense
of filling an office. They are regarded as fall-
ing within either the executive or legislative
duty of providing for a management of the
duties of the office before an appointment is
or can properly be made. In the absence of
legislation it might be said that this power be-
longed to the Executive ; that a part of his duty
was, when he saw that accident had vacated an
office or that necessity had required a removal,
under his general authority-and duty to see
that the laws are executed, he should provide
that the public service should be temporarily
taken up and carried on. I do not think that
that is an inadmissible constitutional conclu-
sion.
But it might equally well be determined that
it was a casus omissus, for which the Constitu-
tion had provided no rules and which the legis-
lation of Congress might properly occupy.
Prom the beginning, therefore, as early as
1792 and 1789, indeed, provision is made for
temporary occupation of the duties of an office,
and the course of legislation was this: the
eighth Section of the act of 1792, regulating
three of the Departments, provided that tem-
porary absence and disabilities of the heads of
Departments, leaving the office still full, might
be met by appointments of temporary persons
to take charge. The act of 1795 provided that
in case of a vacancy in the office there might
be power in the Executive which would not
require him to fill the office by the constitu-
tional method but temporarily to provide for a
discharge of its duties. Then came the act of
18G3, which in terms covers to a certain extent
but not fully both of these predicaments ; and
I wish to ask your attention to some circum-
stances in regard to the passage of that act of
3863. I have said that the eighth section of
the act of 1792 provides for filling temporarily,
not vacancies but disabilities. In January,
18t>3,#the President sent to Congress this brief
message, and Senators will perceive that it
relates to this particular subject:
To the Senate and lloufe of Representatives :
1 submit to Congress the expediency of extending
to other Departments of the Government thu au-
thority coiifoil e<t <in tho Piesident by the c-i/.'htb sec-
tion of tho act of tile Sili of May, 1702, to appoint a
person to temporarily discharge the duties of Secre-
tary of State, Secretary ot tho Treasury, and Secre-
tary of War, in easo of tho death, absence trom tho
seat of Government, or sickness of either of those
oflicors. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, January2, lsiiu.
That is to say, the temporary disability pro-
vision of the act of 1792, which covered all
the Departments then in existence, had never
been extended by law to cover the other De-
partments, and the President desired to have
that act extended. The act of 1795 did not
need to lie extended, for it covered "vacan-
cies" in its terms and was applicable to other
Departments, and vacancies were not in the
mind of the President, nor was there any need
of a provision of law for them. This message
having been referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, the honorable Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] the chairman of that com-
mittee, made a very brief report; I believe
this is the whole of it, or rather a brief state-
ment in his place concerning it, in which he
said:
" There have been several statute on the subject,
and as the laws now exist lite President ot itle United
States has authoi ity t ctnporari ly to titi tlioofiico of
Se-TCtaiy ot State and Secretary of "War wilh one of
tlic other Secrotaiies by catting some person to dis-
ohaiy,o tiio dutie.-w"
The other Department was the Treasury.
"Wo received communications from tile President
of (lie United States asking thatlhe law beextended
to the other Kxecutive I>{ oartments of the Govern-
ment, winch seems to tie proper; and we have framed
a. bill to cover all of thoso ea-es, so that whenever
there is a vacancy^ the President, may temporal ity
devolve the duty of one of the Cabinet ministers on
another Cabinet minister, or upon the chief offloer
lii the Dopaitmeiit for the time being,'."
Here there does not seem to have been
brought to the notice iu terms of the Senate or
of the honorable Senator the act of f 795; noth-
ing is said of it; and it would appear, there-
fore, as if the whole legislation of 18('>3 pro-
ceeded upon the proposition of extending the
act of 1792 as to disabilities in office, not vacan-
cies, except that the honorable Senator uses
the phrase "vacancies'' and that he speaks of
having provided for the occasions that might
arise. The act of 18ii3 does not cover the case
of vacancies except by resignation, and it is
not, therefore, a vacancy act in full. It does
add to the disabilities which the Pre^dent had
asked to have covered, a case of resignation
which he did not, ask to have covered, and which
did not need to be covered by new legislation,
because the act of 1794 "embraced it. But this
act of 1803 does not cover all the cases of
vacancy. It does not cover vacancies by re-
moval, if removal could be made, and we sup-
posed it could in 1868 ; it does not cover the
case of expiration of office, which is a case of
vacancy provided there are terms to office.
Under that additional light it seems as if
the only question presented of guilt on the part
of the President in respect to the appointment
to office ad interim was a question of whether
he violated a law. But Senators will remark
the very limited form in which that question
arises. It is not pretended that the appoint-
ment of Thomas, if the office was vacant, was
a violation of the civil-tenure act; that is, it
is not pretended in argument, although per-
haps it may be so charged in the articles;
because an examination of the act shows that
the only appointments prohibited there and
the infringement of which is made penal is
appointing contrary to the provisions of that
act, as was pointed out by my colleague, Judge
Curtis, and seems to have been assented to in
the argument on the other side; that an ap-
pointment prohibited or an attempt at an
appointment prohibited relates to the infrac-
tion of the policy and provisions of that act as
applied to the attempt to fill the offices that
are declared to be in abeyance under certain
predicaments. I believe that to be a sound
construction of the law, whether assented to
or not, not to be questioned anywhere.
Very well, then, supposing that the appoint-
ment of General Thomas was not according to
law, it is not against any law that prohibits it
in terms, nor against any law that has a penal
clause or a criminal qualification upon the
act. What would it be if attempted without
authority of the act of 1795, because that was
repealed, and without authority of the act of
18(53, because General Thomas was net an offi-
cer that was eligible for this temporary employ-
ment? It would simply bo that the President,
in the confusion among these statutes, had
appointed or attempted to appoint an ad interim
discharge of the office without authority of
law. You could not indict him very weil for
it, and 1 do not think you can impeach liiin for
it. There are an abundance of mandatory laws
upon the President of the United States, and
it never has been customary to put a penal
clause in them till tho civil-tenure act of 18G7.
But on this subject, the ad interim appoint-
ments, there is no penal clause and no positive
prohibition in any statute. There would be,
then, simply a defect of authority in the Pres-
ident to make the appointment. What, then,
would be the consequence? General Thomas
might not be entitled to discharge the duties
of the office; and if ho had undertaken to give
a certificate as Secretary ad interim to a paper
that was to be read in evidence in a court, and
a lawyer had got up and objected that General
Thomas was not Secretary ad interim, and had
brought the statutes, the certificate might have
failed. That is all that can be claimed or
pretended in that regard.
But we have insisted, and we do now insist,
that the act of 1795 was in force; and that
whether the act of 1795 was or was not in force,
is one of those questions of dubious interpreta-
tion of implied repeal upon which no officer,
humble or high, could be brought into blame
for having an opinion one way or the other.
And if you proceed upon these articles to exe-
cute a sentence of removal from otlice of a
President of the United States, you will pro-
ceed upon an infliction of the highest possible
measure of civil condemnation upon him per-
! sonally, and of the highest possible degree of.
! interference with tho constitutionally elected
] Executive dependent on suffrage that it is
possible for a court to inflict, and you will rest
it on the basis either that the act of 1795 was
repealed or upon the basis that there was not a
doubt or difficulty or an ignorance upon which
a President of the United States might make
an ad interim, appointment of General Thoma3
for a day, followed by a nomination of a per-
manent successor on the succeeding day. Truly,
