10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 3,
On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Har- j
lan, (chairman.1 Sumner, Henderson, Willey,
Patter son ot' New Hampshire, Corbett, and
Patterson of Tennessee.
On Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs.
Willey, (chairman,) Sherman, Thayer, Ferry,
and Norton.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Messrs.
Fessenden, (chairman,) Trumbull, Grimes,
Ferry, and Johnson.
On Territories—Messrs. Yates, (chairman,)
Nye, Cragin,Fowler, Ramsey, Ferry, and Davis.
On the Pacific Railroad—Messrs. Howard,
(chairman,) Sherman, Morgan, Conness, Ram-
sey, Stewart, Wilson, Harlan, and Drake.
To Audit and Control the ContingentExpenses
of the Senate—Messrs. Cragin, (chairman,)
Drake, and Buckalew.
On Engrossed BiUs—-Messrs. Fowler, (chair-
man,) Sumner, and Norton.
On Mines and Mining—Messrs. Conness,
(chairman.) Stewart, Chandler, Anthony,
Yates, Conkling, and Guthrie.
Joint Committee on Printing—Messrs. An-
thony, (chairman,) Ross, and Johnson.
Joint Committee on Enrolled Bills—Messrs.
Ross, (chairman,) Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, and Dixon.
Joint Committee on the Library—Messrs.
Morgan, (chairman,) Howe, and Fessenden.
Joint Committee on Retrenchment—Messrs.
Edmunds, (chairman,) Williams, and Buck-
alew.
Joint Committee to Revise and Fix the Pay
of the Officers of the two Houses—Messrs.
Fessenden, (chairman.) Sherman, and Buck-
alew.
To Examine the Claims and Accounts for
Repairs and Furnishing the Executive Man-
sion—Messrs. Harlan, (chairman,) and Nor-
ton.
On Ordnance—Messrs. Howard, (chair-
man.) Cameron, and Drake.
On Revising the Rules of the Senate—
Messrs. Anthony, (chairman,) Pomeroy, and
Edmunds. I
Mr. EDMUNDS. I notice in the reading of i
the list of the Senate members of the Cqmmit- j
tee <4 Retrenchment thatonly three are named. |
The committee, since that print was made, prob- '
ably has been increased to four. Hon. Mr.
Patterson, of New Hampshire, was the other
member of the committee. I move to amend
the list, as I presume the omission is merely
inadvertent, by adding the name of Mr. Pat-
terson, of New Hampshire, to that committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made, no objection being made.
The question is on the adoption of the list of
committees which has been read. !
The list was adopted. j
petitions and memorials. jj
Mr. NYE presented the petition of Margaret :
Iliddle, widow of George Read Riddle, praying I
to be remunerated for property taken by the
military forces of the United States and applied
to their use; _ which was referred to the Com- ,
mittee on Claims. |
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of
M. N. Iladovich, praying payment for the
tharter of his boat Diana for the conveyance
of troops, and payment for the value of said
boat, it having been lost in the Government
service; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Connecticut, for the passage of imme-
diate legislation to secure to women equal suf-
frage in the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of Julius
W. Knowlton. late second lieutenant of com-
pany C fourteenth regiment Connecticut vol-
unteer infantry, lor compensation for services
rendered as commanding officer of that com-
pany from June -3. 1S0S, to January 11, 1864;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili- !
tary Affairs and the Militia. i
J He also presented a petition of citizens of
1 Connecticut, praying that a pension be granted
to Charles MeElroy, late a private in company
K seventeenth regiment Connecticut volun-
teers ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Mary n. Burke, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Trevett
Abbott, lieutenant commander United States
Navy, praying that he may be restored to the
list of active officers of the United States Navy ;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of Ly-
dia P. Diggins, of Cornish, New Hampshire,
aged eighty-four years, widow of Martin Dig-
gins, a revolutionary pensioner, praying for an
increase of her pension from seventy dollars
per annum to the same amount allowed the
widows of revolutionary soldiers married prior
to 1800; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
George H. Mott, private of company D fourth
Michigan cavalry, praying that the reward for
capturing Jefferson Davis may be paid to his
captors; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a memorial of
clerks and other employes in the civil service
at Washington, praying for an extension of
the joint resolution approved February 28,
18G7, granting them additional compensation;
which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Nebraska, praying for the establish-
ment of a tri-weekly mail route between Ne-
braska City and Lincoln, in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
bills referred.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 70) authorizing Rear Ad-
miral H. K. Thatcher to accept a decoration
from the king of the Hawaiian Islands was
taken from the table and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. ROSS, the bill (S. No.
1-58) to grant certain privileges to actual set-
tlers on lands ceded to the United States by
Osage Indians, in Kansas, was taken from the
table and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, the bill (S.
No. 150) to establish a national school of
mines was taken from the table and referred
to the Committee on Mines .and Mining.
president's annual message.
Mr. Robert Johnson, the President's Sec-
retai]y, appeared below the bar, and said: Mr.
President, I am directed by the President of
the United States to deliver to the Senate a
message in writing.
The document having been handed to the
Chair and opened, was announced to be the
President's annual message.
The Secretary, [John W. Forney, Esq.,]
read the message. [It will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which, under the rule, was referred
to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That the message of the President of the
United States, with the reports of the heads of De-
partments, without the accompanying documents,
! |,e printed,and that three thousand additional copies
be printed for the use of the Senate.
finance report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the annual report of the Secretary
of the Treasury on the state of the finances ;
which, on motion of Mr. Sherman, was referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to
bp printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. In connection with that
report I wish to submit v.-hat I believe is the
usual motion, that three thousand extra copies
be printed. That motion, I believe, under the
rules, must go to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will be so referred.
currency report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate the annual report of the
Comptroller of the Currency; which, on motion
of Mr. Sherman, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and ordered to bo printed.
bill introduced.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 159)
relating to the Western Pacific railroad; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
t11e national banks.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved. That the Secretary of tho Treasury bo
requested to report to the Senate the amount and
character of taxes collected from the national banks
for each year since their establishment, and tho
amount of taxes levied and collected by the several
State9 upon the stock .of said banks as nearly as it
can be ascertained; also the amount of bonds depos-
ited with tho Government as security for national
bank currency, with the amount of interest paid
thereon annually in gold, and tho value thereof in
legal-tender notes.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from Indiana that he amend the
resolution by including in the amount of na-
tional taxes paid by these banks the amount
paid in the form of licenses.
Mr. MORTON. I will accept the sugges-
tion, and modify the resolution by inserting
the words "including the amount paid for
licenses."
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
reference of the message.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Ordered, That so much of the annual message of
tho President and the accompanying documents aa
relates to th# finances be referred to the Committee
on Finance.
On motion of Mf. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message
as relates to foreign relations be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Eelations.
territory of new mexico.
Mr. TIPTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories bo
instructed to inquire into tho expediency of so
amending the organic act of New Mexico as that tho
Governor shall have no greater power ovor the legis-
lation of said Territory than the President of tho
United States has, under the Constitution, over tho
legislation of Congress.
the public debt.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 00) pledging the faith of the
United States to the payment of the public
debt in coin or its equivalent, which I had the
honor to introduce at the last session.
Air. FOWLER. I do not mean to object to
the consideration of that resolution, but 1 hope
the Senator from Vermont will defer it for a
few days.
Mr. POMEIIOY. I understand that there
is no intention of proceeding with its consider-
ation to-day; but, if it be now taken up and the
Senate then adjourns it will be in order for
to-morrow. I suppose that is the intention.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. Now the resolution being
taken up, I move that tlie Senate adjourn.
llie motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
