1867.
Wm OON&ttBSSIONAL GLOBBj
nr
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Ti'esikvy, Dtcember 8,1867. ,
The Hoase met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
colorado miutia.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War
ad interim, transmitting a statement of the
Adjutant General'> OfBco, relative to the set-
tlement of the accounts of the Colorado mili-
tia who were employed in the military service
in 18W and i860; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affair*, and ordered to
be printed.
SCHUYLKILL AKSCNAL.
The SPEAKER also laid before the Home
• communication from the Secretary of War
ad interim, transmitting a communication from
the Quartermaster General, submitting a plan
and estimate for repairing the wharf at Schuyl-
kill arsenal, Pennsylvania; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
ARSENAL AT BOCK ISLAKD, ILLINOIS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the Home
a communication from the Secretary of War
adtntarim, transmitting a draft of a joint reso-
lution explanatory of certain acta in relation to
the arsenal at Rock Island, Illinois; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
OFFICERS OP nfllRlt DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
ad interim, transmitting a communication from
the Chief of Engineers, recommending the pas-
sage of an act for the settlement of the accounts
of certain officers of the engineer department;
which w«p referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affair*, and ordered to be printed.
pcblic buildings is new yobk, etc.
* The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War [;
ad interim, transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of the House of the 26th ultimo, a
statement relative to buildings leased by the
United States in New York and Brooklyn for
public purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
ADMISSION OP DCS BRET.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I ask that the
Journal be amended touching the bill which I
introduced yesterday for the admission of Des-
eret into the Union. That bill was, as I under-
stood, ordered to be printed, although ft ft not
«o journalized.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman as desiringthe bill printed.
If there is no objection, the printing of the bill
will be ordered.
There was no objection.
PARTITION OP TEXAS.
common schools toe the district.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I have understood that the select
committee to which was referred during die
last session the bill to establish a system of
common schools for the District of Colombia
has expired with the elose of that session. I
therefore ask consent to reintroduce that bill,
that it may be again referred to a select com-
mittee.
There being no objection,
Mr. STEV hNS, of Pennsylvania, introduced
a bill to establish a system of common schools
for the District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
this bill will be referred to a select committee
of five, to consist of the same members that
composed the similar committee during th«
last session.
There was no olgectiou, and the bill was so
nforrsd.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unauimous consent to introduce a resolution
relating to the partition of Texas.
The 8PBAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let the resolution be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Tfcaofocrf, That the Committee on Reconstruction
he instructed 1o inquire into the expediency of divid-
ins tha territory Utaky known as the Stats of Texas
into two or more States, to bo admitted in to the Union
when only qualified.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think that one State
of Texas is enough to be held under despotic
government. I object to the introduction of
the resolution.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The reso-
lution proposes merely an inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The resolution proposes
to refer ab inquiry to the committee on recon-
struction, the effect of which would be to revive
that committee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist on my objection.
TAX <HT SPIRITS.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce a resolution
concerning the tax on spirits.
The SPEAKER*. The resolution will be read
for information, after which objection can be
made.
The Clerk read as follows:
lifolved, Ttut the Committeoof Ways and Means
be instructed toinqaire in to the propriety of so amend-
ing the revenue laws as to ascertain and assess this
valno aeeordiog to the eapicity of tbe veeiel instead
of the pretest mode.
Those beiag no otyection, the resolution was
introduced and adopted.
INSPECTION OP POST OtPICI RSOORpS.
_ Mr. JULIAN entered, for future considera-
tion, a motion to reconsider the vote by which
House joint resolution No. 99, to allow mem-
bers of Congress to inspect papers in the Post
Office Department was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
census in conquered territory.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent to offer a resolution rela-
tive to a census in conquered territory.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to make a statement in regard to this resolu-
tion. It is a House resolution inquiring into
the expediency merely of taking this census,
so that we may be ready for the admission of
these States when they are prepared to come
into this Union. It is iB order that there may
be no delay when they have shown their fitness
for admission. ,
Mr. CHANLER. I do notthink the neces-
sities of the case as presented by the chairman
of the committee ought to change ray views.
I do not think at this time the census of these
States can be taken; certainly not bythe chair-
man Of the committee, who denies their exist-
ence as States. Unless they are States, unless
they have their former territorial limits, this
motion is entirely out of order. The people
of a State do not exist when there is no State.
■Mr. STEVENS,! of Pennsylvania. I will
not take up the time of the House. I only
desire to facilitate the admission of these States.
I offered the resolution that we might be ready
provided they should come with satisfactory
Constitutions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the
morning hour commenced?
The SPEAKER. It has.
LEAYB OP ABSENCE.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, I have been
requested by my colleague, Mr. Finney, who
is tying dangerously ill in Switzerland, to ask
for him indefinite leave of absence.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly. ' '
kentucky election cases.
Mr. COOK. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. J submit from the Committee of elec-
tions b report on the cases of certain claimants
for seats in this House from Kentucky. As I
shall move it be now considered, I ask that the
report may be read.
The Clerk proceeded to read the report.
mbssaob prom tbi president.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by his Private
Secretary, Robert Johnson, Esq.
KENTUCKY ELECTION CASKS AGAIN.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the further
reading of the report in the Kentuoky cases be
suspended, and as the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections has given notice that he will
to-morrow call up another Kentucky case let.
this report go over till then, when we can have
it before us m print and carefully examine it
Mr. COOK. I have no objection to that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope that will not be
done. These gentlemen ought not to be kept
longer waiting. If this report seats any of
them let them be sworn in this day.
Mr. COOK. The reading of the report has
nearly been concluded.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not think that the
House is ready to act upon this report until it
has gotae through the usual form of being
printed.
Mr. BOYER. Let the motion be so modi-
fied as that the reading ofthe report shall only
be suspended till after the reading of the Pres-
ident's message.
Mr. MAYNARD. I shall object to thw
teport being considered until'it is printed.
To-morrow Is' the earliest time in which that-'
ean be done, and I persist in my motion.
Mr. CHANLER. I understand the gentle-1
man from Tehnessfce withdraws his motion
until the report is I'ead.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose the under-
standing ofthe Speaker will be the understand-
ing of the House. I cannot undertake to fur-
nish understanding for all of my friends.
The SPEAKER. After the reading of the
President's annual message and its reference
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union this report will come up unless its
postponement is insisted on.
Mr. BURR. I rise to a question of order.
Is it in order to interrupt the reading of a priv-
ileged report with a motion to postpone ?
The SPEAKER. It always has been usual
to suspend the pending businfessr before the
House to rend the annual message of the Pres-
ident when it is received.
Mr. MAYNARD. As this will give rise to'
debate, I move that the reading of the report
he suspended, and the Clerk now proceed to
read the President's annual message.
The motion was, agreed to.
president's annual message.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a privileged
question. I understand the paper now pre-
sented to the House is the annual message of
the President of the United States. Now,'I
wish to call the attention of the House and the
country to the fact that this message is printed
this morning in many of the leading papers in
our great cities. I hold in my hand the Balti-
more Gazette, containing a copy of the message
in fall. It is a paper addressed to the Senate
and House of Representatives of the United
States, as required by the Constitution. It is
sent to Congress in the exercise of a constitu-
tional duty. I hold it to be disrespectful to the •
Congress of the United States that this paper
should first make its appearance in the public
prints of the country before being communi-
cated to Congress itself, to which it is directed.
Rumor fays that some hanger-on about the
White House or some favored individual has
made traffic of it and sold it in the different
cities.1 If that be the case it renders it mors
disrespectful to the Congress of the United
States and the law-making power.
I will not object to the message being read,
though I might properly do so under these cir?
cumstauces, because wc owe respect to the
groat office whjeh that man holds although wo
