1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2419
Mr. SUMNER. I wish I were able to an-
swer the Senator accurately on that head.
Mr. CONNESS. I can answer the Senator
as to my State.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not so well informed,
perhaps, in regard to Massachusetts as the Sen-
ator is in regard to California.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, Mr. President, I
am sorry to hear it.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish I were better in-
formed in regard to Massachusetts. But I
understand that in most of the considerable
towns the requirement is of ten or fifteen days
in a ward, at least I am so told by those who
ought to know. Whether that is the require-
ment in Massachusetts I am not able to say.
But it seems to me that we here in Washing-
ton ought to have the least requirement which
is found in any State, and for this reason :
Washington is composed, more than any other
considerable town, of boarding-houses; people
live forashorttimein one place and then move
to another ; they may be one month in one
ward and another month in another ward, i
think that your_ legislation ought to take that
into consideration ; it ought to provide for that
peculiarity of this place and allow persons
whodochangctheir residence—it maybe month
by month, or from three .months to three
months—to vote where they find themselves on
the day of election, provided they have been
there a reasonable number of days before. It
seems to me the requirement of the House of
Representatives is reasonable. I should like
to appeal to the Senator from California under
the circumstances to withdraw his proposition
and not press it to a vote. I perceive, how-
ever, that he does not hear me.
Mr. CONNESS. I do.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don.
Mr. CONNESS. I always hear the Sen-
ator when he speaks.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that it is
hardly worth while on this account to send
this bill back again to the House of Represent-
atives. It has made one journey there, and
now another journey to the Senate. Why send
it back to the House, with the chance that per-
haps they will reject our amendment to their
amendment, and thus interpose another delay ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts whether that is a usual argument
where the House attaches an amendment con-
taining an original proposition in 110 way con-
nected with the bill that the Senate considered
and passed ?
Mr. SUMNER. Sometimes it isand some-
times it, is not. On some bills it is an excel-
lent argument, and on other bills it is a very
poor argument. With the present bill I con-
sider it an excellent argument.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then it depends, I
understand, altogether on the purpose which
somebody wants to accomplish.
Mr. SUMNER. Not precisely that; it de-
pends upon the measure. Now, I think, all
things considered, it is better that this measure
should be acted upon at once and brought to
a conclusion, without any more amendments,
without any more journeys between the two
ends of the Capitol.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
have but a word to say, and that is in answer
to the question the Senator from California
put to the Senator from Massachusetts as to
the custom in other cities. I have just been
informed by_a gentleman from the West that
the custom in the cities of the West is to re-
quire a less time than fifteen days—ten days.
Mr. SUMNER. Even ten days.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Even ten days, and 1 believe that in some of
the eastern cities persons are only required to
live in a ward four or five days, or time suffi-
cient to register their names, instead of ten or
fifteen days. I think the custom is to have a
less time than that named in this case, and it
would hardly be worth while to delay the bill
by making this amendment.
_ Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I have
risen to say that the time in Pennsylvania is
ten days. We find it ample, and I can see no
reason why there should be more in this town
than in the towns of Pennsylvania.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I am not quite positive
as to what the practice is in the city in which
I reside; but my strong impression is that a
person living in the city, having his residence
there, may register his name at any time before
the registry is closed, and change it from one
ward to another if he wishes a change of resi-
dence. The object is simply to inform those
who receive the votes that he has a right to
vote in the particular ward by finding his name
on the list; and I believe that the practice is,
even if he changes his residence before the
time when he gives his vote, if his name has
been entered on the list in a particular ward,
he may vote there. I do not think any time
is required except enough to make certainty as
to the fact.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not entirely concur
in these statements. In cities the rule, I think,
will be found to be like this: first, it is neces-
sary to divide the wards into many voting dis-
tricts. In the city of New York there are ten
or more districts in a ward, twelve or fifteen,
as the case may be. The residence required
in the county is an extended residence for a
vote; in a ward a lesser amount of time ; and
in a sub district of a ward stiil less; the rule
being kept up for the purpose of preventing
the system now commonly known as colonizing
votes.
But my object, Mr. President, was not to
delay the passage of this bill, nor to impute
any such purpose as may be carried out per-
haps under it; and it is not often, I believe,
that the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, who appears to feel great interest in this
bill and regards it as a special case, makes an
appeal such as he has made to me, and when
he has made it, I believe, I have never refused.
So I will, at his instance, withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. BUCKALEW. T renew the amendment
of the Senator from California, and I desire
to make a remark upon it. In the first place,
in the present stage of this bill, it can be re-
turned to the House of Representatives and
actedupon finally to-day without any difficulty.
In the next place, a word as to the point made
by the Senator from Iowa that an election is
to be held early in the month of June. Why,
sir, a limitation of thirty days before that time
would allow the ordinary spring changes of
residence ; and therefore that argument would
not apply to a limitation of thirty days, although
it might have some force in regard to the ori-
ginal limitation of three months.
In our States ordinarily there is a long pe-
riod of time required for residence in the State
for citizenship in the State, and then, beside
that, a residence in the election district. I do
not know how it may be under the election
laws of the District of Columbia; but if this
three months' residence is all that is required
in the District, if there is no lon'ger period of
'time required of an elector to be an inhabitant
and a citizen of the District of Columbia, we
ought to be very careful in reference to what
provision we make in this particular.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 will say to the Senator
.that I think the law now fixes the time of resi-
dence in the city at one year.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That is a reasonable
provision as to that. Now, to change the pres-
ent rule from three months down to thirty
days, I think is but a reasonable proposition,
one to which we ought to accede, because it
accords with what has been done elsewhere in
other sections of ihe country.
Mr. President, I venture to say that two
thirds of all the frauds in our city elections
arise from change of residence on the eve of
elections, what is commonly called coloniza-
tion. I am confident that in the city of Phil-
adelphia two thirds of all the election frauds
tha.t are there committed are from this source;
and enlightened by my observation and experi-
ence in other places I am strongly of opinion
that this limitation of thirty days in reference
to the right of voting in the District of Colum-
bia is necessary to preserve the purity of elec-
tions in this District; and as it is a change
from ninety days to thirty days, seducing the
amount at present required two thirds, I think
we ought to concur with such an amendment.
I therefore renew the amendment of the Sen-
ator from California, and I call for the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me that the
necessity for a long residence in the election
precinct where a man offers to vote is not so
great in a community where there is a registry
of the voters as in one where there is no regis-
try. _ In this city there is a registration, and
I think fifteen days' residence in the election
precinct is enough to require. Fraudulent re-
movals and false voting can be readily detected
with a proper registry system. I see no good
reason for changing this time from fifteen days
to thirty days under the present law; there
might have been some reason under the old law,
when a registry of voters was not required.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Buckai.ew] to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 31; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Ferry, Hendricks, Johnson, MeCreery, Norton, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Ross, Saulsbury.Sprague, Vink-
ers, andWillcy—1;>.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, C.itiell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling.Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Fessen-
den, Ilarian, Henderson, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson of Ne;v Hamp-
shire, Pomeroy, liamsey, Sherman,Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, VauWinkle, Wade, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—31.
ABSENT.—Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Doolittle,
Fowler. Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Howard, and Mor-
rill of Maine—8.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives was concurred in.
Mr. CAMERON. I now renew the motion
to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 12,1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
special agents of the post office.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Postmaster General,
transmitting, in compliance with House reso-
lution of the 10th of March, a list of special
agents appointed, compensation received, those
notreeeiving any compensation, &c.; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
ratification of state constitutions.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following letter from the General of the
Army of the United States :
Headquarters Army of the United States,
Washington, D. €., May 12,186$.
Sir : In compliance with resolution of the House
of Representatives of May 11, 18(38,1 have the honor
to submit the following statement of the number of
votes east for and against the constitutions of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Louisiana, and
Alabama, as reported by the several district com-
manders :
North Carolina—Votes for constitution, 9-,o90 {
again&t constitution. 71,820. , .
Mouth Carolina—Votes for constitution* 7", 'Op;
against constitution, 27.2SS. _ . _
Georgia—Votes for constitution ; againss
constitution, 71,309.
