THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m*
indeed, we ate getting very nice in our measure
and criticism of the absolute obligations and
of the absolute acuteness and thoroughness of
executive functions when we seek to apply the
process of impeachment and removal to a
question whether anwtet of Congress required
him to name a head of a Department to take
the vacant place ad interim, or an act of Con-
gress not repealed permitted him to take a
suitable person. You certainly do not, in the
ordinary affairs of life, rig up atrip-hammer to
crack a walnut.
[ think, Mr. Chief Justice, that I shall be
able to conclude what I may have to say to the
Senate further within certainly the compass of
an hour; and as the customary hour of ad-
journment has been reached, I may, perhaps,
he permitted to say that I feel somewhat sensi-
bly the impression of a long argument.
Several Senators. Go on, go on.
Mr. HENDEKSON. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Missouri moves that the Senate, sitting as a
court, of impeachment, adjourn until to-morrow
at twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate, sitting for the trial of the impeachment,
adjourned.
Friday, May 1, 1868.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Kergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Hepresentatives and the
counsel for the respondent, except Mr. Stan-
bery arul Mr. Curtis, appeared and took the
seats assigned to thein respectively.
The members of the House of Representa-
tives, as in Committee of the Whole, preceded
by Mr. E. B. Wasiibubke, chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
and Clerk, appeared and were conducted to
the seats provided for them.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings of
the Senate, sitting for the trial of the impeach-
ment, was read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators will please
give their attention. The counsel for the Presi-
dent will proceed with the argument.
Mr. EVAIITS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, I cannot but feel that notwithstanding
the unfailing courtesy and the long-suffering
patience which for myself and my colleagues
I have every reason cheerfully to acknowledge
on the part of tho court in the progress of this
trial and in the long argument, you had at the
adjournment yesterday reached somewhat of
the condition of feeling of a very celebrated
judge, Lord Ellenborough, who, when a very
celebrated lawyer, Mr. Fearije, had conducted
an argument upon the interesting subject of
contingent remainders to the ordinary hour of
adjournment, and suggested that he would
proceed whenever it should be his lordship's
pleasure to hear him, responded, "The court
will hear you, sir, to-morrow; but as to pleas-
ure, that has been long out of the question."
[Laughter.]
Be that as it may, duties must be done,
however arduous, and certainly your kindness
and encouragement relieve from all unneces-
sary fatigue in the progress of the cause. We
will look for a moment, under the light which
I have sought to throw upon the subject, a
little more particularly at the two acts, the
one of 1795 and the other of 1863, that have
relation to this subject of ad interim appoint-
ments. The act of 1795 provides:
"That in ease of vacancy in the office of Secretary
of State, Secrctaiy of the Treasury, or of the Secre-
tary of the Department of War, or of any officer of
either of the said Departments, whose appointment
is in The heart thereof, whereby they cannot perform
tho duties of tticir said respective offices, it shall be
lawtul for the President of the United States, in ease
he shall think it necessary, to authorize any person
or persons, at his discretion, to perform the duties
of the said -respective offices until a sueeessor be ap-
pointed or such vacancy be filled: Provided, 'JPhat no
one vacancy sha.it be supplied in manner aforesaid
for a longer term than six months."
The act of 1863, which was passed under a
suggestion of the President of the United
States, not for the extension of the vacancy
act which I have read to the other Departments,
but for the extension of the temporary-dis-
ability provision of the act of 1702, does pro-
vide as follows:
" In case of the death, resignation, absence from
the seat of Government, or sickness of the head of
an;-executive Department of the Government, or of
any officer of either of tho said Departments whose
appointment is not in tho head thereof, whereby
they cannot perform the duties of their respective
offices, it shall be lawful for the President of the
United States, in case he shall think it necessary, to
authorize"—
Not "any person or persons," as is the act
of 1705, but—
"to authorize the head of any other executive
Department or other officer in either of said De-
partments whose appointment is vested in the Pres-
ident, at his discretion, to peiform the duties of the
said respective offices until a successor be appointed,
or until such absence or disability by sickness shall
cease: Provided, That no one vacancy shall be sup-
plied in manner aforesaid for a longer term than six
months."
It will be observed that the eighth section of
the act of 1792, to which I will now call atten-
tion, being in 1 Statutes-at-Large, page 281;
provides thus:
"Xha.tin case of the death, absence from the seat
of Government, or sickness of the Secretary of State,
Secretary of the Treasury, or of the Secretary of the
War Department, or of any officer of either of the
said Departments, whoso appointment is not in the
head thereof, whereby they cannot perform the du-
ties of their rcspectivo othccs, itshall bo lawful for
the President of the United States, in case ho shall
think it necessary, to authorize any person or per-
sons, at his discretion, to perform the duties of the
said respective offices until a successor be appointed,
or until such absence or inability by sickness shall
cease."
I am told, or I understand from the argu-
ment, that if there was a vacancy in the office
of Secretary of War by the competent and
effective removal of Mr. Stanton by the exer-
cise of the President's authority in his paper
order, there has come to be some infraction of
law by reason of tho President's designating
General Thomas to the ad interim charge of
the office, because it is said that though under
the act of 1795, or under the act of 1792, Gen-
eral Thomas, under the comprehension of
"anyperson or persons," might be open to the
presidential choice and appointment, yet that
he does not comc within the limited and re-
stricted right of selection for ad interim duties
which is imposed by the act of 1803 ; and it
seems to have been assumed in the argument
that the whole range of selection permitted
under that act was of the heads of Depart-
ments. But your attention is drawn to the
fact that it permits the President to designate
any person who is either the head of a Depart-
ment, or who holds any oflice in any Depart-
ment the appointment of which is from the
President; and I would like to know why Gen-
eral Thomas, Adjutant General of the armies
of the United States, holding his position in
that Department of War, is not an officer ap-
pointed by the President, and open to his
selection lor this temporary duty ; and I would
like to know upon what principle of ordinary
succession or recourse for the devolution of the
principal duty any officer could stand better
suited to assume for a day or for a week the
discharge of the ad interim trust than the Ad-
jutant General of tho armies of the United
States, being the staff officer of the President,
and the person who stands there as the prin-
cipal directory and immediate agent of the War
Department in the exercise of its ordinary
functions ?
I cannot but think it is too absurd for me to
argue to a Senate that the removal of a Presi-
dent of the United States should not depend
upon the question whether an Adjutant Gen-
eral was a proper luryni tenens or not, or
whether entangled between the horns of the
repealed and unrepealed statutes the President
may have erred in that on which he hung his
rightful authority.
_ Let nae call your attention now to an exer-
cise of this power of ad interim appointment
as held in the administration of President Lin-
coln, at page 582 of the record, before the
enactment of the statute of 1863. You will
observe that before the passing of the act of
1863 there was in force no statutory authority
for the appointment of ad interim discharge
of the offices except the acts of 1792 and 1795,
which were limited in their terms to the De-
partments of War, of State, and of the Treas-
ury. You have, therefore, directly in this
action of President Lincoln the question of
ultra vires, not of an infraction of a prohibit-
ory statute with a penalty, but of an assump-
tion to make an appointment without the ade-
quate support of an enabling act of Congress
to cover it, for he proceeded, as will be found
at the very top of that page:
I hereby appoint St. John B. L. Skinner, now
acting First Assistant Postmaster General, to bo
acting Postmaster General ad interim, in place of
Hon. Montgomery Blair, now temporarily absent.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington', September 22,18G2.
Tho Department of the Post Office was not
covered by the acts of 1792 or 1795, and the
absence of authority in respect to it and the
other later organized Departments formed the
occasion of the President's message which
led to the enactment of 186:5. I would like to
know whether, when President Lincoln ap-
pointed Mr. Skinner to be Postmaster Gen-
eral, without an enabling and supporting act
of Congress to justify him, he deserved to be
impeached, whether that was a crime against
the Constitution and his oath of office, whether
it was a duty due to the Constitution that he
should be impeached, removed, and a new
election ordered?
I cannot but insist upon always separating
from these crimes alleged in articles the guilt
that is outside of articles and that has not been
proved, and that I have not answered for the
respondent nor have been permitted to rebut
by testimony. I take the thing as it is, and I
regard each article as including the whole com-
pass of a crime, the whole range of imputation,-
the whole scope of testimony and considera-
tion ; and unless there be some measure of
guilt, -some purpose or some act of force, of
violence, of fraud, of corruption, of injury,
of evil, I cannot find in mistaken, erroneous,
careless, or even indifferent excesses of au-
thority, making no impression upon the fabric
of the Government and giving neither menace
nor injuryto the public service, any foundation
for this extraordinary proceeding of impeach-
ment.
Am I right in saying that an article is to
contain guilt enough in itself for a verdict to
be pronounced by the honorable members of
the court "guilty" or "not guilty" on that
article; guilty not of an act as named, but
" guilty of" a high crime and misdemeanor as
charged," andas the form of question adopted
in the Peck and Chase trials is distinctly set
down and not the question used in the Pick-
ering trial for a particular purpose, which has
led the honorable Manager [Mr. Wilson] to
denounce it as a mockery of justice, a finding
of immaterial facts, leaving no co'nclusions of
law or judgment to be found by anybody.
There is another point of limitation on the
authority of the President, as contained both
in the act of 1795 and of 1863, which has been
made the subject of some comment by the
learned and honorable Manager, [Mr. Bout-
toi, :] it is that anyhow and anyway the Presi-
dent has been guilty of a high crime and misde-
meanor, however innocent otherwise, because
the six months' ability accorded to him by the
act of 1795 or 1863 had already expired before
he appointed General Thomas.
The reasoning I do not exactly understand ;
it is definitely written down and the words
have their ordinary meaning, I suppose \ but
how it is that the President is chargeable with
having filled a vacancy thus occurring on the
21st of February, 1868, if it occurred at all,
by an appointment that he made ad interim
