1868.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1895
Executive is a coordinate branch of the Gov-
ernment and has the right to judge of the con-
stitutionality of the laws of Congress and de-
termine for himself whether he will enforce
them or not as an executive officer, is utterly
fallacious. The Constitution defines exactly
the extent of his power to prevent the passage
of laws which he regards as injudicious or re-
pugnant to the Constitution. Beyond that he
has no more power or rigltt to judge of their
validity than the humblest citiy.en in the land ;
his constitutional duty is to see that they fire
executed. The other doctrine-would be utterly
subversive of our whole constitutional system
and frame of Government. That the President
verily believes that this law is in derogation of
the Constitution I am not prepared to deny.
But is that any legal excuse to him for violat-
ing it? It is a settled principle, not only in
civil, but also ill criminal jurisprudence, that
no one can be excused from the legal conse-
quences of his acts on account of his igno-
rance of the law. With far less reason can any
one claim exemption who has the fullest knowl-
edge, but arrogates for his own constitutional
learning and judgment a superiority and domi-
nation over that of two thirds of all the Rep-
resentatives of the people in both branches of
Congress,'acting in view and upon considera-
tion of his constitutional objections.
This very law has been one of the occasions
of ditference between the President and Con-
gress. He denied, as he had the right to do,
their constitutional power to pass it. Notwith-
standing his views the law was passed over his
veto by the constitutional majority. Could the
President have expected that an open and pal-
pable defiance and violation of that law would
be or could be endured from him without an
attempt to enforce its penalties against him?
If so, he must have strangely calculated upon
their personal and official forbearance.
But, in my judgment, there are involved in
the consideration of this question far higher and
more important consequences than by whom
the duties of War Secretary shall be performed.
I have a high personal regard for the Secretary
of War; in common with all my countrymen
I honor him for his invaluable services during
the late rebellion; I should regret for any
cause to see his place filled by another.
But all this becomes insignificant when we
look at the principle involved in this violation
of the law by the President. It is now to be
decided whether the people, by their Repre-
sentatives in Congress, are to make and estab-
lish the laws by which this country is to be
governed, or whether they may be set at
naught and defied by the Chief Magistrate of
the nation. 1 feel that, as one of the Repre-
sentatives of the people, there is but one
course open. The only practicable and digni-
fied course in such a case, against such an
offender, is to present him before the high tri-
bunal provided for in the Constitution for trial.
No one will vote for this resolution with a
deeper feeling of regret and sorrow than my-
self. If I saw any other practicable way of
asserting and protecting what I regard as the
rightful powers and prerogatives ot Congress,
as the Representatives of the people the same
reasons which induced me to vote against the
former articles would weigh with me now.
But I do not, and feel that in voting against
the pending resolution I should surrender that
which, as a Representative of the people, 1 have
no right to surrender—the right of the people,
through their Representatives, to establish the
laws for this nation. In this vote I feel sure
that I am not actuated by any partisan feeling
or any motive unworthy of judicial considera-
tion. I have regretted that the debate lias
assumed, to any extent, a political or partisan
aspect. .
Much has been said as to the political con-
sequences and the effect upon the people of
putting the President upon trial for tins viola-
tion oi law. I confess I have spent very little
time in considerations of that character, but I
have very little fear ofill consequences from that
quarter. The people of the United States, as
an aggregate, are an intelligentand law-abiding
people. If a man is faix-ly prosecuted and fairly
tried, whether the result be conviction or
acquittal, the people acquiesce. They will
not tamely submit to see persecution or injus-
tice under the forms and names of law ; and
upon any party who should attempt such a trial
as a party measure for party purposes would
fall a heavy weight of popular indignation.
But if the people are satisfied that law and
justice are fairly administered I feel not
the slightest doubt but they will acquiesce in
the result as readily as in the case of the
smallest offense or the humblest offender. If
the result of this day's vote shall be to present
the President for trial at the bar of the Senate
for this alleged violation of the law I cannot
doubt that every member of that body will en-
deavor to divest himself of all partisan and
political bias, and bring to the consideration
of the case all the judicial fairness which any
tribunal could exercise. Then, of course, the
validity of the law which the President is
charged with violating will be open to consid-
eration as before any other judicial tribunal.
If it should prove to be but a case of mistaken
construction, so as to destroy any unlawful in-
tent, that defense will be there properly avail-
able. If the result shall be a judicial trial
before the Senate I trust it will be remembered
that though the legal result may be final there
upon their judgment and record, in a higher
sense there is an appeal to the public judgment,
not only of this nation, but to the whole world ;
and that for their own credit, now and in his-
tory, it behooves them that they see to it that
their judgment stand upon such firm founda-
tions that it may stand the test of the public
judgment both now and hereafter.
Mr. STOKES. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the
purpose of discharging a duty that 1 feel is due
to my constituents, to the loyal people of my
State, and last, but not least, a solemn duty
that I owe to one of my fellow-citizens, to wit,
Andrew Johnson, the now acting President of
the United States. He is a citizen of my State,
and therefore I am not willing to sit quiet in
my seat and let the thing go by default. This
is, Mr. Speaker, the last tune that I expect to
have an oppmtuuity to speak of him as Pres-
ident of the United States. I am satisfied the
handwriting is on the wall.
And, sir, in my action to-day I wish to be
understood as taking a broad, liberal view of
the present question before us, and what I
say and do is in no factious spirit or malice
toward the President; but on the contrary it is
my deliberate judgment that it is best lor him,
and I am sure it is best for the whole people
of the country, that the pending resolution
should be passed by this body, and that the
same be forthwith transmitted to the high court
in the other end of the Capitol, from whose
decision there is no appeal.
This, sir, is a resolution proposing to impeach
the President of the United States and to expel
him from the executive chair for a willful and
deliberate violation of Ins oath, and a refusal
to obey and execute the law. This is a grave
charge, and if true there is, I hope, no mem-
ber of this House who would for one moment
hesitate to give the resolution his support.
It has been said that this resolution was
offered by a dominant majority who were the
political enemies of the President, and that it
was the result of hostile feelings toward him.
I can answer, for one, that no such feeling drives
me to this course. For I may say here that
it matters but little with me as to who is Pres-
ident or what his name is or to which polit-
ical party he is allied, so he discharges the du-
ties according to the Constitution and the laws.
But, sir, my action is based on higher motives.
It is that the dignity of the nation shall be
maintained. That the three great departments
of the Government shall be preserved, and
kept separate and distinct from each other, to
wit: the legislative, judicial, and executive;
and that each one thereby may be able to per-
form its own functions without the interference
of the others.
^ The Constitution, sir, is as plain as the Eng-
lish language cau make it. Each particular
branch of the Government has its duties spe-
cifically prescribed and marked out. The le-
gislative department is empowered to pass
laws, and neither of the others can do it; the
Executive is required to see that these laws be
faithfully executed, leaving him no discretion
as to their constitutionality or justness. All
that he can or is authorized to do in the mat-
ter is that when a law is presented to him for
his approval he can, if he thinks it unconsti-
tutional or unwise, veto it, and he W com-
pelled to return it to the House in which it
originated with his objections. Then, if the
two Houses pass it by a two-thirds vote, it is by
the Constitution declared to be the law of the
land.
Sir, I hold that a law passed in this way,
by a two-thirds vote, is entitled to more weight
than by a bare majority and receiving the sig-
nature of the President. The judiciary has
no power to enact laws or to execute, but to
decide such judicial questions as may properly
come before it, and beyond this they cannot
go. Now, Mr. Speaker, gentlemen on the
Democratic side cf the House tell us this pro-
cedure is revolutionary ; that if we persist in
passing this resolution it will bring on war ;
that it will be resisted by tens of thousands.
Why, sir, has it come to this, that the sworn
Representatives of the people are to be de-
terred from discharging their duty ? We do
not propose to violate one jot or tittle of the
Constitution, but, on the contrary, we propose
to carry out an express provision of the same.
The Constitution provides that when the Presi-
dent or other officers tail or refuse to obey the
Constitution and the laws passed in pursuance
thereof the House of Representatives may
prefer charges of impeachment for high crimes
and misdemeanors. Now, sir, what are we
doing but simply discharging our duty in strict
keeping with the Constitution?
Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, is charged with having willfully and
deliberately violated the law of the land, and
is thereby guilty of a misdemeanor. Now,
Mr. Speaker, this is a plain, simple charge,
and there is no difficulty in getting at the facts,
for there are hut few witnesses in the case. As
I have hut thirty minutes allotted to me I must
necessarily be brief, and cannot stop to read,
but simply state, the facts. It is well known
that Congress passed what is known as the
tenure-of-olfice bill, which prohibited the Pres-
ident from removing or appointing certain offi-
cers (and among those was the Secretary of
War) without the advice and consent of the
Senate. This act was presented to the Presi-
dent for his signature, and after a careful and
lengthy examination he refused to sign it.
Therefore he returned it to Congress with his
carefully-prepared objections. Congress de-
cided, by a majority of atwo-thirds vote in each
House, that it do pass. This, then, made it
the law of the land, and he was then bound to
obey it and to see that it was faithfully exe-
cuted.
Now, sir, there can be no excuse rendered
that he did not understand the law, as it is
clear that he examined it when first presented
to him, and that, he again examined it when
he suspended Mr. Stanton and put in General
Grant Secretary of War ad interim. This was
seen in his message to the Senate. It is clear
that after the Senate said he had no right to
suspend Mr. Stanton that he again run over
the law to find a justification for this last and
monstrous act of removing Mr. Stanton, und
at the same time appointing General Lorenzo
Thomas Secretary of \\ ar ad interim, without
even intimating such a thing to the Senate.
Now, sir, there is no getting around or slid- _
ing out of this. He has bid defiance to an act
ot Congress; he has done that which the law
positively forbid him from doing. This he has
willfully, deliberately, and intentionally done,
and yet we are told that if we attempt to hold
him "to account for his crime and misconduct
we are to have war. For one I say let us dis-
