1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4467
to the pay of the chief clerk in the office of
the Serjeant-at-Arms of the House was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It is
a direction to the Clerk of the House to pay
from the contingent fund of the House to the
chief clerk in the office of the Sergeant-at-
Arms the difference between his present pay
find the amount voted him by resolution of the
House, passed June 25, 1866, thereby fixing
the salaiy of the chief clerk in the office ot
Sergeant-at-Arms at $'2,500 per annum.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MILITIA IN SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report a bill
lespecting the organization of the militia in
the States lately in rebellion, and I desire to
put it on its passage.
Mr. HARLAN. I understood that this ses-
sion was agreed on for a special purpose, and I
should only reconcle the proprietyof this ses-
sion of the Senate on account of the charac-
ter of the business that was expected to come
before the Senate. I move, therefore, that the
Senate proc.eed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. WILSON. I wish the Senator would
allow us to get this bill through.
The PP.EIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Thequestion being putthere were, on a divis-
ion—yeas 13, nays 13 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAiS—Messrs. liuckalcw. Cameron.Cattell, Chand-
ler, (Jolc. Corhctt, Davis, DoohiAle, Drako^ Fowler,
Henderson. McCreory, Mornll of Maine, Nye. Pat-
terson of Now Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pomeioy, Ro^s, Sherman, Tipton, Van Winkle, and
Willov—±>.
NAY'S—Messrs. Abbott, Conkiing, Conness, Cra-
gin, Ferry, llarns, Howard, fiowe,Kellogg, McDon-
ald, Morgan, Osboin, Rico, Sawyer. Sprague. Stew-
art, ft.uiiricr, Thayer, Wade, Welch,"Williams, Wilson,
and Yaros—2,j.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Dixon, Ed-
munds, Fessenden, Frelmghuy^en, Grimes, Harlan,
Hendricks, Mori ill of Vermont, Morton, Norton,
Pool,Ramsey, Robertson, Sanlsbuiy, Spencer, Trum-
bull, Yickers, Warner, and Whytc—21.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the bill which I have
reported will now be put on its passage.
The bill (S. No. 048) respecting the organi-
zation of the militia in the States lately in
rebellion was read twice, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
repeal so much of the act making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1868, and for other purposes,
approved March 2, 1SG7, as prohibits the or-
ganization, arming, or calling into service of
the militia forces in the States lately in rebel-
lion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I believe that, bill has
been reported to-night. If so, I object to its
consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ Objection
being made the bill cannot be considered fur-
ther.
HISTORY OF THE MONITOR.
Sir. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution;
which was considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the report of the Secretary of the
Navy, communicating, m compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of thoilLh instant, information m
relation to the construction of the iron-eladmonitor,
bo laid upon the table and printed, and that five
hundred extra copies be printed for the use of the
Navy Department.
ERIIOR IN7 TAX BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Pi-
nance. to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
1455) to correct an error in the enrollment
of the act imposing taxes on distilled spirits
and tobacco, and for other purposes, report
it back without amendment, ana recommend
its passage. I desire to have it considered at
this time.
By unanimous consent the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to amend the last clause of the first
sentence of section forty-eighth of the act of
July 20,1868, by inserting the word " not'' after
the word " containing.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to offer a reso-
lution.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; I think we have
gone far enough to-night in this kind of busi-
ness. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. The Senate remained in executive
session till one o'clock and forty-five minutes
a. m., (Monday, July 27,) when it adjourned to
meet at half past nine a. m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 25, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The reading of the Journal of yesterday was,
by unanimous consent, dispensed with.
PORTAGE LAKE SIIIP-OANAL.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the unfinished business pend-
ing at the expiration of yesterday's session,
being the bill (S. No. 398) extending the Port-
age Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal to Ke-
weenaw bay, providing for the right of way,
and making a grant of land to aid in the con-
tinuance of said extension. The gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Duigqs] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. DRIGGS. I desire tosaythatone of the
amendments which the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands have instructed me to offer provides
that this company shall not charge any greater
toll upon the canal when finished than maybe
necessary to keep the canal in running order.
Some gentlemen have an impression that this
company has already received a grant of land
for this canal. That is a mistake. This is an
entirely distinct work from that for which a
grant was made a few years since. I will now
present the amendment to which I have alluded.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add to the bill the following :
P> ncided. That the lands herein granted shall not
be withdrawn upon entry or settlement except upon
lists of actual selection and the payment of fees
allowed by law at the local land oftico: And pro-
vided further. All arable lands selected under this
grant shall remain subject to preemption settlement
at the minimum price of $2 50 per acre until the
completion of said canal and so Ions? as they shall i
remain the property of said company : And provided
further. That alter the cost of said canal and break-
water shall bo reimbursed to said company by the
sale of said lands, or otherwise, itshall not be lawful
for said company to charge or receive any higher
rates of toll than shall bo sufficient to pay the ex-
pense of running the canal and keeping the works
in repair.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio.
INCREASED DUTIES ON IMPORTED COPPER.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am directed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report a
joint resolution (II. R. No. 350) providing for
increased duties on imported copper and cop-
per ore.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that from and after the passage of this act in
lieu of the duties heretofore imposed by law
on the articles hereinafter mentioned, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid on the
articles herein enumerated and provided for,
imported from foreign countries, the following
specified duties and rates of duty, that is to
say: on all copper imported in the form ot
ores, three cents on each pound of fine copper
contained therein; on all regulus of copper,
and on all black or coarse copper, four cents
on each pound of fine copper contained there-
in ; on all old copper, fit only for remanufac-
ture, four cents per pound ; on all copper in
plates, bars, ingots, pigs, and in other forms
not manufactured or herein enumerated, five
cents per pound.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the
joint resolution been received ?
The SPEAKER. It was reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. KERR. I rise to a question of order.
Should this not under the rules go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means can report at any time; but the
gentleman from Indiana makes the point of
order that this is a tariff bill, imposing a tax
upon the people, and must receive its first con-
sideration in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. The Chair is com-
pelled under the rules to sustain that point of
order. It must, therefore, be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
It was so referred.
BUSINESS ON TIIE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
after the pending bill is disposed of the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table will be resumed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
AMERICAN LINE OF OCEAN STEAMERS.
Mr. HILL. I submit the following report
from a committee of conference.
The Clerk read as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes ot the two Houses upon the bill (il. It. No. 939)
entitled "An act to provide for an American line ot
mail and passenger steamships between New York
and one or more European ports," have had the saino
under consideiation, a.nd agree to recommend to their
respective Houses as follows :
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the second and third amendments of the Senate.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first, fourth, and fifth amendments to wit:
In lino twelve, page 1 of engrossed bill, strike out
" twenty" and insort "fifteen."
In line fourteen, page 3 of engrossed bill, strike
out "twenty" and insert "fifteen."
In line twenty-six, page 5 of engrossed bill, strike
out " twenty" and insert "fifteen."
JOHN HILL,
J. F. FA RNS WORTH.
FERNANDO WOOD,
Managers on the part or the House.
ALEXANDER RAMSEY,
J. W. PATTERSON,
ALEXANDER G. CATTELL,
Managers on the v<o t of the Senate.
Mr. HILL demanded the previous question
on the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. HILL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was adopted : and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PORTAGE LAKE AND LAKE SUPERIOR CANAL.
Mr. DRIGGS. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Ecklli'.]
Mr. ECKLEY". The Committee on the Pub-
lie Lands had two sessions at least for the con-
sideration of this bill, and I believe they were
all, with the exception of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Tabes;,] in favor of it, after
full investigation and deliberate consideration.
The bill explains itself, and I think with the
further explanation of the gentleman from
Michigan the House understands it.
Mr. HOPKINS. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment V
Mr. DRIGGS. I will.
Mr. HOPKINS. The gentleman from Mich-
igan has stated correctly that tlns^ mil, oi a
certified copy of it, has been considered in-
formally by the Committee on the Public
Lands, and I believe the committee generally
acquiesced m it, and allowed it to be reported
