12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
December 3,
may not to the incumbent. I withdraw, there-
fort-. any question of privilege that I might
me.kt* i-i r-g irtl to the propriety ot reading it.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. I cull for
the regular order.
Mr. GETZ. I desire to make a single re-
mark in reference to what the gentleman from
Ohio has said about disrespect. The publica-
tion of this message in advance of its delivery
to Congress is certainly an act of disrespect:
but who is the guilty party? The President of
the United States in sending out this message
in advance of its official promulgation has done
nothing more nor less than hits been done by his
predecessors; but it has always been doneuuder
an express or implied pledge of honor that the
document should not be published until its offi-
cial publicationwasannounced. N©w, saiueHi-
ber of the Press, I deeply regret that that pledge
of honor has been violated, and violated tool-
ishly, I think, for "the game is not worth the
candle, ' just to gratify a feverish desire for "the
news" a few hours ahe^d of time.
Mr. COVODE. If the House will allow
me, I will explain the matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. I submitted no motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair 30 understood.
Mr. COVODE. I will explain the matter.
The House will feel interested in knowing 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illiuois withdraw the demand for the regular
order ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For what
purpose?
.Mr. COVODE. For the purpose of showing
that this message has been sold in open market.
Mr. FARXSWORTH. I iasist upon the
regular order.
The Clerk proceeded to read the President's
annual message. [It will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I move that
the President's message be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the -
Union, and printed. I propose, inasmuch as j,
there is an absolute necessity for turning our |
attention to many other thiugs than the gen- |!
eral ^discussion of the subjects the message |j
contains, to call the previous questiou on this I
motion. But before I do so I must be al-
lowed to submit a remark or two in reference |
to the circumstances under which the message
comes to us.
There is a great deal in this message which
I think will command the assent of most of us.
There is a great deal more, especially in that
part which relates to the reconstruction of the
States that have been in rebellion, breathing, as
it does, a spirit not only of defiance, but, I may
even say, of contempt toward Congress, which, '
I apprehend, will not pass, when we come to
discuss the contents of the message in commit- \
tee, without challenging criticism and comment. J
But when the message first came in—it is to i
that I wi=h now to refer—I spoke of it as being I
highly disrespectful that the annual message j
of the President of the United States should |
find its way into the public prints of the coun- i
try, in at least all the leading cities, before it
had been communicated to the Congress to
which it is addressed. I do not wish to be
understood as charging that the President him-
self was directly a party to such disposition
made of the message. I did say then, and I am
somewhat confirmed in that belief by informa-
tion which I have had since, that, with or with-
out the President being a party to the arrange-
ment,, persons in his confidence have made
traffic of the message and made money in thus
selling it to be carried to different points and
published thus in advance.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Getz]
made an explanation that it is the custom to
commit in trust to those around the President
copies of the message in advance in order that
it might be published simultaneously with its
communication to Congress, and that some-
body, to his regretf has abused the confidence
of the President. It may be that is all there is
of it. If go, it is only another instance, I am
afraid, of the remarkable fact that the Presi-
dent's associations are of such a character that
he finds his confidence frequently abused by
those whom he trusts.
There is another thing, very small, perhaps
gentlemen may think, and yet somewhat sig-
nificant in one circumstance attending the com-
munication of this message to us. I hold in
my hand, as all other gentlemen do, what may
be considered as the official printed copy pre-
pared at the Treasury Department. It has a
title-page, whieb describes it as the •" Message
of the President of the United States to the
two Houses of Congress at the commencement
ofthem7 fa/- session of the Fortieth Congress."
I do not know what is intended by that. The
Congress of the United States, on the 22d day
of January last, passed au act to fix the time
for the regular meetings of Congress, the first
section of which provides—
" That ia addition to ll>e present regular times of
meetins of Congress there shall be a maeting of the
Fortieth Congress of the United Statos, and of each
succeeding Congress thereafter, at twelve o'clock W.
on the -1th day of March, the day on which the term
begins for which the Congress was elected, except
that when the 4th day of March occurs 011 Sunday
then the meeting shall take place at the same hour
on the next succeeding day."
It seems to have been thought by the Con-
gress of the United States that they were
adding another to the already existing number
of regular meetings of the Congresses of the
United States, and doing it by law.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a question of order.
I would inquire what question is before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. A motion to print the
President's message, which is debatable.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know who is
responsible for this title-pgge; but it looks to
me as if somebody, also having the confidence
of the President, in preparing this message for
our use, has undertaken a petty fling at Con-
gress by an intimation at the very threshold,
upon the very face of the document sent to
us. that the legislation by Congress fixing the
regular meetings of the body from time to time
is not regarded legitimate or within its power
under the Constitution.
Now, as I said before, I meant to confine
myself simply to a matter or two connected
with the circumstances under which the mes-
sage comes to us, and not to debate the con-
tents or character of the message itself. I
hope gentlemen, therefore, will excuse me if
I feel it necessary, under these circumstances,
to move the previous question, and let the mes-
sage go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, where we can discuss every-
thing that relates to it.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to introduce a resolution based on one por-
tion of the message, which I think it would be
proper to act on immediately. I think the
gentleman will see the propriety of it when
hA nOOPO if PPQH
Mr. SCHENCK. I will hear what the gen-
tleman from Illinois has to propose: but in
doing so I wish to remark that it has been, so
far as I know, the invariable practice to refer
the message first to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and after-
ward to bring into the Committeeof the Whole
any resolutions it may be thought proper to
ofi'er with reference to the distribution of the
parts of the message.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state what my object
is, and the resolution can be read, and then if
the gentleman objects to it of course I will not
press it. It is based upon this portion of the
message:
"Where an act has been passed according to the
forms of the Constitution by the supreme legislative
authority.and is regularly enrolled among the public
statutes of the country, executive resistance to it,
especially in times of high party excitement, would
be likely to produce violent collision between the
respective adherents of the two branches of the Gov-
ernment."
Being a man of peace myself; being very
sorry, indeed, that any ill-feeling has ever arisen
between two branches of the Government—the
legislative and executive 
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a question of order.
I desire the debate to be confined to the ques-'
tion before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order upon the ground that upon a
1 motion to print the message the whole mes-
sage and every subject embraced in it is before
the House.
Mr. LOGAN. I was expressing a feeling
which I believe every other member shares. I
am very sorry that any feeling should exist
between the different departments of the Gov-
ernment that should cause a fear that a collision
might occur at any time, and in order that this
thing shall be avoided—because it certainly
ought to be avoided—I will offer the resolution
which I send to the desk to be read. I think it
will entirely avoid any difficulty between the
executive and legislative departments of the
Government.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield to have it read
for information.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to |the reading.
I The SPEAKER. The resolution can be read
' as a part of the speech of the gentleman from
Ohio, who is entitled to the floor for one hour.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It certainly cannot be
germane to the printing of the message.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
decided that the motion to print brings up the
; entire message for discussion,
j Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does that admit of an
j, independent resolution in reference to the
! message?
II The SPEAKER. It does admit a resolution
in regard to the message. The'House could
take up the message, debate it, and refer it to
the various committees, or debat • it till the
end of the session without referring it. A
motion to print opens the entire question, like
a motion to refer. The resolution will be read.
The Clerk read Mr. Logan's resolution, as
follows:
Resolved, That the corps of pages that now consti-
tute the "military force" of this House be,and the
same is hereby, abolished, to the end that the civil
conflict so vividly described in a communication
published in the morning papers and signed "An-
drew Johnson" may be avoided.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. SCHENCK. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. ROBINSON. Will the gentleman yield
a moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. I must insist upon the
message taking the usual course.
Mr. COVODE. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment. I desire to explain
something in connection with the manner in
which the message comes before us.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield for that pur-
pose, but for no other.
Mr. COVODE. When I attempted to ob-
tain the floor before the message was read,
my object was not to discuss the contents 01
the message, but the manner in which it was
got first before the country, and afterward
before the House. My object then did not
appear to be understood. I was going to state,
and did state—though probably not fuily under-
stood—that the message had been obtained
by a direct purchase made from one of the
President's surroundings: that a hundred dol-
lars was paid for it, and it was thereupon tele-
graphed to the country. The party who thus
sold the message obligated himself to jjive out
no other copies. Instead of keeping faith with
the purchaser, he sold the message to others
at a reduced price, creating a confusion in the
market. [Laughter.] This wholesale purchaser
was deprived of the profits that would neces-
sarily have accrued to him in retailing it had
he controlled the matter as he expected when
he paid his hundred dollars.
Mr. GETZ. I would ask when this pur-
chase was made ?
Mr. COVODE. Yesterday evening.
Mr. GETZ. I desire to state one fact. On
Sunday evening I was assured by a gentleman
from the White House that a copy of themes-
sage had been mailed to my office in Reading,
Pennsylvania, of course under an obligation
