1396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
charge our duty by holding him responsible
for the violation of duty, the same as any other
man. Sir, if a commissioned or non-commis-
sioned officer or private in the Army violates
the law and disobeys the orders of his superiors
he is held to a strict accountability and is tried
by the proper tribunal, and, if found guilty, is
punished severely or dishonorably dismissed
the service, there to stand in disgrace. Now,
sir, if we hold a poor private, and sometimes
quite ignorant, to the strict letter of the law,
why should we not hold the high officials to
the same stricture? Sir, there is some excuse
for the commission of high crimes and misde-
meanors by many classes of our fellow-citizens,
but there is none, and ought not to be, with the
men who are in high places.
Now, Mr. Speaker, just think of it—a man
charged with the execution of the law, a man
•n the highest position, in the Government, a
man sworn to support the Constitution, a man
bound by his oath to see that the laws be faith-
fully executed, a man whose duty it is to see
that all other persons obey the laws—then, to
find this same man bidding defiance to a plain
statute is monstrous. Yes, sir, setting himself
up as a dictator. Yes, sir, as I heard him say
in front of the White House, that he occupied
the position of a Roman tribune; that he held
the power in his hands, and as the head of the
nation he intended to use it; further, that Con-
gress, hanging on the verge of the Government,
was nothing but a rump Congress, an unlawful
and an unconstitutional body of men pretending
to pass laws, and yethe himself engaging in this
unholy and unconstitutional work by signing bill
after bill, thereby making them validlaws ot the
land. Sir, since his notorious speech on the
22d of February, 1866, he has been settled in his
wicked and hellish purposes. lie has, as it is
well known, thrown every obstruction 111 the
way to prevent reconstruction. He has, as it is
well known, turned his back upon the men who
elected him. He has proved himself a traitor
10 those who honored him and stood picket
and guarded him while he slept for three cold,
dreary winters, and guarded him while, I will
not say drunk, but quite unwell—so much so
that it was not proper to receive company! He
inaugurated the very government that we are
living under to-day in Tennessee; after having
got the loyal people committed to it and fas-
tened down by the constitution, he then turned
his back upon us and tried to tear it up, and
thereby put rebels in power to again plant their
heels upon our necks and crush the colored
men into dust. He has no regard for truth;
he will issue an order one day and violate the
same before the ink is scarcely dry, as he did
in the order of the 7th of April, 1866, in which
he declared that the honorably discharged
Federal soldier should have the preference
for office. He turned his battery loose upon
the poor negro, after having told him he would
stand by him to the last, and that color should
make no difference, that they were now free,
and that merit, and merit alone, would be the
test, and not the color of the skin. Never,
Mr. Speaker, has any Government produced
or put in high position, and, I might further
add, kept in office so long, so desperately wicked
a man as Andrew Johnson.
Sir, I did help to put him in, and, as God is
my judge, I intend to help put him out; be-
lieving that God will forgive me for the com-
mission of one wrong by coming forward and
doing a righteous act—an act that will relieve
the country ofthe worst tyrant and usurper that
history was ever called on to record. Sir, this
is a struggle between two great parties, one on
the side of true loyalty to the flag of our fathers,
and the other on the side of treason. The
Republican party is striving by every means
■ to bring those States lately in rebellion back
in the Union with loyal State governments.
■1'he President is at the head of a party which is
striving to thwart this and to have them recog-
nized in the hands of traitors. Never, Mr.
Speaker, in the history of this country, has
there been so much moral courage required as
at the present time.
The eyes and the hearts of the true loyal
men of the South are directed to the Repub-
licans in Congress. Let me say to my Repub-
lican friends this is no time for faltering, this
is no time for compromise, this is no time for
delay. Prompt action is what the loyal peo-
ple want. The loyal men of the South and the
boys in blue demand justice at your hands.
Their appeals come up to you to stand by them
as they have stood by you, and not let treason
be made respectable and loyalty odious. They
left their homes and bid farewell to wife, chil-
dren, father, mother, and friends; entered the
Union Army, suffering through heat and cold,
breasting the hailstorm of shot and shell, that
free government might be preserved and that
the old flag, the emblem of liberty and free-
dom, might, proudly wave over the entire land.
Sir, many, yes, hundreds of thousands, of our
comrades never returned to their homes and
loved ones.
Sir, let the enemies and traitors get control
of this Government? Never; no, never. The
loyal men who were forced into the cliffs and
caves cry aloud and say "No;" the poor
widow and her little naked children cry out,
" God forbid the Federal soldier cries out
an'd says " No the spirits of the three hun-
dred thousand who lie moldering under the
cold clay answer in a loud tone and say " God
forbid;" the honest, true-hearted colored man
sends up his petition to you and says "God
forbid."
Mr. Speaker, this reminds me of I860 and
1861. I could but think of Barksdale, Davis,
Hinman, and a host of others, on Saturday
last, when the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] was lecturing the Republicans of the
House. To hear his eloquent, warning voice,
mingled with threats of resistance to the action
of a majority of the legally elected members
of this body, was but to remind me of former
clays. I sat hero, as you and others who are
now here did, and heard similar threats of
blood and destruction by the same class of
men, claiming to belong to this same old, de-
funct, disunion, Democratic party, and I
believe from the very same desks.
Sir, it did not frighten or deter us then, and
I am well convinced that it will scarcely cause
a friction now. I was sorry to hear such vio-
l®nt language used, as it is calculated to stir
up bad feeling in the country, where the gentle-
man from New York is not personally known.
Sir, in many portions ofthe country, I have no
doubt but he will be taken for the same fight-
ing Brooks who was in Congress a few years
ago, and I only allude to this at this time m
order that the country may know that the fight-
ing Brooks has been dead several years, and
that the gentleman from New York is not the
man, for that is a business he has never em-
barked in ; but, should he and his friends, the
minority, succeed m filing up the Democracy
and the rebels so as to precipitate us again
into another war, I hope the gentleman from
Now \ork will plant himself at the head of a
regiment or brigade, and not lay back behind
the lines to stir up mischief and retard the
movement of the Union forces.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 tell you and this House
that I want no more war. God forbid. Hut.
sir, if the gentlemen, with the President at
their head, force it upon us, we can only
promise to do as we did before, to meet the
enemy on the field of battle, face to face, and
ask that a just God protect the right. I shall
vote for the resolution, let the consequences
be what they may.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, I do not rise to
make any speech on this occasion. I will sim-
ply say that when, with fifty-six other colleagues
upon this floor, nearly two months since, i re-
corded my vote to depose this usurper so far
as the action of the House could accomplish
that result, f felt that I waa doing my country
a service.^ I feel that the present occasion is
a full justification for that action.
I propose now to have read by the Clerk a
telegram just received from my constituents.
They shall speak for us on this occasion.
The Clerk read as follows:
Chicago, Illinois, February 2t, 186S.
The Republican press and party of the city of
Chieaso unanimously demand the impeaehmentof
Andrew Johnson. Amass meeting is called for to-
morrow evening to give expression to fchiq feeling.
. L. B. OTIS,
Chairman Preliminary Meeting.
Hesry M. Smith, Secretary.
Mr. PAINE. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. HARDING. I thank the gentleman
from Wisconsin for the courtesy by which I am
enabled to announce that the constituency I
have the honor to represent direct me to unite
my voice and vote with those of the Represent-
atives of the loyal millions of the North and
South, the East and West, in demanding the
impeaehmentof the high criminal who occupies
the presidential chair. For two years since, his
usurpation of power in 1865, they have de-
manded that this criminal should be brought
to justice. They have seen the consequence
of his misrule in the field where lately rebel-
lion trod down thousands and millions of loyal
people under foot. They have but little relief
from the victories of Grant and Sherman.
Blood still flows over that vast field, and either
this Congress or the President are the crimi-
nals who are guilty of these consequences.
Sir, I demand that this Congress shall take
immediate steps to provide a remedy by plac-
ing a man at the head of this Government who
shall execute the power of this Government
in the suppression of this violence.
Mr. PAINE. I yield two minutes to the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, my opinion
is that in this grave emergency this House
should speak but one word and strike but one
blow, and I desire that the blow should come
first. I am tired, sir, of this protracted dis-
cussion, which postpones an hour that the
people have long desired to see. I am in
favor of the official death of Andrew John-
son without debate. I am not surprised that
one who began his presidential career in
drunkenness should end it in crime.
Mr. PIKE addressed the House. [See Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I have
been for several days very severely indisposed,
and I think T never regretted physical inability
more than I do now. 1 had hoped, from the
disposition of gentlemen upon the other side of
the House to discuss this most momentous
question, that they would have rescinded the
order of this House requiring the vote to be
taken this afternoon, and given a reasonable
time for its discussion. Never, I think, did
the American House of Representatives pre-
sent such a spectacle to the world as a major-
ity of its members almost desiring to debate
an important question, and yet the House
itself, by its majority, depriving itself of that
opportunity. Why, sir, why is it that so many
of the gentlemen who were anxious to close
the mouths of the Representatives of the
people upon this question by fixing so early a
time to vote have desired since to express
themselves upon it? I ask why is it? Is it
that gentlemen are willing to act first and to
argue the question afterward? Is it that the
mindsof the people are made up and they
wish simply to put upon rccord an excuse for
conduct which they dare not defend in fair
debate ! Sir, it would seem that this i3 so.
1 hat we are to decide and then consider—de-
cide and then deliberate.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I cannot yield.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman occupies
the floor more than any other member or I
would yield to him.
Mr. LOGAN. Ah!
u r['Ile gentlemf"i savs
_ Ah i 1 have often heard that " Ah !" from
him before. It is a mark of respect trom him
and I thank the gentleman. '
