44:68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
to the House. But I am satisfied for one, from
facts which I have learned since the action of
the committee on the bill, that it ought not to
pass. Unless, therefore, I shall be better satis-
fied that the bill ought to pass I shall vote
against it. I have learned that it interferes
with private rights. There is a canal already
nearly completed, and one of the gentlemen
interested in it has told me that hollas laid out
his money and his friends have done the same,
and they have never asked any aid from the
Government for the work, and they do not
want Congress to grant land to another cor-
poration to their detriment. It strikes me
this is an outrage upon these parties who have
built the canal from their own private means,
and I trust, without further investigation, the
House will not pass this bill. I am reminded
that this same company has already had a grant
of four hundred thousand acres of land, but
my friend from Michigan assures me it is for
another purpose.
Now, sir, I desire to be entirely fair. I would
like to have this bill referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and it' 1 am mistaken in
my statement I will certainly favor the passage
of this bill at the next session of Congress.
But from my present information I think it
ought not to pass.
Mr. DBIGGS. Now, Mr. Speaker, I want
to say to the House that last evening when the
gentleman from Wisconsin had a bill before
the House, in which I felt a very deep interest
and to which the Committee on the Public Lauds
had agreed to allow me the privilege of offer-
ing an amendment when it was presented, I
could not get the gentleman to yield to me to
offer that amendment.
_Mr. HOPKINS. I do not wish to contra-
dict my friend, but if he will show any such
record of the Committee on the Public Lands I
will not, of course, dispute what he says.
Mr. DRIGGS. Gentlemen present will
bear me out.
Mr. HOPKINS. T have asked the cleric of
the committee this morning, and I am informed
that there is no such record of the action of
the committee on this bill.
The SPEAKER. Discussion as to what was
agreed upon iu a committee is not in order.
Mr. DRIGGS. I have treated the gentle-
man fairly and allowed him to offer his objec-
tions to this bill. Now one word in regard to
this canal. It was built at a coat of about
seventy thousand dollars, and I am informed
that the company has received back already in
tolls almost the whole amount expended. The
rates of toll charged are enormous. Now,
this bill provides that before this company can
receive one foot of land they must pay back
every dollat that the canal company have ex-
pended, the amount to be ascertained by a
commission appointed by the Secretary of War.
And let me say further that this company pro-
pose to charge one fourth the rate of'toll upon
the shipping that the canal company are now
charging.
The gentleman from Wisconsin has alluded
to gentlemen who lie says will be greatly
aggrieved if this bill passes. Now, sir, i state
what I know when I declare that one of those
gentlemen proposed to these other parties to
take $100,000 and withdraw his objection to
this bill. That, sir, was nothing more nor
less than an attempt at black-mail upon the
present company, who propose to build a good
canal for the passage of vessels through Port-
age lake.
I will say further, that you have given three
or four h u ndred thousand acres of land to build
a canal from the west end of the lake to Lake
Superior, and that that grant will be rendered
entirely useless if another company charging
enormous tolls have possession of the east
end. 1 have petitions from nearly all the people
living there—the shippers and shipowners—
asking this grant, and the committee have unan-
imously agreed upon it. I call the previous
question.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I hope not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, no;
let us discuss this measure.
Mr. COBURN. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a few minutes.
Mr. DRIGGS. I yield to the gentleman for
five minutes.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman from Mich-
igan has said ihat this is no interference with
the rights of third persons. I desire to state
to the House the condition of this Portage
Lake canal, so far as I know, and in order to
do that 1 shall have to describe the location.
Keewenaw point is if tongue of land that juts
out into Lake Superior some fifteen or more
miles wide. Portage lake lies partly across
that point. From the south side of the point
into Portage lake there is a small stream which
is not navigable. There are certain copper
mines upon the banks of Portage lake. In
order to open those mines to navigation the
owners opened a canal to the south at an ex-
pense of about eighty thousand dollars, and
they have in their possession a fee simple
right to the lands through which this canal
runs, along the banks of Portage river. In
other words, the citizens of Hancock and
Houghton own the caual running south into
Lake Superior.
Now, two or three years ago a grant was
made of two hundred thousand acres of laud
for the construction of a canal from the north
end of Portage lake into Lake Superior, so
that there would be a channel clear across
from one side of Keweenaw point to the
other. They received this large grant of two
hundred thousand acres of land for the con-
struction of a canal one mile and six hundred
feet long from the north end of Portage lake
to Lake Superior. They come now and ask
two hundred thousand acres of land more lor
the construction of that work, and they not
only want that, but the right and title to, and
absolute control of this little canal made at
the south end, which was made by private
enterprise, and is the property iu fee sim-
ple, and by every right known to man, of the
citizens of Hancock and Houghton.
Mr. DRIGGS. The gentleman makes an
unintentional misstatement in regard to the
length of the canal. It is two miles and three
tenths of a mile in length.
Mr. COBURN. It is one mile and six hun-
dred foot long, as 1 am reliably informed. I
have been on the ground. They have no light
to take a canal made at an expense of nearly
one hundred thousand dollars and the prop-
erty of private citizens. 1 pronounce it now a
fraud. I say that they have no more right to
take this land and Congress has no more right
to legislate it away than they have to take the
title to any square in Washington cily. i'heso
men bought the lands from the Government
and have spent their money to make the canal.
They have two towns with from three to live
thousand inhabitants each, and the best cop-
per mines of Lake Superior, worth vast sums
of money, and all in consequence of their own
independence and enterprise in opening this
canal into Lake Supeiior. And these men,
this new company, now seek, and this bill un-
dertakes to take it away fiom men who.spent
this money freely and honestly without asking
the Government for a cent. On the other
hand, the men who ask this large additional
bonus have been two years in making about
eight hundred feet of canal. With two hun-
dred thousand acres of land in their posses-
sion they could have made that canal last year,
but they have made only about eight hundred
feet, and 1 do not believe they intend to make
the eant l at all unless they get another large
bonus. They deserve neither the additional
land nor the vested rights of the citizens there
in the improvements on Portage river.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DRIGGS. I have but a word to say.
I seem to come in conflict with the gentleman
in regard to facts and figures, and I am unable
now, of course, to prove what I assert, that
this canal is two miles and three tenths of a
mile in length, and that it is about half com-
pleted instead of only eight hundred feet. The
gentleman from Indiana doirbtless states what
he believes to be correct, but I am very confi-
dent that it is incorrect.
Now, as I have called out so much discussion
on this subject., and as I do not want anything
that is not fair and right and just, I will move
that the bill and pending amendment be referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENKOLI.EI) BILL SIG.NKD.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill (S. No.
574)) to establish a new laud district in the State
of Nebraska; when the Speaker signed the
same.
THE PUBLIC DEBT.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill in reference to paying a percentage lor
the sale of bonds, and requiring the Secretary
of the Treasury to give a monthly statement
of the indebtedness under the different enumer-
ations of bonds, currency, gold, &c. The sub-
stance of this bill was before the House some
time ago, and some provisions of it were in
fact inserted in the funding bill on my motion.
But for fear that that bill may not become a
law I ask that this bill may be now considered.
No objection was made, and the bill (H. R.
No. 1451) making certain regulations as to the
public debt was reeeived, and read a first and
second lime.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that from and after the passage of this
act no percentage, deduction, commission, or
compensation of any amount or kind .shall be
allowed to any person for the sale, or negotia-
tion, or exchange of any bonds or securities of
the United States disposed of at the Treasury
Department or elsewhere on account of the
United States, or for any coin or bullion ; and
ail acts and parts of acts authorizing or per-
mitting, by construction or otherwise, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to appoint any agent
other than some officer of his Department; to
make such sale or negotiation of bonds and
securities are hereby repealed. The second
section provides that on and after the passage
of this act all authority under any existing law
to issue bonds, or interest-bearing Treasury
notes, or obligations of the United States shall
cease and determine; provided that nothing
herein shall prevent the conversion of Treas-
ury notes known as "seven-thirties" into live-
twenty bonds, nor the issue of the three per
cent, certificates of temporary loan, nor the
exchanging of registered bonds for coupon
bonds, nor the issue of bonds as subsidies
to railroad companies as provided by law.
The third section provides that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall publish monthly a de-
tailed statement of the public debt at the close
of each month, in which statement all the
bonds and other obligations of the United
States issued from the Treasury Department
i payable after the year in which such statement
is made, including the amount of seven-thirty
Lreasury notes^ convertible into five-twenty
bonds, and not including subsidy bonds issued
to railroad companies, shall be'eiassed as the
funded debt; Ue United States and fractional
notes issued for circulation as money shall bo
classed as the currency debt; the three ner
cent. certificates of temporary loan shall be
classed as_ the temporary loan debt; and ail
debt that is past due, or that will be pavable
within the year, the same to be stated in de-
tail shall be classed as the matured debt, and
all interest shall cease on such matured debt
