362
SUPPLEMENT TO
on that day which was to run in the future,
what the suggestion that the six months' right
had expired rests upon, I do not understand.
It is attempted to connect it in some way with
a preceding suspension of Mr. Stanton under
the civil-tenure act, -which certainly did not
create a vacancy in the office as by law it was
prohibited from doing, nor did it create in any
form or manner a vacancy in. the office. No
matter, then, whether thesuspension was under
the civil-tenure-office act or the act of 1795,
the office was not vacant until the removal;
and whatever there may have been wanting in
authority in that preceding action of the Pres-
ident as not sufficiently supported by his consti-
tutional authority to suspend, which he claims,
and as covered necessarily by the act of 1867,
as is argued on the part of the Managers, I
cannot see that it has anything to do with
cutting short the term during which it was com-
petent for the President to make an ad interim
appointment.
There remains nothing to be considered
except about an ad interim appointment as
occurring during a session of the Senate. An
effort has been made to connect a discrimina-
tion between the session and the recess of the
Senate in its operation upon the right of ad
interim or temporary appointments, with the
discrimination which the Constitution makes
between the filling of an office during the ses-
sion and the limited commission which is per-
mitted during the recess. But sufficiently, I
imagine, for the purposes of conviction in your
minds, it has been shown that temporary
appointment does not rest upon the constitu-
tional provisions at all ; that it is not a filling
of the office, which remains just as vacant, as
far as the constitutional right and duty remains
or is divided in the different Departments of
the Government, as if the temporary appoint-
ment had not been made. When the final
appointment is made it dates as from and to
supply the place of the person whose vacancy
led to the ad interim appointment. That in
the very nature of things there should be no
difference in this capacity between recess and
session sufficiently appears, and the acts of
Congress draw 110 distinction, and the practice
of the Government makes not the least differ-
cnce.
We are able to present to your notice 011 the
pages of this record cases enough applicable to
the very heads of Departments to make it
unnecessary to argue the matter upon general
principles any further. Mr. Nelson, on the 2'Jth
of February, 184-1, was appointed ad interim
in the State Department dining the session of
the Senate. This is to be found 011 page 550.
General Scott was appointed in the War Depart-
ment July 28, 1850, page 5;!7, during the ses-
sion of the Senate ; Moses Kelly, Secretary
of the Interior, January 10, 1801, during the
session of the Senate, at page 558 ; and J oseph
Iiolt Secretary of War on the 1st of January,
1S01, during the session of the Senate, at page
f>83. Whether these were to till vacancies or
for temporary disabilities makes 110 difference
on the question ; nor how the vacancy arose,
whether by removal or resignation or death.
The question of the ad interim faculty of
appointment depends upon no such considera-
tions. They were actual vacancies filled by
ad interim appointment, and related all, except
that of Moses Kelly, to Departments that were
covered by the legislation of 1792 and 1795.
That of Moses Kelly to the Department of the
Interior was not covered by that legislation,
and would come within the same principle
with the appointment of Mr. Skinner which 1
have noticed 011 page 582.
I now come with the utmost confidence, as
having passed through all possible allegations
of independent infraction of the statute, to the
consideration of the removal of Mr. Stanton as
charged as a high crime and misdemeanor in
the first article, and as to be passed upon by
this court under that imputation and under
the President's defense. The crime as charged
must be regarded as the one to be considered,
and the crime as charged and also proved to
be the only one upon which the judgment has
to pass. Your necessary concession to these
obvious suggestions relieves very much of any
difficulty and of any protracted discussion this
very simple subject as it will appear to be.
Before taking up the terms of the article and
the consideration of the facts of the procedure
I ask your attention now, for we shall need to
use them as we proceed, to some general light
to be thrown both upon the construction of
the act by the debates of Congress and upon
the relation of the Cabinet as proper witnesses
or proper aids in reference to the intent and
purpose.of the President within the practice
of this Government, and with the latter first.
Most extraordinary, as I think, views have
been presented in behalf of the House of Rep-
resentatives in relation to Cabinet ministers.
The personal degradation fastened upon them
by the observations of the honorable Manager
[Mr. Boutwell] I have sufficiently referred to;
but I recollect that there are in your number
two other honorable Senators, the honorable
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] and
the honorable Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Har-
lan,] who must take their share of the oppro-
brium which yesterday I divided among three
members of this court alone.
But as matter of constitutional right, of
ability of the President to receive aid and di-
rection from these heads of Departments, it
has been presented as a dangerous innovation,
of a soit of Star Chamber council, I sup-
pose, intruded into the Constitution, that was
to devour our liberties. Well, men's minds
change rapidly on all these public questions,
and perhaps some members of this honorable
Senate may have altered their views on that
point from the time of the date of the paper I
hold in my hand, to which T wish to ask your
attention. It is a representation that was made
to Mr. President Lincoln by a very considerable
number of Senators as to the propriety of his
having a Cabinet that could aid him in the
discharge of his arduous executive duties:
"Tile theory of our Government, the early and
uniform practical construction thereof, is that the
President should be aided bj; a Cabinet council agree-
ing with him in political principle and general pol-
icy, anil that all important measures find appoint-
ments should bo the 1 esuH of their combined wisdom
and deliberation. The most obvious and necessary
condition of tilings, without which no Administration
can succeed, wo and the public behove does not ex-
ist; and, therefore, such selections and changes in
its members should bo mado as will secure to the
country unity of purpose and action in all material
and essential rcspects. Moro especially in the pres-
ent crisis of public affairs the Cabinet should bo
exclusively composed of statesmen who arc cordial,
resolute, unwavering supporters of the principles and
purposes above mentioned."
There are appended to this paper as it comes
to me the signatures of twenty-live Senators.
Whether it was so signed or not I am not ad-
vised; but that it was the action of those Sen-
ators, I believe, is not doubted, and among them
there are some fifteen or more that are mem-
bers of this present court. The paper has 110
date, but the occurrence was, I think, sometime
in the year 1802 or 1803, a transaction and a
juncture which is familiar to the recollection
of Senators who took part iu it, and doubtless
of all the public men who I have the honor
now to address.
These honorable Managers in behalf of the
House of Representatives do not hold to these
ideas at all, and I must think that the course
of this court in its administration of the laws of
evidence as not enabling the President to pro-
duce the supporting aid of his Cabinet, which
you said he ought to have in all his measures
and views, has either proceeded upon the
ground that his action, ill your judgment, did
! not need any explanation or support, or else
ij you had not sufficiently attended to these
: valuable and useful views about a Cabinet
! which were presented to the notice of Presi-
, dent Lincoln. Public rumor has said, the
\ truth of which I do not vouch, as I have no
j knowledge, but there are many who well know
j that the President rather turned the edge of
I this representation by a suggestion whether in
fact the meaning of the honorable Senators
was not that his Cabinet should agree with
them rather than with him, Mr. Lincoln. How-
ever that may be, the doctrines are good and
are according to the custom of the country and
the law of our Government*
We may then find it quite unnecessary to
refute by any very serious and prolonged argu-
ment the imputations and invectives against
Cabinet agreement with the President which
have been urged upon your attention.
And now, as bearing both on the question of
a fair right to doubt and deliberate on the part
of the President on the constitutionality of
this law, the civil-tenure act, and on the con-
struction of its first section as embracing or not
embracing Mr. Stanton, I may be permitted to
attract your attention to some points in the
debates in the Congress which have not yet
been alluded to. as well as to repeat some very
brief quotations which have once been pre-
sented to your attention. I will not recall the
history of the action of the House on the gen-
eral frame and purpose of the bill, nor the
persistence with which the Senate, as one of
the advisers of the President in the mattersof
appointment as well as a member of the legis-
lative branch of the Government, pressed the
exclusion of Cabinet ministers from the pur-
view of the bill altogether; but when it was
found that the House was persistent also in its
view, the Senate concurred with it on confer-
ence in a measure of accommodation con-
cerning this special matter of the Cabinet which
is now to be found in the text of the first sec-
tion of the act. In the debate on the tenure-
of-office bill the honorable Senator from Ore-
gon, [Mr. Williams,] who seems to have had,
with the honorable Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmunds,] some particular conduct of
the debate according to a practice apparently
quite prevalent now in our legislative halls,
said this :
" I do not regard the exception as of any great
practical couscquence"—
That is, the exception of Cabinet ministers—
" because I suppose if the President and any head of
a Department should disagree so as to make theirre-
lations unpleasant, and the President should signify
a desire that that head of Department should retire
from the Cabinet, that would follow without any
positive act of removal on the part of tho Presi-
dent,."—(hngrafiaional Globe, Tbirty-XilUh Congress,
second session, p. 383.
Mr. Sherman, bearing on the same point,
said:
"Any gentlema.n fit to be a Cabinet minister,who
receives an intimntionfrom his chief that his longer
continuanco in that office is unpleasant to him,
would necessarily resign. If he did not resign it
would show he was unfit to bo there. I cannot
imagine acase.wheie a Cabinet officer would hold
011 to his place in defiance and against the wishes of
his chief,"—Ibid.., p. 1(MG.
But, nevertheless, this practical lack of im-
portance in the measure, which induced the
Senate to yield their opinions of regularity of
governmental proceedings and permit a modi-
fication of the bill, led to the enactment as it
now appears; and the question is how this
matter was understood, not by one man, not
by one speaker, but, so far as the record goes,
by the whole Senate on the question of con-
struction of the act as inclusive of Mr. Stan-
ton in his personal incumbency of office or
not. When the conference committee reported
the section as it now reads as the result of a
compromise between the Senate in its firm
views and the House in its firm purposes the
honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr. How-
ard] asked that the proviso might be explained.
Now you are at the very point of finding out
what it means when a Senator gets so far as to
feel a doubt and wants to know and asks those
who have charge of the matter and are fully
competent to advise him. The honorable
Senator [Mr. Williams] states:
" Their terms of office shall expire when the term
of office of the President bywliomtheywere appointed
expires.
" I have from the beginning of this controversy
regarded this as quite an immaterial matter, for I
have no doubt that any Cabinet minister who has a
particle of self-respect—and we can hardly suppose
that any man would occupy so responsible an office
