THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
368
without having that feeling—would decline to re-
main in the Cabinet afterthe President had signified
to him that his prcscnce was no longer needed. As
a matter of course the effect of this provision will
amount to very little one way or tho other; for I
presume that whenever the President sees proper
to rid himself of an offensive or disagreeable Cabinet
minister, he will only have to signify that desire
and the minister will retire and a new appointment
be made."—Ibid., p. 1515.
Mr. Sherman, one of tho committee of con-
ference, states:
"I agreed to the report of the conference commit-
tee with a great deal of reluctance.
" I think that no gentleman, no man of any sense
of honor, would hold a position as a Cabinet officer
after his chief desired his removal, and, therefore,
the slightest intimation on the part of the President
would always sccurc the resignation of a Cabinet offi-
cer. For this reason I do not wish to jeopaid this
bill by an unimportant and collateral question."
He proceeds further:
"The proposition now submitted by the conference
committee"—
And this was in answer to the demand of the
Senate to know from the committee what they
had done and what the operation of it was to
be. The answer of Mr. Sherman is:
"The proposition now submitted by the conference
committee is that a Cabinet minister shall hold his
office during the i.(i:'[■: or thkm of the President who
appointed him. If the President diesthe Cabinetgoes
out; if the Presidentis removed for cause byimpeach-
inent the Cabinet goes out: at the expiration of the
term of the Pt cedent's office the Cabinet goes out."
This is found at page 1515 of the Globe of
that year. Now, how in the face of this can
we with patience listen to long arguments to
show that, in regard to Cabinet ministers situ-
ated as Mr. Stanton is, the whole object of lim-
itation of tho proviso and the bill to which the
Senate was ready to assent becomes nugatory
and unprotective of the President's necessary
right, by a constructive enforcement against
him of a continuing Cabinet officer whom he
never appointed at all? And how shall we
tolerate this argument that the term of a Presi-
dent lasts after he is dead, and that the term in
which Mr. Stanton was appointed by Mr. Lin-
coln lasts through the succeeding term to which
Mr. Lincoln was subsequently elected? But
that is not the point. You are asked to remove
a President from office under the stigma of
impeachment for crime, to strike down the only
elected head of the Government that the actual
circumstances permit the Constitution to have
recourse to, and to assume to yourselves the
sequestra'ion and administration of that office
ad interim upon the guilt of a President in
thinking that Mr. Sherman, in behalf of the
conference committee, was right in explain-
ing to the Senate what tho conference com-
mittee had done. Nobody contradicted him;
nobody wanted any further explanation; nobody
doubted that there was no vice or folly in this
act that, in undertaking to recognize a limited
right of the President not to have ministers
retained in office that he had not had some voice
in appointing, gave it the shape, and upon
these reasons, that it bears to-day.
And I would like to know who it is in this
honorable Senate that will bear the issue of the
scrutiny of the revising people of the United
States on a removal from oflice of the Presi-
dent for his removal of an officer that the Sen-
ate has thus declared not to be within tho pro-
tection of tho civil-tenure act. Agree that,
judicially, afterward it may be determined
anywhere that he is, who will pronounce a
judgment that it is wrong to doubt? Ego
assentior eo, the President- might well say in
deference to the opinion of Mr. Sherman, even
if that judgment of some inferior court, to say
nothing even of the highest, the Supreme
Court, or the highest special jurisdiction, this
court, should determine otherwise.
But the matter was brought up a little more
distinctly. Mr. DoOI.ittle having said that
this proviso would not keep in the Secretary of
War and that that had been asserted in debate
as its object, Mr. Sherman, still having charge
of the matter, as representing the conference
committee, proceeds:
" That the Senate had no such purpose was shown
by its vote twice to make this exception. That this
provision does not apply to the present ease is shown
by tho fact that its languago is so framed as not to
apply to the present President. The Senator shows'
that himself, and argues truly that it would not pre-
vent the present President from removing the Sec-
retary of War, the Secretary of tho Navy, and the
Secretary of State. And if I supposedthat either of
these gentlemen was so wan ting in manhood, in honor,
as to hold his place after the politest intimation by
the President of the United States that his services
were no longer needed, I, certainly, as a Senator,
would consent to his removal, and so would we all."
That is at page 1510 of the Globe ; and yet
later, in continuation of the explanation, the
same honorable Senator says thus definitely:
" We provide that aCabinetrainistershnll holdhis
oflice, not for a fixed term, NOT until the Senate
shall consent to his removal, but as lonq as the power
that appoints him holds office. It the principal office is
vacated, the Cabinet miniver goes out."—Page 1517.
And if the principal oflice is not vacated by
death under our Government, we certainly be-
I long to the race of the immortals. Now, sen-
ators, 1 press upon your consideration the in-
evitable. the inestimable weight of this sena-
torial discussion and conclusion. I do not
press it upon particular Senators who took
part in it, especially. I press it upon the con-
curring, unresisting, assenting, agreeing, con-
firming, corroborating silence of the whole Sen-
ate. And I would ask if a President of the
United States and his Cabinet, hiving before
them the question upon their own solution of
the ambiguities or difficulties, if there be any,
and I think there are not, in this section, might
not well repose upon tho sense of the Senate
that they would not have agreed to the bill if
it had any such efficacy as is now pretended
for it, and the explanation of the committee,
and tho acceptance of it by the Senate that it
had no such possible construction or force.
Nevertheless, if the President must be con-
victed of ahigh crime and misdemeanor for this
concurrence with jour united judgments, arid
that sentence proceeds also fiom your united
judgments, we shall have great difficulty in
knowing which of your united judgments is
entitled to the most regard.
In the House this matter was considered in
the statements of Mr. Sciiexcic, who, with Mr.
Williams and Mr. Wilson", now among the
Managers, constituted the conference commit-
tee, Mr. Wiluams having been, as is well
known, one of the principal promoters of the
original measure. Mr. Sche.vck states upon
a similar inquiry made in the House as to what
they had all done on conference:
" A compromise was made by which a further
amendment is added to this portion ot tile bill, so that
the term ofotlico of the heads of Departments slnill
expire with tile term of tbePresidentwho appointed
them, allowing those iicadsot'IJepartments one month
longer, m which, m ease ot death or otherwise, other
heads of Pepnrtments can be named. This is the
whole effect of the proposition reported by the com-
mittee of conferencc."
And again:
" Their terms of office are limited, as they are not
now limited by law,so that tb"ye-qine with thetenu
of service of the Pre-ident who 'ippmnts them and
one month nf er."—Coit'irci'iioaul filobe, second ses-
sion Thirty-Ninth Congre«, page 1B4U.
Not the elected term, but ''the term of ser-
vice;" and if removal by impeachment term-
inates the term of service, as it certainly does,
or death by a higher power equally terminates
it, upon Mr. Schkkck'r view, in which appar-
ently Messrs. Managers Wli.sox and Williams
concurred, the House is presented as coining
to the same conclusion with the Senate. Nev-
ertheless, tho whole grave matter left of crime
is an impeachment of the House for making
tho removal, and a condemnation sought, from
the Senate upon the same ground : and we are
brought, therefore, to a consideration of the i
meaning of the act, of its constitutionality, of I
the right of the President to put its eonstitu- j
j tionality in issue by proper and peaceful pro- |
| eeedings, or of his right to doubt and differ on |
! the construction, and honestly, peacefully to i
; proceed, as he might feel himself best advised, j
to learn what it truly meant. I
And now I may here at once dispose of what j
I may have lo say definitely in answer to some
proposition insisted on by the honorable Man- ;
ager, [Mr. Bovtwel;,.] He has undertaken to
disclose to you his views of the result of the j
debate of 1780, and of the doctrines of the I
Government as there developed, and has not
hesitated to claim that the limitation of those
doctrines was confined to appointments during
the recess of the Senate. Nothing could be
less supported by the debate or by the practice
of the Government. In the whole of that
debate, from beginning to end, there is not
founi any suggestion of the distinction that the
honorable Manager has not hesitated to lay
down in print for your guidance as its result.
The whole question was otherwise, whether or
no the power of removal resided in the Presi-
dent absolutely. If it did, why should he not
remove at one time as well as at another?
The power of appointment was restricted *ia
the Constitution by a distinction between recess
and session. If, on the other hand, the power
of removal was administerable by Congress, it
needed to provide for its deposit with the Pres-
ident, if that was the idea, as well in time of
session as in time of recess, because the whole
question and action of the separate exercise
of the power of removal from the power of
appointment would arise when the emergency
of removal dictated instant action. We under-
stand that when the removal is political, or on
the plan of rotation in oflice, as we call it, the
whole motive of the removal is the new
appointment.
The new appointment is the first thought
and wish. There is no desire to get rid of the
old officer except for the purpose of getting in
tho new. And therefore the general practice
of the Government in its mass of action, since
the times of rotation in office began, is of this
political removal, which is not getting rid of
the old officer from any objection to him, but
because his place is wanted for the new.
Hence all this parade of the action of the Gov-
ernment showing that it has been tho habit in
those political appointments to send in the
name of the new man, and by that action put
him in the place of tho old, serves no purpose
of argument, and carries not a penny's weight
on the question. The form of the notice as in
the last one on your table, the appointment
of General Schofleld, and so from the beginning
of the office, is " in place of A B," not " to be
removed by the Senate," but "of A B, re-
moved," meaning this: " I, as President, have
no power to appoint unless there is a vacancy;
I tell you that I have made a vacancy or pre-
sent to you a case of vacancy created by my
will, by removal; not death or resignation;
and I name to you C 1) to be appointed in the
place of A 15, removed." That is the mean-
ing of that action of the Government.
You will observe that in finding cases in the
practice of the Government where there has
been a separate act of removal, during session
or during l-ecess either, we are under two neces-
sary restrictions as to their abundance or fre-
quency, which the nature of the circumstances
imposes. The first is that in regard to Cabinet
officers you can hardly suppose an instant in
which a removal can be possible, because in
the language, honorable Senatois, you can
hardly conceive of the possibility of a Cabinet
officer's not resigning when it is intimated to
him that his place is wanted ; and, therefore, all
thistirade of exultation that we found no ease of
removal of a Cabinet officer save that of Timo-
thy Pickering rests upon Senator Siiermax's
proposition and Senator Williams's propo-
sition that you cannot conceive of the possi-
bility of there being a Cabinet minister that
would need to be removed, and the practice of
our Government has shown that these honor-
able Senators were right in their proposition,
and that there never have been, from the founda-
tion of the Government to the present time,
but two cases where there were Cabinet minis-
ters that on tho slightest intimation of their
chief did not resign. Now, do not urge on us
the paucity of the cases of removal of heads
of Departments as not helping the practice of
the Government when that paucity rests upon
retirement whenever a President desires it.
Mr. Pickering, having nothing but wild land
for his support and a family to sustain, flatly
told Mr. Adam.- that he would not resign, be--
