I8$7 
THB CONGRKBSIOlNAIi &LGHH.
18
that it should not be disclosed until it was offi-
cially presented to Congress.
Mr. COVODE. This arrangement wis of a
different character altogether.
Mr. GETZ. I will guaranty that the Obli-
gation was not violated in the case toVhich I
have referred, at any rate.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask the gentleman to
yield to ttio for one .minute.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot yield further.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and nnder the opera-
tion thereof the President's message was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, ami ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHENCK mowed to reconsider the
vote by which the message was referred; and
also moved that the notion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion wws agreed to.
Mr. MAYN ARD. I move that ten thousand
extra copies of the, President's, message be
printed for the use of this House.
Mr. BOYER. I move to amend so a  to
make the number twenty thousand copies.
Mr. BOSS. I move to make it fifty thousand
copies.
The SPEAKER'.. The tnotidns for printing
extra copies will be referred to the Committee
on Printing under the law.
report of secretary of treasury.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury
for 1867; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and' Means, and ordered to be printed.
report or comptroller of corrkifcy.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the fifth annual report of the Comptroller of
the Currency; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Cunency, fitid ordered
to be printed.
sinking ftj3d.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication froaa the Secretary of the
Treasury, in reply to a resolution Df the House
of November 25, 1867, relative to the amount
of  ny sinking fund set apart trader the aet of
February 25. 1802; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
KENTUCKY MEMBERS-—AGAIN.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the report
of the Committee of Elections m relation to
the naembers-eleet from the State of Kentucky.
The report concluded with the following reso-
lution :
Retohtd, That J mea B. Beck. Thomas I. Jones,
A. P. wrover, and J, Proettff Knott arc entitled to
Mala as members of this Honso from the State of
Kentucky.
Mr. COOK. I move that the report just
read be laid on the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOK. I now call the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order at this
time to move a postponement of this resolution
until to-morrow? ;
The SPEAKER. It would be should the
previous question not be seconded.
The previous question was then seconded,
upon a division—ayes seventy-five, noes aot
counted; and the main question was ordered.
Mr. COOK. I will now yield afew minutes
of my time to my colleague on the committee^
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. KERR. I desired simply to say tnat I
fully concur in the conclusion reached by the
committee and m all of the statements of the
evidence made in this report; but I am not
able to concur in some of the propositions pf
law and of policy stated in the report. I desire
to say simply that much in order to place
myself right upon the record, and nothing more.
I will act interfere with the progress of the
business of the House by making any farther
remarks.
Mr. COOK. My colleague on the commit-
tee, the gentleman from-.Missouri, {Mr. Me-
Clcrq,] desired me to state that, he did not
concur with the majority of the committee in
the reasoning of the report and the conclusion*
to Which they have arrived.
The resolution reported by the Committee
of Elections was adopted.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be kud on
the table.
. -The latter motion was agreed to.
Hie SPEAKfiR. Theg^ntlemftn-wtWmtlre
House, by the resolution just adopted, has
declared to be entitled to seats aS Represent-
atives from the State of Kentucky, -will present
themselves at the Speaker's desk to take the
oath of office. ;
Messrs. James B. Beck, Asa- P. Gkot* ,
and J. Proctor KnotT presented the-mset+es.
ami were duly qualified by taking the oAth pre-
scribed by law.
REPEAL 0^ TAX COTMN. *
Mri SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, 1 report
back from the.Committee of Ways and Means
joint resolution. H. R. No. 195, for the repeal
of the tax on cotton; a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Tennessee in relation to the tag on
cotton; a resolution of the Chamber of Com-
merce of Cincinnati,, recommending the Repeal
of the cotton tax, and the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Maine [Mr, Bi.aine]
for the repeal of the tax on cotton. The com-
mittee having prepared a Lill covering this
whole subject, whica I am now ready to report,
I move that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of these papers,, and
that they be laid on the table.
The motion waa agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Cookmktee of
Ways ana Means, reported a- bill to provide
for die exemption of cotton from internal tax;
which was read.a first arid second time.
The bill, which was read in full', provides
that all cotton grown in the Certed States after
th« year 1867 snail be exempt from internal t&i.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now before the
House for consideration.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that I shall not be
considered as trespassing too much upon-the
indulgence of the House if I should ask the
consideration of this bill, relating to a matter
in which the public generally feels a great
interest at this time. I propose to ask that it
be considered in the House; and after present-
ing a very brief statement on my part, to be
followed by nothing else so far as I am. con-
cerned, unless it be rendered necessary by a
debate which may spring up, I shall ask that
we adopt, by unanimous eonsent, the ten-min-
utes rule, in order that there nay be • busi-
ness discussion upon the subject, and that* at
the same time, the previous question aot being
called, an opportunity may be afforded for iny
appropriate amendment which any gentleman
m y think proper to offer to the bill.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schbnck] whether
he will allow an amendment to repeal the tax
upon sugar?
Mr. SCHENCK. No? sir; I shall strictly
insist that amendment* be .confined to the sub-
ject-matter before the Hoiieg, and that, as the
bill is limited to one special tajt nothing which
is Bot germane to the bill shall be considered
in order. If I am not right in this construc-
tion of the rale, I beg to be informed upon the
point now by the Speaker, and i will eall the
previous question.
, Mr. FARNS WORTH. I suppose that as
the bill relates to taxation any amendment in
reference .to that subject would be in order.
; Mr. SCHENCK. If the bill is to be con-
sidered open for any amendment it  relation to
any tax I -should like to be informed of that
fas'*
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer the
question suggested by th* gentleman from
Ofaio, [Mr. Schbsce.]
Various propositions in regard to the repeaJ
of the cot toft tax have been referred to the
Committee 6f Ways and Means* and the com-*
mittCe now report a bill entitled "A bill to
provide tor the exemption of cotton from inters
nal tax.'' Amendments toast be governed by
the title of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Bat, Mr. Speaker,
cannot the title of the bill be amended as well
as the bo'dy of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It can-; but the Chair
will rule tluit auneridments on any other subject
Will not be in order tothis bill. < •
Mr. FARNSWORTH* It will be in order
as-soon as the title if* amended ?
, The SPIiAKER. ■ The title is the lest tilling
to be voted on in this 1 Loose.
■Mr. SCHENCK. If the other things onnM
not be got into the bill there will be no seed
tot amend the title. .
■ Mr. CHANLER. What wiR bethe effect of
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
on the debate on this, bill? If it prevails will
it limit).all debate to ten minabeg ? Or does it
apply to the whole Kill t
- Miv SCHENCK.
There are but few worde
in the bill.
•The SPEAKER. The debate is only limited
to tea minutes to each member. .
Mtj;SCHBNCK. My proposition is not to
confine-debate to an aggregate of ten minutes^
bat that eaeh member shall be limited to ten
minutes.
There waa no objection, and it waa- ordered
accordingly. ■
Mr. SCHENCK; I will bow, as I am caMed
upon to dot so, - reply to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. FaRNS worth;] that the tax ufKHt
sugar and all other subjects will not fail to have
the attention of the eommittee. We hai-eonly
confined action to this subject, of the tax on
eottiorr beeptm there are special reasons for it.
Now, sir, t will bat'say in.reference 'to thift
tax on eotton, every one knows and under<
stands it to have been an exceptional tax and
a departure from the ordinary princip|e°wEieb
prevaik in one legislation in the Uuited HtatM
not to impose a burden upon an agfieuUnfai
product. The tax On the part of those who
voted for it, of whom I was one, tmdfr the
original proposition was considered justified
in some degree, perhaps as a war measure, o*
rather as a measure following upon the heel
of the war and relating to matters wtrieh had
been affected by the disturbance of. the couitk
try. It was also supported on the ground
there was but little revenue to be' derived
froni the southern part of the country except
through a tax of this kind.) And it was just-
ified generally by the anomalous condition
of all that was then axisting tod in * measure
exists up to this time inr that part of- the
country. Th  time'has now arrived, I believe,
in the general judgment of the country, and
certainly in the unanimous judgment of the
■ Waysstard Means Committee, toremove that tax.
And it will be observed *e propose toremove
it prospectively. If thia Blatter had come up
for consideration as long ago as September last,
when the eotton crop of the present year tffcs
just coming into market, and when it had not
passed from Che hands of the grower, it is not
impossible the committee might have recom-
mended to the House, to make the law take
istmiediate effect npon its passlage; but the con-
dition of things hati Very much changed since
that date. The cotton crop of the United
States is variously estimated by official authority
—the cotton erop I, roettn, of thepresent year—
fro to one million hine hundred thousand to
t#o million seveb hundred thousand bales
The tax last year was about twenty-three mil-
lion dollars. It appears to have been cloaely
collected, inasmuch as that is about the amount
Of the tax which would have been derived if
faithfully paid upon the whole crop of that
year. There is no Feaaota to %«liev6 the tax
Will not be aa faithfully and as sncoessfully col-
lected during the present year. But of these
bales raised daring the present year it is known
at least one fifth has gone forward and been
put upon the market. It is presumed on.good
authority bythe committee that a large pro-
