1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1397
Mr. LOGAN. You are very welcome, sir.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. Let me remark, before
I proceed to say what I am able to say upon
the question under consideration, that I feel
confident I shall not be able to say what I
would desire to say, and I shall, out of respect
to those of my friends upon this side of the
House who have solicited me, and who desire
an opportunity of opening their speeches and
printing the balance, to be read by the country
as their excuse for this action, yield a portion
of my time to them.
This proceeding to impeach the President
is another wave of the war, of the surging
passions it evolved. It is the third time it
lias threatened to overwhelm and submerge
the present Executive in an effort to impeach
him. It is an effort no more hostile to him
and to his honor than to the exercise of the
executive power as one of the constitutional
powers of this Government. The President
and the power will go down together. It is a
war upon the Government itself, and it does
seem as though these oft-repeated assaults
will ultimately be successful. " The House is
divided against itself." The once accordant
and harmonious departments have become
hostile and belligerent, and one only equal and
coordinate branch is struggling for the destruc-
tion and absorption of the others. In my judg-
ment this measure is devised solely for the pur-
pose of merging the executive iri the legislative
department of this Government. It is to de-
prive the President of his right to exercise the
executive power.. Who believes that this is
the movement of the lovers of the Constitu-
tion and the laws made in pursuance thereof
for their defense and protection? Who be-
lieves that it is for the purpose of keeping the
President in his legitimate executive sphere ?
If any one doubts upon this point, let me
ask him why it is that Mr. Stanton, who pro-
nounces this tenure-of-office bill unconstitu-
tional, is so anxious to hold on to this office?
Why is it, when distinguished Senators de-
clared that no gentleman, no man of honor,
could hold on to a Cabinet office after an inti-
mation from the President that he was not
wanted, that his resignation was desired? Why
is it, when the personal and official relations
of the Secretary and the President are admit-
tedly such that they can have no intercourse
or communication with each other? Is it, I
repeat, to strengthen and aid the Executive in
the legitimate and proper exercise of the ex-
ecutive power?
It is admitted upon all hands that the party
for impeachment desire to keep Mr. Stanton
there to oppose and circumvent the President.
He is kept there in the interest of the legisla-
tive and not the executive power. He is kept
in the interest of Congress and not the Presi-
dent. He is expected to execute the will of
Congress, to do its bidding, to strengthen its
power, to oppose and not to aid the President.
Now, I put it to the gentlemen upon the
other side of this House, if they expect or
believe that it is possible for this Government
of several and coequal departments to exist
while not only warring with each other, but
while the one has not only a spy, a common
informer, in the confidential counsels of the
other, but a known and determined enemy,
holding his position against his own pro-
nounced convictions of constitutional right and
duty ?
Sir, I believe this is the part of a great and
organized plan to get rid of the Executive and
to invest Congress with all the powers of Gov-
ernment. It is the execution of a great and
determined purpose to subvert and overthrow
the Constitution and destroy all the constitu-
tional departments of the Government. It is
the carrying out of a purpose long since formed
by the most radical portion of this Congress
to retain power, right or wrong—to hold on
to the offices heretofore subject to the dispo-
sition of the Executive, even if bv such holding
the Government of the Constitution and all
the great interests of the people shall be
involved in one common ruin.
Mr. Speaker, I have here a letter containing
some conversation with a leading Republican
official, which has been sent to a gentleman in
this House, which I will ask the Cierk to read,
and which goes conclusively to prove that such
a plan as I have hinted at does in fact exist,
and that there are gentlemen in that party high
in office who know and avow it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Baltjmobe, February 22, 1868.
Dear Sir: I send herewith a memorandum of a
conversation between an influential member of the
Republican executive committee and a gentleman
of this city, who, soon after it occurred, repeated it
to me in the presence of Dr. Lettcrman.
It occurs to mo that in this crisis of the country you
may be able to use it for the public good, If you
think so you can use it at your discretion.
Yours, &c„ BEN. E. GREEN. •
I have read the inclosed memorandum of the con-
versation above referred to, and find that it is reported
with great accuracy, almost, if not entirely, verbatim.
W. H. LETTERMAN.
Hon. ■ —;—, Washington City.
The following conversation, in very nearly, if not
precisely so many words, took place last fall between
an influential member of the Radical executive com-
mittee and a gentleman who had been a zealous sup-
porter of the Government and of the war, in which
he proved himself a gallant soldier, but who is now a
Conservative, although at the date of this conversa-
tion, September, 1867, his interlocutor supposed he
was conferring with a Chase man as thorough-going
and unflinching as himself:
Committeeman. Johnson is acting very foolishly in
removing Sheridan and Sickles.
Conservative. Why so?
Committeeman. Becauseitwill exasperate the Grand
Army of the Republic and the masses of the Repub-
lican party, who will insist on his impeachment and
removal. Heretofore we (meaning the Chase men)
have opposed the impeachment scheme because it
would place Wade in posilion to set up for himself,
and he might use the power and patronage of the
Government for himself and against Mr. Chase. But
Johnson's action makes it moio dangerous for Mr.
Chase to hold back than to run the risk of placing
Wade in position. In these times, if a man falls be-
hind his party ho ceases to be the leader. Others
will push forward where he hesitates and will take
his place as leaders.
Conservative. What news from the canvass in Ohio?
Committeeman. The result is doubtful. Some of the
advices say wo will bo defeated. But Mr. Chase is
going to Ohio himself, and is sanguine. If we main-
tain ourselves in the fall elections we can afford to
lot Johnson serve out his term. But if the indications
aro that the presidential elections arc likely to go
against us there will be no alternative. We must
turn him out and put in his place some one who will
use the Army, if necessary, to carry the elections. It
was fully proved during the war here in Maryland,
and in the last presidential election, that the party
that controls the Army can control the elections,
and we must have some man who will use the Army
as may be necessary when the elections come off. In
that event, if it becomes necessary to put Wade in the
Executive office, we (the Chase men) must run that
risk.
Conservative. What if Johnson should resist?
Committeeman. IIow can lie? What can he do?
In the first place, we have the control of the United
States Army. lie has let Stanton fill the Army from
top to bottom with men on whom wo can rely. Bow-
erman was the least reliable man to whom an appoint-
ment was ottered. He declined, and we got an un-
questionable man in his place, although I do not
doubt but that we would find him all right when the
emergency comes. Next, we have the Grand Army
of the Republic thoroughly organized, and we have
the Governors-of all the States except Maryland
and Connecticut. What can Swann and English do
to help Johnson with their little squads of Maryland
and Connecticut militia while we have the militias
ot the great States of New York and Pennsylvania,
controlled by Fenton and Geary, interposed between
them? Johnson has no organized means of resist-
ance. We can do with him as we please and as our
necessities require.
Conservative. But, if the Republican party take
that course to retain power, do you not think there
will be a reaction that will be worse for them in the
end?
Committeeman. With the control of the Army we
canputdown all reaction. We must use power to
keep power. With the exception of* Mr. Chase,
Winter Davis was the wisest, because tho boldest,
statesman of our party. His motto was that we
should use power to keep power. Therefore he de-
clared for negro suffrage, and did not hesitate to avow
that he advocated negro suffrage, because it was
neeessary to the perpetuation of our party ascend-
ancy. No one living more thoioughly detested and
repudiated, as a man, the idea of negro equality, or
of their fitness to exercise the franchise intelligently.
But their very unfitness enables us more easilyto
control them; and their votes being necessary to
enable us to keep power, as a statesman he would
use them as a necessary means to accomplish that
object.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, the lover
of the Constitution and of the laws and their
defenders may well stand appalled when a high
official in a party, omnipotent in power, and
that has the control of the Government of this
country—that assumes to be the Government—
makes sueh a statement. I have no less doubt
myself now than I had months ago that such
is the purpose of tlie party attempting to im-
peach the President. They have long enter-
tained the idea and had the settled purpose to
retain power at all hazards—to keep them-
selves in power by right or by wrong—whether
the Republic should stand or fall.
There have been from fifty to sixty members
in this House who, it has been supposed, w§fe
ready, at all times and under any and all cir-
cumstances, to vote to impeach the President,
right or wrong. They have insisted that he
ought to be put out of office—out of the way;
that he stood in the way of the party—in the
way of its great and holy purposes. And the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
the "great commoner," as he is called, whose
power and influence we have felt and seen in
this House, tells us that all his measures are
outside of the Constitution. This is one of
his measures, and by him considered outside
of the Constitution and necessary to the per-
fection of his plans and the party he leads.
When a party is thus pledged and bound
together by oaths, is supported by an army,
called the "Army of the Republic," to carry
out its measures, I say we may well suppose
that that purpose will be executed.
Gentlemen tell us that the President must
execute this tenure-of-office bill because Con-
gress has declared that it was a law. I was
amazed to hear the distinguished chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary, a gentleman
for whom I have the highest respect, [Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa,] aver that that is the law
which Congress decrees to be the law. Sir, if
that be true, then if Congress should decree
that the President were not to be any longer
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy,
and that General Grant should, from this time
on exercise all the powers of Commander-in-
Chief, according to that construction, that de-
cree is the law of the land, notwithstanding
the Constitution confers it as an original power
upon the President only. The proposition
itself demonstrates its own absurdity. Congress
cannot determine or adjudicate the law. That
power by the Constitution devolves upon the
judicial department. The President has the
same right in his legitimate constitutional
sphere, in the exercise of the executive power,
to determine what is the law as Congress in
its sphere has to determine.
I have no doubt that this purpose to impeach
the President will be carried out. Those who
had a show of conservatism, who placed them-
selves upon grounds which are as inconsistent
with their present action as they would have
been bad they voted in the first instance for
impeachment; all those have gone over under
the pressure of party power and party drill.
They- have sunk their individual judgment and
lost their individual character by yielding to
party demands. The party requires it, and the
President must be impeached. The party re-
quires it, and the Constitution must be sub-
verted. The Republic may fall, but the Repub-
lican party, "so-called," must be saved.
You propose to impeach the President for
not executing that which you call a law how-
ever violative of the Constitution. You de-
mand of him that he shall execute the laws.
Is not. your Constitution law? And must he
not execute the provisions of that instrument?
Is that not what he has by his oath obligated
himself and by his office became bound to exe-
cute? And when a duty is clearly prescribed
by the Constitution is he not as much bound
to execute that as law as though Congress had
given expression to and required the power by
an act of its own to be exercised, and placed
it in the form of a law on your statute-book?
Gentlemen upon the other side have ignored
this question altogether. They have argued
as though the Constitution were not a part of
the law which the President was to execute.
Sir, it is the great law. the law from which
the President derives his power, from which
