1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4469
when it becomes due, but the same shall be paid
on presentation at the Treasury. Such state-
ment shall also contain an account of the
amount outstanding of subsidy bonds issued to
railroad companies; also the amount of coin,
the amount of outstanding gold certificates,
and the whole amount of currency in the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I desire to make a sug-
gestion in regard to one of the sections of this
bill, and also to move an amendment to it.
The suggestion I have to make is in regard to
the last section of the bill, I think. It is that
the Sgcretary of the Treasury shall be required
to report the amount of interest due and unpaid,
for it happens now that we think we are di-
minishing our debt, and on the 1st of July or
the 1st of January, when a large amount of
interest becomes due and is paid, we find that
we are losing instead of gaining. I also ask
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] to
allow me to offer an amendment as an addi-
tional section.
Mr. LOGAN. I will yield to allow the
amendment to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
SEC. —. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury bo, and he hereby is, prohibited
from making sales of gold for any purpose whatever.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to that
amendment, and I allow it to be offered. I
think thsid can be no objection to the pro-
visions of this bill, as similar provisions were
incorporated in the funding bill, already passed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and l-ead a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the, bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
heirs of major. john ripley.
On motion of Mr. WASIIBUIIN, of Massa- j
chusetts, and by unanimous consent, the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions and of the
War of 1812 was discharged from further con-
sideration of the petition of the heirs of Major
John Ripley, and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
g. p. putnam and eliza ketciiam.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, by
unanimous consent, introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. It. No. 360) relative to the accounts
of George P. Putnam and Eliza Ketcham ;
which was read a first and second time, and
rcl'erred to the Committee of Claims.
printing of i.axd office report.
Mr. LAFLIN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Printing the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That there bo printed for the use of the
House filteen thousand extra copies of the report o_f
the CommisMonerof the General Laud Office for 1867,
five thousand of the above in lull with the connected
maps of the United States, and ten thousand of the
abridgments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like the gentleman to explain this resolution.
Mr. LAFLIN. The document we propose
to print is the regular report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. We pro-
pose to publish fifteen thousand extra copies,
five thousand with the connected maps and ten
thousand in the abridged form.
The resolution was adopted.
report on education.
Mr. LAFLIN also, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Printing the
following resolution ; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Whereas the House of Representatives did, upon
the 2d of Juno last, order the printing of the report
of the Commis ioner of Eduoati-on, with the accom-
panying documents; and whereas it appears that
the report proper covers thirty-thioe pages; and
whereas the accompanying documents embrace eight
hundred and forty-eight pages: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That so much of said order as re-
quires the printing of the accompanying documents
be, and is hereby, rescinded, except upon the order
of tho Committee on Printing.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
frauds on the revenue.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on Commerce a bill
(S. No. 442) to amend section one of "An act
to prevent and punish frauds upon the revenue,
and for other purposes," approved March 3,
1.863.
The bill provides that the act named in the
title be amended by adding to section one the
following additional proviso:
And provided further. That in case of goods, wares,
and merchandise imported from a foreign country
adjacent to the United States, the declaration in this
section heienibefore required may be made to, and
the certificate indorsed by, tho consul, vice consul,
or commercial agent at or nearest to tho port or
place of clearance for the United States.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on ihe
table.
The latter motion was agreed to
remission of tax law penalties.
Mr. BECIv, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Itemlved, That-the Committee of Way.? and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pre-
senting to tho House, for immediate action, a joint
resolution exempting a.U persons trom the penalties
and forfeitures imposed b3r the internal lcvenue law
passed at this session, for such period of time, not
less than twenty days, as will enable the peisous
affected thereby to obtain copies of said law and
understand the provisions thereof.
sandy bruce.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move,
by unanimous consent, that the Committee on
Accounts be directed to add fifteen dollars a
month to the pay of Sandy Bruce, who attends
to us so well m the bath-rooms.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
amendment of the tax law.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am directed to report
back from the Committee of Ways and Means
House bill No. 1452, to repeal section one
hundred and thirty-aix of the act of June 30,
18C4, entitled "An act to provide ways and
means to support the Government, and for
other purposes," with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill was read. It provides that section
one hundred and thirty-six of the act of June
30, 18C4, entitled "An act to provide ways
and means to support the Government, and for
other purposes," bo repealed, and that any
legacy or succession tax that is now due and
unpaid, or hereafter may become due by virtue
and under said section, be released.
Mr. MAYNARD. I now ask that section
one hundred and thirty-six be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 13G. And be it further enfteted, That where
real estate shall become subject to a trust for any
charitable or public purposes under any part or
future disposition, which, if mado in favor of an
individual, would confer on him a succession, there
shall be payable in respect of such real estate upon
its becoming subject to such trusts or duty at the
rate of six per cent, upon tho amount or principal
value of such real estate.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is proposed not to
make that class of transfers subject to tax, as
they are for charitable purposes.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 hope the bill will be
passed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to i-econsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
helen and heloise lincoln.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unani-
mous consent to introduce a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 361) for the relief of Helen and
Heloise Lincoln.
There was noobjection,and thejoint resolution
was received and read a first and second time.
The preamble states that on orabout the 5th day'
of January, 1868, the Kioway Indians, captured
in Cook county, State ofTexas, two female chil-
dren, whose family name is unknown aged about
three and five years, after having murdered
their parents and all known relations ; and that
they have recently been recovered from those
Indians, and are now in the care of J. H. Leav-
enworth, United States Indian agent, and are
without any means of support. It then directs
the Secretary of the Interior to reserve from
any moneys due or to become due to the Kio-
way Indians the sum of $5,000 for each one of
said children, to be used in such manner as he
may deem expedient for their maintenance,
education, and support, the eldest of the chil-
dren to be known as Helen Lincoln and the
youngest as Heloise Lincoln.
Mr. DELANO. I hope the gentleman will
modify his resolution so as to provide that this
money shall be invested in United States secur-
ities for the benefit of these children.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I accept that.
Mr. DELANO. I wish to make a single
statement in reference to this joint resolution.
[Criesof " Oh, no ! let us pass it!"] Very well,
then.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me
this resolution as it stands now allows the
Secretary of the Interior to pay these Indiana
what shall be due to them, deducting $5,000;
and it seems to me to be wrong to allow the
Secretary of the Interior to pay any tribes of
Indians which hold white women and children
in captivity. I wish, therefore, to amend the
resolution so as to cut off any annuity to any
Indians who hold white women and children in
captivity.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I do not object
to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MULLINS. It does not go far enough.
It should embrace people held m captivity of
whatever color. I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thejoint resolution, as amended,was ordered
to bo engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
peonage ok nayaj0es.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
present for immediate action a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 302) to aid in relieving from peon-
age women and children of the Navajo Indi-
ans. I think it will commend itself to every
member of the House.
The joint! resolution was read a first and
second time. It authorizes and requests Lieu-
tenant General Sherman to use the most effi-
cient means his judgment will approve to
reclaim from peonage the women and children
of the Navajo Indians, now held in slavery in
the territory adjacent to their homes, on the
reservation on which the Navajo Indians have
ij been confined.
]i Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
jj merely to say that there are now four thousand
i of these women and children held in peonage,
! and I desire that General Sherman shall have
authority to use such means as his juagmen
approves to take them away from peonage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being. engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
