3446
THE CONGRESSIONAL txLOBE.
June 24,
to five days, and there are many who allow
their beer to ferment that length of time now,
while others run seventy-two, fifty, forty-eight,
and even twenty-four hour beer. How is this
to be determined? On what basis are you to
make your estimates? Whatever else about
distillation can be regulated and controlled by
legislation, this is one that cannot be fixed or
any uniform rule established. Natural forces
are at work which depend upon a thousand
conditions not possible for man to control.
There are many other objections which I will
not mention ip detail, but all have their effect
in regulating the capacity of a distillery.
1. A sufficient supply of water—a very serious
difficulty at times.
2. The relative length of time required to
perform similar acts in different distilleries of
same capacity. For instance, one may be able
to charge his still in ten minutes; another it
would take forty-five minutes.
3. The mill capacity of the distiller must
also be considered.
4. What provision will there be made for
breakages, stoppages, &c. It matters not what
it may be it opens the door for fraud and
corruption.
Again, suppose a distillery has fermenting
capacity of say one thousand bushels, which, of
course, must be calculated on the three-day
fermentation basis. He will, therefore, if work-
ing honestly, consume one thousand bushels of
grain in three days and obtain a yield of over
four thousand gallons. If, however, he uses
the same capacity and mashes one thousand
bushels each day and obtains three gallons per
bushel (or even four gallons, as has been shown
can be done by sulphurous acid) he would then
be enabled to obtain from the same fermenting
capacity three times more than the estimating
inspector could fairly estimate the distillery at.
If a limit as to time of fermentation was placed
by law on distillers it would then require three
times as many revenue officers as we now have
under the complicated and impractical regula-
tions of the revenue department.
Mr. SCHENCK. I agree with the argument
of my colleague, but it relates to another mat-
ter, the capacity of stills. This relates to the
capacity to ferment and must. I hope the
amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. MUNGEN. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following ver-
bal amendment to remove any ambiguity: In
lines nine and ten, strike out the words "not
be compelled to pay on any distillery more
than," and insert in lieu thereof " pay only."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the unanimous eon-
sent of the committee that all debate be closed
on this section.
Mr. INGERSOLL. T wish to offer another
amendment before that is done.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I will ask unanimous
consent that all debate be stopped on the sec-
tions of the bill down to and including section
forty three on page 52. That will leave the
sections open for amendment. We never shall
get through with the bill in this way. That
will leave open all questions about export
warehouses.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move that the
committee rise for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and Mr.
Pomeroy having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Blaine reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, pursuant to the order of the House,
had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly the special order, being House
bill No. 1284, to change and more effectually
secure the collection of internal taxes on dis-
tilled spirits and tobacco, and to amend the
tax on banks, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that all debate j
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union shall cease in one minute upon all the j
sections of the tax bill down to and including
section forty-three. That will leave what
relates to the export warehouses open for fur-
ther consideration.
Mr. HARDING. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether that limitation will
apply to the provision which I endeavored to
have inserted in the bill. By reference to the
law I find that I am sustained and the distin-
guished chairman of the committee is mis-
taken. I refer hioi to the law.
Mr. SCHENCK. .The action which I pro-
pose will simply cut off debate; it will not
prevent the offering of any amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that by the rules of the House we
cannot close debate except upon the peuding
section of the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Pom-
eroy.-) The Chair holds that it is in order for
the House to terminate debate upon one sec-
tion or more, as it may choose.
The motion of Mr. Schbnck was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House again resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and resume the considera-
tion of the internal tax bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Blaine in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 1281) to change and more effect-
ually secure the collection of internal taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and to amend the
tax on banks.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate upon the sections down to and
including section forty-three will terminate in
one minute.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend by
striking out in the last sentence of section
twelve the words '"two dollars" and inserting
ia lieu thereof the words "onedollar;" so that
the sentence will read:
But any distiller who shall stop work, as provided
by this act, shall not be compelled to pay on any dis-
tillery more than onedollar per day during the time
tho work shall bo so susponded in his distillery.
The amendment was not agreed to : there
being—ayes 38, noes 66.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That any person
who shall manufacture any still, boiler, or other
vessel to bo usedfor the purpose of distilling, shall
betore the samo is removed from thcplnoe of manu-
facture, notify m writing the assessor of the district
m which such still, boiler, or other vessel is to be
used or set up, by whom it is to be used, its capacity,
ana the timo when the same is to bo removed from
the place of manufacture; and no such still, boiler
or other vessel shall be set up without tho permit in
writing of the said assessor for that purpose: and
any person who shall set up any such still, boiler, or
other vessel, without first obtaining a permit from
the said assessor of the district in which such still
I? I?!i ?,LothPr vessel is intended to be used, or who
shall fail to give such notice, shall pay in either case
the sum of $500, and shall forfeit the distilling appa-
ratus thus removed or set up in violation of law.
Mr. McCORMICK. I move to amend bv
striking out the section just read.
The amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read as follows :
H il f]LXtller enacted, That every dis-
tn he ' i',hls own- expense, a warehouse,
to be situated on and to constitute a part of his dis-
eUsed only for the storage of
iPln t.0 ,, Vs own uianufacture, but no
dwelling-house shall be used for such purpose and
no door, window, or other opening shall be made or
fntr„mAWef- V?„the w'>Us of ™«li waiXuseTading
h I6ry or  >to <M>y other room or building
Snnor r^Wiart s,e,bwhen apJ>r°ved by the Commis-
sioner pi internal Revenue, on report of the col-
nf fhr,TT3 •i0riecF ?eol.ar®d '0 be a bonded warehouse
hmiao i, n kes' J e k"own as adistillervware-
house, and shall be under the direction and control
of the collector of the district, and in charge of n n
internal revenue storekeeper assigned thereto by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and the t xx on
the sp,nts stored m such warehouse shall be paid
i^^ursu^ce of ]aw,S * War<ih0USe'
* move to amend by striking
out at the end of the section the word "law"
and inserting the words " this act."
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that amendment
will be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the owner,
agent, or superintendent of any distillery established
as hereinbefore provided,, shall erect, in a room oj?
building to be provided and used for that purpose,
and for no other, and to be constructed in the man- 
ner to bo prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, two or more receiving cisterns, each to be
at least of sufficient capacity to hold all the spirits
distilled during the day of twenty-four hours, into
which shall be conveyed all the spirits produced in
said distillery; and each of such cisterns shall be so*
constructed as to leave an open space of at least three
feet between the top thereof and the floor or roof
above, and of not less than eighteen inches between
the bottom thereof and the floor below, and shall be
so situated that the officer can pass around the same,
and shall be connected with the outlet of the worm
or condenser by suitable pipes or other apparatus ss
constructed as always to be exposed to the view of
the officer, and so connected and constructed as to
prevent the abstraction of spirits while passing from:
the outlet of the worm or eondenser to the receiving
cisterns; such cisterns and the room in which they are
contained shall be in charge of and under the lock
and seal of the internal revenue gauger designated
for that duty; and on the third day after the spirit®
are conveyed into such cisterns the same shall be
drawn off into casks or other packages, under the
supervision of such gauger in the presence of the
storekeeper, and shall bo immediately inspected,
gauged, proved, and the casks or packages marked',
as herein provided by law, and be removed directly
to the distillery warehouse; and on speo'fal applica-
tion to the assessor or assistant assessor by the own er,
agent, or superintendent of any distillery, the spirits
may bq drawn off from the said cisterns under the
supervision of the gauger at any time previous to tho
third day. All locks and seals required by J aw shall
be provided by the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, at the expense of tho owner of the distillery or
warehouse; and the keys shall- be in charge of the
collector or snch gauger as-he may designate.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 16. And he if further enacted. That the door of
the furnace of every still or boiler ased in any distill-
ery shall be so constructed that it may be securely
fastened and lockod. The fermenting tubs shall be
so placed as to be easily accessible to any revenue
omcer, and each tub shall have distinctly painted
thereon m oil colors* its cubic contents in gallons and
the number of tho tub. There shall be a clear space
of not less than one foot around every wood-still
and not less than two feet around every doubler and
worm-tank. The doublerr or doubler and woius-
tanks, shall be elevated not less than one foot from
the floor; and every fixedpipe to be used by the dis-
tiller, except for the conveyance of water, or of spent
mash or beer only,shall be so fixed andplaccd as to
be capable of being examined by the officcr for the
whole of its length or course, and shall be painted
and kept painted, as follows, that is to say; everv
pipe lor the conveyance of mash or beer shall be
painted of a red color; every pipe for the conveyance
of tow wines back into the still or doubler shall be
Fi?1?! £ .ei every pipe for the conveyance of spirits
pajPto? E it lnd ev.ei*y for the con-
veyance of water shall be painted white. If any
fixed pipe.shall be used by any distiller which shall
not bo painted or kept painted as herein directed
or which shaM be painted otherwise than as herein
directed, he shall forfeit th'e sum of $1 000 Nn
assessor shall approve the bond of any distiller until
all the requirements of the law and all regulations
of Intemal Revenue in
1. distilleries, 111 pursuance thereot, shall
with Any assessor who sha 1
vlol^e,t^e Provisions of this section shall forfeit onrt
pay $2,000, and shall be dismissed from office.
No amendment w&s offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted. That everv ner.
son engaged in distilling or rectifying spirits and
every wholesale lwuor dealer and compounder of
liquors, and every keeper of a warehouse for distiller)
sFdTS vali-P!?,C,e andke?5conspicuouslySntheout-
side of his distillery rectiiymg establishment place
of business, or warehouse, a sijn.in plain and^wH
ble letters, not less than three inehel in wfh*
painted m oil colors or gilded, and of a proper and
proportionate width, the name or firm of the distiller
2'%' Wholesale dealer, compounder, or\vareI
house keeper, with the words: "Registered dis-
tillery,'' 'rectifier of spirits," " wholesale liouor
l0alS-' - ^pounder of liquors," or "worohSSse
for distilled spirits, ' as the case may be- and no
fence or wall of a height greater than five feet «hall
be erected or maintained around the prem.'e, of
will K no.r,s!l^11 flle sate 01- door of such fence or
wail be Kept locked or otherwise fastened so v t„
prevent easy and immediate access to said distillery"
and every distiller shall furnish to tho assessor of the
district as many keys of the doors of the distflierv
as may be required by the assessor, from time to
a'P revenue officer or other person who
uiay be authorized to make survey or insDeetionq of
thef Premises or of the contents kereo!? and°aid
.aIwa>*s accessible to anv offi-
il? i I5?rs?n, having any such key. Any per-
ukali violate any of tho provisions of this
section by negligence or refusal, or otherwise, shall
