4470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
Mr. BUTLER. of Massachusetts. moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report a
hill (II. It. No. 1455) to correct an error in
the enrollment of the act imposing taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other pur-
poses. It is merely to insert the word " not,"
which was omitted.
The bill was read a first and second time.
It amends section forty-eight of the internal
tax bill by inserting the word " not," so as to
read, "thirteen dollars per dozen bottles, each
bottle containing not more than one pint."
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading: and being engrossed it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPORTATION OF MACHINERY.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report a bill
(H. R. No. 145G) to authorize the importation
of machinery for repair only free of duty.
The bill was read a first and second time. It
provides that machinery for repair may be
imported into the United States without the
payment of duty, under bond, to be given in
double the appraised value thereof, to bo with-
drawn after said machinery shall have been
repaired ; and directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to prescribe such rules and regula-
tions as may be necessary to protect the rev-
enue against fraud, and secure the identity and
character of all such importations when again
withdrawn and exported, restricting and limit-
ing the export and withdrawal to the same
port of entry where imported, and also limit-
ing all bonds to a period of time of not more
than six months from date of the importation.
Mr. BANKS. I think that ought not to
pass.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a great deal of
machinery for manufacturing sugar and ma-
chinery of other kinds used in the West Indies
and other foreign countries where they have
no means of repairing it. It has, therefore, to
be brought back to this country or some other
country to be repaired. But that cannot be
done without paying a duty. The proposition
is, by letting it in free of duty, to permit our
mechanics to have the benefit of repairing this
machinery, which otherwise would be taken to
England or elsewhere to be repaired, and to
reexport it after the repairs are made.
Mr. ELIOT. All right.
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think it is generally
agreed all around that it is right.
Mr. PAINE. I think the object of the
Committee^ of Ways and Means is right, but
when the bill was read it did not strike me that
it would carry out the object which the gen-
tleman stated. It seemed to me that it might
cover all cases where machinery is brought
into this country to be used in repairing ma-
chinery, whether originally made inthis coun-
try or nol. I think the language is too broad.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the gentleman will
find that the bill is so guarded, and that we
have placed such restrictions in it as to guard
against any possibility of fraud. The bill is
generally asked for by the machinists of the
country who arc engaged in this work.
Mr. MILLER. 1 do not know that I have
any seiious objection to this bill, but I should
prefer that all these questions in relation to
the tariff should go over until the tariff is con-
sidered next session.
Mr. KELLBY. I hope my colleague will
make no objection to this bill. It is simply to
allow our own mechanics to repair machinery.
Mr. MILLER. I withdraw the objection.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
L1?AVB TO l'RIN'T.
Mr. JONES, of North Carolina, asked and
obtained, leave to print some remarks on the
condition of the southern States. [See Appen-
dix.]
TRADE WITH PRINCK EDWARD ISLAND.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report back
the joint resolution (II. 11. No. 322) relative to
Piiuce Edward Island with a brief report in
writing accompanied by a resolution. I a.sk
that the joint resolution be read and then the
report of the committee.
'The joint resolution was read. It proposes
to authorize and direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to admit into the several ports of the
United iStates free of duty the actual produc-
tions of P.rinee Edward Island, including fish,
accompanied by satisfactory vouchors of the
place of production, under such regulations as
he may deem necessary, whenever the colonial
Government of Prince Edward Island shall by
law provide, first, for the free admission of all
productions of the United States to the island ;
second, to admit to its ports and harbors, for
shelter, to obtain supplies, and to relit, free
of duty or impost, all American fishing ves-
sels ; third, to give license to fish in the waters
adjacent to the island upon such terms that
the license fee shall not exceed five dollars for
any one vessel, &c.
Mr. ELIOT. Is this resolution properly
before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is. The Committee
of Ways and Means have a right to report at
any time for commitment.
The Clerk read the report of the Committee
of Ways and Means, as follows:
The Committee of Ways and Moans having con-
sidered joint resolution (ft. it. iSIo. relative to
Prince Edward Inland, and notbeing able to obtain
lit ouee and with exactness all t he inloi uiatiouneeded
before it would be wise and ndvisahle, in their opin-
ion, to take any definite action on thesubject, have
concluded as a preliminaiy measure, to submit to
the House and recommend the passage of the follow-
ing :
Resolved, That a select committoo of three mem-
bers be appointed by the Speaker, to whom shall be
referred joint resolution No. '.', '2 of the House, rela-
tive to Prince Edward Island, with instructions to
inquire and report at the next session of t his Congre-s
the fullest and most roiiitble information tiiev can
obtain in regard to said colony of Prince Edward
Island, including particularly whatever can be as-
certained as to the kind and amount of imports and
exports to and from the island, and the views and
disposition as well as authority of the colonial gov-
ernment to enter into any particular or exceptional
arrangement or agreement by legislative enactment
with the United States, conceding and securing sueli
privileges asto fisheries on the count as are contem-
plated in said lesolution. 33ut no expense to tho
United States is to be incurred by said committee in
the prosecution of their inquiries.
Mr. SCHENCK. The House will observe
that the resolution which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means proposed legis-
lative action by which negotiations or tenders
for reciprocal legislation should be offered to
the colony of Prince Edward Island.
The Committee of Ways and Means report
that they do not think they have such exact and
accurate information as would justify us in
founding action upon it. The committee there-
fore recommend that the resolution be referred
to a select committee of three persons, who
shall inquire, without expense of any kind
attending their inquiry, and report at the next
session of this Congress, what are the exports
and imports of that colony, what authority it
has for legislative action, and what is the dis-
position of the people there to enter into an
arrangement of this kind. The committee
therefore recommend that action be postponed
until full and complete and exact information
can be obtained on these points.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] who introduced the resolution, thinks
that the committee might better recommend
its passage. I have agreed to give him an
opportunity to move an amendment so as to
put the resolution on its passage ; but I desiro
the House to understand that the Committee
of Ways and Means do not recommend the
passage of the resolution at this time.
Mr. butler, of Massachusetts. By leave
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Schexck,] I desire to call the
attention of the House to this subject., which
is a matter of very considerable importance.
'The difference between theaction proposed by
the committee and that which 1 desire is this:
the Committee ol Ways and Means want to put
tho matter off and have a select committee
appointed to go, at their own expense, to the
island, where there is no public conveyance,
there to make an examination for the pur-
pose of obtaining information lor this House.
There may be many patriotic gentlemen who
will volunteer to serve upon such a committee ;
but I have not happened to see any such exhi-
bition of patriotism. I do not think there is
any use in such a committee. We have a very
excellent report upon this matter by Mr. Derby
and Mr. Brega. made under the direction of
the Treasury Department.
I will state to the House, briefly, what I
desire. Edward Island is about two hundred
thousand square miles in extent, and embraces
a million acres of land under cultivation. Tho
people of that island are engaged in agricul-
ture and in fishing. They have the finest har-
bors anywhere on our coast; but we are de-
barred from going there now because the gov-
ernment of the dominion, under the treaty of
1815, prevents any of our fishing vessels going
into fliose harbors and laying there more than
twenty-four hours without confiscation. And
so great a burden is that on our fishermen that
in 1856 three hundred sail of fishermen under-
took to ride out a storm rather than go into
the harbor, and one hundred sail and almost
three hundred lives were lost.
My resolution proposes that we shall admit
the productions of this island free of duty.
The whole of the products of this island that
the}'export every where are not more than £200,-
000 in value. They export only about twenty-
five thousand dollars worth of fish of all sorts.
They also have a few potatoes, some oats, and
some barley. In return for allowing their ex-
ports to come into the country free of duty
they propose to give our fishermen the right to
enter their ports, to refit there, to victual iheir
vessels, and to dry their fish, upon the nominal
license of not exceeding five dollars a vessel.
The license now is at the rate of two dollars per
ton, or from forty to two hundred dollars per
vessel, amounting to an almost entire prohibi-
tion. This resolution provides that in case the
authorities of this island allow our fishing ves-
sels to enter their harbors for a nominal license
only, allowing them full and free use of their
harbors, and the best fishing grounds in the
world, which now they are almost wholly de-
prived of, we will allow their products to come
into our country free, ours going free into their
country. They consume from forty to fifty
thousand dollars worth of flour each year, which
would all come from the United States. Now,
my friend from the New Bedford district [Mr.
Eliot] thinks this will interfere with the inter-
ests ot his district.
Mr. ELIOT. I will state my own obiections
if 1 am allowed to do so.
Mr. BU1LER, of Massachusetts. I will
allow the gentleman to state his objections, so
far as I am concerned.
Mi. SCHENCK. I will yield to the gen-
tleman for five minutes.
air. ELIOT._ I do not believe the House
of Jtepresentatives, after the report from the
I Committee of Ways and Means that upon the
II examination they have made they do not think
■ j they possess sufficient information to justify
ij their action upon the resolution of my cci-
j: league, [Mr. Butler.] I do not believe the
II House will be willing to pass the resolution.
