1398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
you and I, as members of this Congress, derive
our power, from which the Supreme Court
derives its power. It is the great underlying
law upon which all our laws are based. Yet
gentlemen tell us that when Congress decrees
that a law is a law it must be the law, and that
without regard to the Constitution.
Mr. Speaker, I have occupied more time
than I intended. I now yield five minutes of
my time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Me.
Cary.]
*Mr. CARY. Mr. Speaker, all I am permit-
ted to say must be said in five minutes. I
appreciate the momentous responsibilities of
this hour, and hope that each man will divest
himself of all party and partisan feeling and be
governed solely by his honest convictions, in-
spired by a lofty patriotism. It becomes us to
be cool and deliberate in our judgments and
actions, for they are to constitute precedents
to be acted upon when we and our constituents
and our candidates for the Presidency have
passed away.
If I comprehend the question it is not whether
President Johnson is a traitor to the party
which placed him in power, nor whether he has
prevented the reconstruction of the southern
States, responsible for the New Orleans riots
and for the assassinations of loyal men, nor
whether he is a bad man generally and unfit to
be trusted. We do not arraign him before the
high court of impeachment on the common
counts, but for an unlawful effort to rid him-
self of a Cabinet minister, or, to state the case
strongly, for an open and deliberate violation
of the tenure-of-offlce law. The Cabinet of
the President constitute his constitutional ad-
visers, and should obviously consist of men
with whom the President can have unreserved
and confidential intercourse. To force upon
the President a Cabinet minister who is openly
and avowedly an enemy of his administration,
and one with whom the President can have no
intercourse, is manifestly so unfair and im-
proper that fair-minded men, not influenced by
a malignant partisan zeal, can or will justify it.
I must not be understood as impeaching the
ability, integrity, and patriotism of Secretary
Stanton. All these are fully established. As
a war minister, history will accord to him the
first place. I doubt whether his equal has
lived in any age. Deeply as we may regret a
rupture between the President and his minister
of war, it did occur, and it is not our present
duty to inquire who was in fault. The Senate
restored Mr. Stanton to the office from which
he had been removed by the President, and I
do not arraign that body for their action. If
at that juncture, when Mr. Stanton was vindi-
cated by the Senate, he had gracefully bowed
himself out of the President's household, he
would have had the sympathy and confidence
of the people and would have added magna-
nimity to his list of patriotic virtues. Either
upon his own motion or acting by the advice
of others, (most probably the latter,) he chose
to remain unbidden as a confidential adviser
of the President. There has been such a man-
ifest want of courtesy, such a persistent and
dogged determination to badger and bully the
President, that the people will condemn Stan-
ton and sympathize with, if they do not justify,
the President, however much they may despise
him.
In the present aspect of the case my desire
is that the Supreme Court, our highest judi-
cial tribunal, shall be invoiced to decide the
rights of the President under the Constitution
and the constitutionality of the civil-tenure bill.
If the Supreme Court shall decide that the
civil-tenure bill is constitutional, and that it
applies to the members of the Cabinet, and that
the President must have a confidential adviser
whom he never appointed and whom he docs
not want, then he must submit, or I will unite
with you in an effort to hurl him from his
position. I would vote for this resolution if
the ease could not be more properly adjudi-
cated elsewhere. We have more important
work than this. A million of men and women,
able and willing to work, are to-day without
employment, without food, and without shel-
ter in this land of boundless resources.
We cannot afford to spend these precious
days, these—to our constituents—very long
and weary days, in deranging still more every
industrial interest of the country in settling a
difficulty between the President andhis Cabi-
net minister which can be more satisfactorily
settled by a judicial tribunal which has been
organized, under our Constitution, for this very
purpose. ' These proceedings will plunge the
whole country into still deeper distress and
paralyze still more every branch of business,
and wc will be deservedly held responsible
for all the calamities which may follow. Mr.
Speaker, I fear for the safety of the Republic,
and my only hope is in the people, who are in
authority over us, and in the God of nations,
who will make the wrath of man to praise Him
and restrain the remainder of that wrath.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Haicht.]
Mr. HAIGHT then addressed the House.
[See Appendix.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] has two minutes of his
time remaining.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I yield those two minutes
to thegentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.]
Mr. NIBLACK. In the brief time allowed
me I shall not attempt to enter formally into
this debate. I can only express my regret that
in the ariangements made for the distribution
of time for the discussion of the pending reso-
lution I was not fortunate enough to obtain a
share of it. I hope, however, before this ques-
tion of impeachment is disposed of, even if
this resolution shall be adopted to-day, I shall
have an opportunity of discussing at leastsome
branches of it. No gentleman here, I trust,
appreciates its transcendent and thrilling im-
portance more than 1 do. The future pcace,
honor, and stability of the country may hinge
upon it. Everything we hold dear in our polit-
ical relations may be placed in peril by our
action to-day. I should, then, have been grat-
ified, Mr. Speaker, if the opportunity had been
afforded me to have participated in this debate,
and to have assigned some of the many rea-
sons why I am opposed, utterly opposed, to the
passage of the pending resolution and why I
shall vote against it; but I cannot go on now.
Thanking the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] for his courtesy, I shall not occupy
his time to-day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. In the moment of my
time which remains I will only say to the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] represent-
ing the Chicago district that I have no town
meetings or popular assemblies to back up my
opinions and judgment, and do not desire any.
My constituents expect me to deliberate, and
on the case presented to the House decide. I
shall cast my vote according to the dictates of
my own judgment and conscience.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Messrs. BROOMALL, VAN AUIiENT,
PLANTS, GLOSSBRENNER, MORGAN,
VAN TRUMP, STONE, HOTCHKISS,
WILLIAMS of Pennsylvania, and BURR
submitted remarks. [See Appendix.]
Mr. BENTON. I had not expected an op-
portunity of saying a word upon this question,
even in explanation of the vote which I shall
be called upon to give in this House upon this
question, which I regard as so momentous, so
far-reaching in its consequences, that it tran-
scends in importance any other question which
has been presented to the consideration of this
body since I have been a member of it.
It will be seen, by referring to the record,
that I was one of that number on this side of
the House who felt it to be their duty to cast a
vote in the negative at the time the question
was before submitted to this House whether
Andrew Johnson was so far guilty of high
crimes and misdemeanors before the Ameri-
can people that it had become the imperative
duty of the House of Representatives, acting
as the grand inquest of the American nation,
to present him before that high tribunal, the
Senate of the United States, for trial for those
offenses which he had been guilty of commit-
ting in the office of the Chief Magistrate of
the nation, before a great and mighty people,
who had wrested their Government from the
perils of war when the issue had been dis-
tinctly joined between its friends and enemies
whether this Government should be maintained
or whether it should go down in blood.
I -will not say I was not then satisfied that
he had committed high offenses and great
crimes before this nation. Nor do I believe
at all in the doctrine that it is necessary to
make out a charge against him which would
justify an indictment before our courts; I have
never entertained such an opinion of the law.
I believed then, as I believe now, that the ques-
tion was and is whether Andrew Johnson has
been guilty of such malfeasance in office, such
misuse of his authority, as the Chief Executive
of this nation, that it has become the duty
of this House to present him before the Sen-
ate of the United States in order that they
may pronounce upon his conduct, and say
whether he has so violated the Constitution
and the laws of the country that they must
pronounce judgment against him.
We all know what his acts have been since
his accession to power. He has fraternized
and struck hands with traitors whose hands and
garments are imbued in the blood of the most
patriotic people of this nation. We have seen
him turn his back upon that great party who
saved this country by crushing out the greatest
civil war the world has ever seen. We have
seen him employ the whole of the vast patron-
age of this Government to transfer the politi-
cal power not only of t.he unreconstructed
States, but of the whole country, to the con-
trol of the rebels. And can we entertain any
doubt what his intentions and purposes are
any more than we doubted before the war was
finally commenced, when the rebels were mak-
ing their arrangements, when they were gath-
ering their armies, when they were taking pos-
session of fort after fort, that their aim and
their purpose was to destroy this Government?
It was not until the fatal gun was fired upon
Fort Sumter that the national heart wasronsed,
that the spirit of the country was fired to that
pitch of patriotism and" determination that
called forth hundreds of thousands to I'ally
around the flag of their country and to save
the life of the nation. Yet did \ye entertain
any doubt of the purpose of the Rebels then?
Not at all. Neither do I now entertain any
doubt of the intention of Andrew Johnson iu
the usurpation he has exercised and in his re-
sistance to the law.
It has been claimed by the other side of the
House that we are actuated by partisan feel-
ings and partisan motives. God forbid that I
should be influenced by a partisan spirit in
passing upon this great and momentous ques-
tion ! I believe, sir, that I can lift myself above
the smoke and clouds that surround the mere
partisan into a higher atmosphere. But I ap-
peal to the House to say whether certain men
have not uniformly, through ail the gross and
wanton usurpations of Andrew Johnson, stood
by him in every act.
[Here-the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOU TWELL addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. MARSHALL obtained the floor, and
said: I yield ten minutes of my time to my
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. KERR then addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. MARSHALL then yielded to
Mr. BARNES, who made remarks 'svhich
will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. MARSHALL then addressed the House,
and was followed by Messrs. CULLOM,
STARKWEATHER, ORTH, and BRO.M-
WELL,^ whose remarks will appear in the
Appendix.
TheSPEATvER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] now rises to close the
debate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
