1'4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 3,
portion of the crop besides onefiflh has passed
trom the original holders and growers of the
crop. This being the case, if we pass an act
to take effect immediately from the date of its
passage the consequence will be, while the
Erowers, and particularly the small growers,
ave parted with their crop, and it has gone
forward and is now in the hands of the cotton
factors and brokers, they would derive no ben-
efit from the passage of such a law. They have
already parted with their interest in cotton, and
to pass a law to take effect immediately would
benefit only the large holders of cotton, who
would have a profit equal to the tax of two and
a half cents per pound. If, therefore, we pass
a law applying to the subject from the date of
its passage, it would seem to involve, as one
of its equities, that there should be refunded
to all these producers, and other parties, per-
haps, also who have paid the tax, whatever tax
they have already paid to the Government.
The committee believe that that is not only
inexpedient, but in agreatdegrse impracticable.
They believe if such a law were passed the
consequence would be that perhaps in less than
five minutes from the time it was shown to be
the determination of Congress there would be
flashed over the wires in all directions to agents
at the South instructions to pass all over the
cotton region and buy of the small growers,
including many freedmen and others knowing
little of their rights or of the legislation of the
country, at five, ten, fifteen, or twenty dollars,
every claim for the tax to be refunded. That
would be worse, perhaps, in one of its aspects
than the bounty granted to the soldiers, so much
of which stops in the hands of claim agents
instead of reaching the meritorious soldier him-
self.
But without expanding the argqpient upon
this subject, or stating the reasons which oper-
ated on the minds of the committee, I have
but to repeat that they consider it inexpedient
and impracticable to order the refunding by
law of the five or six millions or more already
paid into the Treasury. If we do not wish,
therefore, to legislate to the advantage of the
cottop brokers, factors, and those who are spec-
ulating in this article, it seems to me that
although it may operate hardly on those
engaged in producing the present crop of cot-
ton there is no way of avoiding that conse-
quence except by making our legislation pros-
pective. hile we do not by this give exactly
the relief, or to the full extent, which is expected
or desired by those who seek to repeal the
tax, whether growers or holders, we knock off
the shackles, take away the burden which has
afflicted this interest, and set out free here-
after, so that arrangements can be made, cap-
ital advanced, and everything else done that
shall look to the production of the article in
future years.
And the truth is, there is reason for looking
upon this as a great burden, because cotton in
the United States is not produced in such great
quantity compared to that which comes from
all other parts of the world, as to control the
market of the world. Putting on or taking off
a tax of two and a half cents in the United
States has been found to affect the grower,
the holder, and the trader in the article here,
without materially affecting the price of the
article in the market at Liverpool. Cotton is
not king in this country now, as once it used
to be. It can scarcely aspire to be considered
as one of the royal family. Liverpool controls
the market of the United States, instead of
being controlled by it. The cotton brought
from India particularly, and to some small
extent from other quarters of the world, seems
to dam up the channels of commerce there, so
that the effect flows back upon the United
States instead of the foreign market being
affected by the product here. Cotton being
low in price, therefore, at the place where it is
grown, little, if at all, exceeding ten cents per
pound, the consequence is two and a half
cents is entirely too heavy a tax, if we impose
any at all.
But when I was speaking of the reason for I
the imposition of the tax formerly I might have
adverted to the then large, and, in some sense,
fictitious price of cotton which enabled the
grower to bear a burden of this kind which he
is unable to do now.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS. In the main I perfectly con-
cur in the remarks of the chairman of the com-
mittee ; that is, I insist upon our retracing our
steps, because this matter of the taxation of
cotton to the extent of £23,000,000 per annum
is a bounty to that extent for the products
of Great Britain in her India possessions and
the products of Egypt and Brazil. Indeed, the
percentage or premium which we give to the
foreign cotton by our tax is computed by the
Treasury agent, Mr. Wells, to be over fifty per
cent., while by cotton brokers and commercial
men it is computed to amount to seventy-five
per cent. Hence, admitting this tax to have
been a mistake, in which all agree, the only
difference is when we shall correct the mistake.
In regard to that I differ from the honorable
chairman of the committee.
Now is the accepted time, and now is the
day, in my opinion, while in the opinion of the
majority of the committee this doing right is to
be postponed till the crop of another year, and
there is to be a continuance of this wrong for
a year from now. Hence I propose as a sub-
stitute for the bill reported by the committee
what I send to the desk.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
in lien thereof the following:
That on and after the passage of this act tho inter-
nal revenue tax of two and a half cents per pound
on raw cotton shall be abolished.
And be it further enacted. That no American man-
ufactured cotton goods shall be entitled to the benefit
of existing drawbacks unless shipped within ninety
days after the passage of this act. t
Mr. BROOKS. I propose to put the repeal
into operation on and after the passage of this
act, and do away with all drawbacks for cot-
ton that has passed out of the hands of the
planters. The whole saving of the duty under
this substitute goes for the benefitof the holders
of the cotton or the planters. It is animme- I
diate repeal, except on that which has passed !
into the hands of the traders and speculators. !
Now, I have the authority for this bill of our
very intelligent Commissioner of Internal Rev- :
enue, Mr. Wells. He says in his report: I
" The cotton tax was a temporary measure: it
ought to be repealed at the earliest moment."
He says again : The tax on cotton should no
longer be adhered to and he gives the rea-
sons. He says that owing to the recent com-
pletion of many hundred miles of railroads in
India the world's supply of cotton has been
greatly increased, and therefore he urges a
prompt removal of the existing duty. That is
the authority of that very intelligent officer of
the revenue.
In addition to this, let me say that the pres-
ent condition of the southern country, affect-
ing not alone the white population, but the
negro population also, is such that this relief
would be a matter of the greatest moment to
both classes of the people, black and white.
It is not true, strictly and technically true, that
when a crop of-cotton passes from the hands
of the planter or workmen it immediately goes
into the hands of the purchaser; for much of
the crop is sold under mortgage, and the price
of the cotton often depends on the price which
the factor or commission merchant receives,
and who settles with the producer.
No inconsiderable portion of the southern
crop has been produced by negroes on shares.
They receive a certain proportion of the cotton
produced, and this reduction of tax is not alone
for the benefit of the white man, but also for
that of the negro, who has become an actual
producer of cotton, not only for himself, but a
producer on shares with his employer.
I think, therefore, that we may divest our-
selves of all prejudice in discussing this ques-
tion, and look equally to the interests of the
whites and the blacks ; and in so doing I might
cite a mass of testimony which I have here, but
which it is impossible for me to cite in ten min-
utes, to show that the condition of the cotton-
growers of the southern country, both white
and black, is now deplorable. All their calcu-
lations upon the value of cotton have been mis-
placed. They had no doubt that they were to
receive twenty cents per pound for their cotton,
while they are now receiving but ten and eleven
cents. They have given enormous prices for
bacon, and enormous prices for all the imple-
ments which are necessary to raise a crop of
cotton, and they now find all their calculations
misplaced. I hold in my hand one letter as a
specimen, written to me from Georgia. The
writer says:
"I do not write in behalf of any but the planters,
all of whom planted with the expectation of realiz-
ing twenty cents for their cotton, and who gave their
hands high wages and bought supplies at the most
extravagant prices, paying tweniy-five cents for bacon
per pound, and 82 25 per bushel for corn, which from
theirimpoverisheil condition had to be bought on time,
with tho most exorbitant interest charged on such
advances, (two and a half per cent, per month;) and
as security for such advances the planter was com-
pelled to give liens on his growing crop, and mort-
gages besides on all his real and personal estate. So
you oan imagine from thegreat decline in cotton what
must be the terrible condition of the southern coun-
try; and as cotton is now worth from ten to thirteen
cents with tho tax paid you will readily see of what
vitality it is to a great agricultural people that they
should not be compelled to render up one fourth, one
fifth, or one sixth of their year's laoor—their bread
and meat—in the tax of two and a half cents per
pound."
I have not time to read further, but he goes
on to show that it is as much for the interest of
northern manufacturers of cotton, woolen, and
iron goods of all kinds, of northern raisers of
mules, of northern producers of hogs, and of
all these products which are sold by the West
into the southern country—that it is as much
for the interest of northern and western men
to sustain and encourage the market in the
southern States as it is for the people of the
South to have this relief.
And one great cause of the depression now
existing in northern manufactures and in
northern and western trade is the deplorable
condition of the whole southern country. Un-
less it is relieved by some such means as this
they will find it utterly impossible to obtain the
means of carrying on the next crop, of buying
from the West the raw material or labor, or of
buying from the North the manufactures which
they need. It is for the interest of all sections
of the country, of the North and West as well
as of the South, not to defer doing what we all
admit to be right; but to do it at this hour and
at this moment.
There will be no refunding under my prop-
osition. The bill will take effect only when it
shall have passed Congress. There is no retro-
active step; there is no looking backward. But
there will be an admonition to the planters of
the South to hold on to their cotton, and not
sell it until they can receive the benefits of this
act.
Now, I implore the House, in behalf of that
great body of people who have no representa-
tives on this floor to speak for themselves, and
who are therefore the more entitled to the con-
siderations of this House, however we may
disagree with them as to other matters—I
implore the House to extend to them the relief
which suffering humanity of all classes require,
which it is for our interest to give, which
will redound to our profit, and which will be
for the common good of all our country. I
conjure the House, in behalf of the great inter-
est in cotton, which has no protection against
the rivalry on the other side of the ocean, in
Egypt, and in India, to extend a helping hand
to it; and if it cannot be made a king in this
country, at least it can be made that wonder-
ful article of export by which our ships of
the North have been laden, oui  commerce
has been increased, and our merchants have
hitherto been vastly enriched.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COVODE. I regret to see that the
arguments on this cotton question appear td
be all on one side. I had not intended to say
one word on this subject; but when I perceive
that the only difference between members is
whether the tax on cotton shall be taken off
