THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Stanton under its protection, and lie went on
upon that opinion, he cannot be found guilty.
The honorable Manager, [Mr. Botttwell,] at
page_839, takes up this question and disposes
of it in this very peculiar manner:
" If a law"—
I ask your attention to this :
" If a law passed by Congress be equivocal or am-
bisruousin its terms the Executive, being called upon
to administer it, may apply lus own best judgment to
the difficulties before him, or he may seek counsel of
his advisers or other persons; and acting thereupon
without evil intent or purpose ho would be fully
justified''—
We never contended for anything stronger
than that—
"he would be fully justified, and upon 110 principle
ol right could he be hold to answer, as for amisde-
meanor 111 oilice."
Logic is a good thing, an excellent thing; it
operates upon the mind without altogether
yielding to the bias of feeling; and as we press
an argument, however narrow it may be, if it be
logical, the honorable Managers seem obliged
to bend to it, and in both cases have thrown
away their accusation. Tell me what more do
we need than this, an ambiguous and equivocal
law which the President was called on to act
under, and might, as we tried to prove, u seek
counsel from his official advisers or oth er proper
persons, and acting thereupon without evil
iutent or purpose he would be fully justified,
and upon 110 principle of light could he be held
to answer as for a misdemeanor in oilice?'"
And what is the answer which the honorable
Managers make to this logical proposition?
Why, that this act is not of that sort; it is as
plain as the nose 011 a man's lace, and it was
nothing but violent resistance of light that led
anybody outside of this Senate to doubt what
it meant 1 The honorable Manager who follows
me [Mr. Bingham] will have an opportunity to
correct me in my statements of their proposi-
tions, and to furnibh an adequate answer, i
doubt not, to the views 1 have had the honor
now to present.
And now take the act itself, which is found
at page 4o0 of the edition ot the statutes 1 have
before me. it is provided—
"That every person holding any civil office to
whicn lie lias been appointed by and with Lhe advice
and consent ol' the Senate, and eveiy person who
shall hereutter be appointed to any such oilice, and
shall become duty qualified to net t herein, is and shall
be entitled to hold auch ollieo until a. successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duly qual-
ified, except as herein otherwise provided.''
Then the " provision otherwise" is:
"Provided, That the Secretaries of State, of the
Treasury, of War, of the JNav\, and of Uie Interior,
the Postmaster Uoneial, and the AttoineyUcnei.il,
shall hold their cilices 1 e.-peetively lor and during the
teini ol the Pi evident by whom they may have been
appointed, and lor one month theieaiter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent ol the
Senate."
That is tlie operative section of this act of
erecting and limiting the new arrangement of
offices. The section of incrimination, so far
as it relates to removal, I will read, omitting
all that relates to any other matter ; the sixth
section:
"That every removal" >■ ■* *>■ "con-
trary to the provisions of this act'' * * '
"shall bo deemed, aud is hereby declared to be, a high
mic'deuieanor"—
I alter the plural to singular—
"And upon trial and convict ion thereof, every per-
son guilty theicof shall be punished by a iine not
exceedingSlU.UiK), 01 byuuinisoument not exceeding
fiveyeais. 01 Uoth said panishments, in the discretion
of the court."
You will observe that this act does not affix
a penalty to anything but a "removal,'' an
accomplished removal. Acts of a penal na-
ture are to be construed strictly; and yet when-
ever we ask that necessary protection of the
liberty and of the property aud of the life of a I
citizen of the United States tinder a penal i
statute, we are told that we are doing some- j
thing very extraordinary for a lawyer in be- I
half of his client. All principles, it seems, i
are to be changed when you have a President j
for a defendant; all the law retires, and will
and object and politics assume their complete i
predominance aud sivay, and everything of I
law, of evidence, and of justice is narrow and
not enlarged. That may be. All I can say
is that if the President had been indicted under
this act, or should hereafter be indicted under
this act, then the law of the land would apply
to his case as usually administered, and if he
has not removed Mr. Stanton he cannot be
punished for having done it. You might have
punished an attempt to remove. See what
you have done in regard to appointments:
"Every appointment or employment, made, had,
or exercised, contrary to the provisions of this act,
andtho making, signing, sealing, countersigning, or
issuing of any commission or letter of authority for,
or in respect to any such appointment or employ-
ment, shall bo deemed, and is hereby declared to be,
a high misdemeanor."
There you have made not only an appoint-
ment, but an attempt on movement of the pen
toward an appointment a crime, and you will
punish it, I suppose, some day or other. But
removal stands on act and fact. Now, what
does the article charge in this behalf, for I
believe as yet it has not been claimed that it
is too narrow to insist that the crime as charged
in the article shall be the one you are to try.
"Removal" is not charged in the articles any-
where ; the allegation is that Andrew Johnson
did unlawfully and in violation of the Consti-
tution " issue an order in writing for the re-
moval of Edwin M. Stanton, with intent to
violate" the civil-tenure act, and "with intent
to remove him, the Senate being in session."
If you had had a section of this statute that
said "any removal, or the signing of any letter,
or order, or paper, or mandate of removal,
shall be a crime,'' then you would have had
an indictment and a crime before you ; but
you have neither crime nor indictment as ap-
pears from this first article. And yet it may
be said that in so small a matter as the ques-
tion of the removal of a President it does not
do to insist upon the usual rules of construc-
tion of a criminal law. I understand the prop-
osition to he this: that here is a criminal law
which has been violated ; that by the law of
the land it has been violated, so that indict-
ment could inculpate, verdict would find guilt,
and sentence would follow at law : and that
thereupon, upon that predicament of guilti-
ness, the President of the United States is ex-
posed to this peculiar proecss of impeach-
ment ; and if I show that your law does not
make punishable an attempt to remove or a
letter of removal, and that your article does
not charge a removal, and that is good at law,
then it is good against impeachment, or else
you must come back to the proposition that
you do not need a legal crime.
So much for the law. What is the true atti-
tude of Mr. Stanton and of the President of
the United States toward this office and this
officer at the time of the alleged infraction of
the law? Mr. Stanton held a perfectly good
title to that office by the commission of a Presi-
dent of the United States to hold it. accord-
ing to the terms of the commission, "during
the pleasure of the President for the time
being." That is the language of the commis-
sion. He held a good title to the office. A
i quo warranto moved against him while he held
i that commission unrevoked, unannulled, and
' undetermined would have been answered by the
pioduction of the commission, "1 hold this
oilice during the pleasu re of the. President of ihe
United States for tlietime being, and I have not
been removed by the President of the United
States." That was the only title he held up to
j the passage ol" the civil-tenure act. By the pas-
sage of the civil-tenure act it is said that a stat-
utory title was vested in him not proceeding from ;
the executive power of the United States at
all, not commissioned by the Executive of the !
United States at ail. not to he found, ascer-
tained, or delegated by the Executive of the I
United States at all, but a statutory title super- I
added to his title from the executive authority j
which he held during pleasure, which gave i
him a durable office determinable only one !
month alter the expiration of some term of
years or other.
We are not now discussing the question
whether he is within it or not. That being so,
the first question to which I ask your attention
is this, that the act is wholly unconstitutional
and inoperative in conferring upon Mr. Stan-
ton or anybody else a durable office to which
he has never been appointed. Appointment
to all office proceeds from the President of
the United States, or .such heads of Depart-
ment or such courts of law as your Legislature
may repose it in. You cannot administer ap-
pointment to office yourselves, for what the
Constitution requires the President to have
control of you cannot confer anywhere else.
The appointment of Secretary of War is one
which cannot be taken from the President and
conferred upon the courts of law or the heads
of Department. Whatever may be the action
of Congress limiting or contriving the office, as
you please, the office itself is conferable only
by the action of the Executive. And when
Mr. Stanton holds or anybody else holds an
office during pleasure, which he has received
by commission and authority of the President
of the United States, a sufficient title to, you
can no more confer upon him by your author-
ity and appointment a title durable and in invi-
twn as against the President of the United
States, you can 110 more confer it upon him
because he happens to be holding an office
during pleasure, than you could if he was out
of office altogether. 1 challenge contradiction
from the lawyers who oppose us and from the
judgment of honorable and intelligent lawyers
here. Where are you going to carry this doe-
trine of legislative appointment to office if you
can carry it to find a man who the President
has never asked to hold an office except from
day to day and can enact him into a durable
office for life ? You may determine tenures
if you please; Iain not now discussing that;
you may determine tenures for life; but you
cannot enact people into tenures for life. The
President must appoint; and his discretion
and his judgment in appointing to an office for
life are very different from his discretion and
his judgment in appointing to an office during
his pleasure, which he can change atwill. Now
you will sweep all the offices of the country
not only into the Senate but into Congress if
you adopt this principle of enacting people
into office ; and if, upon the peg that there is
an office at sufferance or at will, you can con-
vert it in favor of the holder by an act of Con-
gress into an estate for life or for years, you
will appoint to office ;. and of that there can
he no doubt.
The next question, and the only question,
of constitutionality or construction (for the
general question of the constitutional power to
restrict appointments I shall not further trouble
the Senate with) is, whether the Secretary of
War is within the first section. The office of the
Secretary of War is within the first section un-
doubtedly. The question, therefore, is whether
the provisions concerning the office of Secre-
tary of War applicable to that office are in
their terms, giving them full course and effect,
such as to hold Mr. Stanton in that office against
the will of the President by the statutory term
that is applicable to that office, and is or is not
applied to him.
The argument that if Mr. Stanton is no
within the proviso then he is within the body
of the section stumbles over this transparent
and very obvious, as we suppose, fallacy : the
question of the law is whether the office of
Secretary of War is within the proviso or not.
You have not made a law about Mr. Stanton
by name. The question, then, whether he is
within one or the other terms of the alterna-
tive, is whether the office of Secretary of War
is within the section or within the proviso ; and
will anybody doubt about that? It is on the
same footing with the other Secretaryships ; it
is on the same footing as an office with every
other Department. The question whether the
office of Mr. Stanton or the office of Mr. Brown-
ing is within one or the other alternative of
the section is not a question of construction
of law, but a question of whether the facts of
the tenure and holding of the actual incura-
