1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1399
to know whether I have an hour to close the
debate under the rules?
'Die SPEAKER. By unanimous consent of
the House, speeches, after a time fixed by the
House, were limited to half an hour, and that
included all speeches. There was no reservation.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the time be
extended so as to allow the chairman of the
committee his full hour.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object, if it requires
unanimous consent.
_ Mr. BINGHAM. Then I move a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
move to extend the whole debate I will be
very glad, but I cannot consent that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania alone shall have the
right.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a question of order. I
understand that under the order of the House,
to-morrow is the day on which the rules can
be suspended and not to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Chair will state that the
gentleman from Wisconsin drew the attention
of the Chair to thelanguageof the order in the
Globe, and he finds that to-morrow the House is
authorized to suspend the rules in addition to
their power to suspend the rules to-day. The
Chair was of the same opinion until the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldiudge] called
his attention to the exact words of the order
ot' the House as printed in the Globe.
Mr. BROOMALL. I rise to another ques-
tion of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BROOMALL. I wish to inquire whether
or not the power to move to suspend the rules
is not limited to after the morning hour 011
Monday? Now we have had no morning hour
to-day.
The SPEAKER. The power to suspend
the rules has been, by the rules, limited to
Monday. The rules cannot be suspended dur-
ing the morning hour on Monday, because by
the rules of the House the Chair cannot enter-
tain the motion or ask for unanimous consent
during the business of the morning hour. It
is for that reason that the rules are never sus-
pended during the morning hour.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to ask a parliament-
ary question of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
a parliamentary question, but will rule upon
all points of order that may be raised. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] has moved
to suspend the rules for the purpose of giving
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] one hour instead of half an hour to close
the debate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not amendable.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I hope the gentle-
man will modify his motion so that the time
for debate may be generally extended.
Mr. BI.NGHAM. I cannot modify my mo-
tion in that way.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Bingham that the rules be suspended; and
being taken, there were—ayes twenty-two,
noes not counted.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BINGHAM called for tellers on the
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is
not now in order, because the House, by unani-
mous consent, has ordered that the vote on
the pending resolution be taken to-day at five
o'clock p. m.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw the motion to
suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] is now entitled to the
floor for half an hour to close the debate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the Chair
to state that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] was entitled to the floor for
half an hour. Has not the House ordered that
the vote shall be taken at precisely five o'clock
this afternoon ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman makes
the point of order, the Chair will rule that the
vote must bo taken at five o'clock. But the
Chair will state that heretofore, whenever any
gentleman on either side of the House has
been called to order, the Chair has not deducted
the time so consumed from the regular time
allowed him. As the point of order has been
raised by the gentleman from Wisconsin, the
Chair will rule upon it, and now states that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
is entitled to twenty-five minutes to close the
debate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now
yield three minutes of my time to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Washburxe.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am in-
debted to the courte.sy of my distinguished
and venerable friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] for permission to finish the few re-
marks I intended to make, when I was inter-
rupted by the close of Saturday's debate.
[Mr. Wasiiburne resumed and concluded
his remarks, as published elsewhere.]
Mr. STEVENS, _ of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I agree with those gentlemen who
have gone before me that this is a grave sub-
ject and should be gravely treated. It is im-
portant to the high official who is the subject
of these charges, and it is important to a na-
tion of forty million people, now free, and
rapidly increasing to hundreds of millions.
The official character of the Chief Executive
of this great nation being thus involved, the
charge, if falsely made, is a cruel wrong; if,
on the other hand, the usurpations and misde-
meanors charged against him are true he is
guilty of as atrocious attempts to usurp the
liberty and destroy the happiness of this nation
as were ever perpetrated by the most detest-
able tyrant who ever oppressed his fellow-men.
Let us, therefore, discuss these questions in no
partisan spirit, but with legal accuracy and
impartial justice. The people desire no vic-
tim and they will endure no usurper.
The charges, so far as I shall discuss them,
are few and distinct. Andrew Johnson is
charged with attempting to usurp the powers
of other branches of the Government; with
attempting to obstruct and resist the execu-
tion of the law; with misprision of bribery;
and with the open violation of laws which de-
clare his acts misdemeanors and subject him
to fine and imprisonment; and with removing
from office the Secretary of War during the
session of the Senate without the advice or
consent of the Senate ; and with violating the
sixth section of the act entitled "An act regu-
lating the tenure of certain civil offices."
There are other offenses charged in the papers
referred to the committee, which I may con-
sider more by themselves.
In order to sustain impeachment under our
Constitution I do not hold that it is necessary
to prove a crime as an indictable offense, or
any act malum, in se. I agree with the distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania, 011 the
other side of the House, who holds this to be
a purely political proceeding. It is intended
as a remedy for malfeasance in office and to
prevent the continuance thereof. Beyond that,
it is not intended as a personal punishment
for past offenses or for future example.
Impeachment under our Constitution is very
different from impeachment under the Eng-
lish law. The framers of our Constitution did
not rely for safety upon the avenging dagger
of a Brutus, but provided peaceful remedies
which should prevent that necessity. England
had two systems of jurisprudence; one for the
trial and punishment of common offenders, and
one for the trial of men in higher stations,
whom it was found difficult to convict before
the ordinary tribunals. This latter proceed-
ing was by impeachment or by bills of attain-
der, generally practiced to punish official male-
factors, but the system soon degenerated into
political and personal persecution, and men
were tried, condemned, and executed by this
court from malignant motives. Such was the
condition of the English laws when our Con-
stitution was framed; and the Convention
determined to provide against the abuse of that
high power, so that revenge and punishment
should not be inflicted upon political or per-
sonal enemies. Here the whole punishment
was made to consist in removal from office,
and bills of attainder where wholly prohibited.
We are to treat this question, then, as wholly
political, in which, if an officer of the Govern-
ment abuse his trust or attempt to pervert it
to improper purposes, whatever might be his
motives, he becomes subject to impeachment
and removal from office. The offense being
indictable does not prevent impeachment, but
is not necessary to sustain it. (See Story's
Commentaries, Curtis on the Constitution, Ma-
dison, arid others.) Such is the opinion of
our elementary writers, nor can any case of
impeachment tried in this country be found
where any attempt was made to prove the
offense criminal and indictable.
What, then, arc the official misdemeanors of
Andrew Johnson disclosed by theevidence? On
the 2d day of March, 1867, Congress passed an
act entitled "An act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices." Among other provisions
it enacted that no officer who had been ap-
pointed by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate should be removed from office
without the consent of the Senate, and that, if
during vacation a suspension should be made
for cause, such cause should be reported to the
Senate within twenty days after their next meet-
ing. If the Senate should deem the reason of
the suspension sufficient, then the officer should
be removed and another appointed in his
stead; but if the Senate should refuse to con-
cur with the President, and declare the reasons
insufficient, then the officer suspended should
forthwith resume the functions of his office and
the powers of the person performing its duties
should cease. It is especially provided that
the Secretary of War shall hold his office dur-
ing the term of the President by whom he may
have been appointed, and for one month there-
after unless removed by and with the consent
of the Senate as aforesaid. On the 12th day
of August, 1867, during the recess of the Sen-
ate, the President removed the Secretary of
War, whose term of office had not expired,
requiring him to surrender the office with the
public property, and appointed General U. S.
Grant Secretary of War ad interim.
When Andrew Johnson assumed the office
of President he took the oath to obey the Con-
stitution of the United States and to take care
that the laws be faithfully executed. This was
a solemn and enduring obligation, nor can he
plead exemption from it on account of his con-
dition at the time it was administered to him.
An attempt to obstruct the execution of the
law, not a mere omission amounting to negli-
gence which would have been a misdemeanor,
but a daring and bold conspiracy, was attempted
by him to induce the General of the Army to
aid him in defeating the operation of this law;
and when he had suspended the Secretary'of
War he appointed Genei'al Grant Secretary ad
interim, with the avowed purpose of preventing
the operation of that law, if the Senate should
decide in favor of the Secretary; and hesays
that the General did enter into such conspiracy
to aid him in obstructing the return of the re-
jected Secretary notwithstanding the Senate
might decide in his favor. This is denied by
the General, and a question of veracity, rather
angrily discussed, has arisen between them.
Those gentlemen seem to consider that that
question is one of importance to the public. In
this they are mistaken. Which is the man of
truth and which the man of falsehood is of no
