2424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May
tiou wa,s adopted. Jf ifc tie iu order I will raove
to -amend the instructions proposed by the gen-
tleman from Illinois by adding that the com-
mittee be,instructed to^ma^e the addition to
the bo&rd. of two persons well skilled in the
coiistructiQn and management of railroads. I
do it for, the puypQse of testing the sense of the
House ou fthis subject.
. $ith,.regard, to the merits of the matter
generally ! can only-say in the very few minutes
that ,1 ha^e that it appears to me that on the
whole it will better meet the interest of the
public, and that the matter will be more thor-
oughly investigated, if it is committed to a board
of live persons—two of them being such as I
have named—than it would be likely to be by the
two Houses of Congress with the immense de-
tails which are constantly pressing upon them.
After all, we would have to act through a
committee who would necessarily be burdened
with many other matters, and who could not
look into this subject with that thoroughness
which the details attendant upon it necessarily
require. I am in favor, therefore, of the prin-
ciple involved in the original resolution.
.Now, there is one other subject on which I
have just time to say a word, and that is the
question as to the standard to be adopted—
whether we should adopt any or not, and as to
the time when it should take effect.
Now, this standard named in the resolution,
it will be seen, is a very imperfect, shifting, and
uncertain one. It says double the rates of
fares on roads east of the Mississippi above a
certain latitude, liuttliose rates are constantly
changing, They arc different on different
roads. You cannot tell what they are. And
it is a question in my mind whether any com-
mission constituted in this way, with a maxi-
mum fixed, would not always lean to the extent
of that maximum, and whether it is not better
for us to leave the question open entirely, sub-
ject to the provision of the eighteenth section
of the original charter, by which the profits are
limited to ten per cent, on the amount of the
cost of the road. It seems to me unfair to
this company that before their road is com-
pleted, before it is known what it can accom-
plish, and what it can really earn, we should
undertake to interfere with the tariff of fares
and freights that they have established, so long
as it cannot be shown that they come within
the eighteenth section ofthe original act, which
limits their net earnings to ten per cent. If
it should appear on investigation by a com-
mittee of this House that they are already ex-
ceeding that limit, it would be right and within
the power of Congress certainly to interfere.
But until that time comes it seems to me that
it is very unfair for us to step in and assume
that a thing has happened which we really
know nothing about, or, at any rate, that the
information is not sufficient to enable us to
judge with that certainty with which we should
judge when we interfere with the earnings of
a corporation of this kind.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to state to the
gentleman and to. the House that so far as
California is concerned, so far as internal
commerce over this road is concerned, the
road is already built.
California granted large subsidies; all of her
commercial cities that were to be benefited by
the road contributed largely; the Legislature
voted appropriations for this Central Pacific
road, and it is_ built square across the State of
California. Yvre ask protection now. \Y e have
done our part, paid our money, and the road
is now performing service for us. Why should
we wait two, three, five, six, eight, or ten years
before we receive any relief from the legislative
body having the matter under its control ?
Mr. PRUYN. I must resume the floor un-
less the gentleman from Iowa will allow me
further time. I will simply say that, as I un-
derstand it, the California road is by no means
completed. It is completed across the State
of California, but they intend to run it to Great
Salt Lake City, some six or eight hundred miles
further.
Mr. PEICE. I yield now to my colleague
on the committee, from Minnesota, [Mr. Don-.
* "ir!' DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, I deem
it proper to say to the House that I have no
interest whatever in the Union Pacific railroad
or any of its branches ; that a distance of many
hundred miles intervenes between my residence
and the road; that I am not subject., therefore,
to the local influences which in some districts
will control this question, and that I am, there-
fore, I think, prepared to look at it in an im-
partial light. As a member of the Committee
on the Pacific llailroad my attention has neces-
sarily been compelled to this subject.
With much that has been said here in refer-
ence to the grasping and evil tendencies of
corporations and the necessity for cheap trans-
portation I thoroughly coincide. Corporations,
Mr. Speaker, have not only, according to the
old maxim, no souls, but they have, as a gen-
eral thing, but few votes; and perhaps we
should all of us increase our personal popu-
larity if we were to provide that this road
should carry freight and passengers free of all
charge whatever. But, sir, we cannot enter
this region without entering at the same time
the domain of established law and trenching
upon the vested rights of individuals and cor-
porations.
Now. I shall send to the Clerk's desk, and
ask to have read, the first portion of the
eighteenth section of the original act of 1802,
upon which this legislation is proposed to be
based. The Clerk will read the part I have
marked.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Sko. 18. And be it further enacted. That whenever
it appears that the net earnings ofthe entiro road
iiiul .telegraph, including the amount allowed for
services rendered for theUnitedSlates.aftcrdeduct-
lng all expenditures, including repairs and tho fur-
nishing, running, and managing of said road, shall
exceed ten per cent, upon its eost, exclusive of the
live per cent, to be paid to tho United States, Con-
gress may reduce the rates of fare thereon, if unrea-
sonable in amount, and may fix and establish the
same by law.''
Mr. DONNELLY. It will be apparent, from
theperusal of this section, that Congress clearly
intended, when it made this grant in 186'2,
that we should not meddle with this subject
of the tariff of freights and travel until "the
entire road" was constructed. And there was
a good and sufficient reason for this. Con-
gress remembered that this road, during the
greater portion of its course, during almost
its entire course, would run through an almost
uninhabitable region, a region of cactus and
sand-plains, where cultivation is possible only
by means of irrigation ; a region without pro-
ductions and without population ; and hence
it was provided that the road should not be
interfered with until it was entirely constructed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DONNELLY. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is not the gentleman aware
that the law to which he has referred provides
that this road shall be built and paid for in
sections of a few miles each? The road is
completed for ten miles when ten miles are
built; that is so stated in the law.
Mr. DONNELLY. I do not see how that
touches the question. The provision I have
had read is clear that we cannot touch that
question of the tariff of freights and charges for
transportation of passengers until " the entire
road and line of telegraph is completed," and
it is proved that it is yielding fifteen per cenv.
upon its entire capital; that is to say, ten per
cent, over and above the five per cent, which
goes to the United States.
Now, sir, we have not yet reached thatpoint
of time. There have been seven hundred miles
of this road constructed in a period of six years
since the passage of the act. There is still
very nearly one thousand miles of the road to
be built. Yet we are here asked to legislate
in direct contradiction to the terms of that act
or to pass this resolution, with a proviso such
as the committee have appended to it, that it
shall not take effect until the road is com-
pleted and fully constructed; which cannot
be, I take it, in less than three or four years
from the present time.
I agree with my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Faksswoeth] that it is very improper for Con-
gress to take this great power out ofits own hands
and vest it in the hands of any three men. If
this Pacific railroad is to become, as isalleged
here, a political power, you would by the pas-
sage of this joint resolution force it into the
task of creating Cabinets for the purpose of
reaching and controlling this subject. And you
do it in anticipation ofthe time when in good
faith you could properly have any power to act
upon it.
It is true the bill of 1862 provides that Con-
gress may alter or amend the act. But it pro-
vides so iu these words :
" Congress may at any time, having due regard for
the rights of said companies named herein, alter or
amend this act."
And certainly those who have invested their
money in the construction of that road, upon
a table of profits, and upon their face in an
act of Congress which declared that the tariff
of charges should not be interfered with until
the road was constructed and it became ap-
parent that the road yielded a certain specified
profit—those men could certainly complain of
bad faith on the part of this Government if it
stepped in and interfered with their investment
and swept away the very foundation on which
their investments were made.
We are not acting in this matter as indifferent
parties. We have lent these companies our
bonds; we are interested that they shall suc-
ceed. If we destroy them we destroy their
capacity to repay us the loan advanced them.
If, by our legislation, we now endanger the
whole fabric of their credit and strike them
down and prevent the construction of the inter-
vening one thousand miles of railroad yet to
be built we are imperiling the very bonds we
have advanced to them, and we will be doing
it in the presence of that declaration which I
have had read at the Clerk's desk, and which
most assuredly said to the capitalists of the
world that they should not be disturbed until
the road was finished, and then disturbed only
when it was proved that the road yielded a
profit of fifteen per cent, on the capital in-
vested. We have no data here as to that point.
There have been no proofs furnished here that
the road yields any such percentage as that.
We are legislating in the dark; we are legis-
lating in direct contradiction of the terms of
the law, and legislating to meet a contingency
which may not arise for five years to come".
If we have the right to fix this tariff in the face
of that provision of law, then I approve the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
I aun's worth,] that the whole subject be re-
ferred back to the Committee on the Pacific
llailroad with instructions to frame such a
tariff. I cannot see the propriety of this Con-
gress" farming out" this great work to any
set of pen. If we cannot trust ourselves; if
these imputations which are made upon this
floor against the honesty of our motives have
any foundation in fact; if we cannot trust our
own honesty, what assurance have we thnt we
can trust the honesty of any Cabinet, of any
party, acting under any President ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRICE. I yield to the gentleman from
California [Mr. Higby] fifteen minutes.
k ^ X* ' Speaker, I do not know
but that there is some reason to complain that
too high prices are being charged for carrvinsr
passengers and freight on the Pacific railroad.
1 will say, however, right here, that I have no
taith whatever m tne method of legislation on
this subject that has been attempted bv this
House. It was for this reason that I wis de-
sirous m the first instance to have this meas-
ure referred to the committee ; and f wish to
say here that the committee took action upon,
it when I was not present. I was not able
of thpPrS -f took no Part in the action
L % !"'illttee,uPon the bi!* sported to-
[i/fL-tW ; aBy leSls,la;ion ^ to be had in this
line-that is, any such legislation as that pro-
