1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4473*
was a question of privilege. The Chair stated
to him each time that he could not interrupt
other business then pending for that purpose.
The gentleman has not yet. sought the floor when
no other business wss pending, as is now the
case.
impeachment op the president.
Mr. HAMILTON. I now rise to a question
'of privilege, and present the preamble and reso-
lutions which I send to the Clerk's desk to be
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas Andrew Johnson,President.of the United
States, in violation of his oath of otHce. has put m
jeopardy the Constitution of the United States, by
en using to bo tinned over to tho possession and con-
trol ot the disloyal inhabitants of the States whose
late rebellion subveited t heir legal Kovernments the
ten States lately in insurrection, and has obstructed,
the restoration of the Union by combining and coop-
erating with said disloyal inhabitants to establish
therein governments not " republican in form ; "
And whereas Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, in disregard of his constitutional oach
" to take care that the laws be faithfully executed,"
has refused and failed so to execute the laws of the
United States known as the reconstruction acts, and
provide for their reconstruction and restoration to
the Union ; and, perverting his high office of Presi-
dent of tho United Spates to partisan purposes, still
refuses to execute said laws, and officially denounces
thetn as "unconstitutional, revolutionary, and void/'
and declares the State governments formed in ac-
cordance with the provisions of said laws, and recog-
nized by the Congress of the United States as the
valid and legitimate governments of said States, to
be " illegitimate and of no validity whatever;"
And whereas Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, by his failure to execute tho laws, by
hisadvicc to individuals, his public speeches, proc-
lamations, and messages, by his vetoes of constitu-
tional acts passed by the Congress of tho United
States, by use of the executive patronage, by his
wholeadministration ofthe lawsof the United State?,
in so far as they relate to the States lately in rebel-
lion. has brought about a civil and political hostility
to the loyal States of the Union and the citiacns
thereof, to the Congress of the United States, and to
the General Government, which, if not speedily re-
pressed, will precipitate a now imminent insurrec-
tion within said States, and endanger the "domestic
tranquillity
And whereas Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, by his unlawful, unwarranted course,
and dangerous, unprecedented conduct, encouraging
instead of restraining opposition to the laws of the
United States, has so revived the spirit of the late
rebellion that the national peace is endangered, and
has so administered the laws that the States latelp in
rebellion have been destitute ot the protection of
the governments oi their respective States, in^so far
as reserved to them by the laws of the United States,
and of the Government of the United States, until
arson, rapine, murder, and assassination have be-
come of every-day occurrence, anduntilthesheddmg
of blood of loyal citizens scarcely excites comment,
and has there thrown every obstacle which his offi-
cial position placed in his power in the way of bring-
ing incendiaries, assa^ins, and murderers to justice,
either by the civil authorities of said States, as re-
served to them by act of Congress, or by the military
power delegated by Congress to insure peace, ordef,
and protection in the said States;
And whereas Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, threatens to use the power and au-
thority of his high office of President to overthrow
the republican State governments established in the
States lately in rebellion by theconstitutional author-
ity of the Congress of the United States, and declares
such to be his rebellious purpose, in the following
alarmingpassagc contained in his seditious, incendi-
ous message to Cougiess on tho :20th instant, to wit:
" It clearly follows that all tho State governments
organized in those States under acts of Congress for
that purpose, and under military control, are ille-
gitimate and of no validity whatever, and in that
view the votes cast in those States for President and
Vice President, in pursuance of the acts passed since
the 4th of March, 1807, and in obedience to the so-
called reconstruction acts of Congress, cannot be
legally received and counted, while the only votes in
those States that can be legally cast and counted will
be those cast in pursuance of the laws in force in the
several States prior to the legislation by Congress
upon the subject of reconstruction
And whereas, so long as Andrew Johnson occupies
the office of President of the United States, theieean
be no administration of the Government in the South,
no peace, no safety, cither to the Government, States,
or individuals, no "promotion of the general wel-
fare/' no protection to life, liberty, or property; and
he has in all these many and several particulars
been guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors: There-
Jtesolved, That Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, be, and he hereby is, impeached of
high ciimes and misdemeanors.
Resolved. That tho managers on the part of the
House of Representatives during the late impeach-
ment trial, are hereby instructed to immediately
proceed to thebarofthe Senateof theUnited States,
and inform that body that the House of Represent-
atives, in thenameof all the people, have impeached
Andrew Johnson,Presidentof theUnitedStates, and
will in due time present particular articles of im-
peachment. , ,
Mesolved, That said managers prepare and report
to this House as speedily as possible particular arti-
cles of impeachment against Andrew Johnson,Pres-
ident of the United States, and that they have any
and all power conferred upon themnecessary to pre-
pare and prosecute to final judgment such articles
of impeachment as may from time to time be reported
to and adopted by this House.
Mr. BOUTWELL and others addressed the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is about to
rule on this proposition. He rules that this is
a question of privilege which the gentleman
has the right to bring before the House when
it is not engaged in the transaction of other
business 5 but that part of the resolution which
proposes to revive theboard of managers, whose
official functions have now expired, cannot, in
the opinion of the Chair, be entertained except
by unanimous consent or by a suspension of
the rules, because the precedents in the Brit-
ish House of Commons, and also in the Amer-
ican Congress, are that when articles of im-
peachment have been agreed upon by the
popular branch of the Government the man-
agers are then to be elected to present those
articles of impeachment. As to the managers
formerly appointed by this House to conduct
the impeachment of the President of the Uni-
ted States, though they were continued as a
select committee for conducting a special in-
vestigation their official functions have expired,
as has been heretofore decided by the Chair,
the decision beingacquiesced in by the House 5
and if impeachment should be voted by the
House managers must be elected by the House
to conduct that impeachment. The remaining
portion of the resolution constitutes a question
of privilege, and is before the House. The
gentleman from Florida [Mr. Hamilton] is
entitled to the floor. Does he yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,]
who is claiming his attention?
Mr. HAMILTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BOUTWELL. My object in rising was
to ask the gentleman from Florida to allow me
to make a motion to refer t.he preamble and
resolutions to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 have no objection to
that.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I make that motion,
and on it demand the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I raise the question on
the reception of these resolutions as a ques-
tion of privilege, unless the gentleman Irom
Florida will give me an opportunity to ask him
some questions, and unless his answers should
satisfy me to the contrary of the opinion I now
entertain.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldkidgb] raises the question
of consideration he cannot debate it except by
unanimous consent, as the question is unde-
batable.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not propose to
debate it.
The SPEAKER. The question of consider-
ation must be raised, if at all, at the time a
proposition is presented. It is now in order
to raise that question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I propose to make it,
unless the gentleman from Florida  
Mr. HAMILTON. I do not yield to the
gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The question of con-
sideration can be raised by any gentleman when
a resolution is presented, whether it be a ques-
tion of privilege or not.
Mr. FARNSWOETH. I make the point
of order that the question of consideration is
raised too late.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Chair has already
decided that it is not too late.
Mr. FARNSWOKTH. The Chair decided
that the resolution was before the House, and
afterward the gentleman from Florida, being
recognized as entitled to the floor, yielded to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well.]
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
"When any motion or proposition is made, the
question, Will the House now consider it? shall not
be put, unless it is demanded by some member or is
deemed necessary by the Speaker; and it is compe-
tent for a member to raise the question of considera-
tion upon a report, even though a question of privi-
lege is involved in the report. But after a question
has been stated, and its discussion commenced, it is
too lato to raise the question of consideration."
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ,
point of order raised by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farns worth,] first, because the
discussion had not commenced, and also for
the additional reason that thegentl'eman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] rose at the same
time as the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Boutwell.] The Chairgave the floor to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, with the
assent ofthe gentleman from Florida; but the
gentleman from Wisconsin remained standing,
and made the point of order at the earliest
moment at which he could obtain the attention
of the Chair.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish it understood
that I demanded the previous question on the
motion to refer.
The SPEAKER. Certainly. The question
of consideration must, however, be entertained
and decided.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The first question before
the House is whether it will entertain the ques-
tion as one of privilege.
Mr. PHELPS, I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. The Speaker
has announced this resolution is in part not in
order. If part is inadmissible is it not all out
of order?
The SPEAKER. The remaining portion is
admissible. The gentleman from Florida with-
drew that part which was not in order.
lewis sanders, deceased.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I move
that the Committee on Accounts be authorized
to pay out of the contingent fund of the House
$100, to defray the funeral expenses of Lewis
Sanders, who died while employed at the Cap-
itol. We all recollect him. It is to be paid
to his widow.
There was no objection, and it was agreed to.
impeachment again.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 31, not vot-
ing 86 ; as follows :
YEAS— Messrs. Allison, Araes. Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, Bailey, Banks, Beatty, Benton, Bingham,
Blackburn, Blair, Boutwell, Bowen,Brotn well, Buck-
land, Buckley, Callis, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Chft, Cobb, Coburn, Covode, Cul-
lom, Dawes, Delano, Deweese, Dixon. Driggs, Eck-
ley, Bla, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fcrnss, Fields, Frcnch,
Garfield. Goss, Gove, Halsey, Hamilton, Haughey,
Heaton, Higby. Hinds, Hopkins, Chester 1). Hub-
bard, Hunter, Jenckes, Alexander II. Jones, Judd,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Koontz, William Law-
rence, Loan, Loughridge, Mallory, Maynard, Mc-
Clurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore. Mullins, Myers. New-
sham, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perliam, Pierce,
Plants, Pojsley, Prince, llaum, Sawyer, Schenek.
Scofield, Shanks, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stokes, Sypher, Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Van Aernam. Burt Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Vidal.Ward, Elihu 13. Washburne, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, William
WValiams, JohnT. Wilson, and Windom—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell. Baker, Beck, Boy-
den, Cary, Dockery. Eldridge. Getz, Glossbrenner,
Golladay, Grovcr. Hawkins. Hotehkiss, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Thomas L.Jones, Kerr, Knott, Mann, Mar-
shall, Mungen, Niblack. Phelps, Ross, Spalding,
Stewart, Taber, Tafie, Lawrence S. Trimble, and
Van Auken—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barnes,Barnum, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Blaine, Boles, Bover, Brooks. Broomall, Burr,
Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick R. Butler. Cake,
Chanler, Cook, Cornell, Dodge, Donnelly, Edwards,
Eggleston, Ferry, Finney, Fox, Gravely, Griswold,
Haight, Harding, Hill, Hoiman, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
phrey, Julian, Ketcham, Kitchen, Lafiin. Lash,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Lynch, Mar-
vin, McCarthy, McOormick, MeCullough, McKee,
Moorhead, Morrcll, Morrissey, Newcomb. JNiclioJ-
son, Norris, Peters, Pike, Pile, Poland, Po^ei*oy
Price, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Koots,
Selye, Sbellabarfter, Sitgreaves. Santh. Tbadaeus
Stevens, Stone, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn. Van
Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry x>. Wa
burn, Thomas Williams, James F. W^son, Stephen
F. Wilson, Wood, Woodbndge, and Woodward So.
So the House agreed to consider the ques-
tion.
