THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
threatened, or applied, or some evil invasion
of the actual working of the department of the
Government in order to give substance to this
allegation of fault. No such fact, no such
intent, no such purpose is shown. We are
prevented from showing the attendant views,
information, and purpose upon which thePres-
ideut proceeded; and if so, it must be upon
the ground that views, intent, and purpose do
not qualify the act. Very well, then, carry it
through so ; let the Managers be held to the
narrowness of their charges when they ask for
judgment as they are when they exclude tes-
timony, and let it be determined upon their
reasoning on an article framed upon this plan,
" that the President of the United States,
well knowing the act to be unconstitutional, as
in fact it is, undertook to make an appointment
contrary to its provisions and conformable
to the Constitution of the United States, with
the intent that the Constitution of the United
States should prevail in regard to the office in
overthrow of the authority of the act of Con-
gress, and thereupon and thereby, with an in-
tent against which there can be no presump-
tion, lor he is presumed to have intended to do
what he did do, we ask that for that purpose
of obeying the Constitution rather than an in-
valid law he should be removed from office !"
And this absurdity is no greater than—for it
is but a statement of—the propositions of law
and of fact to which the honorable Managers
have reduced themselves in their theories of
this cause, which exclude all evidence of in-
tent or purpose and of effect and conduct, and
take hold upon mere personal infraction of a
statute of the United States, granting, for the
purpose of argument, that it may be unconsti-
tutional, and insisting that, under your judg-
ments, it shall not make any difference whether
it is unconstitutional or not. If that be so,
then we have a right to claim that it is uncon-
stitutional for the purposes of your judgment;
and they agree that if you cannot so treat it
and find us guilty, then it would be against the
lirst principles of justice to punish us for an
erroneous or mistaken opinion concerning con-
stitutionality.
Now, the review of the evidence I do not
purpose to weary you with. It all lies within
the grasp of a handful on either side and it will
astonish yon, if you have not already perused
the record, how much of it depends upon the
arguments or the debates of counsel, how little
upon whatis included in the testimony. Already
your attention has been turned to the simplicity
and folly, perhaps, of the conduct of General
Thomas; already your attention must have
fixed itself upon the fact that to prove this
threatened coup d'6tat to overthrow the Gov-
ernment of the United States and control the
Treasury and the War Department you had to
go to Delaware to prove a statement by Mr.
Karsner that twenty days afterward Thomas
said he would kick Stanton out. That is the
fact; there is 110 getting over it. A coup d'etat
in Washington on the 21st of February, medi-
tated, prepared, planned by military force, is
proved by Karsner, brought from Delaware to
say that 011 the Oth of March, in the Bast lloom,
General Thomas said he meant to kick Stan-
ton out. That phrase, disrespectful as it is,
and undoubtedly intimating force, is rather of
a personal than of a national act. [Laughter.]
I submit that criticism is well founded. I
think so. It comes up to a breach of the peace,
provided it lias been perpetrated. [Laughter. ]
But it does not eome up to that kind of pro-
ceeding by which Louis Napoleon seized the
liberties of the French republic; and we
expected, under the heats under which this
impeachment was found, that we should find
something of that kind. The Managers do not
neglect little pieces of evidence, as is shown
by their production of Mr. Karsner; and if
they find this needle in ahay-staek and produce
it as the sharp point of their case, there is
nothing else, there is no bristling of bayonets
under the haymow, you maybe sure. Are there,
then, any limits or discriminations in transac-
tions of State? Are there public prosecutions,
public dangers, public force, public menace ?
Undoubtedly there might be, and undoubtedly
many who voted for impeachment supposed
there were ; and undoubtedly the people of the
United States, when they heard there had been
an impeachment voted, took it for granted there
was something to appear. We have gone
through it all. There is no defect of power nor
of will. Every channel of the public informa-
tion, even the newspapers, seem to be ardent and
eager enough to aid this prosecution. Every-
body in this country, all the people of the
United States, are interested. They love their
liberties; they love their Government; and if
anybody knew of anything that would bear on
thatquestion of force, the coup d'etat, we should
have heard it. We must, then, submit, with
great respect, that upon this evidence and upon
these allegations there is no case made out of
evil purpose, of large design of any kind, and
no act that in form is an infraction of any law.
Now, what is the attitude which you must
occupy toward each particular charge in these
articles? Guilty or not guilty of a high crime
and misdemeanor by reason of charges made
and proved in that article ; guilty of what the
Constitution means as sufficient cause for re-
moval of a President from office within that
article. You are not to reach over from one
article-to another; you are to say guilty or not
guilty of each as it comes along ; and yon are
to take the first one as it appears ; you are to
treat it as within the premises charged and
proved ; you are to treat the President of the
United States, for the purpose of that determina-
tion, as if he were innocent of' everything else,
of good politics and good conduct; you are to
deal with him under your oath to administer
impartial justice within the premises of accusa-
tion and proof as if President Lincoln were
charged with the same thing, or General Grant,
if the proposition that political gratitude is a
lively sense of benefits expected leads men's
minds forward rather than backward in the list
of Presidents; you are to treat it as if the
respondent were innocent, as if he were your
friend, as if you agreed in public sentiment,
in public policy; and nevertheless the crime
charged and proved is such as that you will
remove General Washington or President Lin-
coln for the same offense.
I am not to be told that itwas competent for
the Managers to prove that there were coup
(Vttats, hidden purposes of evil to the State,
threatened in this innocent and formal act ap-
parently. Let them prove it and then let us
disprove it, and then judge us within the com-
pass of the testimony ami according to the law
governing these considerations. But I ask you
if I do not put it to you truly that within the
premises of a charge and proof the same judg-
ment must go against President Lincoln with
his good politics, and General Washington with
his majestic character, as against the respond-
ent?
And so, as you go along from the first to the
second article will you icmove him for having
made an error about the repeal or non-repeal
of statutes in regard to appointments to office,
if you can find a fault? 1 cannot see any fault
under any of the forms of the statutes. If the
power of removal of Mr. Stanton under the
former practice of the Government and unre-
stricted by this civil-tenure act existed it ex-
isted during the session as well as during the
recess. If that were debatable and disputa-
ble the prevailing opinion was that it covered,
and the practice of the Government shows that
it covered, the removal during the session. At
any rate, you must judge of this as you would
have judged of Mr. Lincoln, if he had been
charged with a high crime in appointing Mr.
Skinner to be Postmaster General when there
was not any authority under the appointment
acts of the United States.
And this brings me very properly to consider,
as I shall very briefly, in what attitude the
President stands before you when the discus-
sion of vicious politics or of repugnant poli-
tics, whichever may be right or wrong, is re-
moved from the case. I do not hesitate to say-
that if you separate your feelings and your
conduct, his feelings and his conduct, from the
aggravations of politics as they have beer; bred
since his elevation to the Presidency, under the
peculiar circumstances which placed him there,
and your views in their severity, governed, un-
doubtedly, by the grave juncture of the affairs
of the country, are reduced to the ordinary
standard and style of estimate that should pre-
vail between the departments of this Govern-
ment, I do not hesitate to say that upon the
impeachment investigations and upon the im-
peachment evidence you leave the general
standing of the President unimpaired in his
conduct and character as a man or as a magis-
trate. Agree that his policy has thwarted and
opposed your policy, and agree that yours is
the rightful policy: nevertheless, within the
Constitution and within his right, and within
his principles as belonging to him and known
and understood when he was elevated to the
office, I apprehend that no reasonable man
can find it in his heart to say that evil has been
proved against him here. And how mueli is
there in his conduct toward and for his coun-
try that up to this period of division commends
itself not only to your but to the approval
and applause of his countrymen? I do not
insist, upon this topic ; but I ask you to agree
with me in this: that his personal traits of
character and the circumstances of his career
have made him in opinion what he is: without
learning, as it is said by his biographers, never
having enjoyed a day's schooling in his life,
devoted always to such energetic pursuits in
the service of the State as commended him to
the favor of his fellow-citizens and raised him
step by step through all the gradations of the
public service, and in every trial of fidelity to
his origin and to the common interests proved
faithful, struggling always in his public life
against the aristocratic influences and oppres-
sions which domineered so much in the section
of country from which he came. He was always
faithful to the common interest of the common
people, and carried by his aid and efforts as
much as any one else the popular measure of
the homestead act against the southern policy
and the aristocratic purposes of the governing
interests of the South.
And I ask you to notice that, bred in a
school of Tennessee Democratic politics, he
had always learned to believe that the Consti-
tution must and should be preserved; and I
ask you to recognize that when it was in peril,
and all men south of a certain line took up
arms against it, and all men north ought to
have taken up arms in politics or in war for
it, he loved the country and the Constitution
more than ho loved his section and the glories
that were promised by the evil spirits of the
rebellion. I ask you whether he was not as
firm in his devotion to the Constitution when
he said, in December, 18G0:
"Then let us stand by the Constitution: and, in
saving the Union, we save this, the greatest Govern-
ment on eitrth."
And whether, after the battle of Bull Run,
lie did not show as great an adhesion to the
Constitution when he said:
"The Constitution—which is based on principles
immutable, and upon which rest the rights ot men
and the hopes and expectations of those who lovo
freedom throughout the civilized world—must be
maintained."
He is no rhetorician and no theorist, no
! sophist and 110 philosopher. The Constitution
; is to him the only political book that he reads,
j The Constitution is to him the only great au-
thority which lie obeys. His mind may not
, expand; his views may not be so plastic as
those of many of his countrymen; he may not
I think we have outlived the Constitution, and he
! may not be able to embrace the Declaration of
i Independence as superior and predominant to
^ it. But to the Constitution he adheres. For
it and under it he has served the State from
|; boyhood up, labored for, loved it. For it he
!' has stood in arms against the frowns of a Sen-
