1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1401
demand that the Senate take order for the appear-
ance of said Andrew Johnson to answer to said im-
peachment.
2. Resolved, That a committee of seven be appointed
to prepare andtreport articl es of impeachment against
Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
with power to send for persons, papers, and records,
and to take testimony under oath.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this a privileged ques-
tion?
The SPEAKER. It is a question of privi-
lege under the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjenrn.
Mr. HOLMAN". On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourns to meet on
Wednesday next.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the
motion to adjourn to Wednesday next is not
in order, as the House on Saturday, by unani-
mous consent, resolved to meet on Tuesday,
and that that day should in all respects be like
Monday as to the morning hour and suspen-
sion of llie rules. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Griswold] was
also postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
take a reccss until to-morrow, at ten o'clock
in the morning.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order
pending a motion to adjourn, which latter
motion is of a higher character.
The question was then taken on the mo-
tion to adjourn, and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 45, nays 124, not voting 20 ; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer. Axtell, Barnes,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanlcr, Eldridge,
Fox, Getz, Glo?sbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Haiglit,
Holman, llotehkips, .Richard D. Hubbard. Humphrey,
Johnson, Jones. Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCorraick,
McCullough, Morgnn, Mornssey, Mungen,Niblack,
Nicholson, Phelpn, Pi uyn. Hand ail, Ross, Sitgreaves,
Stone, T.iher, LawieneeS. Trimble, VanAuken, Yan
Trump, Wood, and "Woodward—45.
NAYS — Me^rs. Allison. Ames, Anderson, Am ell,
Deios li. Ashley, JdinesM. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Bnrnum, Beaman, Beatty, Benton,
Bingnam, Blaine, Biair, Boutweil.Bromwell,Broom-
all, Buekland, Butler, (Jake, Churchill, Reader W.
Gravely, Griswold, Ualsey,' Hording, Hiffby, Ilill,
Jfooper, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester I).
Hubbard, Hunter, Ingcrsoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, lve^oy, Ketcham, Kitchen, Laflin, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence,Lincoln,Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy,
McClurff, lAIercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhend, Mullins,
Myei'3, Newcomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth Paine, Per-
ham, Peters. Pike, Pile, Poland, Polsley, Price,
Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofaeld, Selye,
Shanks, Smith, Spaldmgr, Starkweather, Aaron
Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart. Stokes, ialle,
Taylor, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Tiiomns Williams, James F. Wilson,
John T. Wilson. Stephen h\ Wilson, Windom, and
Woodbiidsje—124.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Benjamin,. Dixon, Don-
nelly, Eln, Finney, Garfield, Hawkins, Hulburd,
Koontz. Maynard, Morrell, Plants, Pomeroy Rob-
inson, Shellabargor, Thomas John Tumble, Robert
T. Van 'lorn, Henry D. Washburn, and William
Williams— 20.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
the rules be suspended, so the House shall
immediately, without dilatory motions, vote on
the pending resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania withdraws his demand for the
previous question.
Mr. BURR. I move that the resolutions be
laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions are not
before the House.
Mr. ROSS. Is it in order to have a call ot
•the House?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order
pending the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. RANDALL. Is not the motion to
adjourn in order?
' The SPEAKER. Not pending this motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In order
that there may be no mistake about my motion
I have reduced it to writing, as follows:
Resolved, That the rules be suspended, so that the
House may immediately, without dilatory motions,
vote upon the pending resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the*
motion for a call of the House is not in order.
The Clerk will, read a paragraph from page
170 of the Digest.
The Clerk read as follows;
Pending a motion to suspend the rules, so as to
take an immediate vote on a proposition, a motion
for a recess is not in order. This decision of the
Speaker was sustained on appeal by the very decisive
vote by yeas and nays of yeas 173, nays 4; and would
seem to have settled the question, that pending a
similar motion dilatory motions such as had been
previously tolerated would not bo entertained here-
after.
Mr. BURR. Why was my motion ruled out
of order ?
The SPEAKER. It was because the mo-
tion to suspend the rules, which is of a higher
character, was made by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburxe.]
Mr. BLTRR. I renew it.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is still pending, and the yeas and nays
are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The reason why the mo-
tion to lay on the table is not in order is evident
from the fact that the motion pending is to sus-
pend the rules, and that suspends the rule by
which the right is obtained to move to lay on
the table.
Mr. RANDALL. Is it not in order to move
to postpone the resolution?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I believe it is in order
to move to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. It is not. The Chair re-
fers to the decision just read by the Clerk, also
to the decision of this Congress.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it a dilatory motion
merely to move to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not argue
the question, but refers the gentleman to the
decision of the last Congress by a vote of 173
to 4, and of this Congress with 21 votes in the
negative.
Mr. HOLMAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the decision
merely to affect the recess.
The SPEAKER. The Chair ruled all dila-
tory motions out of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the Chair
to decide the other day that a simple motion
to adjourn was not a dilatory motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that
it was a dilatory motion, and stated to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] the
reason for it, which is this : by the rules, when
a motion to adjourn is pending, a motion that
when the House adjourns it adjourn to a time
certain has priority, and a motion to amend by
adjourning to another time certain would have
priority still; so that there can be three mo-
tions on which the yeas and nays can be or-
dered in reference to adjournment if one motion
to adjourn is at all tolerated. And further-
more, as an appeal has been taken, the Chair
states that his decision to-day has been affirmed
by the House by an overwhelming vote in two
Congresses.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to lay the appeal on the table, and on that I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 125, nays 81, not voting
33 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, .Tames M. Ashley. Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benton,
Bingham, Blaine. Blair, Boutwell.Bromwell, Broom-
all, Buekland, Butler, (Jake, Cary. Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cor-
nell, Covodo, Cullorn, Dawes, Dodge, Driggs, Ec.k'ey,
Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Kerry, ileitis.
Gravely, Halsey, Harding, Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hop-
kins, Hotcblriss, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hun-
ter, Tugersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kel-
sey,Kerr, Keieham, Kitchen, Laflin, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy,
McClurg, Mcreur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Mullins, Myers, Newcomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike, Pile, Poland, Polsley,
Price, Raum, Robertson, Sawy.er, Schenek, Scofleld,
Selye, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Aaron F. Stevens. Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Taffe,
Taylor, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Thomas Williams, James F.Wilson, John T.Wilson,
Stephen S. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—126.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnura,
Boyer, Burr, Eldridge, Fox, G-etz, Glossbrenner. Gol-
laday, Grover, Haight, Holman, Humphrey, John-
son, Jones, Knott, McCormick, Morgan, Niblack,
Nicholson, Randall, Sitgreaves, Stone, Taber, Law-
rence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood,
and Woodward—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnes, Benjamin, Brooks,
Chanler, Dixon, Donnelly, Ela, Finney, Garfield,
Griswold, Hawkins, Asahel W.Hubbard, Richard D.
Hubbard, Koontz, Marshall, Maynard, McCullough,
Morrissey, Mungen, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Pruyn,
Robinson, Ross.Shellabarger, Stewart,Thomas, John
Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, HenryD.
Washburn, and William Williams—33.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
WasubuRne, of Illinois, to suspend the rules,
upon which the yeas and nays had been or-
dered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 123, nays 42, not voting 24; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Bingham,
Blaine, Blatr, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Butler, Cake, Cary, Churchill, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, (look, Cornell, Covodc, Cullom, Dawes,
Dodge, Diiggs, Ecklcy, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Gravely, Griswold, Halsey,
Ilarding. lligby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D.
Hubbard, Ilulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll. Jenckes,.Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Logan. Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin,
McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moor-
head; Morrell, Mullins, Myers, Newcomb, Nunn,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike, Pile,
Poland, Polsley, Price, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scolicld. Selye, Shanks, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevons, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson,
Van Aernam, BurtVan Horn.Van Wyck, Ward, Cad-
walader C.Washburn, Elihu B.Washburne, William
B Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, James F.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson,Windom,
and Woodbridge—'123.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Bnrnum, Beck, Brooks, Burr, Eldridge, Fox, Getz,
Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Haight, Holman,
Ilotclikits. Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Marshall, McCoi mick. MeUnllough, Morgan, Morris-
soy, Mungen. Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn,
Randall, Ross, Sitgreaves, Stone, Taber. Lawrence
8. Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood, and
Woodwnrd—42. ...
NOT VOTTNG— Messrs. Benjamin, Boyer, Chanler,
Reader W. Clarke, Dixon, Donnelly, Ela, Finney,
Garfield, Hawkins, Asahel W. llnhhard, Richard D.
Hubbard, Koontz, Maynard, Plants, Pomeroy, Rob-
inson, Shellabarger, Stewart,Thomas, John irimble,
Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, and Wil-
liam Williams—24.
So, two thirds voting in the affirmative, the
rules were suspended, and it was ordered that
the vote be taken immediately on the resolu-
tions offered by Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER,
tertain that motion.
Mr. RANDALL.
Mr. HOLMAN.
The Chair declines to en-
That is what I expected.
I demand the yeas and
nays on agreeing to the resolutions.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Did the Chair decide
that he would not entertain a motion to ad-
journ ? , ., ,
The SPEAKER. The House has so decided,
and the Chair, in conformity tothat decision
of the House, declines to entertain the motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. When the rules are sus-
pended we cannot adjourn.
The SPEAKER. When the rules are sus-
pended the House will act exactly as they have
ordered by the resolution that they shall act.
The Chair will state to the gentleman from
Wisconsin that he might have declined to en-
tertain the appeal which was taken a short
time since—the' third tjme an appeal had been
taken on that point—on the ground that the
right to appeal arises under the rules; and the
Chair has decided in the last Congress and
