1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3449
in connection therewith, for storage or other pur-
poses, and to examine, gauge, measure, and take an
account of every still or other vessel or utensil of any
kind, and of all low wines, and of the quantity and
gravity of all mash, wort, or beer, and of all yeast,
or other compositions for exciting or producing fer-
mentation in any mash or beer, and of aH spirits and
of all materials formakingordistillingspirits, which
shall be in any such distillery or premises, or in the
possession of the distiller; and if any revenue officer,
or any person called by him to his aid, shall be hin-
dered, obstructed, or prevented, by any distiller or
by any workman or other person acting for such dis-
tiller or in his employ, from entering into any such
distillery, or building, or place, as aforesaid; or if
any such officer shall be by the distiller, or his work-
man, or any person in his employ, prevented or hin-
dered from, or opposed, or obstructed, or molested
in the performance of his duty undcrthisact, in any
respect, the distiller shall forfeit the sum of §1,000.
If any officer, having demanded admittance into a
distillery or premises of a distillery, and having de-
clared his name and office, shall not be admitted
into such distillery or premises by the distiller or
other person having charge of the same, it shall be
lawful for such officer, at all times, as well by night
as by d-iy, to break open by force any of the doors
or windows, or to break through any of the walls of
such distillery or premises necessary to be broken
open or through, to enable him to enter the said dis-
tillery or premises ; and the distillershall forfeit tho
sum of SI,000.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows :
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted. That, on the
demand of any revenue officer, every distiller, rec-
tifier, or compounder of spirits shall famish strong,
sate, and convenient ladders of sufficient length to
enable tho officer to examine and gauge any vessel
or utensil in such distillery or premises; and shall,
at all times when lequircd, supply all assistance,
lights, ladders, tools, staging, or other things neces-
sary for inspecting the premises, stock, tools, and
apparatus belonging to such^ person, and shall open
all doors, and open lor examination all boxes, pack-
ages, and all casks, barrels, and other vessels not
under the control of a revenue officer in charge,
under a penalty of $300 for every refusal or neglect
so to do.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows:
Skc. 32. And be it further enacted, That it shall bo
lawful for any revenue officer, and any person acting
in his aid, to break up the ground on any part of the
distillery or premises of a distiller, rectifier, or com-
pounder of liquors, or any ground adjoining or near
to such distil lei y or premises, or any wall or partition
thereof, or belonging thereto, or other place, to
search for any pipe, cock, private conveyance, or
utensil; and upon finding any such pipe or convey-
ance leading therefrom or thereto, he may break up
any ground, house, wall, or other place through or
into which sueh pipe or other conveyanceshall lead,
and break or cut awav such pipe or other convey-
ance, and turn anv cock, or examine whether such
pipe or other conveyance may convey or conceal any
mash, wort, or beer, or other liquor which may be
used for distillation of low wines or spirits from the
sight or view of the officer, so as to prevent or hinder
him from taking a true account thereof.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows:
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That no malt,
corn, grain, or other material shall be mashed, nor
any wash, wort, or beer brewed or made, nor any still
used by a distiller at any time between the hour of
eleven in tho afternoon of any Saturday and the hour
of one in the forenoon of the next succeeding Mon-
day; and any person who shall violate the provisions
of this section shall be liable to a penalty of $1,000.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Chairman, I move
to strike out section thirty-three. This section
requires that every distillery shall stop two
days out of every seven. It is an absolute
prohibition on the large distilleries. Not one
can run under it. What is known as a two-
thousand-bushel house will feed four thousand
head of hogs and five hundred head of cattle.
Can they afford to " fast" two sevenths of the
time? An establishment of this kind cannot
stop a single day without the loss of about
one thousand dollars. This is the madness
of legislation.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 20, noes 90.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to add—
Provided, During thesame periodno mash shallbe
allowed to ferment.
[Laughter.]
The amendment was rejected.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 34. And be it further enacted, That all distilled
spirits louncl elsewhere than in a distillery or dis-
tillery warehouse, not having been removed there-
from according to law, shall be forfeited to the
United States. And in case of the seizuro oi any dis-
tilled spirits found elsewhere than in a distillery,
distillery warehouse, or other warehouse for distilled
spirits authorized by law, or in the store or place of
business of a rectifier, or of a wholesale liquor dealer,
or of a compounder oi liquors, or in transit from
any one of said places; and in case of tho seizure of
any distilled spirits found in any one of the places
aforesaid, or in transit therefrom, which shall not
have been received into or sent out therefrom in
conformity to law, or in regard to which any of the
entries required by law to be made in the books of
the owner of such spirits or of the storekeeper,
wholesale dealer, rectifier, or compounder, have not
been made at the time or in the manner required, or
in respect to which the owner or person having pos-
session, control, or chaige of said spirits shall have
omitted to do any act required to be done, or shall
have doneor committed any act prohibited in regard
to said spirits, the burden of proof shall be upon the
claimant of said spirits to show that no fraud has
been committed, and that all the requirements of
the law in relation to tho payment of the tax have
been complied with. And every person who shall
remove, or shall aid or abet in tho removal of any
distilled spirits from a distillery to a place other
than the distillery warehouse as provided by law, or
who shall conceal or aid in the concealment of any
spirits so removed, or who shall remove or shall aid
or abet in the removal of any distilled spirits from
any distillery warehouse, or other warehouse for
distilled spirits authorized by law, in any manner
other than as is provided bylaw, or who shall con-
ceal, or aid in the concealment of any spirits so
removed, shall be liable to a penalty of double the
tax imposed on such distilled spirits so removed or
concealed, and shall, on conviction, be fined not less
than $200 nor more than s>5,000 and imprisoned not
less than three months nor more than thrco years.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to strike out the word
"law" and insert u provisions of this act."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
that will not be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 35. And be it further enacted, That no person
shall remove any distilled spirits at any other time
than after sun-rising and before sun-setting, in any
cask or package containing more than ten gallons
from any premises or building in which the saino
may have been distilled, redistilled, rectified, com-
pounded, manufactured, or stored, and every peison
who shall violate this provision shall bo liable to a
penalty of ©100 for each cask, barrel, or package of
spirits so removed; and said spirits, together with
any vessel containing the sa.me, and any horse, cart,
boat, or other conveyance used in the removal
thereof, shall be forfeited to the United States.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows :
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall add or cause to be added any ingredient
or substance to any distilled spirits, before the tax
imposed by law shall have been paid thereon, for the
purpose of creating a fictitious proof, shall, on con-
viction, be fined not less thau $30D nor more than
$1,000 for each cask or package so adulterated, and
imprisoned not less than three months nor more than
two years, and every such cask or package,, with its
contents, shall be forfeited to the United {States.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows:
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted. That any person
who shall evade or attempt to evade the payment
of the tax on any distilled spirits, in any manner
whatever, shall forfeit and pay double the amount
of the tax so evaded or attempted to be evaded ; and
any person who shall change or alter any stamp,
mark, or brand on any cask or package containing
distilled spirits, or who shall put into any cask or
package spirits of greater strength than is indicated
by the inspection mark thereon, or who shall fraud-
ulently use any cask or package having any inspec-
tion mark or stamp thereon toi the purpose of selling
other spirits orspnifs of quantity or quality different
from the spirits previously inspected therein, shall
forfeit and pay the sum of $200 for every cask or
pa.ckage on which the stamp or mark is so changed
or altered, or which is so fraudulently used, and, on
conviction, shall bo lined lor each such offense not
| less than *100 nor more than SI.000. and imprisoned
i not less than ono month nor more than one year.
I No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows:
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall knowingly use any false weights or meas-
ures in asjcei taining, weighing,or measuring thequan-
tifies of grain, meal, or vegetable materials, molasses,
beer, or other substances to be used for distillation,
or who shall destroy, break, injure, or tamper with
any look or seal which may be placed on any cistern-
room or buildine. by the duly, authorized officers of
the revenue, or shall open said lock or seal, or the
door to such cistern-room or building, orshall in any
manner gain access to the contents thereiu in the
absence of the proper officer, shall, on conviction, be
fined not less than $500 nor more than §5.000 and
imprisoned notless than one year nor more than three
years; and any person who shall use any molasses,
beer, or other substance, whether fermented on the
premises or elsewhere, for the purpose of producing
spirits, before an account for the same shall have
been registered in the proper le.cord book provided
for that puipose, shall forfeit and pay the sum of
$1,000 for each and every ofiense so committed.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows:
Sec. 39. Andbeit further enacted, Thatitshallbelaw-
ful for any internal reven ue officer to seize and detain
any cask or package containing, or supposed to con-
tain, distilled spirits, when sueh officer has reason
to believe the tax imposed by law upon the same has
not been paid, or that the same is being removed
m violation of law; and every such cask or package
may be held by such officer at a safe place until it
shall be determined whether the property so seized .
is liable by law to be proceeded against for forfeiture;
but such summary detention shall not continue in
any case longer than forty-eight hours, without pro-
cess of law or intervention of tho officer to whom
sueh seizure is to be reported.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows:
Sec. 40. And be it further enacted, That no distillery
seized for any violation of law shall be released to
the claimant or any intervening party before judg-
ment, except in case of a distillery for which tho
special tax has been paid, and which has a registered
producing capacity of one hundred and fifty proof
gallons or more per day, on showing by sufficient
affidavits that there are hogs or other live stock, not
less than fifty head in number, depending for their
feed on the products of said distillery which would
suffer injuiy if the business of such distillery is
stopped; such distillery in that case may be released
to tho claimant, or any other intervening party, at
the discretion of the court, on a bond to be given and
approved in open court with two or more sureties
for the full appraised value of all the property seized,
which value snail be ascertained by three competent
appraisers to be designated and appointed by the
court. In case of the seizure of and judgment of for-
feiture against anydishlJeryusedorfit for use in the
production of distilled spirits having a registered
producing capacity of less than one hundred and
fifty gallons per day, or of anydistillery for the non-
payment of the special tax, the still, stills, doubler,
worm, worm-tub, and all mash-tubs and fermenting
tubs shall be so destroyed as to prevent the use ot
the same or any part thereof for the purpose of distill-
ing; and the materials shall be sold as in case of
other forfeited property.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows:
Sec. 41. And bo it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of every person who empties or draws off,
or causes to be emptied or drawn off, any distilled
spirits from a cask or package bearing any mark,
brand, or stamp required by law, at the time of
emptying such cask or package, to efface and obliter-
ate said mark, stamp, or brand. Any such cask or
packagc from which said mark, brand, aud stamp, is
not so effaced and obliterated, as herein required,
shall be forfeited to the United States, and may be
seized by any officer of internal revenue wheiever
found. Any railroad company or other transporta-
tion company, or person, who shall receive or trans-
port, or have in possession with intent to transport,
or with intent to cause or procure to be transported,
any such empty cask or package, or any part thereof,
having thereon any brand, mark, or stamp, required
by law to be placed on any cask or package contain-
ing distilled spirits, shall forfeit $300 for each such
cask or package, or any part thereof, so received
or transported, or had in possession with the intent
aforesaid; and any boat, railroad car, cart, dray,
wagon, or other vehicle, and all horses or otherani-
mals used in carryingor transporting thesame, shall
be forfeited to the United States. Anyperson who
shall fail or neglect to efface and obliterate said mark,
stamp, or brand, at the time of emptying such cask
or package, or who shall receive any such cask or
package, or any part thereof, with the intent afore-
said, or who shall transport the same, or knowingly
aid or assist therein, or who shall remove any stamp
provided by this act from any cask or package con-
taining or which had contained distilled spirits,
without defacing and destroying thesame at the time
ot such removal, or who shall aid or assist therein,
or who shall have in his possession any such stamp
so removed, as aforesaid, or have in his possession
any canceled stamp or any stamp which has been
used, or which purports to have been used, upon any
cask or packago of distilled spirits, shall be deemed
guilty of a felony, and, on conviction, shall be fined
notless than 8500 nor more than §10,000, and impris-
oned not less than one year nor more than five years.
No amendmentbemg offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows:
Sec. 42. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall carry on the business of a distiller, recti-
fier, compounder of liquors, wholesale liquor dealer,
retail liquor dealer or manufacturer of stills, with-
out having paid the special tax, as required by law,
or who shall carry on the .business of a distiller or
rectifier without having given bond as required by
law, or who shall engage in or carry on the busi-
ness of a distiller, with intent to defraud the United
States of the tax on the.spirits distilled by him, or
any part thereof, shall, lor every such offense, be
fined not less than $1,000 nor more than §5,000, and
imprisoned not less than six months nor more than
two years. Aud all distilled spirits or wines, and all
stills or other apparatus fit, or intended to be used
for the distillation or rectification of spirits, or ior
the compounding of liquors, owned by .such per-
son, wherever found, and all distilled spirits or wines
aud personal property found in the distillery or
rectifying establishment or in the store or other place
of business of the compounder, or in any building,
room, yard, or inclosnre connected toevewirn, ana
used with or constituting a part of tho premises. and.
