3450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June -24,
all the right, title, and interest of such person
in the lot or tract of land on which such distillery is
situated, and all right, title, and interest therein of
every person who knowingly has suffered or jjerinit-
ted the business of a distiller to be there carried on,
or has connived at the same; and all personal prop-
erty owned by or in possession of any person who
lias permitted or suffered any building, yard, or in-
closure, or any part thereof to be used for purposes
of ingress or egress to or from such distillery, which
shall be found in any such building, yard, or inclos-
ure, and all the right, title, and interest of every
person in any premises used for ingress or egress to
or from such distillery, who has knowingly suffered
or permitted such premises to bo used for such
ingress or egress, shall be forfeited to the United
States.
No amendment being offered, the Clerkread
as follows:
Sec. 43. And be it further enacted. That every recti-
fier, wholesale liquor dealer, and compounder of
liquors, shall provide himself with a book, to be pre-
pared and kept in such form as shall be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and shall,
on tho same day on which he receives any spirits, and
before he shall draw off any part thereof, or add
water or anything thereto, or in any respect alter
the same, enter in such book, and in the proper col-
umns respectively prepared for the purpose, the date
when, thenamo of tho person or firm from whom, and
tho place whence the spirits were received, when and
by whom distilled, rectifiedorcompounded, and where
and by whom inspected, and, if in the original pack-
age, the serial number of each package, the number
of wine gallons and proof gallons, the kind of spirit,
and thenumberandkind of adhesive stamps thereon;
and every such rectifier, compounder, and wholesale
dealer, shall, at tho time of sending out of his stock
or possession any spirits, and before the same sha'l
be removed from his premises, enter in like manner,
in the said book, the day when, and the name and
place ot business of the person or firm to whom such
spirits are to be sent, tho quantity and the kind or
quality of such spirits, and the strength thereof: and
also the number of gallons and fractions of a gallon
at proof; and, if in the original packages in which
they were received, he shall enter the name of the
distiller, and the serial number of tho package. And
every such book shall bo at all times kept in some
public or open place on tho premises of such recti-
fier, wholesale dealer, or compounder of liquors,
respectively, for inspection; and any revenue offieer
may make an examination of such book and take an
abstract therefrom; and every such book, when it
has been filled up as aforesaid, shall be preserved by
such rectifier, wholesale liquor dealer, or compounder
of liquors, for a period not less than two years; and
duimg such time it shall be produced by him to
every revenue officer demanding tho same; and if
any rectifier, wholesale dealer, or compounder of
liquors shall refuse or neglect to provide such book
or to make entries therein as aforesaid, or shall can-
cel, alter, obliterate, or destroy any part of such
book, or any entry therein, or make any false entry
therein, or hinder or obstruct any revenue officcr
from examining such book or making any entry
therein, or taking any abstract therefrom; or if such
book shall not be preserved or not produced by any
rectifyer or wholesale dealer or compounder, as
hereinbefore directed, he shall pay a penalty of $100,
and, on conviction, shall be fined not less than $100
nor more than §5,000, and imprisoned not less than
three months nor more than three years.
No amendment being offered, the Clerkread
as follows:
Sf,o. 44. And be it further enacted. That it shall not
be lawful for any rectifier of distilled spirits, com-
pounder of liquors, liquor dealer, wholesale or retail
liquor dealer, to purchase or receive any distilled
spirits in quantities greater than twenty gallons from
any person other than an authorized rectifier of
distilled spirits, compounder of liquors, distiller, or
wholesale liquor dealer. Any person violating this
section shall forfeit and pay $1,000: Provided, That
this shall not be held to apply to judicial sales, nor
to sales at public auction made by an auctioneer who
lias paid a special tax as such.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows:
Sec. 45. And be it further enacted, That all distilled
spirits drawn from any cask or other package and
placed in any other cask or package containing not
less than ten gallons, and intended for sale, shall be
again inspected arid gauged, and the cask or pack-
age into which it is so transferred shall be marked
or branded, and such marking or branding shall dis-
tinctly indicate the name of the gauger, the time
and place of inspection, the proof of the spirits, tho
particular name of such spirits as known to the trade,
together with the name and place of business of the
dealer, rectifier, or compounder, as the case may be;
and in all cases, except where such spirits have been
rectified or compounded, the name also of the distil-
ler, and the distillery wheie such spirits were pro-
duced, and the serial number of the original package;
and the absence ofsuchmarkor brand shall betaken
and held as sufficient cause and evidence for the for-
feiture of such unmarked packages of spirits.
No amendment being offered, the Clerkread
as follows:
Sec. 46. Andbe it further enacted, That on all wines,
liquors, or compounds known or denominated as
wine, not made from grapes grown in the United
States, but made in imitation ot sparkling wine or
champagne, and on all liquorsnotmadefrom grapes,
currants, rhubarb, or berries grown in the United
States, but produced by being rectified or mixed
with distilled spirits or by the infusion of any matter
in spirits, to be sold as wine or by any other name,
there shall bo levied and paid a tax of six dollarsper
dozen bottles, each bottle containing more than one
pint and not more than one quart; or three dollars
per dozen bottles, each bottle containing not more
than one pint. And any person manufacturing com-
pounding, or putting up such wines, shall, without
previous demand, make return, under oath or affirm-
ation, to the assistant assessor, on the 1st and 15th
days of each and every month, or within five days
thereafter, of the entire amount of such wines man-
ufactured or put up during the first fifteen days of
tho month, and the residue of the month, respect-
ively; and the tax herein imposed shall be payable
at the time such return is made. And in case such
manufacturer shall neglect or refuse to make such
return within the time specified, tho assessor shall
proceed to ascertain tho amount of tax due as pro-
vided in other cases of a refusal or neglect to make
returns, and shall assess the tax, and add a penalty
of fifty per cent, to the amount; which said tax, and
also said penalty shall be collected in the manner
provided for the collection of tax on monthly and
other lists. Any person who shall fraudulently evade
or attempt to evade the payment of the tax herein
imposed shall, on conviction, be fined not less than
$500, nor more than $5,000, and imprisoned not less
than six months nor moro than two years.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to amend in line
twelve, after the word "pint," byinserting the
words "and at the same rate in any quantity
of such merchandise however the same may
be put up, or whatever be the package."
Mr. fcJCHENCK. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I offer as an amendment what
I send to the Chair.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, on the recommendation of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, shall appoint one
officer for each United States judicial district, to be
called a supervisor of internal revenue on distilled
spirits and tobacco, whose duty it shall be to reside
in such district, and keep his office at some conven-
ient place therein, to bo designated by the Commis-
sioner, and who shall rcceivo m compensation for
his services such salary as tho Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue may deem just and reasonable, not
exceeding $2,500 per annum, and shall be paid his
necessary traveling expenses when absent from his
office on official business. It shall be the duty of
every supervisor of internal revenue on distilled
spirits and tobacco, under the direction of tho Com-
missioner, tosee that all laws and regulations relating
to the collection of internal taxes upon distilled
spirits and tobacco are faithfully executed and com-
plied with ; to aid in tho prevention, detection, and
punishment of any frauds in relation thoroto, and to
examine into the efficiency and conduct of all officers
of internal revenue witlnn his district; and for such
purposes he shall have power to examine all persons,
books, papers, accounts, and premises, and to admin-
ister oaths, and to summon any person to produce
books and papers, or to appear and testify under
oath before him, and to compel a compliance with
such summons in the same manner as assessors do.
It shall be the duty of every supervisor of internal
revenue, as aforesaid, to report in writing to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue any neglect of
duty, incompetency, delinquency, or malfeasance in
office of any internal revenue officer within his dis-
trict, of which he may obtain knowledge, with a
statement of all the facts in each case, and any evi-
dence sustaining the same; and he shall have power
to transfer any inspector, gauger, or storekeeper from
one distillery, or other place of duty, to another, or
from one collection district to another within his dis-
trict; and may, by notice in writing, suspend from
duty any such inspector, gauger, or storekeeper, and
in case of suspension shall immediately notify the
collector of the proper district and the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, and within three days there-
after make report of his action, and his reasons there-
for, m writing, to said Commissioner, who shall there-
upon take such further action in the case as he may
deem proper.
Sec. — . And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act, no general or special
agent, by whatever name or designation he may be
known, of the Treasury Department in connection
with the internal revenue, except as provided for in
this act. shall be appointed, commissioned, employed,
or continued in office, and that the term of office or
employment of all such general or spccial agents
now authorized as aforesaid under employment at
the time of the passage of this act shall expire ten
days after this act shall take effect.
Sec. — . And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act no assessor or collector
shall be authorized to enter any other district than
the one for which he has been appointed for the pur-
pose of exercising any authority except as expressly
provided for by this act.
Mi\ LOGAN._ Mr. Chairman, if the House
will give me their attention for a moment, 1
will explain the reasons for these sections as
they have been understood by the committee.
The first of these sections is taken from the bill
as originally reported, but under their instruc-
tions the committee did not feel that they had
authority to put it in this bill, as it includes
this new officer. But these three sections are
thought by the committee to be proper, and
hence they agreed to report them as anamena-
ment. ., « - 4 ^
The first section provides for a superintend-
ent or supervising agent, who is to take the
place of all these roving officers that are hold'
ing commissions now and traveling all over
the country. We thought it would be right
and proper to put one such officer in each
United States judicial district, and not allow
him to have any power to seize property or
anything of that kind, but simply a supervisory
control, to examine books and papers and take
evidence and report to the Commissioner ot
Internal Revenue, so as to be an aid in the
prevention of frauds, and in holding the local
officers to their duty. That istheobjeetof the
first section.
We have provided for the abolition of inspect-
ors. There are to be no inspectors under this
law. We dispense with all the agents that are
now appointed, sometimes called special agents,
sometimes general agents, and sometimes in-
spectors. There are fifteen hundred of them
now appointed at from four to six dollars a
day, with their expenses. We wipe out all
those officers, and say that after ten days from
the time this bill takes effect they shall go out
of commission and their places are to be sup-
plied by this one man in each United States
judicial district who shall have supervisory
control.
That is the intention of the three sections,
and nothing more. It is simply to do away
with all these men who are traveling over the
country and supply their places with one officer
in each United States judicial district. The
committee think this a proper amendment, and
I hope it will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MULLINS. I offer the followingamend-
meut, which meets the approval of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means;
In line nineteen, after the word "respectively/'
insert "exceptwhen the wine is manufactured and
put up or used exclusively by the family of the per-
son manufacturing the same."
Mr. SCHENCK. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows;
Sec. 47. And be it further enaciedt That there shall
be appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury in any
district such number of internal revenue storekeep-
ers as may be necessary, the compensation of each
of whom shall be five dollars per day, one or more
of whom shall be assigned by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to every bonded warehouse estab-
lished by law; and no such storekeeper shall be en-
gaged in any other business while in the service of
tho United States. Every storekeeper shall take an
oath faithfully to perform thedutiesof hisoffice,and
shall give a bond, to be approved by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, for the faithful discharge
of his duties, in such form and for such amount as
the Commissioner may prescribe. Every storekeeper
shall have charge of the warehouse to which he may
be assigned, under the direction of thccollector con-
trolling the same, which warehouse shall be in the
joint custody of such storekeeper and the proprietor
thereof, and kept securely locked, and shall at no
time be unlocked and opened, or remain open, unless
m the presence of such storekeeper or other person
who may be designated to act for him as hereinafter
provided; and no articles shall be received in or
delivered from such warehouse except on an order
or permit addressed to the storekeeper and signed by
the collector havmgcontrol of the warehouse. Every
storekeeper shall keep a warehouse book, which shali
at all tunes be open to the examination of any rev-
enue officer, in which he shall enter an account of
ail articles deposited in the warehouse to which he
is assigned, indicating in each ease the date of the
deposit, by whom manufactured or produced, the
number and description of the packages and con-
tents, the quantities therein, the marks and serial
numbors thereon, and by whom gauged, inspected,
or weighed, and if distilled spirits, the number of
gauge or wine gallons and of proof gallons; and
v? if0 delivering any article from the warehouse, he
snail enter in said book the date of the permit or
order of the collector for the delivery of such articles,
the number and description of the packages, the
marks and serial numbers thereon, the date of deliv-
| cry, to whom delivered, and for whatpurpose, which
purpose shall be specified in the permit or order for
delivery, and in caseof delivery of any distilled spirits
the number ofgaugeor wine gallons, and of proof gal-
lons shall also be stated; andsuch further particulars
snail be entered in the warehouse books as may be
prescribed ortound necessary for the identification of
the packages, to insure the correct delivery thereof
