4474:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
During the vote,
Mr. TABER stated that Mr. Haight was
paired with Mr. Pike.
Mr. LOQGHR1DGE stated that Mr. Ferry
was detained at his room by illness.
The vote was then annouueed as above re-
corded.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that the prop-
osition be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that it be laid
on the table; and on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 30, nays 100, not voting
90 j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Baker, Beck, Boy-
clen, Cary. Eldridge, Getz, Glossbrmmcr, Goliadav,
brover, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, ICerr, Knott, Mann, Marshall, ilcCuilough,
Mungon, Niblaek, Pholps, Koss. Spalding, Stewart,
laber, Tafie, Lawrence S. Xiiinble, and Van
Auken—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell. Delos R.
Ashley, James M.Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks,
Loatty, Benton, Bingham, Blackburn, Blair, Bout-
well.Jiromwell, Buckland, Buckley,Callis, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarko, Cobb, Cliff,, Co-
burn, Covodc, CuUoni, l)awes, Delano, Doweesc,
i>ixon,X>ookpry,Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Ferriss, .Fields,
French, (xarnold, (jtoss, llalsey, Hamilton, iiaughey,
llcaton, lligby, Hill, Hinds, llooper, Hopkins,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter, Jcnckcs, Alexan-
der il. Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kcisey, Koontz,William
Lawrence, Loan, Louerhridgc.Mallory.MeCiursr.Mci-
cur, Muler, Moore, Mullins, Myers. Nunn, O'Neill,
Orth, raine, Pcrham, Pierce, Pile, Poland, Polsley,
Prince, liaum, Sawyer, Schenck, Seofield, Shanks,
starkweather, Aaron P. Stevens, Stokes, Taylor,
Ihomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell, vjui
Acrnam, Van Wyck, Vidal, Ward, Ehhu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn. Welkcr. Wlntte-
more, William Williams, John T. Wilson, and Win-
do m—100.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer,Barnes,
Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin, Blaine, Boles, Bowen,
Boyer, Brooks, Broomali, Burr, Benjamin P. Butler,
Roderick II. Butler, Cake, Ohanler, Cook, Cornell,
Hodge, Donnelly, Edwards. Kggleston, Eia, Parns-
worth, Perry, Finney, Pox, Gove, Gravely, Griswold,
llaigbt, Harding. Hawkins, Holraan, Asahel W.Hub-
bard, Richard 1). Hubbard, llulburd, Humphrey,
Julian, Kellogg, Ketcham, Kitchen, Laflin, Lash,
George V.Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan,Lynch,Marvin,
Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick, McKec, Moorhead,
Morrell, Morrissey, Nevvcomb, Newsham, Nicholson,
orris, Peters, Pike, Plant*, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn,
Randall, Robertson,Robinson, Roots, Selye, Sheila-
barger, Sitgreaves. Smith,TbuddeusStevens, Stone,
feypher, Upson, BurtVanilorn,RobertT. Van Horn,
Van Trump, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, Henry I).
Washburn, Thomas Williams, James P. Wilson, Ste-
phen 1. Wilson. Wood, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward—90.
So the House refused to lay the subiect on
the table.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I demand the previous
question on referring the resolutions to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolutions were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BOOT WELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were referred;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
_ A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gokham,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
House on the bill (a. No. 570) providing for
the distribution of the reward offered by the
President for the capture of Jefferson Davis.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution (S. No.
17G) extending the benefits of an act donating
public lands to the several States and Ter-
ritories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agricultural and the mechanical arts,
approved July 2, 1862, as amended by act of
July 23, 18G0, to States lately in rebellion;
also, a joint resolution (S. No. 175) relative
to the recent contract for statione-.y for the
Department of the Interior; in both of which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment the
bill (H. R. No. 1021) in amendment of an act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States."
Also, that it had passed the bill (H. II. No.
768) concerning the rights of American citi-
zens in foreign States, with amendments, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
kigiits of american citizens abroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(Ii. li. No. 768) concerning the rights of Amer-
ican citizens in foreign States.
The first amendment of the Senate was to
strike out the words "for the protection of
which the Government of the United States
was established."
The second amendment of the Senate was
to strike out section three and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That whenever it shall bo made known to the Pres-
ident that tiny citizen of the United States has boon
unjustly deprived of his liberty by or under the au-
thority of any foreign Government it shall be tho
duty ol the President forthwith to demand of that
Government tho reasons for such imprisonment, and
if it appears to bo wrongful and in violation of tho
rights of American citizenship tho President shall
forthwith demand the release of such citizen; and if
tho release so domanded is unreasonably delayed or
refused, it shall bo tho duty of tho President to use
sucli means, not amounting to acts of war, as ho may
think neccssary and proper to obtain or offeetuate
sueii reioase; and ali tho facts and proceedings
relative thereto shall, as soon us practicable, bo
communicated by tho President to Congress.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the House con-
cur in the amendments of the Senate; and on
that I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments of tho Senate were
concurred in.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider tho vote by
which the amendments were concurred in ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
corruption in impeachment trial.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to make a privileged
report. I am instructed by the committee
appointed to inquire into alleged corruption
in the trial of tho impeachment of the President
of the United States to report the following
resolution, on which I demand the previous
question:
Iiesohed, That tho select committee on alleged
corruption in tho impeachment trial be discharged
from the further consideration of tho subject.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentlemen
will not be discharged until they have at least
buried the body. [Laughter.]
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to offer a resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not know what the
resolution is, but I object to it out of personal
consideration for the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
government of united states territories.
Mr. MULLINS. I ask leave to introduce a
bill for present action, which will save $491,000
a year. It is a bill to provide for a more
economical administration of the governments
of the several Territories of the United States,
and for other purposes.
The bill was read. It provides that from and
after its passage the Legislatures of the several
Territories of the United States shall meet only
oncein every two years, and that the next
meeting of each of said Legislatures shall begin
two years from the date of their last session
respectively; and that no money shall be appro-
priated out of the Treasury of the United
States to pay the legislative expenses of the
several Territories for any other than biennial
sessions. The bill also proposes to fix the sal-
aries of the Governors of the respective Terri-
tories at $1,500 per annum.
Mr. KERR. I object to the bill.
Mr. MULLINS. Well, I cannot see how any
one can object to that.
pension bill.
Mr. PERHAM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I submit a report from a committee of
conference.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (U.K. No. 1010; relating to pensions,
having met, alter lull and free confcrencehave agreed
to recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the Ifruise recede from their disagreement to
tho amendments of tiioSennf.c, numbered as foi lows:
1, 2, 3, 4, 5. 7, 8, 0,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,13.19. and
20, and agree to the same.
That the House reccde from their disagreement to
the sixth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
tho same, with amendments, as follows: strike out
all after tho word " garrison," in line ten of the
amendment to the end of line twelve: also, strike
out all after the word "station/' in line eighteen of
the amendment; and that the Senate agree to tho
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho twent5T-lirst amendment, and agree tOfthe same,
with an amendment, as follows: strikeout all after
tho enacting clause of tho amendment and insert in
lieu thereof tho following: '*That the third section
of an act entitled 'An act increasing the pensions of
widows and orphans, and for other purposes,' ap-
proved July 25,1866, shall be so construed as to place
all pensioners whose right thereto accrued subse-
quently to the Revolution and prior to the 4th day
of March, 18G1, on the same footing as to rate of
pension from and after the passage of said act as
those who have been pensioned under acts passed
since said 4th day of March, 1861; and the widows of
revolutionary soldiers and saviors now receiving a
less sum shall hereafter be paid at the rate of eight
dollars per monthand that the Senate agree to
the same. «
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-second amendment,and agree to the same,
with an amendment, namely : strike out after line
eleven of the amendment the following: "and in
ali cases pensions heretofore or hereafter granted by
special acts of Congress shall be subject to bt> varied
in amount according to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws," and insert the same as
an additional section; and that the Senate agree to
the same' P. G. VAN WINKLE,
JOS. 8. FOWLER,
ALEX. RAMSEY.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
SIDNEY PERHAM,
D. POLSLEY,
L. S. TRIMBLE,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. PERHAM. If no gentleman desires
to ask me any questions I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was agreed to.
Mr. RERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sioux or dakota indians.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 478) to amend an act en-
titled "An act for the removal of the Sisseton,
Waupeton, Medawakonton, and Waukepute
bands <rf Sioux or Dakota Indians, and for the
disposition of their lands in Minnesota and
Dakota, approved March 3,1863 ; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. ALLISON moved that the hill be re-
ported to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
ihe motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
table motlon t0 reconsider be laid on the
Xhe latter motion was agreed to.
andrew 8. coke.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a joint resolu-
thTsens? f toble wMoh has beeu sent from
^ t0 co",ect an error in a bill passed
the Senfl^10"' o^al bill came from
suffioipnf ' T as?reed to> Perhaps without
iro™ lw H t'OU| aud reported favorably
e?^ilvyi of Wa*s and Means.
ate Ind i) a m, il ^aBSK(i the Sen*
ate, and they say at the Treasury Department
