368
SUPPLEMENT TO
ate; for it he lias stood in arms against the
rebellious forces of the enemy; and to it he
has bowed three times a day with a more than
eastern devotion.
And when I have heard drawn from the past
cases of impeachment and attempts at deposi-
tion, and five hundred years have been spoken
of as furnishing the precedents explored by the
honorable Managers, I have thought they found
no case wliere one was impeached for obeying
a higher duty rather than a written law regarded
as repugnant to it, and yet, familiar to every
child in this country, as well as to every scholar,
a precedent much older comes much nearer to
this expected entanglement. When the princes
came to king Darius and asked that a law
should be made that "whosoever shall ask
any petrtifen" "for thirty days, save of thee, 0
king, he shall be cast into the den of lions; "
and when the plea was made that " the law of
the Medes and Persians altereth not," and the
minister of that day, the great head and man-
ager of the affairs of the empire, was found still
to maintain his devotion to the superior law,
which made an infraction of the lower law,
then was the case when the question was
whether the power to which he had been obe-
dient was adequate to his protection against
the power that lie had disobeyed ; and now the
question is whether the Constitution is ade-
quate to the protection of the President for his
obedience to it against a law that the princes
have ordained that seeks to assert itself against
it. The result of that impeachment we all
know, and the protection of the higher power
was not withheld from the obedient servant.
The honorable Manager, [Mr. Wilson,] in
the very interesting and valuable report of the
minority of the Judicial}' Committee, enter-
tains and warns the House of the fate of im-
peachment as turning always upon those who
were ready with its ax and sword to destroy.
He gives, in tin.' language of Lord Caernarvon
on Lord Danhy's trial, a history of the whole
force of them, and everybody is turned against
in his turn that draws this sword. In this
older ease that I have referred to you may
remember in the brief narrative that we have
a history of the sequel of the iinpeachers :
"Ami they brought thoso men which had accused
Daniel, and they cast them into the den of lions,
them, thoir children, and their wives; and the lions
had the mastery of them, ami brake alt thoir bone**
in pieces urever they came at the bottom of the den."
This, then, Senators, is an issue not of po-
litical but of personal guilt within the limits of
the charge and within the limits of the proof.
Whoever decides it must so decide, and must
decide upon that, responsibility which belongs
to an infliction of actual and real punishment
upon the respondent. Wo all hold one or the
other iu trust; and when the natural life is
taken he who fiauieu it demands " Where is
thy brother?" and when under our frame of
Government, whereby the creation of all de-
partments proceeds from the people which
breathes into these departments, executive and
judicial, the breath of life, whose favor is yours
as well as the President's continuing force and
strength, asks of you, as your sentence is pro-
mulgated, " Where is 'hy brother in this Gov-
ernment whom we created and maintained
alive ?" no answer can be given that will sat-
isfy them or will satisfy you, unless it be in
truth and in fact that for his guilt he was slain
by the sword of Constitution upon (lie altar of
Justice. If that be the answer you are ac-
quit; he is condemned; and the Constitution
has triumphed, for he has disobeyed and not
obeyed it, and you have obeyed and not dis-
obeyed it.
Power does not always sway and swing from
the same center. I have seen great changes
and great evils come from this matter of un-
constitutional laws not attended to as uncon-
stitutional, but asserted, and prevailing, too,
against the Constitution, till at last the power
of the Constitution took other form than that
of peaceful, judicial determination and execu-
tion. i will put some instances of the wicked-
ness of disobeying unconstitutional laws and
of the triumph who maintained it to be right
and proper.
I knew a ease where the State of Georgia
undertook to make it penal for a Christian mis-
sionary to preach the gospel to the Indians,
and I knew by whose advice the missionary
determined that he would preach the gospel
and not obey the law of Georgia, on the assur-
ance that the Constitution of the United States
would bear him out in it; and the missionary,
as gentle as a woman, but as firm as every free
citizen of the United States ought to be, kept
on the teaching to the Cherokees.
And I knew the great leader of the moral
and religious sentiment of the United States,
who, representing in this body, and by the same
name and of the blood of one of its distin-
guished Senators now, [Mr. Frelixgiiuysex,]
the State of New Jersey, tried hard to save his
country from the degradation of the oppression
of the Indians at the instance of the haughty
planters of Georgia. The Supreme Court of
the United States held the law unconstitutional
and issued its mandate, and the Stane.of Geor-
gia laughed at it and kept the missionary in
prison, and Chief Justice Marshall and Judge
Story and their colleagues hung their heads at
the want of power in the Constitution to main-
tain the departments of it. But the war came,
and as from the clouds from Lookout Mount-
ain swooping down upon Missionary Ridge the
thunders of the violated Constitution of the
United States and the lightnings of its power
over the still home of the missionary Worces-
ter and the grave of the missionary Worcester
taught the State of Georgia what comes of vio-
lating the Constitution ot the United States.
I have seen an honored citizen of the State
of Massachusetts, in behalf of its colored sea-
men, seek to make a case by visiting South
Carolina to extend over those poor and feeble
people the protection of the Constitution of
the United States. 1 have seen hiiu attended
by a daughter and grandchild of a signer of
the Declaration of Independence and a l'ramer
of the Constitution, who might be supposed to
have a right to its protection, driven by the
power of Charleston and the power of South
Carolina, and the mob and the gentlemen
alike, out of that State and prevented from
making a case to take to the Supreme Court to
assert the protection of the Constitution. And
I have lived to see the case thus made up de-
termined that if the Massachusett s seamen, for
the support of slavery, could not have a case
made up, then slavery must cease; and I have
lived to see a great captain of our armies, a
general of the name and blood of Sherman,
sweep his tempestuous war from the mountain
to the sea, and returning home trample the
State of South Carolina beneath the tread of
his soldiery ; and 1 have thought that the Con-
stitution of the United Slates liad some pro-
cesses stronger than civil mandates that no
resistance could meet. I do not think the
people of Massachusetts suppose that efforts to
set aside unconstitutional luwsaud to make cases
for the Supreme Court of the United States,
are so wicked as is urged here by some of its
representatives ; and i believe that if we can-
not be taught by the lessons wo have learned
of obedience to the Constitution in peaceful
methods of finding out its meaning, we shall
yet need to receive some other instruction on
the subject.
The strength of every system is in its weak-
est part. Alas for that rule? But when the
; weakest part breaks, the whole is broken,
i The chain lets slip the ship when the weak
I link breaks, and the ship founders. The body
! fails when the weak function is vitally attacked ;
■ and so with every structure, social and political,
the weak point is the point of danger, and the
weak point of the Constitution is now before you
in the maintenance of the coordination of the
departments of the Government, and if one
cannot be kept from devouring another then
the experiment of our ancestors will fail. They
attempted to interpose justice. If that fails,
what can endure ?
We have come all at once to the great ex-
periences and trials of a full-grown nation, all
of which we thought we should escape. We
never dreamed that an instructed and equal
people, with freedom in every form, with a
Government yielding to the touch of popular
will so readily, ever would eome to the trials
of force against it. We never thought that
what other systems from oppression had devel-
oped—civil war—would he our fate without op-
pression. We never thought that the remedy
to get rid of a despotic ruler fixed by a Consti-
tution against the will ofthe people, would ever
bring assassination into our political experi-
ence. We never thought that political differ-
ences under an elective Presidency would bring
in array the departments of the Government
against one anothertoanticipate by ten months
the operation of the regular election. And
yet we take them all, one lifter another, and
we take them because we have grown to the
full vigor of manhood, when the strong passions
and interests that have destroyed other nations,
composed of human nature like ourselves,
have overthrown them. But we have met by
the powers of the Constitution these great
dangers—prophesied when they would arise as
likely to be our doom—the distractions of civil
strife, the exhaustions of powerful war, the
intervention of the regularity of power through
the violence of assassination. We could sum-
mon from the people a million of men and
inexhaustible treasure to help the Constitution
in its time of need. Can we summon now re-
sources enough of civil prudence and of restraint
of passion to carry us through this trial so that
whatever result may follow, in whatever form,
the people may feel that the Constitution has
received no wound ? To this court, the last and
best resort for this determination, it is to be left.
And Oh, if you could only carry yourselves
back to the spirit and the purpose and the
wisdom and the courage of the trainers of the
Government, how safe would it be in, your
hands I How safe is it now in your hands, for
you who have entered into their labors will see
to it that the structure of your work comports
in durability and excellency with theirs. In-
deed, so familiar has the course of the argu-
ment made us with the names of the men of
the Convention and of the First Congress that
I could sometimes seem to think that the pres-
ence even of the Chief Justice was replaced
by the serene majesty of Washington, and that
from Massachusetts we had Adams and Ames,
from Connecticut Sherman and Ellsworth, from
New Jersey Paterson and Boudinot, and from
New York Hamilton and Benson, and that they
were to determine this case for us. Act, then,
as if under this serene and majestic presence
your deli berations were to be conducted to their
close and the Constitution was to come out from
the watchful solicitude of these great guard-
ians of it as if from their own judgment in this
high court of impeachment.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
take a recess for fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to ; and at the expi-
ration of the recess the Chief Justice resumed
the chair and called the Senate to order.
Mr. Stanbery appeared with the counsel for
the respondent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move a call of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to ; and the roll of
Senators was called.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Forty Senators
have answered to their names. Senators will
please give their attention. The counsel for
: the President will proceed.
Hon. HENRY STANBERY, on behalf of
the respondent, addressed the Senate as fol-
j lows:
Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, it may seem
an act of indiscretion almost amounting to
temerity that in my present state of health I
, should attempt the great labor of this case. 1
| feel that in my best estate I could hardly attain
! to the height of the great argument. Careful
