2426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
man from Missouri allow me to state a single
fact? 8
Mr. PILE. I cannot yield. If I had more
time I would.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. One moment.
I will say to the gentleman from Missouri and
to the House that at this moment the mer-
chants of the city of Topeka are transporting
their, freight by oxen and horse-teams to the
city of Leavenworth, a distance of forty-five
^r-fifty miles, instead of sending ii by railroad,
and at a cheaper price.
Mr. PILE. I will come to that in a mo-
ment. Now, sir, I do not believe that there
is any practicability in this effort to regulate
this matter by legislation. It is like attempt-
ing to regulate interest on capital and the
price of bread and matters of trade and com-
merce. Such matters can only be regulated
by the laws of supply and demand and the
laws of trade. Men's ingenuity can always
find means to evade statute laws that attempt
to regulate them on questions of labor, the
price of bread in cities, the rates of interest
on money, or any kindred question.
As has been well said by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode,] if you put this
matter in the hands of three men you will be
no safer than you are now. If you attempt to
regulate it year by year, as suggested by the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Higby,] the
cost of transporting freight and passengers
varies every year or probably every six months
in proportion to the cost of the labor and mate-
rials that the road has to use in the transporta-
tion of passengers and freight, and what would
be reasonable to-day would, perhaps, be very
unreasonable either for the people or for the
road six months hence, and the rates fixed six
months from this time would, perhaps, bejust
as unreasonable six months afterwards.' All
such efforts to regulate such matters are, in my
opinion, impracticable, and can produce no
results favorable to the people. What we can
do and what we ought to do, in my judgment,
is to encourage the construction of competing
lines, and by law prevent the consolidation of
these competing lines into one or their control
by one board of directors.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr.. PRICE. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Inciersoi-l.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, while I
am ready to concede reciprocal advantages to
some extent as between railroad corporations
and the people under our railroad system, yet
we should not forget as legislators that great
public interests are endangered by the immense
accumulation of wealth—which is power—in
the hands of railroad corporations in this
country, which may at some day be wielded
to the disadvantage of the masses of the people.
While we are legislating for railroad corpora-
tions we must not forget nor neglect the
rights and interests of the people. I am not
inimical .to this gigantic enterprise. I have
been in favor from the commencement of the
Union Pacific railroad and its various branches.
I have voted for the various grants of lands
and donations of money or bonds, and I am
in favor to-day of the speedy prosecution of
this road to completion, because I believe it
will confer lasting and inestimable benefits
upon the people of the United States. But
while I am in favor of completing this great
work at the earliest possible period of time, I
am yet in favor of restricting its powers so
that it shall at all times be operated not only
to t.hc advantage of the stockholders and the
owners of the road, but to the advantage and
benefit of the people.
Now, sir, it is time that Congress should
seriously consider this most important subject.
What amount of capital is already invested in
railroads in the United States? Itisprobably
not much less than $'2,000,000,0001 Truly an
enormous sum. and nearly equal to the bonded
debt of the United States. The $300,000,000
invested in national banks is but ''a drop in
the bucket'1 compared to the amount invested
in railroad property. And yet we legislate
with reference to banks, to control them and
to restrict their power, for fear they will ag-
grandize power by their great wealth, strike
at and perhaps destroy some of the interests
and rights of the people. Now, if we have
reason to fear the power of bank capital we
have a thousand times more reason for fearing
the aggrandized power of the railroad monopo-
lies of the-country. Sir, look at New Jersey.
Have we not an illustration there of the power
of a railroad corporation, which controls the
legislation of that State, and which holds in
its vice-like grasp the political and commer-
cial destiny of that Commonwealth. Look at
the State of New York. In the consolidation
act, passed by that State some years ago, it
was provided as a condition-precedent to the
consolidation of the lines between New York
and Buffalo, that the rate of fare for the trans-
portation of passengers should not exceed the
rate fixed in the act of consolidation. Here
was an absolute limitation placed upon the
power of the railroad corporations in the inter-
est of the people. And what an immense and
persistent struggle has been going on to repeal
it from that day to this. What for? Was it
for the benefit of the people? Was it to ad-
vance commerce or to promote the interests of
the public? Not by any means. It was, and
is, that they may put their hands deeper into
the pockets of the people and enrich them-
selves at their expense.
But for that wise provision in the consolida-
tion act the New York railroads would to-day
have been a monopoly that would grind down
that people and control them politically and
otherwise, as the New Jersey railroads now
control the political interests of that State. I
now wish to call the attention of the House to
a report made by the State engineer of the
State of New York in 1855. I ask the serious
attention of members to that report made to
the Legislative Assembly of that State. They
are words of wisdom, which appeal strongly,
more strongly than any words of mine can, to
the judgment of this House. It would be well
if we, in our legislation, would follow the rec-
ommendation of that State engineer. I ask
the Clerk to read the passages which I have
marked.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ingkhsolt.] has expired.
Mr. SPALDING. Let the extracts be read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PRICE. I yield two minutes of my time
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash*
buiine.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
allow the extracts 1 have indicated to be read ?
It will take but two or three minutes.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman can print them
with his remarks.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I want to have them
read now in order that they may influence the
minds of members here.
Mr. VAN WYCIv. Let the time of the gen-
tleman from Iowa be extended sufficiently to
make up for the time the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ingehsoli.] desires.
The SPEAKER. That would require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think no objection
will be made; this is an important matter, and
we ought not to act hastily.
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
gentleman propose?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Five min-
utes.
No objection was made.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the Clerk to read
what I have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Notwithstanding the vast.advantages which the
opening of so many new and improved lines of com-
munication have conferred on the coun try, we cannot
help thinking that these advantages might have been
much greater, and that, in the instance of railway
legislation, the public interests have been over-
looked to a degree that is not very excusable. It is,
we admit, no easy matter to decide how far the in-
terference of Government should be carried in mat-
ters of this sort. But, at all events, this much is
obvious, that when Government is called upon to
pass an act authorising private parties to execute a
railway or other public work it is bound to provido,
in as far as practicable, that the public interests shall
not be prejudiced by such act, and that it should be
framed so that it should not, either when passed or
at any future period, stand in the way of the public
advantage. We believe, hon'ever, that a little con-
sideration will serve to satisfy most personsthat this
important principle has, in the ease of railways, and
indeed of most descriptions of public works, been in
this country all but wholly neglected.
"Within a few years past the railway interest has
become one of the most important in this country,
not only on account of the large pecuniary invest-
ments which have been made therein, but also on
account of the effect which its development has had
in increasing the value and changing tiie relations
of property, trade, and commerce, and m modifying
the social conditions of our people. These varied
interests and the newcircumstances which have been
called into existence by the vast and rapid expansion
of the railwnysystem, have required additional legal
enactments from time to time, but the same super-
vision and restraints of law which are considered
necessary to guard and protect otherpublic interests
have not been imposed upon this one t > an extent
commensurate with its increasing importance. The
railroad operations, in which there is a larger invest-
ment than in the banks, overwhich the law exercises
supervision, are permitted to control an immense
amount of capita.1, and interests ofthe greatest mag-
nitude, with no other check than is afforded by an
annual statement of their affairs, notoriously incor-
rect, and in many cases made so systematically, for
the purpose of concealing from the stockholders and
the public violations of law and want of fidelity to
tlicir trusts."
The SPEAKER. Three minutes of the
five have now been occupied.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
from Iowa yield to me for a few moments?
Mr. PRICE. I have not the time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent that ten minutes be given me on my own
account.
Mr. HIGBY. I shall not object if the gen-
tleman from Illinois will occupy the time him-
self. I think his remarks are much better than
what he has had read of the remarks of others.
No objection was made.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, while I
am in favor of restricting the power of these
corporations for the public good, I am also
willing that, the legislative power of Congress
shall not be used exclusively for the benefit
of the people without regard to the rights and
interests of the corporations. If a bill can be
so framed that on the one hand the people can
be protected against overcharges, and on the
other hand the companies can be protected
against a tariff which shall be too low, so that
there shall be no remuneration to them, I will
be satisfied. I do not rise here to oppose fair
legislation in the interest of railroad corpora-
tions, but at the same time I am in favor of
guarding and securing the rights and interests
of the people.
Now, it is known that these great railroad
corporations, bearing different names, and
whose roads when completed are to make a
continuous line of railway to the State of Cal-
ifornia, have the right to consolidate, and it is
probable that they will do so ; for the experi-
ence of the past warrants the assumption that
roads whose interest it is to consolidate will
Consolidate. By this means they will greatly
aggrandize their wealth and power, and they
will become so omnipotent as to defy any State
legislation. The State of California and the
other States which are to be created out of the
territory through which this road passes, and
perhaps other States, will be absolutely under
the control of this great monopoly ; and when
in this country so vast an amount of capital
and power is concentrated in one grand aggre-
gate is Congress itself free from the danger of'
being controlled by it? Now is the time to
Uput 'On the brakes.'1 Now is the time to
secure by legislative enactment the rights of
the public. If we allow our zeal in behalf
of this great work to blind us to the real inter-
ests of the peoptewe may do that which we
shall regret hereafter, when we shall not be
able to undo itwe may perpetrate a wrong
which it will be impossible for us to redress.
It is well, then, that we proceed cautiously and
wisely.
I know^ and the chairman of this committee
