18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
that there is a cry coming up to us from the J
southern States that it we decide to remove
this tax we should do so immediately for the
purpose of stimulating the production ot cotton
next year in this country. It is only for that
reason that I am willing now, at this early day
of the session, without a consideration of the
general subject of taxation, to take up the
question of the cotton tax at all. It is not in
the interest of the speculators in this article
that we are hurrying this measure forward tor
the consideration of the House. But while I
agree to this, I am amazed at my honorable
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode,] who,
contrary to all his instincts and past history on
this subject, proposes a measure of protection
here for the benefit of the producers of cotton
in India, and strikes a direct blow at the pro-
ducing interests of this country—the laboring
interests of this country—whereby he seeks to
take from the labor of this country!;'Jo,000.000,
if this tax is taken from the producers of this
cotton.
No w, one word in reply to what the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] had to say upon
this subject. He says that we ought not to take
this cotton tax off, ought not to exempt this
article from taxation, unless we are ready to
impose the burden upon some other classes ot
products in this country. For myself I am
in favor of a further reduction of taxation. I
am in favor of striking at a single blow the taxes
off every manufactured product of this coun-
try except articles of luxury, such as whisky
and tobacco. I tell him that we will not take
off $100,000,000 of taxation, because we
only received for the year ending July, 1807.
$66,000,000 from this source of revenue ;. and I
believe that we can take off that entire tax and
thus stimulate the production and energies of
the country so as to receive a compensation
from other branches of industry. I am not,
therefore, afraid of decreasing the revenue by
taking off this cotton tax, or by relieving other
branches of industry from taxation.
But not only that. The message of the Pres- ,
ident of the United States, which has just been
laid before us, informs us that after paying 1
$99,000,000 of the public debt during the last
year we have a surplus revenue, including
import duties and taxes, over and above the
expense? of the Government amounting to
$143.000,00); and if there is any one thing
which thi*> IIou<e of Representatives should
turn it? attention to it is relieving the people
from this excessive burden of taxation, and to
some extent, at least, relieving the Treasury of
the United States of the enormous load which
it is carrying now, of nearly two hundred mil-
lion dollars in the shape of surplus revenue.
I believe, therefore, that this tax should be
taken off; not off the crop produced this year,
but off the crop produced in the year 1868, and
then the men who are entitled to the benefit
of this exemption will receive it, to wit: the
poor men who produce cotton in the southern
and in the northern States.
I promised to yield a portion of my time to
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Pile,] and
I will now do so.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I believe I do not
mistake the conviction of this House in under-
standing that this tax will, by a vote of the
House, be removed, and hence upon the gen-
eral question there need not a word be said.
The only point of difference seems to be as to
when the tax shall be removed. I desire to
say a word on that point.
The principle by which we should be guided
I take to be this, namely, that if, upon an ex-
amination of the subject, we are of opinion
that a majority of the cotton produced this
ye.y is now in the hands of th? producers, and
that by removing this tax now the men, or a
majority of them, whose sweat and toil is in
the cotton will be benefited, then we ought to
remove the tax now, notwithstanding the fact
that pome speculators may be benefited by such
removal. Jf, upon the other hand, we are of
opinion, and the sources of information con-
vinoe us, that the majority of the cotton pro-
duced this year has passed out of the hands of j
the producers and is now in the hands of spec- i
ulators and traders, and that the majority of the
men engaged in the production ot cotton dur-
ing the past year will not be benefited by this
removal of the tax at once, then we ought not
to remove it.
So far as my information extends, running
through Arkansas, southwestern Missouri, and
northwestern Texas, it is to the effect that the
producers have in most cases retained posses-
sion of the cotton, in many instances securing
advance money on the cotton, as indicated by
the gentleman from Illinois, upon contracts
agreeing to deliver the cotton to the purchaser,
but to deliver it to him at their own option,
between the time of the contract and the 1st
of March next, at the market price when deliv-
ered.
The major portion of the cotton produced in
this section is, therefore, now in the hands of
the producer. They have received advances
through the trader and purchaser, the price of
the cotton to be fixed at the time the cotton is
delivered.
All concede that the producer of cotton dur-
ing the past year has labored under great em-
barrassment and difficulty from the liiih price
of labor and material, and that he cannot, in
the most favorable condition of the market,
realize a fair remuneration for his capital and
his labor. If this be true, and this cotton, or
' the greater portion of it. is now in the hands
of the producer, as 1 believe it is, it seems to
me clear that the tax ought to be removed,
and to be removed at once.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GUIS WOLD obtained the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
from New York [Mr. GrisWold] will yield I
will submit a motion to adjourn.
Mr. GRISW0LD. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
constitutional amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Before the motion
to adjourn is made I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the House, on
yesterday, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary a joint resolut ion -introduced by me,
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will be entered upon the Journal.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now move that the
House adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to; and
accordingly (at four o'clock and five minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
> By Mr. BUCKLAND: The petition of N.
B. Mason, private company A seventy-second
Ohio volunteer infantry, for return of money
taken from him while a prisoner of war.
Also, the petition of Isaac Leonard, private
twenty-second United States infantry, for in-
crease of pension.
Also, the petition of A. W. Lucky and 47
others, citizens of Ottawa county, Ohio, for the
improvement of the mouth of the Portage
river.
By Mr. CARY: A memorial one hundred
and fifty-two feet in length, signed by citizens
representing the leading mercantile firms, agri-
culturists, and workingmen in Yanderburg
county, Indiana; St. Louis county, Missouri;
Massac and Pope counties, Illinois ; Livingston
and Calloway counties, Kentucky; Marion dis-
trict, South Carolina; Franklin, Napier, and
Leon counties, Florida ; Calhoun, Galveston,
and Lockhart, counties, Texas ; Jefferson, Lau-
derdale, Colbert, Mobile, Montgomery, and
Elmore counties, Alabama; Independence,
Cross, and St. Francis counties, Arkansas;
Richmond, Robeson, Orange^New Hanover,
Anson, Columbia, and Duplin counties, North
Carolina; Chickasaw, Madison, Hinds, Holmes,
Carroll, Bolivar, and Covington counties, Mis-
sissippi ; Memphis, Hardin, Davidson, Frank-
lin, Carroll, Madison, and Benton counties,
Tennessee; Bibb, Fulton, Troup, Walton,
Houston, Decatur, and Thomas couuties,
Georgia; New Orleans, Madison, and St.
Mary's parishes, Louisiana.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of G.
Heavenconrt and 1;? others, brewers, of Cincin-
nati, Ohio, praying that a discount of fifteen
per cent, be allowed on the purchase of rev-
enue stamps instead of seven and a half per
cent., as now provided by law.
By Mr. GETZ: The memorial of 115 citi-
zens of Windsor township, Berks county, Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating againsUlie passage of
any act by Congress extending the right of suf-
frage to persons of color in said State contrary
to the will of the people thereof.
By Mr. JENCIvES: The petition of Lyman
L. Swan, for allowance of pay under act of
March 3, 1865.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 18 citi-
zens of Louisiana, praying a forfeiture of the
lands granted to southern railroads in 18o0,
and that they be opened to homestead entry
and settlement.
Also, the petition of 42 citizens of Wayne
county, Indiana, praying Congress to grswit tq
the Indians the rights of citizenship, of own-
ership of the soil, to sue in the courts of
the United States, and other particular and
general relief.
By Mr. PERHAM : The petition of James
Welch, for increase of pension.
By Mr. PIKE : The petition of R. C. Jones,
for extra allowance for services.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 4, 1867.
Hon. Timothy 0. Howe, of Wisconsin,
appeared in his seat to-day.
Prayer by Rev. Edward Eggleston, of
Chicago, Illinois.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
constitutional amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Nebraska ratifying the amendment
proposed by Congress as the Fourteenth Arti-
cle of the Constitution of the United States;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of a convention of Federal officers
and soldiers from the State of Kentucky, pro-
testing that certain battle-flags presented to
them and placed in the hands of the Governor
of the State of Kentucky for safe keeping shall
not pass into the possession of persons whom
they consider as disloyal citizens; which were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
I and the Militia.
j Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of Joel
E. Parr, praying for compensation for prop-
' erty taken and destroyed by the military forces
of the United States in the year 1864; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Michigan in favor of an
appropriation of money to improve the harbor
at the mouth of the Sheboygan river ; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Michigan in favor of the substitution
of even for odd sections in the appropriation
of lands to aid in the construction of a wagon-
road from Grand Rapids to Mackinaw, and a
wagon-road from Saginaw City to the same
point; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of James St.
John, praying for an appropriation for the pay-
ment of the reward offered for the capture of
Jefferson Davis; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented addi-
tional papers ia relation to the claim of A.
