1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1
<19
Burwell for property taken and used by the
United States Army at Yicksliurg; which were j
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HENDERSON presented the memorial
of the Chamber of Commerce of New Orleans,
praying aid for deepening one or more of the
outlets of the Mississippi river, and in the
rebuilding of the levees of the Mississippi river,
the removal of obstructions to the navigation i
of the Mississippi, Missouri, and Ohio rivers,
and the construction of canals or railways
across the Isthm^-of Central America; which ,
was referred to * Committee on Commerce.
Mr. POMBEOY presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of Charles and Ilenry
W. Spencer for the loss of their trading-boat
"0. K.which, with the papers on file re-
lating to the same subject, were referred to the
Committee on Claims.
TAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Frederick Vincent,
administrator of James LeCaze, late of the firm of
LeCaze it Mallet, praying the payment of a balance
due for advances made by them during the revolu-
tionary war, bo withdrawn from tho files of tho Sen-
ate and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I move that H. H. Booly
have leave to withdraw certain testimonials and
papers heretofore filed and referred to one of
the committees of the Senate. They consist
of letters received recommending him, upon
which action was taken, in regard to a pen-
sion. He wishes now to withdraw them that
he may have the originals to use.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. Has there
been any adverse report in the case ?
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir. I ought to have
stated that there was no adverse report. Favor-
able legislation was had on the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
will bp made of course.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the reply of
the Secretary of the Treasury to a resolution
of the Senate adopted on Friday last in rela-
tion to certain captured and abandoned prop-
erty, an order for the printing of which was
rescinded on Monday, be printed for the use
of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
POINT SAN JOSE MI LIT Alt V RESERVATION.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Acting Secretary of War be
requested to communicate to the Senate copies of
any reports in the War Department from the com-
manding ojicer of the division of the Pacific con-
cerning the reduction of the military reservation of
Point San Jose, together with copies of any maps
connected with such report.
president's annual message.
Mr. DRAKE. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
A concurrent resolution in relation to the annual
message of the President of the United States.
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the President of the United
States, in declaring in his annual message to the two
Houses of Congress at the present session that the
acts heretofore passed by those Houses in relation to j
tlie reconstruction of the insurrectionary States "are
not only objectionable for their assumption of un- I
granted power but many of their provisions are in I
conflict with the direct prohibitions of the Constitu- !
tion," and that those acts are "as plainly uneonsti-
tutionalasanythatean beimagined," has transcended
the just limits of his constitutional prerogative to
"give to the Congress information of the state of the
Union, and recommend to their consideration such
measures as heshall judgenecessary and expedient;"
that the use of such language by him in his official
character is, in our judgment, calculated to derogate
from the rightful authority of the law-making power
of tho nation and to incite insubordination, if not
violent resistance, to laws which it is his duty as Presi-
dent to "take care shall be faithfully executed
that, as between the Congress and the President, the
former is tlie exclusive and final judge, in the first
instance, of the conformity of its acts to the Constitu-
tion ; and that w'.icn any act hns been passed by two
thirds "i both Houses over the President's objections
any subsequent oflieial denouncement of it by him a3
unconstitutional, in the absence of any adjuuication
to that effect by the supreme judiciary of tho nation,
ia a departure from elBcial propriety, and a broach
of official obligation, justifying and calling for dis-
tinct reprehension on the part of the Senate and the
House of Representatives.
This being a concurrent resolution I suppose
that under the rules of the Senate it will prop-
erly lie over till another day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
over if it is objected to of course.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask that it lie on the table
and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
j will be made.
AMERICAN AND IiRITISTI CLAIMS.
| Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
| lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
j Besolved, That the President of the United States
; be requested to communicate to tlie Senate, if in his
I opinion not incompatible with the public interest,
; copies of any correspondence between the Govern-
ment of the United States anil tho Government of
Great Britain relating to existing claims of these
Governments on each other.
j EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message of the President of the
United States in response to a resolution of
November 2(5 calling for the correspondence
with Mr. Motley, late minister to Austria;
which, on motion of Mr. Sumner, was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Actiug Secretary of War in response to a
resolution of November 27, including papers
relating to the case of Fitz John Porter, late
an officer of the Army; which, on motion of
Mr. Si'mnkr, were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered
to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation of the Secretary of the Navy, in obe-
dience to the act of March 2,18G7, transmitting
a report of a board of naval officers appointed
to investigate the claims of contractors for
building vessels of war and steam machinery
under contracts made between May 1, 1861,
and January 1, 1804; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
160) extending the" provisions of the pension
laws to provost marshals, deputy provost mar-
shals, and enrolling officers killed or wounded
in the discharge of their duties; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 161)
to amend an act entitled "An net to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2, 1867, and the sev-
eral acts amendatory thereto; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that this
bill is to change that provision of the law which
requires that a majority of all the registered
voters should vote at an election in order to
effect a result, and to provide that a majority of
the votes actually cast shall determine the result.
The effect of the present provision has been
precisely what I supposed it would be when we
passed the original act, and what I and others
then predicted. 1 propose to change the law so
that a majority of the votes cast shall determ-
ine the result in adopting the constitutions that
have been formed. I move that the bill be
printed and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 162)
for the relief of the heirs of Simeon Castro
and their assigns; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
rladensburg turnpike road.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred several peti-
tions of citizens of the District of Columbia,
praying that the proprietors of the turnpike
road between the city of Washington and the
| boundary line of the District of Columbia at
Bladensburg may bo compelled to comply with
the requirements oftheir charter, have instruct-,
ed me to report them back, and ask to be dis-
charged from their further consideration. On
looking into the law it will tie found that the
act of 1810, under which this road was ,char-
: tered, provided that if the corporation should
! at any time suffer the road to be out of repair
1 it should be liable to be presented for such,
neglect before any court of competent jurisdic-
tion, and on conviction subjected to a fine
of $100; and the corporation is also subjected
by its charter to a suit for damages sustained
by any person in consequence of a want of
repair of the road; and a subsequent act, passed
in I860, makes it the duty of the levy court of
the District to inquire and decide whether any
; road in the county of Washington, held by any
incorporated company, has been and is at the
time of such inquiry kept in the condition
required by the charter thereof, and if not, to
! take legal proceedings to acquire possession of
the same as other county roads.
This being the law, the committee were of
opinion that there was ample authority for
compelling this corporation to put the road in
| repair or tor condemning it through the levy
| court and making It a county road. According
I to the statements of the petitions the road is
1 very much out of repair and should receive the
attention of the levy court; but in the opinion
of the committee no legislation is necessary,
^ and they therefore ask to be discharged from
the further consideration of the subject.
The report was agreed to. ' -
QUORUM OE THE SUPREME COURT.
Mr, TRUMBULL, from the Committee, on
the Judiciary, reported a bill (S. No. 163)
declaring what shall constitute a quorum of
the Supreme Court, and asked for its present
consideration.
The bill was read twice and considered as in
Committee of the Whole, by unanimous con-
sent. It provides that any number of the
justices; 101 the Supreme Court of the United
| States, not lassythan five, and being a majority
I of the court, shall constitute a quorum.
I Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state the reason
for the bill. The court formerly consisted of
1 ten members, and at that time the law required
! six to constitute a quorum. As the law now
stands the court is to be reduced to seven, as
vacancies occur ; it is already reduced to eight :
and the justices of the court, I am informed,
I find- a difficulty in making up the quorum of
six; and it will be still more difficult wheD
there are but seven on the bench. One or two
of tlie judges at this time are unwell, and of
the whole number, eighty it requires six to
constitute a quorum. This bill provides thai
five shall constitute a quorum, there being now
but eight judges, and that it shall also require
that many even when the court is reduced to
seven.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. The bill is the same, I
suppose, with the one determined upon by the
committee?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Fixing the quorum at five ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes ; five.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is very desirable it
should pass. The court was very near being
without a quorum to-day, and the probability
is, in the present condition of things, that it
may be often without a quorum during the
session.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; was read the third time, and
passed.
executive business.
Several messages of an executive character
were received from the President of the Uni-
i ted States, by Mr. R. Johnson, his Secretary.
