1404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom were re-
ferred the petitions of M. F. Carleton, Clinton
G. Stees, Charles Robidon, Willard W. Gla-
zier, and Greenburg Hodge, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration, and
that they be referred to the Committee on
Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the follow-
ing bills, reported them severally with amend-
ments :
A bill (H. R. No. 373) to place the name
of Mahala A. Straight upon the pension-rolls
of the United States;
_ A bill (H. R. No. 453) increasing the pen-
sion of Nancy Weeks, widow of Francis Weeks,
a soldier of the war of 1812;
A bill (H. B. No. 458) granting a pension
to John Kelley;
A bill (li. K. No. 456) granting a pension
to the minor children of Pleasant Stoops;
_A bill (II. R. No. 510) for the relief of the
widow and minor children of Benjamin B.
Naylor, late a pilot on the gunboat tatapsco ;
A bill (H. R. No. 521) to place the name of
Solomon Zachman on the pension-rolls; and
A bill (II. li. No. 525) granting apcnsionto
Jeremiah T. Ilallett.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 389) exempting property in the District of
Columbia held and used for school purposes
from local taxation ; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 390) to create a superintcndency of Indian
affairsforMontanaand Idaho Territories; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introd'uce a bill (S.
No. 391) to provide for the incorporation of
religious societies in the District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 392) granting a pension to Ezra Rodgers,
a soldier of the war of 1812; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 393) to authorize the construction of a
bridge over the Mississippi river in Madison
county, State of Illinois; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say, in ref-
erence to this bill, that ithas been prepared and
handed to me with a request that 1 should in-
troduce it. I have not had time to examine it
carefully, and do not wish to be considered as
committed to its provisions. I move its ref-
erence to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATIVES OF NOAII SMITH.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution ; which was referred to the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contin-
gent Expenses of die Senate:
lieftohpd, Thatthere be paid, out of thfi contingent
fund of the Senate, to the legal representatives of
Noah Smith, deceased, late principal legislative
clerk in the office of the Secretary of the Senate,
$300 for funeral expenses, and three months' pay of
the said Noah Smith.
BALANCES IN THE TREASURY.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
850) to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the prompt settlement of public ac-
counts," approved March 3, 1817.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It provides that the act of March 8, 1817,
entitled "-An act, to provide for the prompt
settlement of public accounts," shall not be
construed to authorize the heads of Depart-
ments to change or modify the balances that
may be certified to them by the Commissioner
of Customs or the Comptrollers of the Treasury,
but that such balances, when stated by the
Auditor and properly certified by the Comp-
troller as provided by that act, shall be taken
and considered as final and conclusive upon
the executive branch of the Government, and
be subject to revision only by Congress or the
proper courts; but the head of the proper De-
partment, before signing a warrant for any bal-
ance certiiied to him by a Comptroller, may
submit to such Comptroller any facts, in his
judgment, affecting the correctness of such
balance, but the decision of the Comptroller
thereon shall be final and conclusive.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. SPKAGUE. Will the Senator from
Oi'egon state to the Senate the object of this
change ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will make a brief ex-
planation of the bill, to satisfy the Senator
from Rhode Island and others who do not fully
understand its meaning and effect.
During many years there has been a contro-
versy between the Treasury Department and
the other Departments of the Government as
to the construction of the act to provide for
the prompt settlement of public accounts,
passed March 3, 1817; and the object of this
bill is to determine that controversy and con-
fer upon the Treasury Department the exclu-
sive right to settle and adjust all accounts. The
act of 1817, after abolishing the accounting
officers of the other Departments, provided by
the second section—
"That from and after the said 3d day of March
next, all claims and demands whatover by the Uni-
ted States or against them, and all accountswhat-
ever in which the United States are concerned, either
as debtors or ai cieditois, sii.ill be settled and ad-
justed in the Treasury Department."
Manifestly intending, as the Committee on
Finance construe this section of the aet, and,
as it lias been construed by the oflicers of the
Treasury Department, to give to that Depart-
ment the exclusive right to settle and adjust
all accounts to which the United States may
be a party. To confirm that view of the sub-
ject, it is piovided that, when any dispute
arises as to any account, it is to be referred
with the accompanying testimony to one of the
Auditors; the account is to be considered by
the Auditor, and lie, if in his judgment it is
necessary, takes testimony in reference to the
correctness of the account. When he has duly
eoutideied the case, he makes liis finding,
either one way or the other, for or against the
claim : and this finding of the Auditor is tiaus-
mitted with nil the accompanying evidence to
the proper Comptroller, who reviews the action
of the Auditor, and determines whether his find-
ing is correct or not. If, in the judgment of
the Comptroller it is correct, lie affirms it; if
not, he niodilies, changes, or reverses it, as in
his judgment may be proper and necessary.
\\ hen the Comptroller has made his decision,
if there be a balance fund due to the claimant,
he certifies that balance to the head of the De-
partment in which the account originated, for
the purpose of enabling the headofthat Depart-
ment to make a requisition upon the Treasury
Department for the necessary amount of money
to pay that account; and it has been claimed
by the other Departments, and particularly by
the War Department, that this provision of
the law authorizing^ the head of the Depart-
ment to issue a requisition for the amount cer-
tified toby the Comptroller authorizes the head
of the Department to renew and reexamine the
finding of the Treasury Department. Accord-
ing to the opinion of the Committee on Finance,
this is an incorrect construction of the law;
for the law only requires the Comptroller to
certify a balance to the head of the proper
Department, while all the papers pertaining to
the case, and all the evidence that has been
considered by the Auditor and by the Comptrol-
ler is filed with the Auditor, and the head of the
Department in which the account originates
has no legal access to those papers, and there-
fore is not competent to readjudicate the ques-
tion involved.
Now, the object of this bill is simply to carry
out the manifest intent of this law. I shall
not proceed to state the very many reasons
that might be suggested for putting this con-
struction upon the act, because it is manifestly
necessary that for tlie purpose of preserving
regularity and system in the accounts of the
United States they should be adjusted at the
Treasury Department; and the object of author-
izing the requisition to come from the head of
the proper Department is not to enable that De-
partment to review the action of the Treasury
Department, but simply to enable the head of
the Department to know the condition of the
funds which have been appropriated to the use
of that Department.
Many decisions and conflicting decisions
have been made by the different officers of the
Government as to the construction of this law.
Several of the Attorneys General, including
Wirt, Taney, and Crittenden, have decided in
favor of the construction put on this act by
the Committee on Finance, and their decisions
have beeu affirmed by some of the Presidents.
General Jackson and Mr. Fillmore both took
this view of the aet. I know that some of the
other Attorneys General, including, I believe,
the present Attorney General, have taken a
different view of the question. It is desirable
that there should be an end to this controversy,
because persons who have accounts against
the Government are compelled to sutler in
consequence of the delay that is occasioned by
it; and in the unanimous judgment of the Com-
mittee on Finance this bill should be passed to
settle it.
The Senate will see that the bill provides
that if there be any facts within the knowledge
of the head of any Department that, in his judg-
ment, will have any effect upon the finding of
the Comptroller, he is to submit those facts to
the Comptroller, and the Comptroller proceeds
to review his decision in the light of the facts
submitted to him by the head of the Depart-
ment ; but the finding, whatever it may be, by
the Comptroller shall be conclusive, so that
there may be uniformity, regularity, and sys-
tem preserved in the accounts of the Treasury
Department.
I do not know that any further explanation
of the bill is necessary; but if it be so. of
course any difficulties that occur to gentlemen
will be suggested.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time, and
passed.
PRESENTATION OF BILLS TO THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 306, which was.under considera-
tion yesterday morning.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
as in Committee of the hole resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 3G6) regulating
the presentation of bills to the President and
the return of the same.
Mr. DxiVIS. Mr. President, I expressed
some doubts yesterday whether this bill ought
to pass, and the slight reflection I have since
given to the^ subject lias confirmed me in the
opinion that it ought not to pass. I believe that
the rule established by the Constitution is about
as^ plain as any legislation can make it, and cer-
tainly I think that the legislation proposed is
improper.
It seems to me that every Congress and every
I resident ought to be left free to construe the
rule which the Constitution has adopted in
relation to the passage of bills that may have
been vetoed by the President. I think each
Congress and each President have the right to
