M52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by the person who is to pay the tax founded
upon the return of that officer. Wherever that
J9 allowed, whether intended or not, it is an
invitation to fraud and will always result in
fraud.
Mr. SCHENCK. As a general rule, all that
can be considered as the compensation or
salary of ofiicers, I think myself should be
paid by the Government. But this case is dif-
ferent. I he tees here are in the nature of
costs and expenses attending the preparation
of the tax-paid property for the market. It is
true wo have provided that the law shall con-
™e,ai!t 1S now; that these fees shall be
paid by the owner of the property. But we
have provided that those fees shall go to the
collector who, under his bond and obligation,
takes care of them, and makes distribution of
them at the close of each month.
Then there is a further provision that no
gauger shall receive more than $3,000 a year,
bentlemen are aware that the law, as it now
stands, is very loose upon this subject. While
it permits the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue to fix the fees for the gauging and in-
spection of whisky. oil, and other matters of
that kind, the fees are so irregular at different
places that we find it so happens that some
gaugers are receiving at the rate of $56,000 a
year. We have separated the offices. We
have abolished the office of inspector and only
retained the office of gauger. Yes, sir, the
amount paid in fees for gauging oil was $63,000.
I cannot answer as to whisky. I do not think
the whisky inspectors receive in the same pro-
portion. In some instances in Brooklyn and
.New York, where the business is very large,
the allowances for inspection have been very
large indeed. I have one recent case in my
f^SoAA re^ees one iQSPector amounted
to $>800, an inspector who employs two boys to
assist him, and that is only one half of what the
law allowed him; but they compromised and
he took one half of what the law allowed him.
ihe result is that favorite inspectors have all
the business thrown into their hands. And we
have a provision, also, correcting this. We
provide that the mere fees shall go into the
hands of the collector and shall be distributed
equally. This prevents the filling of the pocket
of one and starving another, if more than one
is necessary. And by the limitation that they
shall not receive more than $3,000 a year I
think we provide against multiplying these
appointments. We have prepared this with
great care after having all the facts before us,
and I hope it will be permitted to stand.
Ihe question was taken on Mr. Kooktz's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. MULLINS. I wish to move that there
be inserted in this section a provision requiring
all these officers to take the oath prescribed
by the United States, I mean the iron-clad
oath. My idea is that all these collectors, in-
spectors, and assessors should be compelled to
take that oath. I do not want this business
to £o into the hands of men who have tried to
break up this Government, and who have met
us m dreadful battle. In one place in my
county they have appointed a guerrilla
A Member. A gorilla? [Laughter.]
Mr. MULLINS. I will call him a gorilla
it it will please the gentleman. [Renewed
laughter.] I want these men all compelled to
take the iron-clad" oath. Perhaps a pro*
viso can be added to this bill to answer my
purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK. The general law now
requires that all officers shall take that oath.
Mr. MULLINS. If that be so it affords me
great relief. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. JUDD. We have now reached the
point when the suspended amendments to the
first section were to be acted on.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendments are
as follows: The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schejick] moved the following:
Insert after the vvoifl "thereof," "before removal
irom the distillery warehouse, except as otherwise
provided by this act;" so it will read:
That there shall be levied and collected on all dis-
tilled spirits on which the tax prescribed by law has
June 24,
not been paid a tax of fifty conts on each and every
proof gallon, to be paid by the distiller, owner, or any
person having possession thereof, before removal
irom the distillery, warehouse, &c.
To that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Judd] moved the following amendment:
Strike out the words " except as otherwise pro-
vided by this act."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; the amendment, as amended, was
adopted.
_Mr. BOUT WELL. I do not think the com-
mittee understood that amendment.
Mr. JUDD. Yes, we did.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I wish to move an
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order to the first section.
Ihe Clerk read the next section in order, as
follows:
Sec. 49. And be it further enacted. That the col-
iS ?^°4fIntt„ern,alr,ernue any p,ort of ontry the
ti shall have ehargo of all matters relat-
iwt «pSr tVoni om said l,0rt of articles sub-
ject to tax under the laws to provide internal rev-
wiSfthU n'- ° suo* ;'.e®ulations. not inconsistent
with tho provisions of this act, as tho Commissioner
nf KeTepuemay prescribe; and at any port
of entry where there la more than one collector of
internal revenue, the said Commissioner shall desig-
nate one of said collectors to be collector m charge
of exports, whose duty it shall be to have charge of
all matters relating to exportations as aforesaid
th SnC po- -ot cntryi and at s«oh ports of entry,
as the Commissioner ot Internal Revenue may deem
necessary there shall be an oflicor appointed by him
w£po"Jten5 a'l. matters of exportation and draw-
back, under the direction of the said collector, to be
J11' of exports, whose compen-
s.mSSnFT ^ be I)re?orll'e(l by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, but shall not excecd in
any case an annual rate of $2,000, excepting at New
York, where the compensation shall not exceed an
annual rate of &3,000, And any books, papers and
documents in the respective ports relating to the
drawback of taxes paid under the-internal revenue
laws shall be delivered to said collector of internal
revenue m charge of exports; and any collector of
mtetnal revenue, or superintendent of exports and
nn )S; $ ^vo authority to administer such
SSrw ? certify to such papers as may bo necessary
j j it and regulations that may be pre-
scribed under tho authority herein conferred.
Mr. ALLISON,
foregoing section.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to amend the
section by adding to it what I send to the Chair
Ihe Clerk read as follows :
The Commissioner of Internal Eevenue shall au-
thorize such distillers as may apply to bo so author-
ized, and as ho may deem suitable, distillers of alco-
hol and spirituous .liquors for export. Persona so
authorized may distill alcohol and spirituous liquors
for export and for tho uses specified and authorized
in sections fifty-six, fifty-soven, fifty-eight and fiftv
nine of this act, and for no other purpose'; and dis-
tillers not so authorized shall not distill alcohol or
spirituous liquors for export or for the purposes^
cified in said sections. All provisions of this act
relating to the transportation of distilled spirits in
bond shall be limited to spirits produced by persons
designated as authorized by this section.
I move to strike out the
Mr. BOUTWELL. The effect of this amend-
ment, with some slight alterations in the bill
will be to limit the manufacture of alcohol and
spirituous liquors for exportation or use in the
production of chemicals and medicines, and for
the preservation of anatomical preparations, to
a small number of distilleries to be designated
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. No
spirits except those produced by those persons
specially designated can be transported in bond
Ihe duties on all other spirits are to be paid at
the distillery warehouse. The effect of this
will be to enable the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue to put this business of manufacturing
lor export into the hands of the most responsi-
ble persons m the business, in the best collec-
tion districts where the officers are faithful in
the discharge of their duty. He will be able
also to know exactly over what route this spirit
is transported from the distilleries producing it
to the bonded warehouses at the ports of entry
from whence it is to be shipped to foreign
countries. The whole of this business does
not amount at present to more than four or five
million gallons. Therefore the very amount of
spirits sent forward by these people, taken in
connection with the amount exported, will
always be a check upon the business.
11 this amendment is adopted I shall follow
it up by a further proposition to amend the
bill so that spirits manufactured and trans-
ported in bond for,.exportation and for these
other purposes, shall not be withdrawn from
the bonded warehouse upon the payment of
the tax under any circumstances whatsoever.
For it is within my experience in office that
when authority was given to send forward in
bond spirits for export, thousands and millions
of'gallons were,sent off by distillers for the
purpose of getting back the payment of the
duties. This same provision I think is con-
tained in the bill of the committee.
Mr, SCHENCK. In the other bill, not in
this.
Mr. BOUTWELL. There are two ways in
which business can be done, if it is to be done
at all. One is to allow every distiller to send
forward spirits in bond for export. Another
to allow a limited number ot distillers, not
many, perhaps half a dozen, to cfo that busi-
ness. Another is to allow a drawback, which
is a system open to all sorts of fraud. Now,
then, as between these three ways I think this
which I offer is the best, inasmuch as it limits
the business of sending in bond to a very small
number of distillers to be selected by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, instead of hav-
ing every distiller in the country authorized to
send forward in bond upon a statement made
by him that he intends his spirits for exporta-
tion.
Mr. JUDD. It seems to me the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has precisely as many virtues in it for
the protection of the revenue as the sections
we are contending against. The remarkable
feature of the amendment is its generous con-
fidence. Now, I am not prepared to delegate
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, or amy
other public functionary, the dictation and
declaration as to what amount, in what form,
and in what manner we shall collect the taxes
that belong to the Government, That is the
result of this amendment. It places the power
in the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to
name just as many distilleries for export as in
his discretion he sees fit. Now, then, what is
there to prevent his naming every distillery in
the United States ?
. Mr. BOUTWELL. I propose that we put
m the bill a provision that spirits sent forward
in bond for export shall never be withdrawn
from the bonded warehouse upon payment of
the tax. _ They just put their spirits into a safe
from which it cannot be withdrawn till it goes
through the port of entry to a foreign country,
iney cannot get their spirits out, and no more
persons will go into the business than the busi-
ness can support.
Mr. J UDD. My friend has more confidence
n bonds than I have, and in transportation
bonds than I have ; and toward the close of
his first remarks he illustrated how easily
when you provide for transportation in bond
tor a particular purpose, the effect of the law
might be evaded.
I repeat again that the provision, as I under-
stand it, gives power to the Commissioner of
inteinal Revenue to name every distillery in
Fni States as a distillery to manufacture
beW°i !ortf?P.or^tlo - Now,- then, if, as we
nrit A llA bu8mess of transportation and
lit tv<' fxP°rtat;°n there is fraud that we
fj3 §uard against, I have not gen-
tn rtfo ^On{lde.no.e en°ugh to allow this power
to the Commissioner of Internal Kcvcnue. I
am tor determining for ourselves, by legisla-
!?1? i W? CaI?; 'n w^at manner distilled spirits
handled, in what places and at what
point the tax shall be collected. I may bp
entirely mistaken, but I think I see in this
power proposed to be conferred on the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue a power which
it fraudulently exercised, if improvident^ ex-
tE?1 Ifu"w'se'y exercised would get rid of
in tK «Te,e ? restriction incorporated
LtJfifl1 wctwaof the bJI, which£qni
the tax to be paid at the distillery. That has
been determined upon, and I think I see in the
practical operation of this amendment a return
