20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
PRINTING OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing. to whom was referred a resolution to print
the message of the President of the t nited
States, with the reports of the heads of Depart-
ments. without the accompanying documents,
and three thousand additional copies, have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage ; and I ask
for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
He*olv*d. That the message of the President of the
United States, with the reports of the kead9 of De-
partments, without the accompanyinK documents, be
printed, and that three thousand additional copies
be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Is that a resolution re-
ported by the Committee on Printing?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. HOWARD. I would rather it should
lie over.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it had better be
disposed of now. The objection of the Sena-
tor comes too late. There was no objection
made to the consideration of the resolution,
and it was before the Senate. 1 do not care
what is done with it; but I will state to the
Senator that this is merely a resolution to print
the message and the reports of the heads of
Departments without the accompanying doc-
uments.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to have the
resolution reported agaia.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, under ordi-
nary circumstances I should not make a single
remark on such a resolution as this; but, con-
sidering the nature of the message itself, which
was sent to both Houses of Congress yester-
day, I am obliged to say now in my place that
I cannot vote for the printing of the Presi-
dent's message. I do not think it is worthy
of that attention, especially as to the extra
number which the resolution calls for. I list-
ened with as much attention as I was able to
bestow yesterday to the reading of that strange
document, and since then I have perused it
myself in my room carefully; and, without
going into any discussion of the merits of the
document, I am obliged to say now that I re-
gard it, so far as it treats of tlw reconstruction
acts of Congress, as a libel upon Congress and
upon every member of the body who, by vote
or word, favored those enactments. I will not
appropriate the public moneys for publishing,
nor will I myself be instrumental in publishing
to the world what I regard as a most singular
and wanton libel on the two Houses of Con-
gress who enacted those laws, and a libel on
the laws themselves. I look upon that docu-
ment as an insidious but unmistakable invita-
tion to the people of the rebel States to use
violence in resistance of that legislation, and
of course as such it is an act on the part of
the President entirely unconstitutional and
revolutionary in its character. For these rea-
sons, very briefly stated, I cannot vote for the
printing of the President's message, so-called.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am quite indifferent
what disposition the Senate makes of this reso-
lution. It is important that all resolutions for
printing should be disposed of promptly, be-
cause it is very inconvenient to keep the type
standing. The President's message and all
the documents included in this resolution are
printed under an act of Congress. This reso-
lution is to print the usual number of extra
copies, three thousand, which is much less
than the old number, of the reports of the
heads of the Departments, without the docu-
ments. I suppose we are not going to estab-
lish a precedent that the Senate will print
nothing but what it approves. If so, it will at
least have the good effect of cutting down the
expenses of the printing considerably.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, there was
one part of the President's message which we
heard read yesterday which I approved ; it was
the suggestion recommending economy in our
expenses. I believe with him that we  honld
begin to reduce the expenses of this Govern-
ment. W(j cannot begin at a better time than
now, and we cannot do it at a bettor place than
in the public printing. I have no doubt that
with very little care we shall serve all our
constituents properly, as they should be, with
documents and save at least $1,000,000 in
the course of a year. I do not know what the
printing has cost lately, but I am aware that
it has grown up to an immense sum. The
cost of the printing of Congress some fifteen
years ago, including paper and everything else,
amounted to about seven or eight hundred
thousand a year. I believe it has got up to
some millions now. I can see no use in print-
ing these extra documents and then encum-
bering our desks and our committee-rooms
with them. Everybody before this time has
read the President's message. It has been
published in the newspapers, and a sufficient
number has been printed by the public printer
to supply the Senators who may desire to
have some extra copies to send to their con-
stituents. I do not know how many are printed
of course under the law, but I believe a couple
of thousand. Surely, then, there is no neces-
sity for these additional copies. It cannot be
intended as a compliment to the President to
print these extra numbers, but the truth is it
has become a habit, and, like all other bad
habits which Senators and Representatives
have become accustomed to, the ordering of
this printing is done without reflection. It is
time that we should begin to economize. The
taxes have become more than the people can
bear, and we must begin somewhere. It would
be wise to show that we begin here at home,
in our own household, and therefore I oppo.se
the printing of these extra numbers now, and
I shall continue during my service here to try
to reduce the expenses of printing.
Mr. ANTHONY. It might be well to print
that part of the message of which the Senator
from Pennsylvania approves. The document
might be printed in detachments, and each
Senator might send forward to his constituents
as much of it as he approves of.
I rise merely to say that I am glad to have
an opportunity to correct a very prevalent error
which has gone over the country, much to the
damage of the reputation of Congress for econ-
omy. It is not true that the printing of Con-
gress is larger now than it was a great many
years ago when the country was much smaller,
and when the objects to which the public print-
ing was directed were much less numerous.
The printing now, which swells up to millions,
is the printing not only of the two Houses of
Congress, butforthe Departments. The print-
ing for the Treasury Department is enormous.
Of course all the blanks for the Internal Reve-
nue Bureau, and all the books in which the
returns of the internal revenue officers are
kept, are printed at the Congressional Printing
Office, ana their cost goes into the expense of
printing. This printing undoubtedly might
be done cheaper elsewhere than here ; it might
be done cheaper in Hartford or in Boston
than in Washington; but there is a very great
reason for having it all done here, because it
is essential that the blanks shall be uniform,
that they shall be identical, and that the blanks
which are sent out to the different officers and
the books which contain the returns should be
printed not only in the same style, but upon
the same plates. It tends to accuracy and to
responsibility, and to the verification of the
accounts. It is for that reason that the Com-
mittee on Printing never have recommended
that these blanks should be printed elsewhere,
where they could undoubtedly be printed
cheaper. But the printing of Congress—the
printing of the two Houses of Congress alone
is less to-day than it was six or eight years
ago, leaving out the cost of paper. The*price
of paper is much higher than it was before,
and the price of labor is much higher also; but
leaving out the price of paper and including
the price of labor, which is double what it was
six years ago, the total cost of the printing is
less.than it was then.
It has been so common throughout the coun-
try, so common in all the newspapers, to rep-
resent the increase in the cost of the public
printing as attributable to the extravagance of
I Congress that I am happy to be able to cor-
rect the error.
| Mr. SUMNER. I move to strike out the
j words relating to the President's message, so
i that if there are extra copies printed they
| may be the reports of the Departments, to
!! which, so far as I know, there is no objection,
i There is really a reason, independent of econ-
! omy, why we should not cir" late extra copies
of the President's message. It has already
: been characterized as a libel; unquestionably
it is a libel; it is an incendiary document, cal-
culated to stimulate the rebellion once more
and to provoke civil war. It is a direct appeal
to the worst passions and the worst prejudices
of those rebels who, being subdued on the bat-
tle-field, still resist through the aid of the Pres-
ident of the United States. It is the evidence
of a direct coalition between the President and
the former rebels. If Jefferson Davis were
President of the United States he could not
send to this Chamber a message different in
character. I have often said that Andrew John-
son was the successor of Jefferson Davis, and
this message is a complete confirmation of all
that I have heretofore said. I hope the Senate
will not put its hands into the public Treasury
i in order to circulate over the country a docu-
j ment which is so offensive to Congress, and
; j which, just in proportion to its influence, is cal-
; j culated to arouse the worst sentiments through-
j; out the rebel States. I move to strike out the
!' words relating to the President's message.
1 The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is moved to strike
out the following words: "the message of the
President of the United States;" so as to make
the resolution read :
Resolved, That the reports of the heads of Depart-
ments, with the accompanying documents, be printed,
and that three thousand additional copies be printed
for the use of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I shall be .very happy
on all occasions to follow my colleague in sup-
port of material reforms, and especially reforms
in public expenditures. As I understand the
subject under consideration, the publication of
the proposed three thousand additional copies
of the President's message and the accompa-
nying reports involves simply the paper and
press-work. The cost of composition is already
incurred, and the matter is at the Printing Office
ready to be used for this additional publication.
As to the amendment which the Senator from.
Massachusetts has proposed, it will be for gen-
tlemen who think with him as to the political
sentiments of the message to determine their
votes for themselves. It occurs to mo that it
would be giving undue or untimely prominence
to the differences of opinion which exist con-
cerning the message to adopt his motion. Be
it remembered, sir, that this message proposes
to Congress the repeal of certain laws which
were enacted in the month of March and in
the month of July last. The President, under
his clear constitutional power to recommend
to Congress such measures as he may think
important to the public interest, recommends
the repeal of those laws, and as a reason for
that repeal he goes on at length to submit an
argument against their constitutionality. Now,
sir, all that is perfectly legitimate; and to
describe that argument of his as a libel on
Congress or as a libel on those laws is an
abuse of terms. There is certainly no impro-
priety in the fact that he denounces those laws
as unconstitutional when he appeals to us to
repeal them, because it is in the legitimate
course of the argument which arises upon his
recommendation.
Whether his views upon that subject agree
with the views of us all or not is nothing to the
purpose. If we disagree with him in opinion
