2428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
permit me to say we have 110 moral right, and
I doubt if we have a legal right, to interfere
with the matter now. It is true we may alter
and amend the original act, but we can only
alter and amend without violating the obliga-
tions which we assumed under the act itself.
One of those obligations was that Congress
should not interfere with the regulation of the
tariffs of the company until after the entire
road shall have been completed, and then only
under particular circumstances.
Sir, 1 agree with the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Pile] that supply and demand will
ordinarily regulate the business of railroads
as they regulate the other business of life,
and hence that all legislation respecting their
tariffs and internal arrangements is generally
unwise. It is true that the State of New York
has interfered with and limited the tariffs of
some of its roads. The roads run between a
succession of cities and through a thickly pop-
ulated and highly developed country. It was
found that their recoips were enormous, and
moneyed monopolies were apprehended which
might endanger the State. The Legislature
was wise, and we find the stocks of some of
these roads in the market at $1 37. Those
cases are not analogous to the one under con-
sideration. Here no dividends have been paid
and none for the present are expected. The
only thought and struggle now is to complete
the road.
The proposition to appoint a commission
with power to act before the road is completed
is unjust toward those who have invested in
the undertaking, and in violence of the faith
of the Government.
When the road is completed it will be our
duty to interfere and regulate in casa the in-
come to the company exceeds that provided
for by the act of incorporation.
Until that exigency arises we cannot prop-
erly and ought not to interfere. Were the
company eveA now undertaking to exercise
their power to the injury or oppression of the
people the proposition for a commission to act
at once might be excusable.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, the committee,
in reporting this joint resolution, were gov-
erned by what they conceived to be the legal
aspect of the case as well as what they con-
ceived to be the wish aud intention of the
House in referring the joint resolution to them;
and in listening to the debate to-day my opin-
ion has not been changed in reference to that
legal part of the question. I did not believe
then, and I do not believe now, that legally be-
fore the completion of the road this matter
can be interfered with.
I will say right here that no gentleman upon
this floor, from the East or the West, is more in
favor of controlling railroad monopolies and
keeping the prices of fares and freights within
proper limits so as to benefit the public at
large than myself. And I will say more, sir,
that I believe the Congress of the United States
has entire power and authority to control inter-
State railroad communication. But, sir, there
are other questions that present themselves
just here in the consideration of this resolu-
tion.
Mr. MILLER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman must excuse
me. I think I have exhibited my good nature
to an extent unexpected in this House by giv-
ing away all my time but seven minutes.
I was about to say that there are other ques-
tions connected with this subject that ought to
be, in my judgment, considered by this House.
We have under the law of 1862 authorized the
construction of a railroad to connect the At-
lantic with the Pacific. We have paid under
that law the subsidies granted by it until now
there remain to be completed but nine hundred
or one thousand miles of the road right in the
mountains where nobody lives. By the pro-
visions of that law already referred to, it was
understood by the parties contracting to build
the road that no interference would be had on
the part of the Government until the comple-
tion of the *road. I submit to gentlemen
whether this is not a possible thing—whether
if restrictions should be placed upon these com-
panies which they consider onerous and burden'
some, they may not cease to build the road?
And if so what is the investment of the Govern-
ment, that which has already been expended
worth ? I suggest that as a consideration for
the House, a consideration which weighs some-
what upon my mind, for I am free to say here
that I am exceedingly anxious that the road
should be finished in as short a time as possi-
ble, so as to connect this side with the other
side of the Rocky mountains.
In reference to the cost of the road, the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] is
slightly mistaken. He need travel only to the
State of Pennsylvania to find a road which, if
I am not very much mistaken, cost $182,000
a mile.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Was that the average
cost of the road?
Mr. PRICE. The cost of constructing and
equipping; I refer to the Reading road. I will
not be positive as to the exact dollars and cents.
But I remember very distinctly, when I was a
citizen of Pennsylvania, and when railroads
were building there, I heard it stated that the
building and equipping of the Reading railroad
cost $132,000 per mile. I ain very free to say
that there are railroads in Pennsylvania, some
of which cost over onehundred thousand dollars
a mile. And I think it is equally true that
roads built in California, since the time to
which the statistics relate that were read by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersom,,]
have cost over one hundred thousand dollars a
mile. And the most expensive part of the
road to connect the Atlantic and the Pacific
is yet to be built. And. if every burdensome
restriction is to be now placed upon the com-
pany, I would suggest that it is within the
range of possibility that the construction of
the road may stop, and the investment of the
Government become good for nothing.
The committee were governed by these con-
siderations. By these considerations my own
judgment is now governed. I think, in view
of the facts which already exist in reference to
the law and the building of the road, as it has
progressed up to this time, and the condition
in which the road is to-day, you had better
allow the restriction to commence to operate
when the road is finished; or, if the House
think that will tend to delay the completion
of the road, let the time be fixed for the com-
pletion of the road. If it progresses in fu-
ture at the rate it has progressed for the last
two years, then two yearg more will see the
road completed. I am not prepared now to
say when the road will be completed; but
judging of the future by the past, I think it is
safe to say that the road will be finished in
about two years. My opinion is that the com-
mittee, in reporting this resolution, has arrived
at the nearest possible point of correctness;
that the interest of the people and of the coun-
try will be better subserved by the passage of
the resolution in the shape in which they have
reported it than in any other.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Farnsworth, to recommit the joint resolution
with instructions to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad to report a bill regulating the
tariff of freight and fare on the Pacific rail-
road.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 50, noes 46..
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is it pro-
posed that the committee shall have leave to
report at any time?
The SPEAKER. It is not; that would
require unanimous consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent that the committee have leave to re-
port at any time.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
The question was again taken -upon the mo-
tion of Mr. Farnsworth ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 62, nays 69, not voting
58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson. Delos E. Ashley,
Beaman, Benjamin, Blair, Boyer, Brorowell, Brooks,
Broomall, Buckland, Burr, Chanler, Beader W.
Clarke, Covode, Dodge, Donnelly, iUiot,tfarnsworth,
Ferry, Golladoy, Grover, Harding, Hawkins, Higby,
Hill Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Rich-
ard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Jcnckes, Kolley, Kelsey,
George V. Lawrence, Mallory, Marvin, MeClurg,
MeCormiek, Moorhead, Mungen, Neweomb, INichol-
son, Nunn, Perham, l'ile, Poland, Polslcy, Raum,
Rosa, Scofield, Smith, Aaron F. Stevens, Xhaddeus
Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Tvviehell, Van Aer-
nam.Welker, Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbndge—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Bailey, Baker, Beatty,
Beck, Benton, Blaine,Butler, Cake, Churchill, Sidney
Clarke,Cobb, Coburn, Cullom, Kckley, iggleston.Ela,
Ferrjss, Fields, Garfield, ttetz, Glossbrenner, Halsey,
Holman, Hopkins, Ilunter.IngersoU, Johnson. Judd,
Julian, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Laflin.William Law-
rence, Loughridffe, Marshall, McCarthy, Miller,
Moore, Morrell, Myers, Niblaek, O'Neill, Orth, Fame,
Peters, Pike, Plants, Price, Pruyn, Randall,Robert-
son, Sawyer, Shanks, Taber, Taylor.Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn.Van Wyck, Ward,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William
Williams, James F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
ward—69. ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes,
Barnum, Bingham, Boutwell, Cary, Cook, Cornell,
Dawes, Dixon, Driggs, Bldridge, Finney, lox,
Gravely, Giiswold, Ilaiglit, Asahel W. Hubbard,Hul-
burd. Jones, Kitchen, Koont-/,, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Lynch, Maynard. McCullough, Mercur.Morgan, Mor-
rissoy. Mullins, Phelps, Pomeroy, Robinson, Schenek,
Solyo, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Taffe, Thomas. John Trimble, LawrenceS.
Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Cad-
waladerC. W ashburn, William B. Washburn, Thomas
Williams, John T. Wilson, anil Wood—58.
So the motion to recommit was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next question is upon
the motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Washburn,] to amend the substitute by
striking out the proviso.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the bill and
pending amendments be laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Ben-
jamin] will withdraw that motion and let us
take the vote on the main proposition.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I decline to withdraw
the motion. I am opposed to the bill and all
the amendments.
The motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to; there being—ayes 36, noes 64.
The question again recurred on the motion
of Mr. Wasiiburx, of Indiana, to amend the
substitute by striking out the following words :
Provided, however. That this shall not take effect
until there shall be a continuous line of railroad
completed and in running order from Omaha to
Sacramento. ,
Mr. HOLMAN. On this question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas7o3 nays 48, not voting
66 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Bailey, Baker,
Beaman, Beatfy, Beck, Benton, Blair, Bromwell,
Burr, Churchill. Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Eekley, Ela, Eldndge,
Periiss, Ferry, Fields. Gotz.Glossbrcnner, Golladay,
Grover, Haisey, Hawkins, Ilolxnan, Hopkins, Chester
I). Hubbard, Humphrey,Hunter, insrersoll. Johnson,
Julian, Kelsey, Kerr. Knott, William Lawrence,
Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall, MeCormiek, .Moore,
Moorhead, Ncwcomb. Niblaek. Nicholson. Nunn
Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike, Plants, Polslcy,
Randall. Robertson, Shank?, Stewart, Tax lor, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyek. Ward,
jbhhu B. W ashburne, Henry D. Washburn. William
AYilhuins, bteplien F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
ward— ib.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Baldwin. Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Butler, Chanler,
Covode, Duage, Donnelly, Jfcjdeston, Kliot, Farns-
wortb, Garfield, Harding, Higby. Hill. Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Jenekes, Judd, George V. Lawrence,
Sv^f?\- :Nfari"uV-:vicClur- Morrell. Myers,
O Noill 1 ohiBd. } rice, Pruvn, Raum. Ross, fcchenck,
bconeld, Aaron £. Stevens, Thaddeu^ Stevens, Stokes,
laber, lhomas, Twichell, Van Acrnarn, Welker,
v. ^ i^on, and \\ oodbridgc—48.
OTING--Messrs. Archer, Arneil, James
JV1. Ashley, Axtell. Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Benja-
min, Bingham, Llaine. Boutwell, Buekiand, Cake,
Cary, Cornell, Dawes, Dixon, Brings, Finnov, Fox,
kns*ol,d.« Haigrht, Asahel W. Hubbard,
xri(! £ ^ukbard, Hulburd, Jones, Kelley,
Ivoontz, Laihn, Lincoln, Loan,
Logan, Maynard, McCarthy, McCulloch, Mereur.
Morgan, Mornssey, Mullins, Mungen, Phelps, Pile,
