1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2429
Pomeroy, Robinson. Sawyer, Selye, Shellabarger,
Sitgreaves, Smitb, Spalding, Starkweather, Stone,
Taffe, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Cadwal-
ader 0. Washburn, William B. Washbnrn, Thomas
Williams, John X. Wilson, and Wood—66.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Clarke, of Kansas, to add to the
substitute the following proviso :
Provided, That the said tariff to be so fixed shall
in no ease exceed double the average rates charged
on the different lines of railroad between the Missis-
sippi river and the Atlantic ocean in latitudes north
of St. Louis.
The amendment was adopted.
The substitute, as amended, was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended by the
adoption of the substitute, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the reading of
the joint resolution in full.
The joint resolution, as amended, was read.
The question being on the passage of the
joint resolution,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was passed.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on the amendment reported by the committee
to the title. The amendment will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend the title so as to read as follows
A joint resolution to amend an act entitled "An
act to aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Missouri river to the Pacific
occan, and to secure to the Government the use of
the same for postal, military, and other purposes,"
approved July 1,1862.
The amendment was adopted; and the title,
as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the votes by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed and the title agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendments of the House to the
bill (S. No. 475) to extend the charter of Wash-
ington city, also to regulate the selection of
officers, and for other purposes.
washington territory penitentiary.
Mr. FLANDERS, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Territories
be instructed to inquire as to what further legisla-
tion is necessary to enablo the Secretary of the In-
terior to provide a site and authorize the location of
a penitentiary in the Territory of Washington, as
already provided for by act of Congress; and that
said committee be authorized to report by bill or
otherwise.
leave op absence.
Mr. Hulbckd and Mr. Cook were granted
indefinite leave of absence after to-morrow.
outrages upon american citizens.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Resolved by the House of Representatives. &c., That
the President of the United States be, and hereby is,
requested to inform this House of all the facts (when
they come to his knowledge) in regard to the treat-
ment of certain American citizens reported to have
been unj ustly and unj ustifiably arrested, imprisoned,
and flogged while in prison by authority of an officer
of the Government of Mexico.
Mr. HARDING. I object.
p1uze-m0ney claims.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That five hundred copies of the commu-
nication from the Secretary of the Navy relative to
elaims for prize money be printed for the use of the
Navy Department.
internal tax bill.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution ; on which he
demanded the previous question :
Resolved, Thattherehe printed five thousand extra
copies, in pamphlet form, one hundred being for the
use of the Committee of Ways and Means, of the bill
to reduce into one act and amend the laws relating
to internal tax.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preceding resolutions were
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I now move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope not.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania desires to
make his speech in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union this afternoon.
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
Mr. MUNGEN. Allow me a few moments
for a personal explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That can
be done in committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. If we go into committee it
is with the understanding that no- business is
to be done.
The SPEAKER. That is the understanding.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the rales be suspended and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Woodbkidge in the chair.)
Mr. BROOMALL took the floor.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a personal explanation.
Mr. BROOMALL. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Chairman, I simply
wish to put myself right upon the record. Yes-
terday I offered a resolution that the powers
of the select Committee on the Treatment of
Union Prisoners and Soldiers be enlarged so as
to provide for an inquiry into certain matters.
My colleague [Mr. Garfield] objected, and
said that information was already before the
House. That placed me in a false position
before the House of asking for what was already
before it. I now declare that information is
not before the House northe special committee,
and I defy my colleague to prove his assertion
of yesterday. He cannot do it.
When I had the honor last session—I think
in July—to introduce a resolution on the same
subject it was laid upon the table on motion of
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Wash-
burx.] It was then laid upon the table on the
ground that there was no person to take the
responsibility of saying there was ground for it.
I now say, in the first place, if there is any such
information of this kind before the House I do
not know it; and in the second place, that I can
prove by the testimony of officers of high posi-
tion both of the United States and confederate
troops that the proposition was made by the
confederate government to pay three times the
prieeingold, cotton, and tobacco for medicines
for our soldiers at Andersonville and other
southern prisons; that those medicines should
be put under charge of Federal surgeons, and
be by them taken in person to the different
southern prisons and used and distributed to
and for the use of Union prisoners alone; that
this offer was made by the so-called confede-
rate government through the proper officers to
the proper officers of our Government, and was
communicated by these latter officers to the
proper heads of our Government, and that no
response nor attention was paid to the proposi-
tion, although our soldiers were dying in those
prisons for want of medicine, and the confed-
erate government informed the proper officers
of this Government of that fact in connection
with the proposition.
I can prove that these propositions were
received by our officers when transmitted to
the proper authorities, and that they never
received any response. I want the blame to
rest where it belongs. If any of our men are
guilty let them suffer as well as others. If our
soldiers were dying, as was certainly the case,
for want of medicine, and it was thus placed
in the power of our authorities to relievethem,
why did they not do so? The confederates
told them this was so; offered to pay three
times the appraised value for medicines, send
them with our own men, to be used for the ben-
efitofourownsicksoldiersexclusively. WhatI
desire is to have these points established. I
hold myself personally responsible to establish
the truth of what I say. This House lays my
resolution on the table. Why ? Are gentle-
men afraid of the truth ? Will any gentleman
say that if our authorities are answerable for
the deaths of those brave fellows in the prison-
pens of the South that our authorities should
not bear the blame? Let justice be done
though the heavens fall. I am satisfied that
officers of our own Government are particeps
criminU in the foul transaction. Let them be
held up to public scorn ; yes, let them receive
the justice due to them. Better men have been
hung. But this House stops investigation into
this question. It has twice defeated my prop-
osition to investigate this matter. By its over-
whelming Republican radical power it has laid
this matter on the table, smothered it, refused
to allow the committee to investigate. If gen-
tlemen on the other side can stand this I can.
The people will inquire and must be answered.
powers 01' the supreme court.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Chairman, the bill
which I propose to consider is one presented
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Woodward,] bearing the ominous title of "A
bill to test the constitutionality of questionable
acts of Congress." It provides that whenever
any act of Congress shall be vetoed by the
President on the ground of the unconstitution-
ality of any of its provisions and shall after-
ward be enacted into a law by the vote of two
thirds of both Houses, the President shall
cause a fictitious case to be instituted in the
Supreme Court of the United States to try the
constitutionality of the same. It further pro-
vides that the Attorney General shall contest the
act, or the questionable provisions of it, and the
Speaker of the House, by himself or counsel,
shall defend it; that the cost of the proceed-
ing, including counsel fees, shall be paid out of
the Treasury of the United States; that the
judgment of the court, if in favor of the con-
testant, shall render the act, or the contested
parts of it, null and void, and that until such
judgment is pronounced the same shall be
deemed constitutional and valid.
Before proceeding to discuss the purposes
of the bill it may be well to remark that, hav-
ing in view the provision last cited, it would
be difficult to imagine a more questionable act
of Congress than this if it should become a
law. The theory, as I understand it, is that
an unconstitutional law is not a law at all and
never has been, and the power of Congress to
make such a law valid up to the time of its
being declared otherwise can neither be found
in nor outside of the Constitution. If Con-
gress can make such a law valid up to the
time of the decision of the court, it is difficult
to see why it may not make it valid forever.
The author of the bill evidently considers the
business of the Supreme Court to be repealing
laws instead of px-onouncing upon their valid-
ity and meaning.
No one acquainted with the antecedents of
the learned gentleman would suspect him of an
intention to increase the power of the Repre-
sentatives of the people at the expense ol a
branch of the Government in noway dependent
upon the people. Yet such might be the result
of his proposed measure. He has no great
faith in what he is fond of calling the *ifrag-
mentary bodies " now usurping, as lie thmlis,
all power in the country. He believes them
