1868.
THE CONG-KESSIONAL GLOBE.
mn
contingent ffjni) op tiie house.
Mr. McCULLOUGIl, from the minority of
the Committee on Accounts, under the author-
ity given yesterday, presentedammority report;
which was ordered to be printed with the ma-
jority report, and laid on the table.
message from tiie president.
A message from thePresident, by Mr. Moore,
his Private Secretary, announced that he had
approved and signed bills of the following
titles:
An act (EL R. No. 1427) to establish cer-
tain post roads ;
An act (H. R. No. 1341) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 00, 1868, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 451) providing for the
sale of the arsenal grounds at St. Louis and
Liberty, Missouri, and for other purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 1376) for the relief of
loyal Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians.
stationery for interior department.
Mr. VAN WY CK. I ask the House to take
up a joint resolution which has just passed the
Senate (S. No. 175) relative to the recentcon-
tracts for stationer}' forthe Department of the
Interior. I hold in my hand a report made by
Senator Patterson, from the Committee on
Retrenchment, to the Senate. I will not read
it, but I will refer to one item in regard to the
bids for stationery. The report shows that
there were bids for various classes of station-
ery by Messrs. Blanchard & Mohun, by Messrs.
Philp & Solomons, by Messrs. Coyle & Towers,
and by Messrs. Dempsey & O'Toole, and that
the contract was made with the highest instead
of the lowest bidder. The lowest bid was
about eight thousand dollars, and the highest
$32,000.
The joint resolution was accordingly taken
from (he Speaker's table and read a first and
second lime. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to annul and cancel the contract made
by him with Messrs. Dempsey & O'Toole for
supplying the Department of the Interior and
the several bureaus and officers thereof with
stationery for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1869, under the advertisement issued May 25,
1868, and to enter into a contract for the articles
mentioned in said advertisement with Messrs.
Blanchard & Mohun, the latter being the lowest
and best bidder therefor.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
tension bills passed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks consent
to lay before the House five Senate bills which
hare been examined by the chairman of the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, that they may
be passed.
There was no objection ; and bills of the fol-
lowing titles were taken from the Speaker's
table, received their several readings, and were
passed:
A bill (S. No. 598) for the relief of Mary
Seott;
A bill (S. No. 606) granting a pension to
Robert Watson ;
A bill (S. No. 633) granting a pension to
Nancy Smith;
A bill (S. No. 634) granting a pension to
Violet Henry: and
A bill (S. No. 630) granting an increase of
pension to Nancy A. Stocks.
rebecca c. meeker
On motion of Mr. MILLER, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 597) granting a pen-
sion to Rebecca C. Meeker was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions and of the War of 1812.
W. H. MACDONALD, ETO.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illi-
nois, by unanimous consent the Committee on
Commerce was discharged from the farther
consideration of a bill and joint resolution of
the following titles, and the same were placed
on the Speaker's table :
A bill (S. No. 361) for the relief of W. H.
MacDotiald, late acting United States consul
at Capetown, Cape of Good Hope: and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 36) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Amer-
ican register to the bark Aug. Guardein.
capture of jeff davis.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, sub-
mitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 1277) to provide for the distribution
ofthe rewards offered by the President of theUnited
States for the capture of Jefferson Davis, having met,
after full and free conference, have agreed to recom-
mend to their respective Houses that the Senate
recede from their first, second, third, and fourth
amendments. j> WASHBURN,
LEWIS \Y. BOSS,
Managers on the part of the Hovae.
TIMOTHY0. HOWE,
HENRY WILSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
simply wish to say that the Senate recede from
their amendments, and the bill is just as it
passed the House.
The SPEAKER. Then if the Senate re-
cedes from its amendments the bill has passed,
and the report will be entered on the Journal.
removal of disabilities.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 1446) to relieve from legal and
political disabilities Simeon Corley, John Mil-
ledge, and Michael Hahn.
Mr. BINGHAM. The amendment of the
Senate proposes to add the names of a num-
ber of persons in Louisiana. I move that it
be concurred in, and on that I demand the
previous question.
Mr. PAINE. I would ask if the gentleman
understands that there are any names inserted
in this bill except from Louisiana?
A Member. There are one or two from
Arkansas.
Mr. KELLEY. I understand that one of
the persons whose names have been inserted by
the Senate was a graduate of West Point, or
rather a gentleman who left West Point before
he had graduated to take service in the rebel
army. He was a general in the rebel scrviee,
and has resisted the entire work of reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I move to non-
concur in the amendment of the Senate and
ask a conference.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Speaker
thereupon appointed Mr. Bingham, Mr. Paine,
and Mr. Beck managers of the conference on
the part of the House.
lighting of washington streets.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendments ofthe Senate to the amend-
ments of the House to the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 57) relative to lighting the streets of
Washington, District of Columbia.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out of the second section of the House amend-
ment all after the enacting clause, and to insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That the mayor and the city councils of the city of
Washington be, and they are, authorized to con-
tract with the Washington Gas-Light, Company for
the term of one year, anil so from year to year
until otherwise providedby law, otsueh rates nsmay
be agreed upon, not exceeding the maximum now
fixed by law, tor all the illuminating gns required for
the avenue and street lamps and public offices of
the city, and public grounds under the control of
said city.
Mr. KOONTZ. I move that the House non-
concur in the amendment of the Senate, and
ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. WELKER. I move that the amend-
ment be concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
on concurring in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand thatthis joint
resolution proposes to increase the price of
gas in this city.
Mr. KOONTZ. By no means ; it proposes
to reduce it. The cost heretofore has been
§8 42 per thousand feet, and the amendment
of the House to the original resolution pro-
poses to reduce it to three dollars per thousand
feet.
Mr. WELKER. The difference between the
Senate amendment and the joint resolution as
it passed the House is that the House fixed
upon the Government a contract for ten years,
while the Senate amendment provides that the
contract shall be made with the gas company
from year to year.
Mr. KOONTZ. If the Senate amendment
is concurred in we will not be able to get the
gas at the reduced rate, for it is impossible for
the company to furnish it at the price proposed
by the House, except they have a contract for
a term of years. The uniform custom all over
the country is to allow contracts to be made
in similar cases for a term of years.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it proposed to charter
a new company?
Mr. KOONTZ. It is not.
Mr. MAYNARD. If it was I might be in-
duced to vote for this joint resolution.
Mr. ALLISON. Is this bill to fasten upon
the community the price of three dollars per
thousand feet of gas for ten years to come?
Mr. KOONTZ. It proposes to reduce the
price of gas from throe dollars and forty-two
cents to three dollars per thousand feet. The
committee find upon examination in regard to
forty of the principal gas companies in the
country that the average price is three dollars
and eighty three cents per thousand feet. It
will be impossible for this company to furnish
gas at three dollars per thousand feet unless
they are allowed a contract for a term of years.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman think
it worth while to fasten a monopoly upon this
community for a term of years?
Mr. KOONTZ. This is not to fasten a mo-
nopoly upon the community ; it is to secure a
saving to the Government.
Mr. WELKER. The sub-committee, to
which this subject was referred, I understand,
did not inquire as to the price of gas furnished
to city authorities, but only as to the price of
gas furnished to individuals.
Mr. KOONTZ. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Welker] concurred in the joint resolu-
tion as reported from the committee of the
House; in fact it was drawn to meet his views
in the case. I will say that, in the city of Phil-
adelphia, where the gas is furnished by the
corporation, the price is $2 95 per thousand
feet. We propose to put it at three dollars per
thousand feet in this city, only five cents more
than in Philadelphia. Inasmuch as the city
of Philadelphia is so much nearer the coal
mines than Washington is I do not think the
difference in the price is any too much. I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate; and being taken it
was concurred in, upon a division—ayes sixty-
eight, noes not counted.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
agricultural colleges—southern states.
Mr. BOWEN. I ask unanimous consent to
take up from the Speaker's table, out of its
regular order, for consideration at the present
time, Senate joint resolution No. 176, extend-
, ing to the States lately in rebellion the ben-
efits of the act donating public lands to the
several States and Territories which may pro-
vide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
the mechanic arts, approved July 2, 1862, and
amended by act of July 23, 1866. _
The joint resolution was read for informa-
tion. The preamble recites that under the
provisions of the act of Congress, approved
July 2, 1862, entitled "An act donating public
