1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1405
construe that rule for themselves, and that any
act of Congress on the subject would not be
obligatory on them. For example, when the
next Congress meets, if there be a new Con-
gress and a new President, I think, notwith-
standing the passage of this bill, that Presi-
dent and that Congress will have the right to
construe the Constitution in relation to this
matter for themselves, and they will not be
bound by any legislation of ours on the sub-
ject. They may repeal the bill; or they may,
in my judgment, disregard the bill and resort
to the Constitution directly for the rule estab-
lished to govern the case.
But, Mr. President, the two objections to
which I alluded yesterday, in my mind cannot
be obviated. The Constitution directly and
plainly requires that when the President shall
veto a bill he shall return it with his objections
to the House in which it originated. This bill
proposes to obviate this provision, to disregard
it, and to provide that, instead of returning it
to the House in which it originated, he may
return it to the Clerk of the House, of Repre-
sentatives or to the Secretary of the Senate,
according as it may have originated in the
House of Representatives or in the Senate.
When the Executive communicates with either
House, does he communicate with its ministe-
rial officers when the House is not in session?
Suppose the Constitution or the law requires
the President to communicate to the two Houses
or either of the Houses in the performance of
that duty, when both Houses or the particular
House to which he is directed to make commu-
nication be not in session, is he authorized to
communicate to the Secretary or to the Clerk
of that House? I conceive not. It is the duty
and the right of the President to communicate
to the House and not to a ministerial officer of
the House. To enable him to communicate to
the House it must necessarily be in session,
because he cannot communicate with either
House when it is in any other situation than in
actual session. It must bo assembled and in
actual session. I think that that objection is
fatal and conclusive.
But there is another. Suppose this Con-
gress, near its adjournment, within the last ten
days of its final session, pass a bill. Accord-
ing to the requisition of this bill the President,
at the expiration of the ten days, must com-
municate to the Secretary of the Senate, if
the bill originated in this body, whether he
has vetoed or approved the bill. If the Pres-
ident vetoes the bill and communicates that
fact to the Secretary of the Senate, is that a
return by himol' the bill, with his objections to
+/-v tl-i/i Hnncp in wliinh it. ? It is
it, to the House in which it originated
not. It seems to me that the eftect of this pro-
vision of the bill is to obviate, to change essen-
tially, a plain provision of the Constitution in
relation to this matter.
I think, sir, that the Executive may not only
claim it as a right, but the House in which a
bill originates may claim it as the performance
of a duty by him to that House, and the people
of the country may claim it as the performance
of a duty by him, that he shall return the bill
with his objections, not, in vacation, to the
Clerk or to the Secretary of the Senate or
House of Representatives, but^ to the body
itself, and to enable him to perform t.hat duty
that body must necessarily be in session.
But, Mr. President, 1 think that the bill is
not in harmony with the Constitution in another
feature. The provision of the Constitution is
plain, reasonably plain, I think, on reading it:
"If any bill shall not be returned by the President
within ten dajs (Sundays excepted) after it shall
have been presented to him, the same shall bo a law
m like milliner as it he had signed it, unless the Con-
gress by their adjournment prevent its return, in
which case it shall not be a law."
The previous part of the clause establishes
the rule that the President has ten days after a
bill is presented to him for his signature within
which to return it, with his approval 9r with
his veto, to the House in which it originated.
Mr. P0MEU0Y. I rise to inquire of the
Chair if the unfinished business of yesterday
is not in order at this hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no unfinished business of yesterday. The hill
to which I suppose the Senator refers, the hill
debated yesterday by the Senator from Wis-
consin, was postponed by a vote_, and, of course,
can only be taken up on a motion.
Mr. POMERO Y. I thought it went over as
the unfinished business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It did not.
The Senator from Kentucky is on the floor
upon the bill before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. The words of the Constitu-
tion allow the President ten days after a bill
passed by the two Houses and signed by their
Presiding Officers is presented to him within
which to return it to the House in which _ it
originated with his objections if he vetoes it.
There is a plain, explicit provision that if he
is prevented from returning the bill to the
House in which it originated by the adjourn-
ment of Congress it shall not he a law. What
is the meaning of an adjournment? It is a
cessation of the business of Congress. . The
President has ten days, excluding Sundays,
within which to return a bill with his veto.
It results from the plain words and meaning
of the Constitution that if, wlien the ten
days elapse, Congress is not in session the
bill falls. That is the plain effect of the con-
stitutional clause. Let me read it again: ^
"If any bill shall not bo returned by tlio President
within ton days (Sundays excepted) alter it shall
have been presented to him, tlio samo shall be a law
in like manner as if ho had signed it, unless the Con-
gress by their adjournment prevent its return, m
which caso it shall not be a law."
The adjournment, then, to prevent a bill
becoming a law, must bo an adjournment of
both Houses. Both Houses must concur in
the adjournment. Such an adjournment as
Congress makes at Christmas occasionally, or
at any lime when the two Houses concur in
the time and duration of adjournment, is such
a suspension of the business of Congress as
the Constitution contemplates when it says
that an adjournment shall prevent the bill be-
coming a law. I think, then, that whenever
the two Houses have agreed to an adjourn-
ment, and the ten days within which the Presi-
dent has had possesssion of a bill elapse
during that period of time, the bill falls as a
matter of course.
The bill under consideration is incompati-
ble with this interpretation of the Constitu-
tion, and, therefore, I think, is not right. I
will make a single further remark, and then
take my seat. Ihe great evil ot Amencan
legislation is its haste and its frequency. We
have too much legislation ; we have too much
inconsiderateuess in o.ur legislation. J think
that the cffect of this hill will be to increase
that haste 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky will yield.
impeachment of tkesident johnson.
Mr. Representative Stevens and Mr. Rep-
resentative Bingham appeared below the bar,
and were announced as the committee from
the House of Representatives.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The com-
mittee from the House of Representatives.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. President, in obedi-
ence to the order of the House of Representa-
tives, we appear before you, and in the name
of the House of Representatives and of all
the people of the United States we do impeach
Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, of high crimes and misdemeanors in
office: and we further inform the Senate that
the House of Representatives will in due time
exhibit particular articles of impeachment
against him and make good the same; and m
their name we demand that the Senate take
order for the appearance of the said Andrew
Johnson to answer said impeachment.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The Senate
will take order in the premises.
The Committee of the House thereupon
withdrew. . .
Mr. HOWARD. I move the adoption of
the following resolution—
Mr. DAVIS. I believe I have the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky has the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I simpty yielded the floor to
allow a message to be received from the House
of Representatives.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky has the floor, and will proceed.
Mr. DAVIS. I was about to conclude my
remarks 
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Chair whether
this be not a question of privilege, to which
all other proceedings must give way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I do not
know if there is any rule about it. The ques-
tion is new to me, and, I presume, new to the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. No privilege question can 
Mr. HOWARD. I am compelled to call
the Senator from Kentucky to order on the
ground that I suppose this to be a question of
privilege.
Mr. DAVIS. I was merely stating the prin-
ciple upon which I am entitled to the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
a question of order raised which the Chair will
submit to the Senate for decision.
Mr. DAVIS. I will just ask leave 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion of order must be settled before the Sena-
tor can proceed with his remarks.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know
what the question of privilege is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
of precedence, whether the Senator who had the
floor must give way to what is said to be a
privileged question.
Mr. GRIMES. We do notknowwhatthatis.
The PRESIDENT^iro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Michigan said that he rose to a ques-
tion of privilege. I suppose it is proper for
him to state it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know
what the question of privilege is.
Mr. HOWARD. The House of Represent-
atives have sent to us a committee announcing
that they will in due time present articles of
impeachment against Andrew Johnson, Presi-
dent of the United States, and asking the Sen-
ate to take order in reference to that matter.
The message of the House has been received
and has been delivered by its committee. 1 hat
subject-matter is, surely, before the Senate at
this time, and my motion will be for an order
for the appointment of a select committee to
whom is to be referred the matter which has
just been presented by the Committee of the
House of Representatives. I take it this is a
question of privilege.
Mr. DAVIS, if the honorable Senator is
through I will make a single statement. I was
occupying the attention of the Senate in debat-
ing a subject that was before it. According to
the universal usage and courtesy between the
two Houses, it was intimated that I should give
way to receive a message from the House,
which, in obedience to uniform usage and cour-
tesy, 1 did. So soon as the message was de-
livered my right to the floor was resumed. I
was entitled to the floor, and the honorable
Senator from Michigan could not take the floor
from me to make a privileged motion, or to
raise a question of privilege or anything else,
or to make any other motion. I am entitled
to occupy the floor and to conclude my remarks
before any other gentleman can take it for
any purpose whatever. That is my interpret-
ation of the rules.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I feel
obliged to agree with the Senator from Ken-
tucky as to his right. He did not surrender
the floor at all; he nferely, at the request of
the Chair, suspended his remarks, having the
floor all the time, while informally this mes-
sage, like all other messages, should be re-
ceived. I think, therefore, that he is entitled
to go on, having the floor, until he shall haye
finished, when this question of privilege will
come up. Having said that, I will add that I
do not commit myself to the propriety, as a
matter of taste and delicacy, of the Senator
