4478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
lands to the several States and Territories
winch may provide colleges for the benefit of
agriculture and the mechanic arts," and under
the provisions of an act of Congress approved
July 23, 1SG6, entitled "An act to amend the
fifth section of an act entitled 'An act donating
public lands to the several States and Territo-
ries which may provide colleges for the benent
of agriculture and the mechanic arts,' ap-
proved July 2, 18(52, extending the time within
which the provisions of the original act shall
be accepted and such colleges established, the
several States and Territories became entitled
under certain conditions to grants of land and
land scrip ; that by a joint resolution approved
March 29, 1807, the issue or delivery of such
land scrip to any of the States lately in rebel-
lion against the United States, except the State
of Tennessee, was prohibited until such States
should be fully restoied to their rights as Slates
by Congress ; and that several of the States
lately in rebellion have already been fully re-
stored to their rights as States by Congress.
The joint resolution therefore provides that
the issue of land scrip to the States thus fully
restored to 'heir rights as States by Congress
be authorized and directed under the conditions
and limitations prescribed in the acts recited,
and that this authority and direction shall
apply to States lately in rebellion not yet fully
restored to their rights as States by Congress,
so soon as they shall be thus restored. AH
amounts already issued to either of those
States are legalized and declared to be a pait
of the share of such States.
Mr. HOPKINS. Does not this apply to all
the southern Stales.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I object to the
consideration of the resolution.
JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 1131) regulating judicial proceed-
ings in certain eases for the protection of officers
and agents of the Government, and for the
better defense of the Treasury against unlawful
claims.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows :
At the end of the bill add the following:
Provided, howrver, That no judgment recovered
in accordance with this act shall be paid by the
United States unless the amount leccived by the
defendant as tho proceeds of the transaction which
was the foundation ot the suit, shall have been paid
?nto the Treasury, except upon an appropriation
duly made therefor after a full examination of the
claim upon its merits.
Mr. BOUTWELL, I move that the House
concur in the amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE 15XPEKSE3.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. E. No. 1448) making app ropriations for
certain executive expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 80, 18G9.
The amendment was read, as follows :
Add to the bill the following :
See. -—. Andhe it Siulher enacted, That there be ;i p-
propriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of fo.OOO to b ■ ex-
pended under the direction ot tho Commissioner of
Public Buildings and Ground's, for the purpose of
building an arched roadway from Tiber creek, on
Ninth Capitol street, loading to the Government
-fruiting Office,provided the city of Wellington will
appropriate a sufficient additional amount to com-
plete it.
S:;c. —. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and directed
to pay out of any money in tho Treasury not other-
wise appropriated to Henry i!. Ste. Marie the sum
ot $10,000 tor services and information in the arrest
ot John II. Surratt m tho kingdom of Italy, charged
with the crimes of conspiracy and murder; and the
joint resolution tor the reliet of Henry B. Ste. Marie,
approved July 20,18GS, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. ROSS. I make the point of order that
as this amendment makes an appropriation of
money it must be first considered inCommitt.ee
of the Whole.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House non-concur in the amendment
of the Senate, and ask tho appointment of a
committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. The pointof order is made
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. lltiss] that
this amendment contains an appropriation, and
must first be considered in Committee of the
Whole. If that point is insisted on the ques-
tion cannot now be taken in the HousCon con-
curring in the Senate amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let me
say to the gentleman from Illinois that there
are only two things provided for in this amend-
ment of the Senate. The first is to remedy an
omission in our previous legislation by which
we gave to Ste. Marie a reward of S10.000, but
omitted in the bill to make any specific appro-
priation. Tho other part of the amendment,
simply provides for building abridge over the
Tiber, so as to make a convenient thorough-
fare to the Government Printing Office. Tins
is the whole effect of the amendments.
Mr. ROSS. 1 will not withdraw my objec-
tion unless I have the right to make it again
when the conference report is submitted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. You can.
The SPEAKER. The right will be reserved.
The bill is before the House.
Mr. STOKES. My friend is laboring under
a mistake. This House passed a bill, ami it
was concuried in by the Senate, appropriating
SI0,000 to this ITenri Ste. Marie for information
furnished and services rendered by him. It
was provided that it should be paid out of a
certain fund. It now turns out there is no
fund belonging to that Department. He, there-
fore, fails to get the money that the House and
Senate intended lie should get. I insist, there-
fore, wo should concur in the Senate amend-
ment providing $10,000 for ITenri Ste. Marie.
The Senate amendment was non-con-
curred in.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved that
the House request a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes between the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to ; and the .Speaker
appointed Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, Mr.
Stokes, and Mr. Ross, as managers of said
conference on its part.
KXUOLLKD BILLS.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 1090) making an appro-
priation of money to carry into effect the
treaty with Russia of March 30, 1867 ;
An act (II. R. No. 1205) to further amend the
postal laws; and
An act (H. R. No, 1275) relating to tho
Alexandria canal.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
same committee, reported that tlicy had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (IT.
li. No. 1073) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30, 18G8; when the Speaker
signed the same.
MOUNT VJ5R.NON ASSOCIATION.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope I will have con-
sent to take up a bill in relation to the Mount
Vernon Association.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
WEST WISCONSIN RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. R. No. 152) to
extend the time for the completion of the West
Wisconsin railroad ; which was read a first
and second time. It proposes to further
extend the time fixed and limited by an act
entitled " An act granting lands to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in the State
of Wisconsin," approved May 5, 18G4, for
the completion of the railroad from lomah,
in the county of Monroe, to St. Croix liver or
lake, between townships twenty-five and t liirty-
one, for a period of three years, to the \\ est
Wisconsin Railroad Company, a corporal ion
established by the laws of the State ot Wis-
consin, and which, by the laws of that State,
is entitled to the land grant made in the sec-
ond section of the act ot May 5, 1SG4 : but it
the railway company shall not have completed
the railroad from Tomali to Black River tails
ou or before the expiration of one year irotn
the passage of the resolution it is to be null
and void.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That joint
resolution has already been passed.
Mr. COVODE. I move to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and to insert in
lieu thereof the following :
That the Denver Pacific Railway and Telegraph
Company, a company incorporated under ttie laws
ot the Territory of Colorado, is hereby authorized
to counect its road and telegraph with tue Union
Pacific railroad and telegraph at or near Cne>eune,
and ivirii the Union Pacific railway, oastemdivi&ion,
at JDcnvor, and shall have a unitorin gauge, rate ot
height, and tare, and charge tor haming ot cars
and the privileges and immunities, except subsidy
in bonds, and bo subject to the obligations ot the
Union Pacilic Railroad Company and us branches,
and to aid in its construction shall have like grants
of lauds, right ot way, with like conditions, limit-
ations, and privileges: JJrovided,patents way
ben-sued to said company whenever it shall have com-
pleted twenty eon&ecuuve miles oi itsiaiiioad and
telegraph line, instead of forty mites, tu>wpio-
vuled by law, whenever said company t>lull liie in
tiio Department ot the Intenor a cei tiheate ot iU >
Governor and mu veyor general of Colorado, whether
a Territory or a State, duly sworn to by them before
tho judge of some court ot record in Colorado, that
twenty consecutive miles of tho raihoadand teie-
gi.xph line of said company have been luliy com-
pleted in a good and suostantiat manner, as contem-
plated by tins act; and upon the connection ot tne
Union Pacilic raiiioad and telegrapn, eastern ui. i&-
ison, with said railroad and telegrapn atDenv cr City,
said company shall be entitled to the same riguts
and pnvileges us it the whole line nad b^en con-
bti uct cd by said eastern division company. Tne line
from Denver to Che.\enne shall bo taken in lieu ot
its construction of said portion ot its loute, and ail
tho provisions contained in thu several acio oi Con-
gress iclating to the operation ot the Union Pacuic
railroad and telegraph, the Central Pacific of Cali-
fornia, and the biancnes ot said Union Paciiio raii-
ioad and telegraph so iur as tho Government, tne
publ ic, and said railroad aud branches are concerned,
shall apply to the operation oi said Denver Pacific
vailvvay and telegraph, tliesameus lftuey wc o neie
lepeated. Tue design being to provide mat tnesaid
load .shall tor me purpose of through business be
operated without change ot ears or breaking ouik.
And be it Jurther resolved, That the Union Pacific
Itailroad Company, eastern division, may mortgage
that part ot its load between the point where iu
subsidy in bonds shall terminate and Denver Cu\,
together with iW rolling-stock, to an amount not ex-
ceeding $3^,000 per mile, wmcn point shall be neid
and construed under existing laws to be at or near
Cheyenne Weiis, in Colorado, and notlunhei ueet
than the meridian ot said welis; and tho Denver
Pacific Railway and Telegraph Company may inoi t-
gage ith road and rolling-stock to a like amount, tor
the purpose of enabling said companies tu bonow
money to construct their said roads.
And be it Jurthcr resolved, Tliat this act shall not
take eilettandgo into operation until the said Union
1 neihe Railway Company, eastern division, suail, by
a voteot its directors, have given its con^-ut to tx o
same, and have fited a certificate to that eilect under
the corporate seal of {-.aid company, attested uy it*
president and secretaiy, in the Department ot th«"
interior. And the grants herein made to said Denver
i aoilie llaiiway and Telegraph Company are made
upon condition that said eumpauy snail compete
and put in operation its whole iincot railroad" and
telegraph by the 1st day of January, A. D, lsru.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
point of order that is not germane.
The SPEAKER. It is not germane. The
title ot a bill controls its scope, except where
title16 b°dy Ul0 blU' U haS a SC°pe be-vond
Mr. M, ASHBUIINE, of Illinois. Would it.
be m order to offer it as an amendment iu a
bill that is already a law? f .Laughter }
The SP13AKKU. It would not. J
tw'ti ^SHBUIiNE, of Illinois. I move
that the bill be laid ou the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SEXATE.
_ A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham
its {secretary, announced that, the President of
the united tjtatas Having returned to the Sen-
ate, in which it originated, the bill (S. No 5tm
relative to the Freedmen's Bureau, and provid-
