1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2431
giving legal effect to the acts of Parliament
which called that monarch to the throne and
deposed his predecessor. I am not disposed
to question the soundness of this view, nor the
omnipotence of Parliament in the premises.
To apply these principles to the point in
question it is only necessary for us to ascer-
tain whether the organizations existing in the
South succecded to the former ones by the
operation of law or by revolution. At the
commencement of the rebellion a State gov-
ernment existed and was recognized by the
United States in Georgia. Is the present one
either that or its legitimate successor? Did the
present one arise out of the former by any
regular legal process, or was it raised up antago-
nistic to the former and upon its ruins? His-
tory alone can determine this question.
It is not necessary to my argument to main-
tain that the people of Georgia forfeited their
State government by rebellion. I might even
admit, though I do not, that that government
survived the war and was in full legal opera-
tion, as a component member of the Union, at
its close. It is sufficient for me to commence
with the events of the summer of 1865. Shortly
after the surrender of Lee the President, as
Commander in-Chief ofthe forces of the United
States, took military possession of Georgia,
deposed the executive, legislative, and judicial
officers of the Government he found there,
established a temporary organization and ap-
pointed a provisional governor.
Whether he did right or wrong in this, no
one will pretend that it was done pursuant to
the laws of Georgia. No one will pretend
that thegovernment he instituted was either the
preexisting one or its regular and legitimate
successor. If matters had stopped there, at
least, the old government was destroyed.
But the President did more. lie issued his
proclamation to the people of Georgia, in
which he declared that the rebellion in its con-
sequences had left them entirely without civil
government, and he called upon them to meet
at times and places designated by him, and
form a State government according to regula-
tions which he prescribed. In those regula-
t ons h<> lixed the qualifications of voters, grant-
ing and withholding suffrage where he saw fit.
Now, by whatever authority this was done, no
one can pretend that it was done pursuant to
the laws of-Georgia. The result of all this is
the organization existing there, and that organ-
ization is therefore the mere creature of the
President's proclamation. It has no validity
except what is derived from the fiat of the Ex-
ecutive. The constitution framed under the
direction of the President was never even sub-
mitted to the votes of the people of Georgia.
It is a fixed fact, riot to be controverted by the
advocates of the indestructibility of State
governments, that the State government of
Georgia which existed in 1860, and was recog-
nized by the United States, was destroyed, and
thatthe present one was founded upon its ruins.
Grant that the destroying and recreating power
had no legal right to do all this, still the stub-
born historical fact remains that all this was
done, and not alone in Georgia, but in all the
other unreconstructed States.
Now, these creatures of executive legislation;
these organizations which sprang up in the
summer of 1865 where all civil government
had been destroyed, have never been "recog-
nized and acknowledged" by Congress. The
proposition of my colleague, therefore, is not
true.
The controversy about these organizations
is simply this: the President and Congress
both agree that upon the final surrender of
the rebels no civil governments existed in the
South which could be recognized as States of
the Union. Both agree that it was proper and
necessary that the inhabitants of that country
should be empowered to create State govern-
ments; both agree that the prescribing of the
time, place, and manner of doing this, the
qualifications of electors and officers, and the
general scope of the authority of conventions
must be done in some way by the Government
of the United States. But here the difference
of opinion begins. The President maintains
that he alone can do this, and that in doing
it he needs no law, that he is a law unto him-
self. On the other hand, Congress maintains
that doing this is legislation; that forming State
governments can only be done under enabling
acts. The President has issued his proclama-
tions, and under them his organizations have
sprung up. Congress has passed its enabling
acts, and under them the people of that coun-
try are forming new State governments. It is
this latter process which my learned colleague
calls unconstitutional.
It is remarkable that the gentleman has no
word of complaint of the President's procla-
mations. It is strange that he should tacitly
even indorse the executive usurpation which
pronounced the original States destroyed and
made new ones, fashioning them according to
his own single will and pleasure, without con-
sulting the people interested, without even sub-
mitting them to those people for adoption or
rejection. It is strange that an ex-judge of
the supreme court of Pennsylvania should
accord to the President's proclamation more
legal force than to an act of Congress. Let me
ask him by virtue of what provision of the
Constitution the Executive creates States at
pleasure either in conquered territory or any-
where else?
Yet my amiable colleague frets and fumes
because there are no representatives in either
House of Congress from these presidential
abortions. He even thinks we can-not legally
impeach Andrew Johnson because those crea-
tures of his are not represented. Hear him:
"Mr. Speaker, so sure I am that the American peo-
ple will respect this objection that 1 will say, if I
were the President's counselor, which I am not, I
would advise him, if you prefer articles of impeach-
ment, to demur both to your jurisdiction and thatof
the Senate, and to issue a proclamation giving you
and all the world notice that whilo ho held himself
impeachable for misdemeanors in offico before the
constitutional tribunal, he never would subject tho
oflico he holds in trust for the people to the irregular,
unconstitutional, fragmentary bodieswho propose to
strip him of it. Such a proclamation, with the Army
and Navy in hand to sustain it, would meet a popu-
lar response that would make an end of impeach-
ment and impeachers."
The foregoing delicious morsel of doubly
distilled democracy is taken from the speech
of my estimable colleague, delivered, or rather
purportingto have been delivered, in the House
of Representatives on the 4th of February last.
The actual delivery of such sentiments in the
House would probably have brought down its
censure upon the person uttering them. It
may not be known to the country that there is
a mode of getting into the published proceed-
ings words which it would not be safe to utter
upon this floor. I say purporting to have been
delivered with reason, for the eloquent remarks
first found existence for the enlightenment of
the world published in the Daily Globe.
The remarks themselves are a truthful expo-
sition of the gentleman's political sentiments.
As mere words they would do credit to a leader
of the southern democracy in 1801, but they
are mere words. There is no fight in the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. This is a fair
sample of the sayings of the Democratic leaders
of his section at the breaking out of the re-
bellion, and I caution the President now not
to be deceived by them. Let him take warn-
ing by the late rebels who listened to the same
language from their political associates in the
North, and found, to their sorrow, when too
late, that northern professions and northern
pledges of assistance were words, mere words.
I trust, therefore, that Andrew Johnson will
not count on too much assistance from this
quarter; that he will not be betrayed by demo-
cratic professions, which are sure to prove false,
into using the Army and Navy " to make an
end of impeachment and impeachers," and to
hold by force his office against " the irregular,
unconstitutional, and -fragmentary bodies wlio
propose to strip him of it."
If my colleague were the adviser of the Pres-
ident, he would counsel him to issue a procla-
mation. The gentleman has great faith in
proclamations. They have already created his
ten pet States, and now he wants them to
answer eleven articles of impeachment! Im-
agine the President establishing his military
headquarters at the White House and defend-
ing bis position with this species of artillery 1
See him, supported by his gallant Pennsylvania
champion, intrenched behind a bulwark of fools-
cap and up to his knees in ink, firing procla-
mations at long range against the loyal millions
of America. Probably they might be more
effective than "the feeble javelin of aged
Priam," but recent experiments with these
thingshave not been encouraging. The "chief
of thelost cause" tried them. He issued proc-
lamations, and against the same enemy, butthey
did not save him.
Let it be fully understood that the gentleman
is not here urging the claims of the State gov-
ernments which existed in the South in 1860.
These, as I have shown, have long ceased to
exist. He is the especial advocate of those
created by presidential usurpation after the
destruction of the former ones. He justifies
this usurpation because he sets up it's results as
legal. Any one unacquainted with his peculiar
political principles would be at a loss to de-
termine upon what ground he concedes to the
President alone the right to create States.
Does a knowledge of those principles solve the
enigma? Is his preference for irresponsible
executive power due to the fact that the Presi-
dent's attempts at reconstruction have placed
the South in the possession of the late rebels?
have effected a complete surrender to the enemy
of all we gained by the expenditure of so much
blood and treasure ? Was he one of those, who
during the entire war prophesied its ultimate
failure on our part and are disappointed by the
non-fulfillment of their prophecy? Jt would
afford nie pleasure to answer these questions in
the negative, but 1 dare not.
The leading complaint of my colleague against
the reconstruction acts is that they extend the
right of suffrage to black men. He is afraid
of negro domination in America, yet he pro-
fesses to be a friend to the black man. For his
own good he thinks the right of suffrage should
be denied him. Possibly it might be better for
us all to be well governed by a good monarch,
but it is difficult to make us think so.
The granting of the right of suffrage to the
loyal men of the South, without regard to race,
was demanded by the loyal white men as a
means of protection against the unrepentant
enemies ofthe country, and it would have been
an act of unparalleled baseness to refuse it. But
there is a higher and holier reason. During
the entire rebellion no black man was ever
found willingly fighting in the ranks of the
enemy. No (jnion soldier ever asked aid of a
black man and was refused. No refugee from
rebel oppression ever hesitated to trust his life
to the black man, and in no single instance
was the trust ever violated. True, when all
around them were false, they fought nobly for
the country to which they owed so little. If
the black men of the South had been as traitor-
ous as the white men, the flag of the country
would never have reappeared upon Fort Sumter.
The right to participate in the Government was
purchased for their race by the blood of black
men, shed upon every battle-field of the South,
and he who would deny the right now is
unworthy the name of an American citizen.
There is a still higher and holier reason. In
the day of our trouble, when we invoked the
aid ofthe Ruler of nations to remove the heel
of the oppressor from our necks, we declared
that all men are created equal, and that Gov-
ernments derive their just powers from the
consent of the governed. On ninety annual
returns of the day we have solemnly reaffirmed
these truths. Now, the blacks of America are
men. They are among the governed. Thus,
by our own solemn showing, they are created
our equals, and their consent is necessary to
the just powers of the common Government.
This consent is something more than mere-
submission. The galley-slave submits ; t e
victims of oppression everywhere submit. We
