THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
to issue au order for such a purpose. The
sixth section is the only one on the subject of
removal, and that provides :
"That every removal" "made" "contrary to the
provisions ot this act" "shall be deemed, and is
hereby declared to be, a high misdemeanor;"
and is made punishable by fine not exceeding
510,000, or by imprisonment not exceeding five
years, or both, at the discretion of the court.
No latitude of construction can torture an
attempt to make a removal into an actual re-
moval, or can turn an abortive effort to do a
given tiling into the accomplished fact. Such
a latitude of construction could not be allowed
where the rule of construction is least re-
stricted, and least of all in a penal statute
where the rule of construction is (he most re-
stricted.
It seems a waste of words to argue this
point further. There is a total failure of the
case upon the first article on this point, if we
had none other. And yet this article is (lie i
head and front of the entire case. Strike it
out and all that remains is ''leather and pru-
nella."
But, Senators, if you should be of opinion
that the tenure-of-office act protected Mr.
Stanton, and that the attempt to remove him
was equivalent to a removal, we next main-
tain—
First, That the President had a right to
construe tlie law Cor himself, and it', in the
exercise of that right, he committed an error
of construction, and acted under that error,
he is not to be held responsible.
Second, If he had so construed the law as
to be ot opinion that Mr. Stanton was intended
to be protected by it against his power of re-
moval, and was also of opinion that the law
in that respect was contrary to the Constitu-
tion, he is not to be held reponsible if he
therein committed an error.
I proceed to argue these points in the order
in which they have been stated. First, then,
is the President responsible for an official act
done by him under an erroneous construction
of an act of Congress? I agree that ignorance
or misconception of the law does not, in gen-
eral, excuse a party from civil or criminal lia-
bility for an act contrary to law. But tiiis well-
established rule has exceptions equally well
established, and the ease here falls within one
of the exceptions, and not within the rule.
Where a law is passed which concerns the
Piesident and touches his oliicial duties it is
not only his right but his duty to determine
for himself what is the true construction of the
law, and to act, or refuse to act, according to
that determination, whatever it may be. lie
is an executive oflicer, not a mere ministerial
officer. He is invested with a discretion, with
the right to form a judgment, and to act under
his judgment so formed, however erroneous.
No such discretion is allowed to a ministerial
ollicer. His business is not to construe the
law, but merely to perform it, and he acts at
his peril if he does not do that which is com-
manded by reason of an erroneous construc-
tion, however honestly entertained.
But, as I have said, the President is not a
ministerial officer. His tunction is not merely
to execute laws, but to construe them as well.
The Constitution makes this too clear for ques-
tion. It does not, it is true, vest him with
judicial power, which always implies the ex-
ercise of discretion. It vests him with the
executive power, but, nevertheless, with a dis-
cretion as to the mode of its execution. The ,
Constitution contemplates that, in the exeicise ;
of that executive power, he may be involved '
in doubt and perplexity as to the manner of its ;
exercise, and, therefore, gives him the priv- ]
ilege of resorting to his Cabinet officers for j
advice. 'The Constitution binds him by an oath '
not only faithfully to execute his office, not j
merely to carry into execution laws of Con-
gress, but also, to the best of his ability, to
preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution
itself. This great trust implies the exercise
of a large discretion.
It is sufficient, upon this point, to cite a late
opinion of the Supreme Court of the United
States, in what is called the Mississippi injunc-
tion case, decided in April, 1867. Mr. Chief
Justice Chase, delivering the opinion of the
court, says;
" It is assumed by the counscl for the State of
Mississippi that the President, in tho execution of
the reconstruction acts, is required to pei form a mere
ministerial duty. In this assumption there is, wo
think, a confounding of the terms ministerial and
executive, which are by no mea.ns equivalent in im-
port. A ministerial duty, the performance of which
may, in proper eases, be required of a head of a De-
partment by judicial process, is one in respect to
which nothing is left to discretion. It is a simple,
definite duty, arising under conditions admitted or
proved to exist, or imposed by law,"
After citing some cases ofmerely ministerial
duty, the Chief Justice proceeds as follows:
^ " In each of these cases nothing was left to discre-
tion. There was no room fertile exercise of judg-
ment. The law required the performance of a single,
specific act, and that performance, itwas held, might
be required by mandamus. Very different is tho duty
of the President in the cxcrcise of tho power to sco
that the laws are hiithtully executed, and among
those laws tho acts naoicd 111 the bill. The duty thus
imposed on the President is in no just sense minis-
terial. It is purely executive and political. Au
attempt on the part ot the judicial department, of
thotiovernment to emoin tile performance of such
dune* by the President mif?hf be instty character-
ized, in the language of Chief .1 ustice Marshall, as
au 'absiud and oxeessivc exti ,u agance.' It is due
that, in the in.-tance before u-, the interposition et
thecourt is not sought tocnfoiee action b.\ theExee-
uti\ e under constitutional legislation, but to re-
strain such action under legislation alleged to be
unconstitutional. But we are tillable to perceive
that this eir'umstance take,-- the ea.-o out of tile
general principle which forlml-, nidieial interference
with the cxei ew; of executi\ e di^ei el ion."
When, therefore, this tenuro-of-otliee act
came to be considered by tho President iti refer-
ence to bis purpose lo remove -Mr. Stanton
from office, he had a right ami it was his duty
to decide for himself whether the proposed re-
moval of Mr. Stanton was or was not lot bidden
by the act. As yet that act had received 110
construction by the judicial depaitmetif, nor
had the President any authority to send the act
to the Supreme Court, and require the judg-
ment of that court upon its true meaning. The
Constitution gave him 110 ri ht to resort to the
judges for advice. He could not settle his
doubts, if lie entertained doubts, by asking any
other opinions than those of the heads of
Departments.
But the President was not even required to
ask the advice of his Cabinet, nor even of his
Attorney General, to which officer he may re-
sort for advice as a bend of Department under
the provisions of the Constitution, and whose
special duty it is made by an act of Congress
to give the President advice when called for by
him 011 any question of law. The President,
although such aids are given to him by the
Constitution in forming his judgment 011 a ques-
tion of law, is not bound to resort to them.
He may tlo so out of abundant, caution, but
such is his own latitude of discretion that he
may act without invoking such aid, or he may
reject the advice whenasked for andgiveti, and
lawfully decide for himself, though perhaps not
so wisely or cautiously.
Besides this late authoritative exposition, as
to the discretionary power of the President,
there is abundance of other authority entitled
to the gravest consideration, which might be
adduced to the same effect, and which I pro-
pose to introduce upon the next point, which
I now proceed to consider, and that point is,
that if the President had so construed this ten-
ure-of-offiee act as to be satisfied that Mr. Stan-
ton came within its piovisious, but was also of
opinion that the law in that respect was con-
trary to the Constitution, he is not to be held
responsible if therein he committed an error.
The case in that aspect stood thus : here was
an act of Congress which, in the construction
given to it by the President, forbade the re-
moval of Mr. Stanton from the War Depart-
ment. 'The President, in the exercise of his
executive functions and of his duty to see that
the laws were faithfully executed, came to the
conclusion that in the execution of so much
of this executive duty as had relation to the
administration of the War Department, it was
expedient to place it iu the hands of another
person. His relations with Mr. Stanton were
such that he felt unwilling any longer to be re-
sponsible for his acts in the administration of
that Department, or to trust him as one of his
confidential advisers. The question at once
arose whether this right of removal denied to
him by this law, was given to him by the Con-
stitution ; or, to state it in other words, whether
this law was in this respect in pursuance of
the Constitution.
Now, it appears that his opinion upon this
question had been made up deliberately. When
this same law was on its passage and had been
presented to him for his approval, his opinion
was formed that it was in violation of the Con-
stitution. He refused to approve it, and re-
turned it to Congress with a message iiu.which
this opinion was distinctly announced. It
passed, notwithstanding, bv a constitutional
majority in both Houses. No one doubts that
then, at least, he had a perfect right to exercise
a discretion, and 110 one has ever yet asserted
that an error in an opinion so formed involved
linn in any liability.
The exercise of that veto power exhausted
all his means of resistance to what he deemed
au unconstitutional act, in his legislative capa-
city ; and so far as the law provided a rule of
action for others than himself, 110 other means
of resistance were left to him. But this law
was directly aimed at him and the exercise of
the executive power vested in him by the Con-
stitution. When, therefore, he came a second
time to consider it, it was in tho discharge of
an executive duty. Had ho then no discretion
of any sort? Was he bound to act in a merely
ministerial capacity? Having once finally ex-
ercised a discretion ill his legislative capacity to
prevent the passage of the law, was he thereby
deprived of his discretion in his executive capa-
city when he was called upon to act under it?
It has been said, that a law passed over a
President's veto by a majority of two thirds,
has a greater sanction than a law passed in the
ordinary way by a mere majority. I know
that there are those who, while they admit
that, as to a law passed in the ordinary mode
by the concurrent acts of the two Houses and
the President, it may be questioned 011 the
score of unconstitutionality, yet maintain that
a law not passed by such a concurrence, but
by the separate action of the two Houses with-
out the concurrence of the Executive, or
against his will, is something superior to ordi-
nary legislation, and takes the character of a
fundamental or organic enactment. But this
is a modern heresy unsustained by the slightest
reason or authority. It is at last but a legis-
lative act. It stands upon an equal footing
with other legislative acts. It cannot be put
upon higher ground or lower ground. No
distinction is allowable between the one and
the other. But, if it were, it certainly would
seem more reasonable that such a law passed
by one coordinate department, would stand on
lower ground than a law passed with full con-
currence of both departments.
'The question then recurs, is the President
invested with a discretion in his executive
capacity? In the exercise of that discretion
may he compare the law with the Constitution,
and if, in his opinion, the law vests him with
a power not granted by the Constitution, or
deprives him of a power which the Constitu-
tion does grant, may he refuse to execute the
power so given, or proceed to execute the
power so taken away? Wc have already cited
a late decision of tho Supreme Court directly
in point. That presented the direct question
whether, as to the reconstruction acts, passed
like this tenure-of-civil-ofiiee act, by a vote of
two thirds in each House, the President had,
notwithstanding, in reference to those laws, an
executive discretion. The decision maintains
that he had.
I now proceed to show that this is no mod-
ern doctrine. The authorities which I shall
cite go beyond the necessities of this case.
Some of them go to the length of assorting that
this executive discretion survives even after the
passage of the law by the legislative departm en t,
