1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28
President then states " another reason for
retracing our steps," which he says :
" "Will doubtless be seen by Congress in the late
manifestations of public opinion upon this subject.
We live in a country where the popular will always
enforces obedience to itself, sooner or later. It i3
vain to think of opposing it with anything short of
les.tl authority, backed by overwhelming force."
Certainly the President does not intimate j
that he proposes to oppose the last expression
of popular will : it is, so far as he is concerned,
in his favor:
" It cannot have escaped your attention that from
the (lay on which Congress fairly and formally pre-
sented the proposition to govern the southern States
by military force, with a view to the ultimate estab-
lishment of negro supremacy, every expression of
the general sentiment has been more or less adverse
to it."
Now, will Senators say that the remark that
this was done '-with a view to the ultimate
establishment of negro supremacy" is disre-
spectful to Congress ? Was not that your view ?
Was not that the object? Has not the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] to-day
avowed it? Has he not declared in express
language that "we put the destinies of that
portion of the country in the hands of the
blacks"—I took down his very words.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; I said in the hands
of the black men, the loyal white men who were
true to the country, and repentant rebels.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator said that the
President had doubted the competency of the
black men to vote, not of the repentant rebels
to vote. That was the question upon which he
was speaking, and he then went on to show that
they were competent because they had not been
influenced by Wade Hampton but had voted
with the Republican party, and then he said
" these men in whose hands we put the desti-
nies of that portion of the country have shown
themselves competent." The report of the
debate will, I think, show that I am right.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator will certainly
find that I included in my remark the loyal
white men of that part of the country, and I
spoke also of repentant rebels, because many
of the rebels are working and toiling for the
reconstruction policy of Congress as hard as
any other class of men. Some of them who
were in the military service and attained the
position of major general in the rebel army
have used all their influence this year to carry
our policy, and in some of the States men who
have been leaders, who have been compromised
by the rebellfbn, and cannot vote or hold office,
have done this.
Mr. DIXON. Well, sir, with regard to that
question, whether those States are under the
control of the black population, it is unneces-
sary to make any remark. It is a notorious,
acknowledged fact. How is it that seven hun-
dred thousand black men govern the South;
how is it that they govern the white population,
ten million in number, of that country, unless
your law has provided that they, and they alone,
shall control the ballot-box? Sir, it is not my
objection solely to your bills that some portion
of the black men are by them permitted to vote.
There is a greater objection than that. You
have not only by your bills permitted the blacks
of the South, the emancipated slaves, to vote,
but you have actually disfranchised a great
proportion of the white men of that portion of
the country. j
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask in how many
of the southern States the blacks are in the j
majority according to the registration? ;
Mr. DIXON. I think the Senator will find J
that in the recent elections under the registra- !
tion made by authority of these reconstruction j
acts, so-called, the blacks control the southern i
States. |
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not answer j
the question. I was asking my friend, accord- j
ing to the registration, not according to the :
voting, in how many of the States does it ap- i
pear that the negroes are In the majority of I
registered voters.
Mr. DIXON. It possibly may be in some J
of these States that on examining the regis- i
tration you may find the whites in the majority, i
EDMUNDS. You will in almost every
Mr.
case.
Mr. DIXON. But, as the Senator very well
, knows, if you take a mass of black men, or of
any other men, and let them start, for example,
with eighty thousand votes, it is very easy for
them and very natural to gain some strength
j from those on the other side. It is not certain
that the whites and the blacks are entirely
divided by the line of color, but the Senator
will find it very nearly so. All the accounts
: in the papers which we have received on both
sides have stated that the blacks vote in a body
and the white men as a general thing in another
body ; and not only that, but the Senator can-
not be blind to the fact that wherever a black
man has had the audacity, or the courage, or
the treachery, call it what you will, to vote for
the conservative or white ticket, he has been
personally abused and insulted by the blacks.
That is well known.
But, sir, the complaint seems to be that the
President says that the object of Congress was
to place these States under black supremacy.
That has been the result. The Senator from
Massachusetts, as I understood him, justified
and avowed this. At all events the result has
been so. I think, therefore, the President
cannot be accused of any want of respect to
Congress in saying that that was the intention
and object of the law, if that is the fair mean-
ing of his language. He says that these acts
were passed "with a view to the ultimate
establishment of negro supremacy." I think
Congress is bound to be supposed to have had
in view what was the natural and necessary
consequeuce of the act.
But I read further from the message:
" The affections of this generation cannot be de-
tached from the institutions of their ancestors. Their
determination to preserve the inheritance of free
government in their own hands, and transmit it
undivided and unimpaired to their own posterity, is
too strong to be successfully opposed. Every weaker
passion will disappear before that love of liberty and
law for which the American people are distinguished
above all others in the world.
" How far the duty of the President ' to preserve,
protect, and defend the Constitution' requires him
to go in opposing an unconstitutional act of Congress
is a very serious and important question, on which I
have deliberated much, and felt extremely anxious
to reach a proper conclusion."
That subject was brought to the attention of
the President necessarily; he could not avoid
it. The question was raised by others. He
was charged with a design to nullify and dis-
regard the acts of Congress with regard to
reconstruction on the ground that they were
unconstitutional. That has been said in both
Houses of Congress. It has been said in the
public prints everywhere. It has been sup-
posed by some that he would not think it his
duty to execute those acts. He says it is a
subject which he has considered:
"Where an act has been passed according to the
forms of the Constitution by the supreme legislative
authority, and is regularly enrolled among the public
statutes of the country, executive resistance to it,
especially in times of high party excitement, would
be likely to produce violent collision between the
respective adherents of the two branches of theGov-
ernment. This would be simply civil war; and civil
war must be resorted to only as the last remedy for
the worst of evils. Whatever might tend to provoke
it should be most carefully avoided."
Is that advocating the doctrine of opposing
the execution of the laws? He is giving a
reason for enforcing the act. He has enforced
it. He believes it to be unconstitutional; he
told you so in his veto message; but notwith-
standing that, it is in his judgment his duty, it
being on the statute-book, to consider it so far
as his executive action goes, a constitutional
law of the land. I opposed these bills as uncon-
stitutional. When I, in my capacity as a Sen-
ator, have unavailingly resisted a law on its
passage, am I not to submit to it as a law of
the land? Because I believe it to-day to be
unconstitutional shall I refuse to be governed
by it to-morrow, if it be enacted? That is not
my doctrine. That is not the President's
doctrine. He says:
"A faithful and conscientious magistrate will con-
cedo very much to honest error, and something evon
to perverse malice, before he will endanger the pub-
lic peaoo; and ha will not adopt forcible measures, or
such as might lead to force, as long as those which
are peaceable remain open to him or to his constit-
uents."
The President, I think, may very well sav
that he is at this day subject to the attacks of
men governed either by "honest error" or
"perverse malice." I read further:
" It is true that cases may occur in which the Exec-
utive would be compelled to stand on his rights, and
maintain them, regardless of all consequences. If
Congress should pass an act which is not only in pal-
pable conflict with the Constitution, but will certainly,
if carried out, produce immediate and irreparable
injury to the organic structure of the Government,
and if there be neither judicial remedy for the wrongs
it inflicts, nor power in the people to protect them-
selves without theoflicial aid of their elected defender:
if, for instance, the legislative department should
pass an act, even through all the forms of law, to
abolish a coordinate department of the Government;
in such a case the President must take the high respon-
sibilities of his office and save the life of the nation
at all hazards."
That is a hypothetical case, an extreme
case.
Mr. HOWARD. Who is the "elected
defender?"
Mr. DIXON. The Senator, I suppose,
knows as well as I do. Is it a crime for the
President of the United States to say that he
is a defender of the Constitution? Is that the
charge ? Certainly I have thought sometimes
that it was a crime in the minds of some men
that it was not only proof of guilt but guilt
itself to advocate the Constitution and to de-
fend it. Does the Senator mean to say that
that is disrespectful to the Congress of the
United States?
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me I will say this just here: that I do not
consider that language,'' the elected defender,''
as being particularly disrespectful to Congress.
I simply say in answer to the question that I
think the expression as used by the President
in his message is arrogant and unauthorized ;
that it is not constitutional language. He is
no more the deferfder of the Constitution than
I am here in my place. He is invested with
more powers, to be sure, but his obligation is-
precisely the same, and I think, therefore, it is
in very bad taste for the President of the Uni-
ted States to assume that he is "the elected
defender" par excellence of the Constitution.
It is an assumption on his part by which he
seeks to place himself above the law-making
power and to become its dictator.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator says it is "arro-
gant," "presumption," "in bad taste" on
the part of the President of the United States
to call himself the defender of the Constitu
tion : that it is unconstitutional language. Let
us see the oath which he is required by the
Constitution to take :
"I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faith-
fully execute the office of President of the United
States, and will, to the best of my ability, preserve,
protect, and defend, the Constitution of the United
States."
That is the very language of his oath. What
is a defender of the Constitution but a man
who is bound to defend it? Is that arrogant
language? Now will the Senator say that that
oath throws no light on that subject? It is a
very different form of oath from that which the
Senator himself takes. He takes 110 such oath.
The Constitution only requires a Senator to
swear to support the Constitution. Why was
the oath in the two cases expressed indifferent
language? If the President of the United
States sees fit to declare himself, after having
sworn to defend the Constitution, its "elected
defender,'' I can see nothing in that disrespect-
ful to Congress, nor can I see anything arro-
gant in it. It is his duty to defend the Con-
stitution of the United States in all proper,
legal, and constitutional modes.
He says that "if the legislative department
should pass an act" "to abolish a coordinate
department of the Government," "the Presi
dent must take the high responsibilities of his
office, and save the life of the nation at all haz-
ards."
Does any Senator doubt that ? Are there
not cases when the President of the United
States is bound to assume high responsibilities
