1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1407
The love of party power is a motive too feeble
for such grand results. Sir, thesplendidaehieve-
ments of that party are destined to glow upon
your records with a luster all their own, and
have sprung fromimpulses mightier and loftier
than the low aspiration for political aggran-
dizement. The historian who shall hereafter
trace up these great events to the moral forces
which produced them will find it was the old
antagonism between popular liberty and arbi-
trary power which inspired the Titanic strug-
gle, which rocked this nation for half a decade,
and still agitates it from center to circumfer-
ence. It is from the ashes of such revolutions
that nations rise regenerated and free; there
republics have their birth, and the guarantees
of liberty are secured.
The Democracy now assume to be the special
guardians of the Constitution, and clamor for
the letter of the bond as Shyloek did for his.
With Pharisaic rigor they deny to the instru-
ment any element of power not familiar to
their school or brought into exercise in periods
of profound peace.
Within the last five years they have plead the
Constitution against the maintenance of the
Union by force ; against the raising of armies
and the arrest of the abetters of treason; against
the issue of a national currency and the eman-
cipation of slaves; against the bestowal of
civil rights and political privileges upon loyal
citizens whose only hope and protection were
in the national Legislature. They now deny
the right of Congress to restore republican
governments to insurrectionary States.
Sir, their policy in the past would have' de-
stroyed the .Republic; in the future it would
lead to incurable sectional animosity, the de-
cline of business, and finally to national bank-
ruptcy.
if the people have delegated to the national
Government any power, they have laid upon
it the obligation to perpetuate to the States
their civil institutions. It is fundamental.
The whole fabric of political rights rests upon
tins obligation. It is the correlative of alle-
giance, and can be demanded at our hands.
The Constitution was framed in the interests
of liberty, and if it fails to secure these, as I
believe it does not, there are unchartered rights
which demand its amendment.
Sir, it is idle, nay, it is madness, to attempt
to arrest a revolution which has sundered all
the old ligaments of society by parchment
restrictions. The tides of the sea were not
arrested at the feet of royalty by the command
of Canute, neither will the discords of this na-
tion be still till you have satisfied the demands
of universal liberty in which interest the storm
was raised.
The popular will is the paramount authority.
Constitutions are the legislation of the people,
and like other laws must be conformed to
national progress. You cannot restrain the
phenomena of nature to fixed theories, but
must mold your philosophy to meet an en-
larged range and more perfect knowledge of
facts. The science of one generation becomes
largely the lumber of the next; so constitu-
tions and laws which express the ideas and will
of one age, if they do not change with the ad-
vancement of society will be crushed like dead
leaves in the march of an army.
I was gratified in listening to the able speech
of the honorable Senator from Indiana, to
learn that even the Democratic party is be-
ing educated by events. They lag upon the
stage and ridicule progress, but still are pressed
on. State sovereignty, the right of secession,
and the want of power in the national Gov-
ernment to coerce a State, have been rung
abroad with such a clamor of Democratic ora-
tory, that the din is still in our ears ; and yet
this master in the Democratic school denies
"that a convention of the people, that the
Legislature of the State, or any assemblage of j
the people whatever can voluntarily terminate
the existence of a State government, and thus
cut off their connection with the Federal
Union." Why, sir, he stood up with the front
of Jove, and fulminated thus with our thunder,
as though it had been all his own. Do not
these gentlemen see that they have pitched
their camp in our territory and are handling
our arms ? Do they expect thus to demoralize
our forces and secure ourpolitical possessions?
If they do, they are destined to disappoint-
ment. Nevertheless, I am glad to see that
they are advancing. It not only proves the
strength and justice of our principles, but
shows that "while the lamp holds out to burn
the vilest sinner may return."
It was no part of the original design of the
southern people to destroy their State govern-
ments, but to throw off and expel the General
Government for the purpose of reorganizing
their States into a new confederation, based
upon slavery and made to harmonize with the
industrial and social systems which had pre-
vailed among them through all their history,
and had molded the character and habits of
the people. The State governments exhausted
their admiration and fealty. They held that
their allegiance to them was paramount; that
it overrode their loyalty to the Federal Govern-
ment, and rendered them innocent of the crime
of treason in the violent and bloody issue. They
desired to maintain State organizations, not
simply to secure public order and the general
ends of government, but that Vhey might the
better organize and wield the resources and
power of the States. They desired only, but
at once and forever, to become independent of
the national Government. But sir, it is now
conceded on all hands, I believe, that the peo-
ple of a State cannot, by any ordinance, how-
ever passed, transfer nor withdraw their alle-
giance from the General Government, cannot
sunder the umbilical cord which binds them to
the parent State. This can only be done by
common consent outside of constitutional pro-
visions, or by violent and successful revolution.
But, sir, in the arbitrament of arms, the in-
surgent States did not prevail ; they did not
even succeed in so far protracting the war as
to secure the recognition of their independence
by any Christian Government. Hence, when
the national power crushed the insurrrection,
it was both its right and duty to reenter the
South and protect society against the animos-
ities, the violence, and disorder incident to the
close of civil war. It was its duty to renew
the functions of Federal authority in the con-
quered States, and this could only be done
completely by a reorganization of the State
governments.
Says Dana, in his notes on Wheaton :
"An entire political and civil restitution is not
completed until the civil tribunals of the General
Government can exercise their authority peacefully
within tho limits ot' each State and the functions of
that Government be fully discharged. This requires,
by tho free system of the United States, a loyal co-
operation of tho people who exercise political power
within ea^li State, since they must hold many of the
offices aud compose the juries for the trial of all
offenses. It is also necessary that the State gov-
ernments should be in active operation in conformity
with, and subordinate to, the Constitution of the
United States, not only for the administration of
the internal affairs of cach State, but to enable the
people of the State to have their share in the ad-
ministration of the government of the Republic.
Until these results nro reached the regions ot coun-
try lately in rebellion, with their inhabitants, are
held under tho forcible or military government of
the Republic as far as is necessary, although that
government is exercised to a great extent by civil
officers and civil methods."
Not only did the constitutional guarantee to
the people of the South of republican gov-
ernments require an intervention of national
power for the construction or reanimation of
State governments, but the rights of loyal
people of the North, who poured out their
wealth and blood for the Union, demanded this
more imperatively. Our interests require the
protection of capital, the immunity of labor,
the integrity of courts, and the income of un-
obstructed revenue, which well-ordered State
governments alone can yield. If the South
cannot or will not reorganize civil institutions
upon a loyal basis for its own welfare, then
Congress must do it in the interest of the rest
of the country. Both the moral and material
interests of the Republic require it. But, sir,
it is asserted that legitimate State governments
are now in existence, and that our work of
reconstruction is all unconstitutional and in-
jurious. That it has all been wise and judicious
I am not sure; but that it has been constitu-
tional I do not doubt.
It will hardly be contended, I think, by onr
political opponents, that the governments which
existed in the rebel States during the pendency
of the war were governments in the Union.
No State government can lawfully exist within
the territory of the Union outside of the em-
brace of the General Government, and yet no
local government can come into the sisterhood
of States except in the constitutional way, by
an act of Congress.
The rebel State governments did not come
in that. way. They rejected the Constitution,
denied the authority of the Government, and
existed in defiance of and in opposition to Con-
gress. They therefore had no legal existence
and fell with the rebellion, leaving no authority
in actual existence for the protection of society
but that of the General Government. There
was no lapse or hiatus, it is true, between the
loyal and disloyal governments. They were
the same in fact, but not the same in law. It
was as if my friend from Maine should become
a maniac. In both conditions of sanity and
insanity he would be the same man, but he
would die as a Senator with the loss of his rea-
son, and could not enter upon his functions in
this character again till he had been fully re-
stored to his normal condition. He might play
the Senator in his madness, butit would not be
legitimate legislation. If his peerless faculties
should be incurably shattered another would
fill the place he fills. The Senatorship would
not perish, the man would not die, but the po-
litical life of the Senator would cease. So,
when the State of South Carolina fell into the
madness of rebellion, the State did not perish,
but its government ceased its legislative func-
tions and was legally dead to the Union, though
there was still a de facto organization playing
the rule of government in that State. It was
as though the entire voting population of the
State had been swept away by a plague. If it
is any satisfaction, one may say the govern-
ment still existed potentially, but it had no
actual existence for want of men to uphold and
administer it; they had forfeited their political
rights, were politically dead, by the act of
treason.
It is asserted the right to reorganize the old
State governments reverted when the rebellion
was crushed to the loyal white people of the
several States. If the loyal white people had
sufficient numbers to elect a Representative to
Congress, or to organize a State and secure its
admission into the Union, I think the position -it
perfectly tenable. But then the right would
still rest with Congress to say how it should be
reorganized, when and upon what conditions it
should be readmitted to the Union. He is a
bold man who has the hardihood to assert that
a State in which nine tenths of the people have
been in open rebellion have renounced the
Constitution, and defied Federal authority,
through years of desolation and blood, can
lawfully resume, when subdued, its original
place in the Union, and claim all the rights of
an innocent and unoffending people. Why,
sir, such a position confounds right and wrong,
outrages our natural sense of justice, and tends
to bring both law and human reason into con-
tempt. "The legal status of each person en-
gaged in the rebellion," says Dana, "was
that of a criminal under the municipal law."
They were subdued traitors, and could have
no political power until it was restored to them
by an act of legislation; otherwise, if in tho
majority, the conquered rebels, on the restora-
tion of peace, would be entitled, by the right
of that majority, to rule the Republic and dic-
tate to the conqueror terms which they could
not secure by battle. The position is absurd
npon its very face. Congress, which is the re-
sponsible guardian of public safety and the
agent of political rights, could alone purge
them of disloyalty and restore tho privilege of
suffrage.
