24
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
to save this nation ? What did we say when
Abraham Lincoln found himself in a positiou
in wh'ch he was bound to defend the Constitu-
tion of the United States and save this Govern-
ment from destruction without law, and, as some
said, against law ? If anything which President
Lincoln ever did endeared him to the hearts
of the American people it was his taking the
responsibility in April, 1861, of defending the
Constitution of the United States against rebelB
who attacked it, although he was not then sus-
tained aud supported by the proper laws. We
actually made the laws afterward. We passed
bills of indemnity; we legalized his acts,
although at that time technically illegal, and
we sustained and justified him. Now, I think
nobody will deny that if it were possible to
suppose that Congress could nnder any cir-
cumstances be guilty of passing an act to
abolish the office of President of the United
States, one of the coordinate departments of
this Government—a thing which I do not sup-
pose possible, and which the President of the
United States only hypothetically states in his
message—it would be the duty of the President
to resist it. Of course this is a point which
needs no argument and no illustration.
Sir, I have said this much because the Pres-
ident has been charged with ill temper, with
disrespect, and with arrogance in this message.
I think he is not liable to that charge. I think
the message is respectful in its form and cor-
rect in its reasoning, as it is acknowledged to
be of unsurpassed ability. I know that the
President expresses himself warmly. He is a
man of earnest convictions, and believing what
he says to be true he declares it in earnest
and expressive language; and no doubt he is
somewhat strengthened—and it is natural that
it should be so—6y the fact that the people of
the United States in their recent elections
have stamped on this reconstruction policy
their condemnation in the clearest and most
explicit manner. • *
When this popular reaction commenced—
and I may claim, perhaps, that it commenced in
Connecticut—it was said that it was only local.
When in the State of Maine there was found
to be a change of public sentiment, so great as
to somewhat alarm gentlemen on the other
side, it was then declared to be merely on a
question of local police—a question whether
cider should be sold in the State of Maine by
the farmers t Sir, the wave swept on; it went
across the continent. In California an elec-
tion took place; and then it was said the result
there was occasioned solely by local causes,
that there was no real change of sentiment in
the people of that State, although my respected
and honored friend from California [Mr. Con-
fess] found his policy so far rebuked that a
Legislature was chosen which, with all his per-
sonal popularity and all his abilities, it is to be
feared by his friends will not reelect him to
the Senate.
The next election, I think, was in the State of
Pennsylvania. There also was a change in the
popular verdict. And then we heard from the
State which had been deemed the very Gibraltar
of Republicanism—the State so ably repre-
sented by him who now presides over this body.
Why, sir, il'there was supposed to be a rock in the
midst of the ocean ofpolitics that could resist the
pressure of all the waves that might beat against
it. it was the rock of Ohio. If any man had six
months ago predicted that Ohio would repudi-
ate the doctrines of ultra-radicalism, and not
only that, but most unfortunately for the Radi-
cal party, repudiated the Presiding Officer of
this body, he would have been scouted as a
fa!s<? prophet. I say it with all due respect,
but I do say it, that there never was a result
and never can be a result in this country
showing so entire and radical a change of pub-
lic sentiment as the result of the recent contest
in the State of Ohio. I will not allude to the
change of men; but I call the attention of the
Senate to the vote in that State on the question
of permitting colored men to exercise there
the right of suffrage. If there is any State in
the Union where colored men might be per-
! mitted to vote with safety, and where they
j ought to be permitted to vote, it is the State
of Ohio. But what was the verdict of the
people of that State? On, as I understand,
the largest vote ever oast in the State, they
gave 50,000 majority against it. Will the
Senator from Massachusetts say that if the
State of Ohio is not prepared for colored suf-
frage within her own borders, she is in favor
of enforcing it on Georgia, or South Carolina,
or Virginia. Is that kind of injustice to be
perpetrated? If it is right in the South is it
not right in Ohio? We have then a good right
to argue that the people of Ohio are against
this idea of negro supremacy everywhere, not
only in Ohio, but at the South.
The next election, I think, wasinNew Jersey,
on the same day with that in New York. I
certainly do not find it agreeable to allude to
these matters, but it seems necessary that I
should. Here are two Senators from New Jer-
sey on this floor. No man feels for them more
respect than I do; but can they deny that they
are misrepresenting to-day the opinions of the
State of New Jersey? Sir, if New Jersey could
speak her voice it would not be what is spoken
by those two respected and distinguished Sen-
ators. What their duty is they know; it is not
for me to say. I have not one word to say on
that subject; but the attention of the American
people should be called and must be called to
the fact that those who are warring against the
President of the United States are themselves
misrepresenting their own constituents.
Now we come to New York, the Empire
State, the State so ably represented by the
honorable Senator on my left [Mr. Cojtklixg]
and the honorable Senator on my right [Mr.
Morgan.] The latter Senator made a speech
at the opening of the campaign, and one of
great ability, in which he presented the issues
to the people of the State of New York. He
told them that the question of reconstruction
was to receive their verdict. What did my
other friend from New York do? We all
remember his celebrated speech at a State con-
vention in that State, over which he presided.
No man who hears him and no man who reads
him can fail to remember what he says. I
allude to his speech on that occasion to
show that the question was presented to the
people of the State of New York with great
ability, in the first place by my respected friend
on the right, [Mr. Morgan,] and then again by
the Senator on my left, [Mr. Coxkust.,) and
what was the verdict of that State? We have
been told by a great man who is a prominent
candidate for the Presidency of the United
States, not by his own avowal, not by his own
acceptance, but by the action of public meet-
; ings, not as yet the candidate of any party, and
! who perhaps never will be, that the will of the
j people is the law of the land; and when that
! distinguished citizen made use of that remark
: it was taken up as the cry of the Republican
party. " The will of the people is the law of
the land." Then what is the will of the peo-
ple?
Sir, this is not a subject for trifling. It is
not a subject for taunts and exultation. It is
our duty here faithfully to inquire what is the
will of the American people, and it is with
that view that I call your attention to the elec-
tion in the State of New York. The largest
vote ever" cast by any party in New York,
larger than that given for the lamented Lin-
coln, larger than any given before it in any
| State or any presidential election for any one
j party or cause was cast against these recon-
struction measures. I will not say, for I wish
| to be entirely candid, that that vote was alto-
| gether in defense of the President of the Uni-
; ted States. There may have been men who
j voted with the majority in that State who did
! not believe in the President's policy, but their
i vote was against the reconstruction policy of
Congress. The question before the Senate, so
far as any question is raised, is whether these
reconstruction measures ought to be maintained
on the statute-book. A majority of the peo-
ple of the State of New York, consisting of
fifty thousand, giving the larrest vote ever cast
by any party in that State, rendered their solemn
judgment against them. Does any Senator here
deny it? Does any Senator doubt it ? And still
we are told that these measures must and shall
be persisted in. I have supposed so. I never
had any doubt of it.
I am aware that Senators may consider it
their duty to persevere in what they regard to
be right without reference to what may seeir.
to be popular or unpopular. I have done tha*.
myself; I may do it again. Every Senator
must judge for himself what is the duty of thp
Senate. That is a matter which is left to each
Senator. But this I say : that when the ques-
tion is asked, what do the people wish; what
is the popular voice on this subject; what is
the opinion of the American people? no man
who looks at the recent elections can doubt
that it is against the policy of Congress.
Perhaps the Senator from Massachusetts may
think it disrespectful that I have not alluded to
the election in his own State. Far be it from
me to pass over Massachusetts with any sort
of neglect. I think that election was perhaps
as significant of the great change in popular
sentiment as even that of New York; but still
the vast influence of that Senator and his col-
league was able to keep a popular majority of
the State on their side, although I am told the
present Legislature would reelect neither of
them had their terms expired.
Sir, I have said this much solely with a view
of expressing my sentiments with regard to the
character of this message. I was surprised, I
was astonished, tfhen the Senator from Michi-
gan declared it arrogant and insulting, and
when the Senator from Massachusetts echoed
the same opinion. That it is disagreeable and
painful to those Senators I can easily suppose.
It is always disagreeable to see our faults, if
faults we have, placed in order before us. A
strong argument against our own opinions ex-
cites sometimes indignation ; especially if it is
expressed in earnest and warm language ; but
in this case the President has restrained him-
self. If he speaks in anger, he certainly re-
strains that anger within the bounds of a proper
self-control. He speaks with due moderation
and due respect for Congress, although com-
pelled to condemn its policy. And the unan-
imous voice of the country is that this messaga
and the entire series of messages which have
qome from President Johnson since he has been
in office have never been surpassed in ability
by the State papers of any Administration since
the adoption of the Constitution. Such papers
can never be suppressed or concealed by the
refusal of the Senate to print them.
Mr. HOWARD obtained the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now propose with the
consent of my friend from Michigan to call for
the order of the day.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
THE PUBLIC DEBT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
of the day being called for, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. G6) pledging the faith of the United
States to the payment of the public debt in
coin or its equivalent, is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the sub-
ject-matter of this resolution, I think we shall
all agree, is one of immeasurable importance,
because the consequences of our action on the
subject (especially if it should unfortuately be
in one direction) cannot be foretold. It is
a subject that in my judgment it is fit and
indeed necessary that we should declare our
position upon now. The resolution does not
relate to the detail of finance; it does not pro-
pose specific methods to alleviate the distressed
financial condition of the country; but it sim-
ply defines to all the citizens and creditors of
the United States and to the world the exist-
ing position that we hold with reference to a
large share of our public debt which was
incurred under the stress and pressure of a
rebellion.
I know it is said by some gentlemen that a
