374
SUPPLEMENT TO
it has been construed by the judicial depart-
ment, and in that extreme case, leave the Pres-
ident at last to act for himself in opposition to
the express will of both the other departments.
I will first cite some opinions upon this extreme
position.
Mr. Jefferson says:
" The second question, whether the judges are in-
vested with exclusive authority to decidc on the
constitutionality of a law, has been heretofore a sub-
ject of consideration with me in tho exercise of offi-
cial duties. Certainly there isnot a word in the Con-
stitution which has given that power to them more
than to the executive or legislative branchey. Ques-
tions of property, of character, and of crime, being
ascribed to thejudges, through a definite course of
legal proceedings—laws involving such questions
belong of course to them, and as they decido on them
ultimately and without appeal they of course decide
for themselves. The constitutional validity of the
law or l#ws prescribing executive action, and to be
administered by that branch ultimately and without
appeal, tho executive must decidc for themselves also
wnether under the Constitution they are validornot.
So, also, us to laws governing the proceedings of the
Legislature: that body must judge for itself the con-
stitutionality of thelaw, and, equally, without appeal
or control from its coordinate branches. And, in
general, that branch which is to act ultimately and
without appeal, on any law, is therightful expositor
of the validity of the law, uncontrolled by the opin-
ions of the other coordinate authorities."
President Jackson, in his veto message upon
the bank bill, uses this language:
"If the opinion of the Supreme Court covered tho
whole ground ot this act it oui?ht not to control the
coordinate authorities of this Government. The Con-
gress, the Executive, and the court must each for itself
be guided by its own opinion of tho Constitution."
Mr. Van Buren makes use of this language:
"Everybody knows that tin act which is contrary
to tho Constitution is a nullity, although it may have
passed according to the forms of the Constitution.
That instrument creates several departments, whoso
duty it may become to act upon such a bill in the
performance of their respective fund ions. The the-
ory of the Constitution is that these departments arc
coordinate and independent of each other,and that,
when they net in I heir appropriate sphere*, thev each
have a right, and it is the duty of each to judge for
themselves in reject to tho authority and require-
ments of the Constitution without bemgcontrolled or
interforcd with by their co-departments, and are each
responsible to the people alone for tho manner in
which they discharge their respective duties in that
regard, it is not, therefore, to bo presumed that that
instrument, after making it the President's especial
duty to take an oath to protect and uphold the Con-
stitution and prevent its violat ion, intended to deny
to him the right, to withhold his assent from a meas-
ure which he might conscientiously believe would
havo that olVect and to tmposo upon him tho neces-
sity of outraging his conscience by making himisdf
a party to such a violation."
Whether these views are sound or not is not
now the question. It happens that. as to this
tenure-of-civil-oHicc law, it has never been
held by the Supremo Court to be constitu-
tional. 1 >ut, if it had been otherwise, if this
law had been pronounced constitutional by a
solemn decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States, what ground would there be
for holding iho President guilty of a high mis-
demeanor in forming an opinion >auctioned
by the authority of three of his predecessors?
1 will now call attention to certain leading
authorities upon the point that a law passed by
Congie&s in violation of the Constitution is
tot&lly void, and as to the discietion vested in
the President to decide for himself the ques-
tion of the validity of such a law. 1 cite fiist
from the Federalist, No. 70:
"Therein uu position which depends on clearer
principles than that every act of a delegated author-
ity contraiy to the tenor ot the eommis.-ion under
which it is eteieised, is void. JN'o lcgi-'hmve act,
therefore, contraiy to t ho Const i tut ion, can bo valid."
"If it he said that the legislatne body are them-
selves the. constitutional judges ot their own powers,
and that the construction t hey put upon them is con-
clusive upon ijio ol'm-r <hjmrtmcntv, it may bo an-
swered that this cannot be the natural presumption
where it is not to be collected from any particular
provisions in the Constitution."
I cite next from No. 31 of the Federalist, in
reference to that clause of the Constitution de-
claring its supremacy and the supremacy of the
laws. It is said:
" It will not, I presume, have escaped observation
that it esjircwi-j con tines this supremacy to,laws made
puriimn* to the Constitution, which I mention merely
as an instance of caution in tho Convention; since
that limitation would have been to be understood,
though it had not been expressed."
Chancellor Kent, in the first volume of his
Commentaries, uses this language:
"But in this and all other countries where there is
a written constitution designating tho powers and
duties of the legislative as well as of the other depart-
ments of the Government, an act of the Legislature
may be void as being against the Constitution."
Speaking of the legislative power the Chan-
cellor adds:
"It is liable to be constantly swayed by popular
prejudice and passion, aud it is difficult to keep it
from pressing with injurious weight upon the consti-
tutional rights and privileges of the other depart-
ments."
In Hayburn's case (2 Dall., page 407) the
opinions of the judges of the circuit courts
of the United States for the districts of New
York, Pennsylvania, and North Carolina, upon
the constitutionality of the act of March 23,
1792, are reported. This act purported to con-
fer upon the judges a power which was not
judicial. They were of opinion that Congress
had no authority to invest them with any power
except such as was strictly judicial, and they
were not bound to execute the law in their
judicial capacity.
InCalder vs. Bull, (3Dall., page 398,) speak-
ing of the paramount authority of Federal and
State constitutions, it is said :  
" If any act of Congress or of tho Legislature of a
State violates those constitutional provisions, it is
unquestionably void."
In Van Horn's Lessee vs. Dorrance(2. Dall.,
page 308) we find the following:
" What are Legislatures? Creatures of the Consti-
tution ; they owe their existence to the Constitution.
They derive their powers from the Constitution. It
is their commission; and, therefore, ail their acts
must be conlormable to it, or elso they will be void."
"Whatever may be the case in othor countries, yet
in this there can bo no doubt that every net of the
Legislature repugnant to the Constitution is abso-
lutely void."
Chief Justice Marshall, delivering the opin-
ion of the court in Marbury vs. Madison, says :
"It is a proposition too plain to be contested that
tho Constitution controls any legislative act repug-
nant to it; or, that tho Legislature may alter the
Constitution by an ordinary act. Between these
alternatives, there is no middle ground. The Con-
stitution is either a superior, paramount law, un-
changeable by ordinary means, or it is on a level
with ordinary legislative acts, and like other acts, is
alterable when tho Legislature bhnll please to alter
it. Lf the former part of tho alternative he true, then
a legislative act contiary to the Constitution is not
law; if the latter part be true, then written constitu-
tions arc absurd attempts on the part of tho people,
to limit, a power in its nature illimitable." "Cer-
tainly all those who have trained written constitu-
tions contemplate them ib forming the fundamental
and paramount law of the nation, and, consequently,
the theory of every such government must be, that
an act. of the Legislature, repugnant to the Consti-
tution, is void." "Thus the particular phraseology
ot the Constit ntion of the United States coniirmsand
strengthens the principle, supposed to bo essential
to all written constitutions, that a law lepugnant to
tho Constitution is void ; and that courts, as well as
other departments, are bound by that instiumcut."
In Dodge vs. Woolsey (18 Howard, pages
347-8) the court say:
"The departments of tho Government are legis-
lative, executive, and judicial. They areeoordinatc
in degree to the extent of the powers delegated to
each of them. Each, in the exercise of its powers,
is independent of the other, but all, rightfully done
by either, is binding upon theotheis. The Consti-
tution is supremo over all of them, because the peo-
plo who ratitied it have made it so; consequently,
anything which maybe done unauthorised by it is
unlawi ul."
Again, in 22 llowaid, page 212, the nullity
of any act inconsistent with the Constitution is
produced by the declaration that the Constitu-
tion is the supreme law,
i will now refer to some decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States, which
relate more particularly to the point, that as
an executive ollicer the President is vested
with a discretion.
In Marbury vs. Madison (1 Cranch, page 380)
is the following:
" By the Constitution of theUnited Statesthe Pres-
ident is invested with ceitain important political
powers, in the exercLse of which he is to use his own
discretion, arrd is accountable only to his country in
his political character, and to his own conscience.
To aid him in the performance of these duties, he is
authonzed to appoint certain officers to act by his
. authority and in conformity with his orders. In such
cases their acts aie Ins acts, and whatever opinion
, may be entertained of the manner in which execu-
tive discretion may be used, ptill there exists, and
exist, no power to control this discretion."
And in Martin vs. Mott (12 Wheaton, page
31) this:
"The law does not provide for any appeal from the
judgment of the President, or for any right in subord-
inate officers to review his decision, and, in offcet,
defeat it. Whenever a statute gives a discretionary
power to any person to be exercised by him upon his
own opinion of certain facts, it is a sound rule of
construction that the statute constitutes him tho
sole and exclusive judge of the existence of those
facts."
Quotations from opinions of the Supreme
Court maintaining that the executive power of
the President is in no sense merely ministerial
but strictly discretionary, might be multiplied
indefinitely. And, indeed, it is easy to show,
from repeated decisions of the same court, that
the heads of Departments, except where the
performance of a specific act or duty is required
of them by law, are in no sense ministerial
officers, but that they too are clothed with a
discretion, and protected from responsibility
for error in the exercise of that discretion.
Thus, Decatur vs. Paulding, 14 Peters; Ken-
dall vs. Stokes. 3 Howard ; Brashear vs. Mason,
G Howard; in which latter case the court says:
" The duty required of the Secretary by the resolu-
tion was to be performed by him as the head of one
of the executive Departments of the Government, in
the ordinary discharge of his official duties; that in
general such duties, whother imposed by actx>f Con-
gress or by resolution, are not merely ministerial
duties; that the head of an executive Department of
the Government, in the administration of the vari-
ous and important concerns of his offiec, is contin-
ually required to exercise judgment and discretion;
and that the court could not, by mandamus, act di-
rectly upon the officer, to guide and control his judg-
rnent and discretion in matters coin in it ted to his care
in the ordinary discharge of his official duties."
1 will now ask your attention, Senators, to
the remaining articles.
And first the four conspiracy articles. These
allege that the President unlawfully conspired
with Lorenzo Thomas, and others to the House
of Representatives unknown, on the 21st of
February, 1868—first, to hinder and prevent
Edwin M, Stanton, Secretary of War, from
holding the ollicc of Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War, contrary to the conspiracy act
of July 31, 1801, and in violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States; second, to pre-
vent and hinder the execution of the "act reg-
ulating the tenure of certain civil offices," and
in pursuance of this conspiracy did unlawfully
attempt to prevent Edwin M. Stanton from
holding the said oflice; third, by force to seize,
take, and possess the property of the United
States in the Department of War in the custody
and charge of Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary
thereof, contrary to the conspiracy act of July
31,18GI, and of the tenure-of-oUiee act; fourth,
with intent unlawfully to seize, take, and pos-
sess the property of the United States in the
Department of War in tho custody of Kdwin
M. Stanton, the Secretary thereof, with intent
to violate the "act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices."
It will be seen that these four conspiracy
counts all relate to the same subject-matter, the
WarOftice, the Secretary of the War Office, and
the. public property therein situated. And this
is all that is necessary to be said about these
articles; for not a scintilla of proof has been
adduced in their support. The case attempted
to be made out under these conspiracy articles
by the Managers was, in the first place, by the
production of the two sots of orders issued on
the 21st of February. But as these of them-
selves did not amount to evidence of a con-
spiracy, as they carried the idea of no unlawful
agreement, but simply stood upon the footing
of an order given by a President to a subord-
inate, the Managers, in order to make some
show of a case, offered to introduce the decla-
rations of General Thomas, made on the night
of the 21st and on the 22d of February and
other days, intending to show a purpose on his
part to obtain possession of the Department
and the property of the Department by intimi-
dation and force. Objection was made at the
time to the introduction of these declarations
without laying a foundation upon which the
President could be made liable by such decla-
ration. Impressed with this objection, the
Manager who opened the prosecution, after
some consideration, at length answered an in-
quiry of a Senator, that he expected to follow
