1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4481
road company be built upon any portion of the
island the Government will be prevented from
ever rendering the island valuable for fortifica-
tion purposes. This report is so important
that 1 deem it proper to embody the whole of
it as a part of my remarks. It is as follows :
Report by George II. Elliot, G. II. Mendell, and B.
&>'. Alexander, Officers of Engineers, to General A. A.
Humphreys, Chief of Engineers, of an examination
of t Verba Buena Inland* vhowino %ts importance as a
military defense to the harbor of San FrancUco.
Office Board of Engineers,
San Fhancisco, California, January 8, 186S.
Grxkhil: The board of engineers forth© Pacific
coast, constituted by Engineer Order No. 04, dated
"Engineer Department, "Washington, December 4,
1866," has received and considered the application
of Mr. William B. Hyde, the chief engineer of the
Terminal Central Pacific llaiiroad Company, dated
October 28,1867, and addressed to the Secretary of
War, in relation to Yerba Buena Island.
The indorsement of the Department on this letter
was as follows, namely :
"Headquarters Corps of Engineers,
" Washington, November 2, 1867.
" Respectfully referred to the board of engineers for
the Pacific coast for report, as to what portions oi the
island are requirod for defense.
" The general projcct of the defenses of the island
should be considered by the board, so as to determine
the traces and references of the crests of the bat-
teries, and the ground that will be required by the
militaiy est ah i&hments of the island. There will
then be indicated what may remain available for
railroad and commercial purposes, and what restric-
tions the defensive uses exact in respect of them."
The board, haying carefully examined the island
and the adjacent channels, has the honor to submit
the following report:
The great importance of Yerba Buena island, if
occupied in time of war with heavy longe-rangeguns,
as securing the water front oi the city of {San Eran-
ciseo from occupation by a hostile fleet, should such
be found in the harbor on the declaration of war, or
should it succeed in entering the bay either by force,
bystiategem, by surprise, in a dense fog or in the
darkness of night, has been acknowledged by all
our engineeis who have considered the subject.
The island will cover by its fire the entire water
front of the present city of San Francisco, and it is
the last point from which the anchorage in front of
the city can be defended.
Remove this island and there will be nothing but
a naval force to prevent an enemy's fleet, or even a
single man-of-war, if the outer batteries should prove
iiihullieient to prevent his entrance into the bay,
f 10111 taking position in front of the city, beyond
effective range ol Alcatraz Island, and either destroy-
ing it or levying such contributions as cupidity may
dictate.
If the Government fails to properly occupy the
island on the approach of war, or if it permits such
structures to be erected along the water front of the
island as will obstruct or otherwise nullify the fire of
its batteries, the same result will follow.
Doubtless there are persons who attach more im-
portance to this island for railroad and commercial
uses than they do for military purposes, and those
who are interested in securing it for puiposes of pn~
vate gain may argue that the defense of the city front
may safely be left to the Navy alone unaided by land
batteries.
As such a doctrine would render our Navy passive
in time of war, confining it to home duty, and other-
wise violate thewcll established principles of harbor
defense, this board may safely leave its confutation,
should it ever be publicly advanced, to the Depart-
ment.
We start, therefore, with the idea that this island
is absolutely necessary for the protection of the city
front; that batteries should be erected upon it, and
armed with our heaviest guns, which should control
by their liie all the anchorages within range, from
whence an enemy might injure the city or otherwise
cripple its defense. We may add, too, that this island
has a prospective value ot great importance to the
defense of tne city.
It is the last point from which a defense can be
made, and on account of its location and the ease
with which it may be defended, it will be the most
secure position in the harbor, it will probably, there-
fore, be occupied in time of war for ordnance pur-
poses, have an arsenal, with all the necessary estab-
lishments for tliestorage and safe-keeping oi ai tillciy,
ammunition, and small arms.
When the board first entered upon the investiga-
tion of this subject some of its members were disposed
to think that ail these things might be provided for;
all necessary security given to the water front, and
yet a portion of the northeastern end of the island
and the adjacent shoal toward the northwest might
be given up to commercial purposes. But as rhe
investigationhasproceeded thisopinionlias changed,
and all the members of the board, now present, aie
ot the opinion that no portion of the island or of the
adjacent shoal should pass out of the control of the
Government.
We proceed to give the reasons for this opinion.
The board first carefully examined the island, and
came to the conclusion that it might be securely and
cheaply fortified by a system of earthworks and bat-
teries, the guns of which should lire cn barbette. Hav-
ing no good survey of the island, and no time to have
one made before this report would be required, we
next proceeded to compile a map from the best data
which could be obtained in this city. The result was
the sketch herewith inclosed, which is approximately
40th Cong. 2dSess.—No. 281.
correct, and upon whieh we have laid down, as near
as may be, the positions, forms and sizes of the oarth-
woiks and batteries by which wo propose to occupy
the island.
We propose to build ah inclosed earthwork (at
A) on the highest point of the island, which will oe
the key of the position.
The crest of this fort will be held about in the
reference of throe hundred and twenty-five feet.
It is to command by its fire the two redoubts B
and C, which it overlooks, and the batteries num-
bers four, live, sis, and seven, rendering the occupa-
tion of these works by an enemy impossible.
Redoubt B will command, by its lire, batteries
one, two, and three.
Redoubt C will have its crest about in the refer-
ence of one hundred and twenty-five feet, and will
flank the only practicable landings on the island on
the cast and north sides, and command the channel
between the island and the Contra Costa shore. The
water batteries from No. 1 to No. 7 will be placed
aiound the island, near the shore, in the mobt ad-
vantageous positions. Their crests will vary in height
from about sixty feet to about two hundred feet.
The lower of these batteries ought to be armed prin-
cipally with smooth-bore guns, while the higher ones
would receive mostly rifled gnns and mortars. They
will exclude an enemy from all anchorages within
range of their guns.
The two redoubts A and B, being built to command
the adjacent batteries, will be armed principally with
smooth-bore field guns. They might, However, re-
ceive with advantage a few heavy sea-coastmoitars,
and perhaps some rilled guns of heavy caliber.
Redoubt C would be aarmed with ordnance suit-
able to accomplish the objects which have been in-
dicated ; that is to day, the two flanks looking toward
the south and southwest with field guns, while the
other three faces would receive heavy guns, (prin-
cipally lilies.)
The most suitable position for tho wharf is indi-
cated on the sketch. It would bo wellshelteredfrom
an enemy'sguns uutil he had passed to the eastward
of the island.
Such, in general terms, is the manner in which
this board thinks the island should be iortified.
Doubtless a complete survey of the ground will mod-
ify some of the details of the redoubts as well as of
the batteries; but if this method of occupation should
be adopted, the principles as herein sketched must
remain unchanged.
We have now to examine into the consequences
of giving up a portion of the island tor railroad and
commercial purposes; and,
1. We assume that no portion of the shore, from
battery No. 1 on the western side of tho island,
around by the southern shore to battery ^o. 0, on
the southeastern spur, could piopcrly be occupied
for raihoad or commercial pur po^es; for t-ueh occu-
pation involves the construction of wharves, build-
iugs, and storehouses, which would mask the fire of
the Batteries, and render the service ot their guns
unsafe in time of action by reason of tire and splin-
ters caused by the enemy's shot.
2. Neither could the cove between battery No.
6 and redoubt C be piopcrly giveu up tor civil objects;
for here must be the wharf for tho post, and the
shores of this cove afiordthc most available and se-
curoposition on the island for barracks, storehouses,
and other military establishments which will be
required.
3. There remains, therefore, only the northern
shore of tho island and tho adjacent shoal to be con-
sidered. The construction of buildings for civilpur-
poses on this side ot the island, though not so objec-
tionable as the occupation ot the southern, western,
or eastern sides would be, might .nevertheless mate-
rially endanger the safety ot the city in tunc ot war,
and would probably prove to be a fruitful source of
trouble in time of peace.
Let us suppose, lor instance, that an enemy's fleet
takes up a position on the eastern side of this shoal,
fiom halt a mile to a mile north of the eastern ex-
tremity of the island, and that this slioal is occupied
by wharves, depots, workshops, storehouses, Ax.,
covering it from the lire of the guns on the island.
This poMtion is within two and a. half miles of the
city front, and an enemy here, in a place ot compar-
ative security, and armed with the long-range guns
oi our times, would be in a condition to dictate teims
to tho city.
If this island were the only place for a railroad
depot, or if a cession of a portion of it would add
greatiy to the prospeiity of the city of San Eranci&co
or was indispensable to its commercial prosperity, or
even to its convenience, the board would feel dis-
posed to enter mto an investigation as to what por-
tion of tho shoal north of the island could saieiy be
ceded for such purposes.
But the Contra Costa shore, eastward from the
island, aflords ample positions lor all possible iail-
road or commercial purposes, the only obj eetion being
that the depot, wharves, ic , would be from one to
two miles fuiUierfrom the city, and that their con-
struction would be somewhat more expensive than
they would be at Yerba Buena Island. These are
objections, but they arc not senous in their nature,
and, in the opinion ot the ht ard, are far outweighed
by ondaugeung the safety of tho city in time oMvar,
as we have shown would be the case were Yerba
Buena Island occupied by civil constructions.
This island is regaidedin this city as a very val- (
nable piece of property. If the public. mind could r
be disabused of the idea that it may bo obtained for j ■
railroad and commercial purposes by an act of Con- 1'
gross, and if the Government were disposed to s>vll j.
the island, and were to put it up at auction to be j!
sold to the highest bidder, it would probabjy bung
£5,000,000.
This fact, together with the circumstance that
several companies possessing ample moans are en-
deavoring to get possession of the island without
paying for it, and before it is wanted for either rail-
road or commercial uses, naturally leads to the sus-
picion that such parties are actuated more by the
desire of private gain than by any public necessity
connected with facilities for .travel or commerce.
But there is another objection to giving up this
island, or any.portion of it. or of the shoal north of
it, to railroad "purposes. Wo allude to the bridging
and ultimate closing of the channel between the isl-
and and the Contra Costa shore. If a railroad depot
should be established on the island, the course of
pioceedings would probably be, first, to build a solid
causeway from tho Contra Costa shore out toward
the island until a depth of water of about eighteen
feet was reached, connecting this causeway with the
island by a pile-bridge across the deeper water.
_ iliis construction would close only a small por-
tion of the water-way between the island and the
eastern snore, and would not probably do much
damage except to fill up the fiats in front of Oak-
land.
But the repairs of this bridge would be expensive
and the draw would prove an annoyance and might
at some time lead to an accident; it would doubtless
induce the company owning the franchise to wish to
make their causeway continuous, as is hinted in Mr. •
Hyde's letter of August 26,1867, to General Alexan-
der, a copy of which was forwarded to the Depart-
ment,!^ direction of the board, on the 1st of October
last. And the railroad company, once established
on the island, by enlisting the sympathies or excit-
ing the fears of the traveling community, would, in
all probability, ultimately succeed in their object.
Such feeing the case, we are a 11 called upon to invest-
igate tfe*cfiect of closing this channel by a perma-
nent causcway.
Tho first step in this investigation was to calculate
the area of the cross sections of the channels on
either side of Yerba Buena Island, then to ascertain
the velocity of the water in the two channels, and
thus approximate to the quantity of water which
passes through the two channels in a given unit of
time.
JTaving done this, we next suppose the channel
between the island and the Contra Costa shore to bo
closed by a causeway, and that all the water that
formerly passed through it to pass through tho other
channel thus increasing the velocity in this channel.
This velocity is already so great at certain states of
the wind and tides, paiticularly close to the city front,
where the surface velocity is sometimes four miles
an hour, as to make it difficult for vessels to reach or
leave their wharves, and any material increase of
the current would increase the difficulty proportion-
ably. Fortunately, the Coast Survey maps and cur-
rent observations enable us to approximate to the
increased velocity m the case supposed with some
degree of exactness.
The following are the results:
All-an area of water-way between the city and
Yci b;iBuena Island, 076,636square feet: gieatestsur-
face velocity in mid-channel, 2.8 miles per hour;
mean area of water-way between YerbaBuenalsland
and tho Contia Costa shore, 458,S9(5s«juare feet; gieat-
est surface velocity in mid-channel, 1.9 per hour.
Now, if we leave out of consideration all disturb-
ing causes, and suppose all the water in these cross
sections to move with the surface velocities, we have
for the channel between the city and Yerba Buena
Island:
676,6S6X-i'.1066=2,778,926 cubic feet
as the discharge per second. And for tho channel
between Yerba Buena. Island and the adiacentshore,
203,o96X2'.78G3-—7-17,931 cubic feet
as the discharge per second.
Supposing tho latter channel to be closed, and all
the water to pass between the city and Yerba Buena
Island, and that the same quantity passes through
this channel in the same time as now passes in both
channels, we have, by supposing the velocity to be
proportional to the discharge,
2,778,926 : 8,532,896 : : 2.8 : a-, and
— 3.">5359 miles per hour = 5.21194 feet per second
as the resulting velocity in the case supposed. There-
fore,
3.55359
— 2.80000
= .75359
say three fourths of a mile per hour as the measured
velocity.
Of course this is only an approximation. If we
knew the velocity at different depths in the two
channels the discharge of each would be much less
than is given by the above figures. It is probable
also that the ratio between the amount oi water
passing through the channels would be increased,
giving as a consequence a decreased resulting velo-
city in tho main channel when we suppose the other
channel to becloscd.
Tho fact, however, that this velocity would bo
considerably increased cannot be disputed, for the
upper bay must still be filled and emptied at each
tide, and we will thus have the same quantity of
water passing through f no channel in the same time
that now passes through both channels, resulting of
course either in an increased current or an increase
of the water-way.
The rapid currents along the wharves of the city arc
already the cause of much difficulty, and if we sup-
pose these whaives to be gradually extended out into
the harbor, as has been the ease in New iork ana
Brooklyn, and further suppose that the encroach-
ments on the waterpassage is also allowed to begin on
the Y oi l> i Buena shore. stopping up by one operation
one tlmuof the entire water-way,,we have only te
look at i be difficulties tliataresomeames expeiien.cd
iu tiio East, liver in front of 3Sew York: toieahze the
future seene between the city of ban Erancisco and
Yeiba Buena Island.
