1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
discussion of this Subject is premature; that
we are leaping before we come to the stile ;
and that we ought to wait until our bonds shall
have become payable, until the United States
shall have been, by the terms of thera, required
to provide the means of payment, before we
raise the question as to the species of money
in which they are to be settled. That would
have been true had not men occupying official
positions of great influence and importance
volunteered to advance the doctrine and spread
it industriously through the prints of the coun-
try that the obligations of the United States
in* respect to the particular class of securities
named in this resolution was not an obligation
to pay in coin or money, but was only a kind of
contract of reuewal to change a debt bearing
interest into another debt not bearing interest.
Now it is said by all those who hold these
species of securities, and I think by all those
who largely participated in the events which
produced them, that this would be an impeach-
ment of the public faith, a direot and volunteer
dishonor of the solemn pledges of the Govern-
ment under the circumstances. I think so ;
and thinking so, we should in my judgment
allow no motives of mere policy to induce us to
hesitate for a moment in declaring exactly
where we stand.
I know it may be said that a new loan can
be negotiated a great deal easier if we hold up
over the heads of the holders of our present
debt a doubt as to the character of the money
in which they are to be paid; but I think all
honorable men would scorn resorting to any
such inducements as that, provided it be true,
as I think I can demonstrate, that we owe this
debt in real money. Fairness and good faith in
the long run, Mr. President, will be found to be
the best policy, evea of the Government as well
as of individuals.
The outstanding debt of the United States at
this time altogether is, as is reported by the
Secretary of the Treasury, $2,692,199, 215 12.
Of this large debt, the class of securities known
as five-twenties, which are obnoxious to the
criticism that is made upon the statutes author-
izing them, as it is claimed, and including the
sixes of 1881 under the act of July 17, 1861,
which would be obnoxious to the same criticism
if the statute is to be so construed, amount to
§690,341,800. The legal tenders, as they are
called, or "United States notes" as they are
termed in the statutes authorizing them, now
outstanding amount to $371,783,597. This is
our condition; and the first question is the
question of fact or law as to the true construc-
tion of the statutes which have authorized these
loans. How would a court of law construe
them if the United States stood in the position
of an individual who could be sued in the courts
and have the question of its liability determ-
ined by the rules of judicial construction? We
know that we cannot be sued in the courts, and
therefore there is the higher reason for our
being especially careful how we trifle with the
construction of our statutes or refine upon their
meaning when we are considering our relations
to those who have become our creditors, because
there is no appeal from our decision.
These statutes are a series of war measures
beginning with the act of 17th July, 1861, which
for the convenience of myself and of Senators,
to save time in turning over books, I have
abstracted, being careful to use the language
of the statutes in the condensed abstract that I
have made of them.
The act of July 17, 1861, (Statutes, volume
twelve, page 261,) which provided for the first
issue of seven-thirties, &c., enacted in its ninth
section that "the faith of the United States is
hereby solemnly pledged for the payment of
the interest and the redemption of the princi-
pal of the loan authorized by this act.'' Noth-
mg was said in terms as to its being paid in
coin. Indeed, at that time there was no cur-
rency in circulation which the law considered
or authorized to be used as a legal tender for
anything. By force of the law gold and silver
was the money of the country, and the only
money of the country, which it debtor could
compel his creditor ta receive in payment of
his debt.
The act of August 5,1861, (volume twelve,
page 313,) amendatory of the previous act of
July 17, made further provision on the subject
of the issue of the bonds and securities, but
said nothing in terms on the Subject of pay-
ment in coin.
The act of February 26,1862, (volume twelve,
page 345,) authorized the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue on the credit of the United States
$150,000,000 of legal-tender notes, payable to
bearer, and provided that they (together with
the old detnand notes) should not exceed at
any time §150,000,000, and made them a legal
tender for all debts except duties on imports,
i and of all claims and demands against the
I United States of every kind whatsoever, "ex-
| cept for interest upon bonds and notes, which
shall be paid in coin;" and it made those
notes convertible into five-twenty bonds at the
option of the holder. It also authorized the
issuing of $600,000,000 of the bonds of the
United States, commonly called five-twenties,
for the purpose of funding these legal tenders
and other floating debt.
i The fifth section of the act provided " that
all duties on imported goods shall be paid in
coin," " and the coin so paid shall be set as a
special fund, and shall be applied as follows:
"First. To the payment in coin of the interest on
the bonds and n>>tes of the United States.
! "Second. To the purchase or payment of one per ;
cent, of the entire debt of the United States, to.be i
made within each fiscal year after the 1st day of July, i
i 1862, which is to be set apart as a sinking fund, and '
the interest of whichshall in like manner be applied j
to the purchase or payment the public debt as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall from timi to time
I direct."
' This is the act under which the first issue—
and a very large issue—of what are called the
five-twenty bonds was made. These are the
securities—one class of them—which it is now
said are only payable in the currency of the
Government, in its own promissory notes to be
issued on demand, without interest, from time
to time. That is to say, the proposition of
those who contend for it is that these legal-
tender notes which are authorized in this act
of 1862, and which the act of 1862 expressly
provides, may be converted into bonds, are,
nevertheless, to be used for the payment of
the very bonds that the statute authorized the
creation of to pay the notes. That is the propo-
sition ; and in the face of the fifth section,
which plighted the faith of the United States
to the setting apart of all the coin duties on
imports as a special fund, not only to pay the
interest on these bonds, but also to redeem
one per cent, per year of the principal of them
from time to time.
Now, looking at that act from that date, the
time of its passage, would any lawyer say,
wouldanyjudgesay that its fairimport and mean-
ing was that the five-twenty bonds, which were
created as a fund to take up the legal tenders
with, were after all payable in those very same
notes that they were provided to take up ? It
seems to me only necessary to state the propo-
sition to carry with it its own refutation. I
take it we shall all agree that in the construc-
tion of a statute of this kind the public creditor
has a right and the public faith at the same
time compels us to look at the language of the
act from the point of time when it spoke. If
the act of February 25, 1862, meant when it
passed, as it said, that these legal-tender notes
Were to be converted into five-twenty bonds,
instead of meaning that the five-twenties should
be converted into legal-tender notes, then it
means so now ; and no act of the Government,
if it should undertake it could without dishonor
make it mean anything else.
The act of July 11, 1862, (volume twelve,
page 532,) authorized the further issue of
$150,000,000 of legal tender notes, convertible,
as in the prior act, into five-twenty bonds at
the pleasure of the holder. That accounts for
$300,000,000 of the legal tenders; and Sen-
ators will recollect that $400,000,000 is the
utmost extent to which we can possibly go by
existing acts.
The act of March 8,1868, (volume twelve, page
709.) authorized the Secretary of the Treasury
to borrow $300,000,000 for that fiscal year,
and $600,000,000 for the next, on bonds run-
ning at least ten and not more than forty years
bearing interest, (payable in coin.) The sec-
ond section of the same act authorized the
issue of $400,000,000 of Treasury notes, at
two and three years, the interest payable in
lawful money, and also the issue of $150,-
000,000 of United States notes, making the
total authority to issue, in terms, $450,000,000
instead of $400,000,000, as I just now said;
but the acts required that $50,000,000 should
be always held as a reserve, so that the prac-
tical authority was for $400,000,000. The
language of the act on the subject of interest
is, "and the interest on said Treasury notes
and on certificates of indebtedness and de-
posit hereafter issued shall be paid in lawful
money."
It is not disputed under the act of 1863 that
the bonds issued under that act are payable in
coin, because the act expressly says so, and an
argument is attempted to be derived from the
fact that it does say so, that the act of the year
before means something else because it does
not use that expression. I have said already
that the act of the year before must speak from
the time it was enacted, and if it meant that the
bonds of the United States were then payable
in coin, it must continue to mean so although
Congress the year afterward may have intro-
duced the word "coin" into the subsequent
legislation in describing other bonds. But, sir,
there was a special necessity (as I am now
speaking upon the face of the act itself) that
the word '' coin'' should be introduced into this
act of the 3d of March, 1863, because it also
provided by the language which I have read
that the interest, and in some cases the prina^i
pal, of the Treasury notes should be payable
"in lawful money," and therefore it would be
suitnble and proper, although probably not
absolutely necessary, that in order to distin-
uish the one from the other the word " coin"
should have been introduced in regard to the
bonds. That may be so.
But it is claimed that this construction is an
erroneous one, because these legal tenders,
these United States notes, are made, by the
language of the acts authorizing their issue, a
legal tender for all debts public and private;
and it is undertaken to establish the doctrine,
inasmuch as this debt of the United States
comes within the literal meaning of the term
" a public debt," that the act which authorized
the issue of the Bonds to pay the legal tenders
with must mean that they were also to be a legal
tender for that debt. I think I have shown, I
think the reflection of any Senator or citizen
will show him on looking at the language of
these acts, that such a construction would be a
most unjust and a forced one, and the reason is,
as I have said, that while it was necessary and
proper to use this general language in making
the legal-tender notes applicable to all classes
of transactions, yet, when you look at the whole
of the statute, as you must to get at the real
meaning of it, you will find that this special
provision which was made as to the disposition
of the legal tenders as between the Government
and the holders of them, and the use to which
the five-twenty bonds should be put, demon-
strate that Congress had no intention in the
use of that language to declare that the legal
tenders should be used to pay the bonds with.
The act of June 30, 1864, (volume thirteen,
page 218,) by its first section authorized the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to borrow on the credit
of the United States $400,000,000, on coupon
or registered bonds redeemable after five years
and before forty years, provided that this loan
should bear an annual rate of interest payable
semi-annually in coin, and authorized the Sec-
retary of the Treasury "to dispose of the same
for lawful money of the United States, or coin,
or Treasury notes," &c. The second section
authorized the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue $200,000,000 of Treasury notes in lieu of
au equal amount of the notes or bonds provided
