370
SUPPLEMENT TO
the exercise of an undoubted power vested in
him by the Constitution of the United States.
No executive order issued by any President,
from the time of Washington down to the pres-
ent, comes to us with a greater sanction or
higher authority or stronger indorsement than
this order. If this order is indeed, as it is
claimed, a usurpation of power not granted
by the Constitution, then Washington was a
usurper in every month of his administration,
and after him every President that ever occu-
pied that high office from his day to that of the
present incumbent; for every one of them has
exercised, without doubt and without question,
this executive power of removal from office.
So far as this question stands upon authority,
it may be said to have been more thoroughly
and satisfactorily settled than any one that has
at any time agitated the country; settled first
in 1789 by the very men who framed the Con-
stitution itself; then, after the lapse and acqui-
escence of some forty years, brought again and
again into question in high party times in 1820,
in 1830, and in 1835. But iu the worst party
times it was never changed by the Legislature,
but left as it was until the 2d of March, 1857,
when, after the lapse of almost eight;/ years, a
new rule was attempted to be established which
proposes to reverse the whole past.
Now, Senators, let us consider upon the Con-
stitution itself this question of the executive
power of removal. N o power is expressly given
by the Constitution to remove any civil officer
from office, except what is given by means of
impeachment. The power of appointment to
office, however, is expressly given, and that is
given to the President, as to certain officers,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen
ate. That is, in the act of appointing to office
the main part is done by the Executive, but
there must be a participation therein of i lie
legislative depart.ment.
Now, all agree that there must exist some-
where a power to remove officers for other
causes and under other circumstances than
those which would justify or require impeach-
ment. Somewhere in the executive depart-
ment. or in the executive and legislative de-
partments combined, there mast be lodged this
power of removal. Inasmuch as it is not given
expressly to the President, docs it belong to
both; and if not, lo both, to which of the two
does it properly belong?
first of all, then, let us consider the thing
thai, is t,o he done. It is a contingency that
arises, not in the legislative department, but
in the executive department. It concerns an
officer of Unit department, charged with the
execution of the law. lie is iu tin1 perform-
ance of a, strictly executive duty, ll is found
necessary to displace him. is u in the nature
of things, there being an executive power and
a legislative power, that there can be a doubt
that it is the executive power that must now
be called into action ?
Consider how carefully these powers are
separated in the Conslitulinn, and their func-
tions defined. The legislative power is vested
in the Legislature. What is legislative power?
It is a power to make laws—a power to legis-
late ; not a power to carry laws into execution
after they are made; not a power to give inter-
pretation to laws after they are made. Its
function begins and ends in the creation of
law itself. Undoubtedly the legislative power
has much to do in the matter of offices and of
the executive depaitment. It is a part of the
legislative function to creak; these offices, to
abolish them, to define the duties of the incum-
bents, to amend them, ond, from time to
time, change them, and to fix the salaries of
the officers—all these are properly legislative
functions having regard to executive, offices.
Bat a law which establishes the office and
defines its duties does not put the officer in
place, or the law in process of execution. All
that belongs to the executive department.
Look now at the character of the executive
department. The Constitution of the United
States vests all executive authority in the Pres-
ident. Wherever you find executive power to
be exercised, he is the source and fountain
from which it must proceed. This would be
enough of itself, but, in addition to this, he
alone, and not Congress, is required to see that
the laws are faithfully executed, and he alone
is required to take an oath to preserve, protect,
and defend the Constitution of the United
States. Cut how is ho to execute the laws?
Certainly not by his own hands. He cannot
act as marshal or district attorney, or as a
head of Department. He must see that the
laws are executed by the proper agents, and
he must sec to it that they are faithfully exe-
cuted. 11 is not a barren abstract duty im posed
upon him, but a living obligation, with the
sanction of an oath, not to be omitted under
any circumstances. Wherever there is an un-
faithful or improper officer the President of
the United States has not only the power but
it is his duty to remove him. The truth is, it
would be impossible to carry on this Govern-
ment under any other idea than that.
This idea of a participation of the Senate in
all the constantly recurring questions of re-
moval requiring instant action for the safety
of flie public would involve administration in
inextricable confusion and difficulty. It would
I urn the Senate into the most corrupt of polit-
ical bodies. It would fill this Senate Chamber
with cliques and favoritism. It would lead to
constant, cabals. One thousandth part of the
cases requiring actual investigation could never
be readied, and those that could be reached
would consume the entire time of the Senate
to the exclusion of all other public business.
And, again, if would give time to unfaithful
officers to dely t,hc Executive, and looking to
the Senate, grow bolder and bolder in their
peculations.
The more we study our excellent Constitu-
tion tlx' clearer it.becomes that the wise men
who framed it endeavored iu all possible ways,
by checks and balances, to keep the three
great, departments coordinate ami separate,
and, as far as possible, independent, of each
other. The judiciary department is made in-
capable of exercising any other than a judicial
function; and, in general, such is the case with
regard to the other two departments.
liutthere are cases plainly expressed where,
under certain circumstances, I he executive and
legislative departments combine for certain
purposes, A striking mslance is in the matter
of legislation, where, upon the final passage
of a bill, the Executive is given a qualified
legislative power. So, too, m the formation
of a treaty, which is strictly an exeeulive duty,
one bianch of the Legislature is allowed a par-
ticipation. And, lastly, in the executive busi-
ness of appointments to office one branch of
the Legislature, that is to say, the Senate, is
also allowed to participate. But, beyond these
definite fixed points, there is no aut,hoiit.y any-
where in the Constitution for the legislative
department lo exercise an executive power,
or for the exeeulive department to exercise a
legislative power. The moment, therefore,
the Legislature assumes a right to participate
iu the executive power of removal it claims a
right lo exerc ise an executive power in a mat-
ter for which it finds 110 grant, or authority in
the Constitution.
J stand, then, Senators, on the constitutional
power of the President, to remove Mr. Stanton
from office. If he did in fact possess that
power what becomes of the temire-ofoffice
act, or anything else in the way of'legislation?
if it Is a constitutional power which he pos-
sesses. bow can it be taken away by any mode
short of a constitutional amendment? Then,
too, if' he deems it his constitutional power,
how can you punish him for following in good
faith that oath which he has been compelled
to take, that he •' will preserve, protect, and
defend the Constitution of the United States.''
Look, Senators, at what has happened since
the beginning of this trial. During the prog-
ress of the case, on the ;ilst of March, 1808,
a question arose, in which the Senate, as a
court of impeachment, were equally divided.
Thereupon the Chief Justice dccided the ques-
tion in the affirmative by his easting vote. I
make now the following extract from the min-
utes of the next day, April 1:
" Mr- Sumner. Mr. President, I send to the Chair
an order which is in the nature of a correction of
the Journal.
" The Secretary read as follows: * It appearing
from the reading of the Journal of yesterday that
on a question where the Senate were equally di-
vided, the Chief Justice, presiding on the trial of the
President, gave a casting vote, it is hereby declared
that, in the judgment of the Senate, such vote was
without authority under the Constitution of the
United States.'
"Mr. Sumner. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
"The yeas aud nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 27.
" So the proposed order was rejected."
IIow near, Mr. Chief Justice, did you come
to the commission of an impeachable offense,
according to this modern doctrine announced
here by the Managers 1
But it is said on behalf of the Managers that
although each department of the Government
may have the right to construe the Constitution
for itself in the matter of its own action—that
being so, the legislative department may carry
out its own opinions of the Constitution to all
their final results, even if thereby they totally
absorb every power of the executive depart-
ment. They are the sole judges of their own
powers when called upon to act, and must de-
cide for themselves. Bat if they have this ulti-
mate power of decision so also has the Execu-
tive; aud if they have a right to enforce their
construction against the Executive, so also has
the Executive a right to enforce its construc-
tion against theirs. It was to meet that very
contingency, it was to save us fiom such fatal
consequences, that the wisdom of our fore-
fathers introduced the judiciary department
as the final arbiter of all such questions. That
failing, there is but one alternative--an actual
collision or a resort to the people themselves.
This last is the great conservative element, m
our Government. When this fails us all is
gone. When the voice of the people ceases tc
be appealed to, or, being appealed to, ceases
to bo listened to, then taction and party will
have accomplished their perfect work, and this
frame of government will, like a worthless
thing, he cast away.
Nothing is plainer than the duty of the Execu-
tive to resist encroachments of the legislative
department. If he submits tamely to one
usurpation of bis rightful powers he may lose
ail. What is there to prevent the Congress of
the United States from passing a law to take
away lrom the President his veto power, and
to make its exercise a high crime and misde-
meanor punishable by long imprisonment and
made impeachable? What is there to prevent
them, if left to the unrestrained exercise of
their own power, from transferring the com-
mand of the Army and Navy from the Presi-
dent to one of his subordinate officers, and
making the attempt on his part to exercise his
constitutional function a high crime, aud sub-
jecting him to imprisonment? The doctrine
asserted by the Managers saps the very founda-
tion of our system, and turns our written Con-
stitution into a mere mockery. Wherever a
President is deliberately of opinion that an act
of Congress calls upon him to exercise a power
not given to him by the Constitution, he vio-
lates that Constitution if he follows it. Again,
wherever ho is called upon to execute a law
which deprives him of a constitutional power,
he violates the Constitution as well by execut-
ing it. A great trust is committed to his
hands, sanctioned by a solemn oath, and he
cannot surrender the one or violate the other.
And now, Senators, I ask your close atten-
tion to what seems to me a most singular char-
acteristic of this case. TIow does it happen
that for the first time in the history of our
country the President of the United States has
been suddenly subjected to such punitive legis-
lation as that which was passed on the 2d of
March, 1807? Laws were passed on that day
purporting to change the order of executive
action. Such laws have not been uncommon
either in our national or State Legislatures. It
