4482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July ยฃ5,
Fortunately, the commerce of Uew York can seek,
and has already sought to a great extent, the more
quiet waters ot tbe liudson river, but the other side
of the city of San Francisco has no such river flow-
ing aloni; its front.
The board will not now enter upon the other con-
sequences that might follow the closing up of the
channel under discussion, but will remark that in its
opinion such a change might prove injurious, and
should not be permitted without the most thorough
investigation of the subject.
Recapitulation.
This hoard is of the opinion that no portion of
Yerba JJuena, Island, or of the adjacent shoal, can
safely be given up for railroad or commercial pur-
poses.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
GEORGE IX. ELLIOT,
Major of Jilngineers.
G. II. MliNDISLL,
Major Engineers, Brevet Colonel U. S. A rmij.
B. S. ALEXANDER,
Brevet Brigadier General U. iS. A.,
President of Board of Engineers.
Charles TV. Raymond, _
Cuptain of Engineers, Recorder of Board.
Now, I submit, Mr. Speaker, that no candid
man who will read with care this able report
of these competent engineers of the Army, who
have no interest in this subject but the com-
mon interest of tbe country, and who have
recently, under an order of the War Depart-
ment, examined this island to ascertain its
real value to the Government for military pur-
poses, can favor the proposition under con-
sideration.
But it is alleged by those who so persist-
ently advocate this measure that the Govern-
ment do not pari with the title to any portion
of this island, but hold the railroad corpora-
tion as a tenant at will to bo removed in case
of war if the Government requires it. I give
the originators of this scheme the credit of so
framing their bill as to ingeniously hide and
cover their real object, and grant them that
they gain by indirection what they could not
hope to get by a more honorable and direct
law; and I am really in doubt whether, if
they can pass this bill in its present form, it is
not better for the corporation than the original
proposition, which gave them as a donation the
entire island. Let us examine the bill for a
moment and see if I am not right. It will be
observed that the company obtain the right to
locate tbe terminus of their road upon the
island. They are permitted to erect their depots,
warehouses, machine-shops, &c., at whatever
cost they may deem necessary upon this Gov-
ernment reservation. Gaining no absolute title
to the soil they acquire the rights and advan-
tages of possession, and the title of the land
remaining in the United States; all this vast
property is not subject to taxation either for
State, county, or city purposes. I wish to call
the attention of the House to this feature of the
bill, and in passing upon it let us determine
whether we are not giving the corporation more
substantial ad\ antages than we should by an ab-
solute grant of the land itself. May it not be pre-
sumed that this constitutes one of the strong
reasons lor the abandonment of the original
project which contemplated a donation of the
island as a free gift to this railroad corporation,
now plethoric with Government subsidies and
lands, to the exclusion of all other roads, and
at a loss to the Government Treasury, as esti-
mated by the boardof engineers, of $-5,000,000,
which the island would bring if sold in the
market ?
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
if the military authorities are correct in their
estimate ot the value ol this island for military
purposes we should not part with any portion
oi it at any price. But if Congress shall de-
cide now. or at any time, otherwise, then 1 sav
it should be sold to the highest bidder or bul-
ders, giving ail who desire to purchase the
whole, oi any part of it, a fair chance in such
manner and at such time as to realize the
largest sum to the Government Treasury. En-
tertaining these views, I certainly hope the bill
will not pass.
Mr. \Y ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now ask
the gentleman to yield to me.
Mr. HIGBY. I will yield to the gentleman,
but not for a motion.
Mr. WASHBD RNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I do not think it is necessary to consume any
further time on this bill, as I see that gentle-
men of the House are determined not to pass
it, or any bill like it. If I thought gentlemen
intended to vote for this bill I would have read
the full and elaborate report of three of the
most eminent engineers of the Army on this
subject, in which they slate the Government
has use for this island, and it cannot abandon
it without exposing San Francisco to great
risks. 1 have also a letter from the Secretary
of War on this very subject, in which he cor-
roborates the opinion of these engineers. But
I see from the disposition of gentlemen around
me that there is no necessity for having the
report read.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Hop-
kins] has stated the points, and stated them
strongly. If gentlemen will look at the map
they will see the situation of Goat Island.
Here it is. What is proposed ? This W estern
Pacific Railroad Company, this bloated cor-
poration,- swollen and plethoric with our sub-
sidies, proposes to get possession of this island
and it never can be deprived of its possession
except, in the language of the bill, it may be
suspended whenever the United States shall
be engaged in war or in imminent danger
thereoi, and notice of such determination shall
be given to said company, its successors or
assigns, by the Secretary of War, with the ap-
proval of the President. Yon will see how
that is hedged about with quahlieations. You
cannot get possession of it except under those
conditions. If we let the in go on as they have
they will be so strong hereafter that we will
never get back the possession of it.
Mr. FAUNSWOllTH. Cannot the Govern-
ment take possession of any property in time
of war?
Mr. WASHBUIiNE, of Illinois. I wish to
call attention to another point. They are to
build a causeway or bridge from the main
shore to this island, but there is no provision
that the Government, which owns the land, and
which may need it for military defense, and
may therefore establish military depots there,
shall have the use of this causeway or bridge.
While this Government is to give this company
a portion of this island for nothing, there is no
provision in this bill that the Government can
ever get on or off the island except upon such
terms as the company may choose to impose,
without the payment of suchprice as the com-
pany may fix. Vaiious sums have been stated
as the value of the island. Some say one mil-
lion and some say five or six. Mr. Carpenter,
of California, a gentleman who is well known,
lias telegraphed that he will give $1,000,000 for
this island ; that he will give yl,000,000 in gold
and put the money here in twenty days. And
yet, sir, it is now proposed to give this island
away against the protest of our military officers,
against.the protest of our engineers, and against
tiie protest of the Secretary of War, and in the
face of an offer of ยง1,000,000 for it-
Mr. POMBliOY. I ask the gentleman from
California to yield to me.
Mr. IIlGIiY. I will yield to the gentleman
for live minutes.
Mr. POMBEOY. Mr. Speaker, at my en-
trance to this body, I believe there was no pro-
ject in the United States that received more
cordial indorsement of men of all parties than
the Pacific railroad ; and it was deemed a
matter of so much national importance that
for years, in fact from I860 down to the present
time, the Pacific railroad has been made a
part of the national platform of both parties.
Yet, sir, during this winter I have hardly
heard a word of kindness from anybody for a
company that has to-day thirty thousand men
working upon the road, and which promises
to build it fifteen years earlier than the most
sanguine ever expected to see it done.
1 nave read the report to which the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washucrxe] has referred,
and I say that report presents the strongest
argument in favor of this very bill. The gen-
tleman talks about the island being worth
$(!,000,000. I do not care how many millions
it is worth. But that report shows that the
island should be reserved by the Government
for military purposes. It is of no value except
for military purposes. The Government can
never sell it for commercial purposes. The
question then arises whether in the long inter-
val between one war and anouiei^this Gov-
ernment shall stand like a hog on tiie ice and
say that this island, valuable as it is for com-
mercial purposes by connection with the rail-
road, shall not be used for such purposes,
because perchance once in halt a century the
Government may need it for war purposes.
Then the bill further provides that iu case
of war the Secretary of War can take posses-
sion of the island, and not only that but of
the track, depots, and^ warehouses without
paying one cent. If this island is worth any-
thing, then, iu case the Government wants a
railroad track leading to it for the purpose of
carrying munitions and supplies, it will cost, I
understand, Jjpl,500,000 to connect the island
with the main land. Now, the Government
will have the full advantage ol this outlay in
case it is allowed to be made.
The gentleman from Illinois says it is only
in case of war that the Government can resume
possession of the island on a declaration by
tbe Secretary of War that it is wanted. Tnis
bill provides that the grant may be terminated
at any time by act of Congress. Not only may
possession be resumed in the event of war, but
the grant, may be terminated by act of Congress.
This islaud is the natural terminus, as every-
body will see, of this Pacific railroad. It gives
it a water front, where without interfering with
anybody the freights may be landed irom the
Pacific steamers iiom China and the East, and
loaded into the cars. It will save an immense
amount of cartage through the city of San
Francisco, as everybody must know.
Now, sir, there is no guard that can be put
in any bill that is not put in this. It gives a
mere temporary right of occupation at the will
of Congress. But gentlemen say to me that
this granting of a mere right of possession is
an entering wedge for the disposal of the title
to the land by some futuie Congress. They
assume that the virtue of this Congress i3
greater than that of succeeding Congresses. X
take it the virtue which refuses in this Congress
to give away the title will refuse to give it here-
after. The company must take simply a pos-
sessory right under this bill.
Some gentlemen are accustomed to speak:
of the Pacific railroad as a monstrous corpora-
tion, and as if it was to be hewn down before
it had completed its work. I do not look upon
this corporation in that light. It is one of the
greatest railroad enterprises the world has ever
seen, and instead of undertaking to shackle it
when the day is drawing near for its comple-
tion I say give to it all the advantages that
can be given consistent with the rights of the
Government and of the people.
[Here the 1 jammer fell.]
Mr. llIGBi. 1 yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. DlilGOS. Mr. Speaker, I have but a
very few words to say about this bill. In the
first place, as a member of the Committee on
the Public Lands, I desire to put them right
before the House. They have not formally
considered this bill. There were several prop-
ositions for the possession of this island, one
from a local road asking the privilege of re-
moving a portion of the earth liom the island
and filling in the surrounding limits, so as to
get a sufficient depth of water. The commit-
tee have had propositions trom various quar-
ters before them for the possession in some
form of this island. Among the rest a prop-
osition came up to give a portion of it under
the provisions ol this bill to the Union Pacific
railroad. Now, sir, I have simply to say this:
that without a full knowledge of all the faet3
and circumstances that have been referred to
tins morning, especially the one in reference to
$1,000,000 being offered for this island. J had
thought possibly it was right we should con-
sider this question iu the ceiainittee, as this
