1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
descried in the beatific vision of my friend from
Indiana, I acknowledge much truth in this last
quotation. The pride and lust of domination
in the late slave-master rebels against polit-
ical power in the hands of his liberated chat-
tels. He has no fears of negro supremacy, but
feels humiliated in recognizing the political
equalii;-' and accepting office of those divinely
ordained to the yoke and the lash. This un-
doubtedly has provoked riots and intensified
the white man's hostility to the race. The
only question for us to settle is whether that
pride and hate or the liberal spirit and princi-
ples which pervade northern institutions shall
mold the reorganized governments of the South.
In a letter from Hon. Benjamin Fitzpatrick,
which the Senator publishes in his speech, I
find this passage:
"Wo Wish to bo left free to act for ourselves, and
free from the intermeddling of those wlio do not live
among us, but come here to foment di:-:corct and&pec-
ulate upon our troubles."
Such language is not altogether new. In
the address of the convention of South Caro-
lina to the people of the South, in justification
of secession, they say: " All we demand of
other people is to be left alone to work out our
own high destinies."
The dogma of Democratic leaders at the
opening affd through the war, from President
Buchanan down to the grocery politician, was
that we had no right to interfere with the
South in her efforts at secession, and prominent
rebels of the South took up the strain and de-
manded to be let alone. Our reply then was
that the people of all the States had paramount
rights and interests in each State, which the
Government was bound to maintain to the
extent of all its resources and power. That
position was approved by congressional legis-
lation and repeated popular votes.
Sir, if it was good then it is good to-day
against this complaint of Southern men, that
they are not left to reorganize State govern-
ments in absolute disregard of the people of
the Union outside of their own borders. The
claim to such a right has no validity, spring-
ing, as it does, from the exploded doctrine of
State sovereignty, a theory oblivious to the
historic fact that the States never possessed
the elements of national sovereignty, and were
themselves brought into independent exist-
ence by an act of the national Congress.
I agree entirely with the position of the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Indiana, that "when
a State constitution is once formed, and the
State, under that constitution, is admitted into
the Union, that organization is not a separate
and independent thing, but, in its organiza-
tion, becomes a part of the Federal Union."
And from that position I argue that, whenever
the majority of the people of a State have risen
in rebellion and temporarily overthrown their
government, it becomes the right of the people
of the whole Union, speaking through their
Representatives, to say how and when the sub-
verted governments shall be set up. If they
have not this right how can they fulfill their
guarantee to the minority of a republican Gov-
ernment? The right is the correlative of the
obligation, and the majority of a State cannot
frustrate the will of Congress in this regard.
Without such a power in Congress it may be
impossible ever to restore harmony to our dis-
tracted country, or to secure the loyal of both
North and South against a repetition of the
hardships and horrors of the past five years.
The loyal North can rightfully demand of
us a speedy restoration at the South of gov-
ernments resting upon a loyal "basis : govern-
ments which will give security to capital and
freedom to labor; governments which will
encourage productiveness and open markets
to the whole country. With business depressed
and credit waning we stand patiently enduring
the weight of debt and taxation which treason
has thrown upon us while the traitors reject
our proffered restoration, because we have
provided that their governments should origin-
ate in the consent of the governed. That is
he simple truth, stripped of pretexts. The
South rejects reconstruction because she be-
lieves in class sovereignty, and her pride can-
not accept the results of the war. Our gen-
erosity to the conquered must be limited by
justice to the loyal. If enfranchised rebels
will not allow a restoration of southern States
to their proper relations in the Union the right
of reconstruction must be given to those who
never fell from their allegiance. We cannot
safely consent to the exclusion of a race from
a participation in the Government under which
they live.
Governments are established not so much to
enhance the power of the strong -as to give
security and encouragement to the weak.
Monopolies and class exclusions exasperate
society and fill it with discontent and faction.
How to coordinate conflicting material in-
terests, how to give homogeneity to a people
of diverse origin, varied industries, and thrown
asunder by differences of climate and educa-
tion, and so deepen the patriotism and per-
petuate the nationality of the Republic, is the
most difficult problem which American slates-
men are called upon to solve. Steamships and
interoceauic railroads will mingle here the
populations of Asia and Europe, andpourupon
us the earliest and latest civilizations of the
world. We cannot give order and unity of aim
and interests to this discordant mass by prac-
ticing the repressions and restrictions of des-
potism. To do this we must not only increase
the assimilating power of popular education,
but the legislation of the country must be made
to dispense an impartial justice to all. Love
of country will be our strength and defense,
and that must rest upon the general security
of labor, property, and political rights.
Iiow are the ten States of the South to be
organized in harmony with these principles
which are the foundations of our future pros-
perity ? Southern leaders are blinded by pas-
sion and prejudice, and, if left to readjust the
industrial policy and dispose the political privi-
leges of the people, the States will be given
over to a perpetual internal antagonism and
sectional animosity left to corrode the bands
of the Federal Union.
The masses of the South have no interest in
this perpetual conflict, and, I believe, would
gladly reorganize governments and return to
their old allegiance, if they could be freed from
the baleful influence of their leaders.
I would counsel nothing in anger or re-
venge, but would urge the intervention of na-
tional authority to protect the loyal against
the influence and violence of the disloyal
until such time as they can fully establish and
maintain civil governments.
And why should we be more careful of south-
ern than of northern rights? Constitutions
have been adopted in loyal States by less than
a third of the registered voters. If now in-
difference is not allowed to defeat the organi-
zation of State governments, why should the
malice or ambition of a few pardoned ingrates
anxious to pass from the criminal's box to the
seats of power. If the web of affairs has be-
come so tangled that southern society cannot
unravel it we should cut it.
Reconstruction being defeated and our policy
circumvented by fraud, I would bring the
States into the Union if every man who voted
for the constitutions had a face as black as the
rayless void where reigns eternal night.
Are the loyal people of the country to be left
to chafe and murmur through all our borders,
under the stagnation of business and the weight
of taxation, and we sit here scorned and baffled
by the men to whom we are seeking to give
order for disorder, prosperity for desolation?
How long is it our duty to wait for the return
of reason and loyalty to these people?
Sir, a decent respect for the opinions of man-
kind forbids that the reckless coterie of poli-
ticians whom the executive policy has revived
and filled with their old lust for power, who
are again dominating the press and public
opinion of the South, should reject our laws
with impunity and worry us into compliance
with their schemes.
Sir, they must not be allowed to taboo loyalty,
humiliate labor, and restore the regimd of the
old aristocracy. They must not be allowed to
rescue treason from the reprobation of history,
cover our banner with shame, and give to trai-
tors that place in the memory of mankind due
to our own heroic sons.
Mr. SAULS BURY obtained the floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the Senator from
Delaware is not very well to-day, and prefers
speaking on this subject to-morrow, and as
there may be business which the Senate may
think it desirable to take up in the meantime,
I will move to postpone the further considera-
tion of this bill until to-morrow at one o'clock,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that maybe done
and that we shall take up House bill No. 214,
the bill on which the Senator from Kentucky
spoke the other day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Del-
aware yields to my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 20th instant, a report
by General Weitzel on the survey of a ship-
canal aroun'd the falls of the Ohio river; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating
a report of Silas Seymour, chief engineer, on
bridging the Potomac river ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
TOTING IN UNRECONSTRUCTED STATES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 214.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 214) to
amend the act passed March 23, 1867, entitled
"An act supplementary to an act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States, passed March 2, 1857, and to facilitate
their restoration."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the motion of the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] to recommit the
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with
instructions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
from Kentucky will withdraw that motion, as
he interposed it, 1 suppose, for the purpose of
making his speech upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion being withdrawn, the pending question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Bcckalew] to the amendment
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary as
a substitute for the bill.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If there is to be further
debate upon the general question involved in
the bill I suggest that the vote be first taken
on this amendment. It raises but a single
point, and, so far as I know, there is no oppo-
sition to the amendment. We had better dis-
pose of it, at all events, before we enter into
any further general debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the amendment of
theSenator from Pennsylvania be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the amendment of the
committee after the word "vote" in line
twenty-six, in the following words:
In any part of the State in which he shall have
been registered, where he may reside at the time of
such election, upon presentation of his certificate of
registration, under such regulations as the district
commanders may prescribe.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
In the election districtwhere he offers to vote when
suohdeodoS Cm t0r t6n days next Pr^ag
So that, the amendment of the committee
will read:
That hereafter any election authorized bv the*
passed March 23.1867, entitled "An act supplement?
ary to an act to provide for the moreeffiaient govern-
