26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
for in the preceding section, payable on or after
three years, with seven and three tenths per
cent, interest, and " payable in lawful money at
maturity," and provided that those made pay-
able. principal and interest, at maturity should
be a local tender, and authorized thnir disposi-
tion for lawful money. I he same section
further provided as follows :
"Xor shall the total amount of United States
notes. issued or to be issued, ever exceed S-JOO.iW.OOO,
ori'l siu-h additional sum, not exceeding SoO.OOU.OlA),
a.* may be temporarily required for the redemption
of temporary loan."
In that act Congress undertook to do two
things : it undertook to provide for a further
issue of long bonds in the ordinary way, and it
undertook to provide further for the issue of
Treasury notes as a temporary expedient to
raise money. In order to show that it was not
the intention of Congress to pay those Treas-
ury notes in coin, but to renew them in the
for in of its legal-tender indebtedness, a pro-
vision was expressly inserted in order to carry
that construction, and it made use of this
exceptional and statutory term of " lawful
money." as applied to the Treasury notes, in
order to guard against the presumption which
would otherwise have arisen that whatever the
United Stafes promised to pay in money must
be paid in money, and not in further prom-
ises to pay asrain. So that I contend, and I
think justly, upon well-known rules of con-
struction. that even the act of June 30, 1864,
passed after these legal tenders had been
created, upon the face of it, and aside from
any extrinsic considerations whatever, fairly
bears the construction that that part of the loan,
the public debt, the five-twenty bonds which it
authorized, and which it pledged the faith of
the United States to pay in dollars, in the lan-
guage of the statute, means dollars, and that
"•wiien it comes to the next section and provides
for the issuing of temporary notes it found it
necessary, in order to distinguish that liability
from the other, to declare in express terms that
instead of that loan being paid in coin, in the
money of the Constitution and of the country, ;
it should be paid in what was called the "lawful !
money that is to say, the legal-tender notes !
of the United States.
Is not that a fair construction, sir? Can 1
any other fair and legitimate construction be 1
drawn from the language of that act? Most
certainly not: and you will find, and Senators
will find, as you run through the whole series
of these war acts of finance, that the distinc-
tion between "lawful money" and the real
money of the country is kept up in almost
every act. Wherever Congress has intended
by the law to pay in lawful money, as you will
call it, or rather to renew in lawful money, to
change one security for another, it has said so.
In order to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to receive this species of money upon
subscriptions for loans, it has been necessary
to insert the provision that the Secretary of the
Treasury may receive bids on these loans and
take for them lawful money, certificates of
deposit, and whatever else would not, by the
general sense of the term, be money without
the authority of Congress to the Secretary of
the Treasury to receive it.
The meaning of these terms and the limita-
tion upon this general provision that the legal
tenders are to be received for all debts public
and private, fs strongly fortified when you turn
to the twentieth section of the national bank act.
Nobodyhas yet contended that the national bank '
notes are a legal tender and receivable for the
due? of the United States to the holders of our j
bonds: and yet Senators will find when they
turn to the twentieth section of the bank act
that it uses in respect to any debts due from i;
the United States precisely the same language li
that is used in the statutes authoring the legal ''
tenders, and that is, that they shall be receiv- |
able for all debts due from the United States '
to any creditor of the United States. This only 1
fortifies the conclusion which is drawn from all
these statutes that wherever Congress intended
t'> bold out to the public creditor the fact that
he was not to receive his pay in money, in the ii
real money of the conntry, it found it fit and
necessary "to say that he should receive it in
what was, for the time being, called the lawful
money of the United States.
The act of March 3, 1804, (volume thirteen;
page 13.) supplementary to the act of March
■'!. 1863, authorized the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to borrow on the credit of the United
States, in lieu of so much of the loan author-
ized by the act of 1863, $200,000,000 on cou-
pon or resistered b onds, to be dated March 1,
1864. redeemable after five years and payable
not more than forty years after date in coin.
The act of January 18, 1865, (volume thir-
teen, page 42">,) authorized the issue of Treas-
ury notes in lieu of bonds unsold under the
act. of June 30, 1864, and provided that the
whole amount together should not exceed
§400,000.000, and with the further proviso that
that act should not authorize the issue of legal-
tender notes in any form beyond the balance un-
issued under the second section of the prior act.
The next was the act of March 3,1865. (volume
thirteen, page 468.) That authorized the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to borrow, on the credit
of the United States not over $600,000,000 on
bonds or Treasury notes, the bonds not to run
less than five nor more than forty years, and the
notes convertible into bonds at the option of
the holder, '• and the principal, or interest, or
both, may be made payable in coin, or in other
lawful money.'' the coin-interesfhot to exceed
six per cent., the lawful-money interest not to
exceed seven and three tenths per cent., and it
was provided that nothing therein contained
should be construed^ to authorize the further
issue of legal-tender'notes in any form.
Here, again, Mr. President, in the next series
of this legislation, we find that, in order to dis-
tinguish between the payment of one class of
indebtedness and the other. Congress is careful
to provide that the Secretary may have a dis-
cretion. that he may borrow in the regular way
on these bonds in coin, or he may borrow with
the privilege of renewing, that is, paying in
lawful money: and in the one instance the
interest shall be one thing, and in the other
another.
The act of April 12,1866, (volume fourteen,
page 31, * which was the last one in the series,
in amendment of the act of March 3, 1865,
authorized the Secretary of the Treasury to
receive any kind of Treasury notes or other
obligations in exchange for any of the bonds
authorized by that act, and required that the
proceeds should be used only for retiring the
obligations of the United States, and that noth-
ing in the act should be construed to authorize
the increase of the public debt.
This is the whole series, and we have in
every one of them something that points to the
distinction all the time existing between " law-
ful money/' as it was called, the United States
notes payable on demand without interest, and
the general funded bond debt of the United
States. As I have said, every act had in it a
provision which was necessary authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to receive lawful
money, as it is styled, on subscriptions. We
have in almost every one of the acts—every one
in which it was intended—the expression that
interest may be paid or principal may be paid
in lawful money; and we have, as I have shown,
in the act of 1862, the express provision that
instead of the bonds being convertible into
United States notes, exactly the reverse,
that the United States notes should be con^
. vertible into bonds at the pleasure of the holder.
I am not ignorant of the fact that afterward
Congress passed a law requiring the holders of
those legal-tender notes, the $300,000,000 of
the first two issues under the acts of February
25 and July 11, 1862, to present them for con-
version within a very short time, or otherwise
the right to conversion would be lost; but that
only put a stop upon the circulation of the
notes ; it did not alter the obligation of the
United States as to the bonds at all. I take it.
In corroboration of this view, upon the face
of these statutes alone, looking as we must over
the whole range of them to get at the real mean-
ing, we find that as the various issues went on
and as the public creditors, and men of buru-
ness, and all classes of the community who
reflected grew more and more uneasy at the
exuberance of the issues, Congress declared
over nnd over again, and at last in the most
solemn and formal way, (which they have so
far, I am glad to say, stood upon as an unalter-
able resolution,) that the whole issue of legal-
tender notes should never exceed in any event
more than $400,000,000, while the bonds which
some propose to pay with them are nearly twice
that amount. It is true it may be said it does
not require all this money to pay the bonds
because you need not pay them all at once, but
if creditors are obliged to receive their pay in
a depreciated currency it will be of great inter-
est to them which shall be the first one to get
his bond converted, so that he can invest his
depreciated money in real estate or something
that will stand until the crash that will come
shall be over.
I have thus endeavored to show, Mr. Presi-
dent, upon principles of mere legal reasoning,
upon the face of tne statutes themselves, as if
it were an indifferent question affecting the
public honor, as if it were merely a simple
question of construction upon a subject of
entire indifference, that the legal meaning of
those statutes, drawn from the statutes them-
selves, and from nothing else, just as a court
would be asked to construe such statutes, even
if a court could be drawn to so narrow a view
as that, imposes upon us the absolute obliga-
tion to redeem these bonds and securities of
the United States in the hard dollars which
are the coin of the country.
Mr. CRAGIN. With the consent of the
Senator from Vermont, I will move that the
Senate now go into executive session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator from New Hamp-
shire will allow me, I will move that the fur-
ther consideration of this resolution be con-
tinued to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will be the effect of
this motion under the rules. It will come up
at one o'clock to-morrow.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. CRAGIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 4, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Mansfield French.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
government funds in national banks.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
! to offer a resolution for present consideration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
j objection to make if the regular call of com-
| mittees is made.
| The SPEAKER. The first business in order
i is the consideration of the unfinished business
of yesterday, relating to the repeal of the cot-
ton tax.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well.
I will not object to the resolution.
Mr. IvELLEY. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House the amount of Gov-
ernment funds that remained on deposit in national
banks on the first day of each month from the 30th
of June, 1866, to the 31st of October, 1867.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
to modify his resolution so that the report shall
specify the amount held by each bank. As the
resolution now reads it merely requires the
aggregate amount of funds held. I desire that
the report shall specify the amount held by
each bank.
Mr. KELLEY. I have no objection to mod-
