1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8459
manufactures of the country, of which distilled
spirits is the principal eomponent part.
Tire gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
complains that we use tbe term "distilled
spirits'' in the bill; aud he wants to know why
that term is used. Simply because this is an
act in relation to " taxes on distilled spirits."
I do not know that I can answer the gentleman
in any other way than a Dutch friend of mine
answered a like question. He said to a neigh-
bor of his, " Meiuherr, can you tell for what I
calls my little poy Hans?" His neighbor
replied, "Well, no; I really don't know."
"Veil, the reason I calls my little poy Hans
i's because his name is Hans." [Laughter.]
We call this "distilled spirits" because it is
distilled spirits; because that is the generic
term which embraces all articles of the kind,
including rum, alcohol, urude whisky, and
everything of the kind. Now, it may be that,
departing from the language used in all the rest
of the bill, you might use the words "alcohol
aud rum.'' And if it is more pleasing to the
gentleman to confine this transportation for
exportation provided for in this section to the
specific articles alcohol and rum I do not know
that 1 would oppose it, although it would be a
departure from the general generic term used
throughout the bill. I know, as well as the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] does,
that crude whisky is rarely exported. It is
only after it is redistilled and converted into
alcohol that it is found profitable to export it.
I know that so far as crude spirits are con-
cerned they are not transported except in the
shape of rum.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw the amend-
ment. to the amendment.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I renew it. The dif-
ficulty—and there is really not much differ-
ence between the views of the majority and the
viewsof the minority of theCommitteeof Ways
and Means upon this question—the difficulty
is this: one party proposes that ardent spirits
or distilled spirits, including everything else of
the kind, shall be transported in bond through-
out this country.
Mr. SCHENCK. Only for exportation; not
throughout the country.
Mr. EGGLESTON1. Prom the place where
it is manufactured to some export warehouse ;
and that will take in the entire length and
breadth of the country. Now, I am opposed to
that for the reason that it cannot be done with-
out frauds being committed. It is said that
the people of the West will have a chance to
send their goods to New York or Philadelphia
or New Orleans for exportation ; and that thus
they will have an equal chance with dealers on
the sea-board. But, Mr. Chairman, why should
we want to export distilled spirits at all? I ask
my good temperance brethren here, whether
the object is to build up a foreign trade in this
article? Are they willing to go on the stump
and say that while this article has so bad an
effect upon the people of this country they
want to have it manufactured in large quanti-
ties to be sent abroad? I know that the object
of spreading our trade over the world is to
build up the interests of this country; but I
throw out this hint for the benefit of those
whom it may concern. If, however, you are
to send distilled spirits abroad, I say let it go
from the seaports, and let the duty be paid
there, and let the drawback be paid there, if
there is to be a drawback.
But, sir, I am opposed to drawbacks. I
want this bill put in such a form that there
shall be no transportation of this article in
bond, and that there shall be no drawback
when the article goes to a foreign country.
1 hus we shall have a home market for the
aiticle. I say to 'my brethren of the West
that we can gain nothing by transporting this
article in bond. Alcohol has never been
shipped in any great quantities from the West
to the East for exportation. I venture to say
that in the district of the honorable chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means there is
not one distiller who sends whisky to the sea-
board for exportation. There are one or two
establishments in Cincinnati that send whisky
to the East for that purpose, but they do not
export it. It is sold to New York speculators
and jobbers, and they do the exporting. I
know that there are parties in New York who,
since this great cheating in whisky has been
going on, have been buying illicitly-distilled
whisky and getting the drawbacks upon it; and
they have in this way been rolling up their
wealth by millions. I could in this connection
mention some names. The money has been
made by, in the first place, stealing the whisky
or buying it for a mere song, and, in the sec-
ond place, getting the drawbacks upon it. As
I have already remarked, I think we had bet-
ter make a clean sweep in this matter. We
want ho bonded whisky. What we want is
that every distiller, when he moves the whisky
from the bonded warehouse in his vicinity,
shall pay down the money. Let the tax be
paid, and then let the party take the whisky
where he pleases. But let us not reinaagurate
this bonded-warehouse system.
I yield the remainder of my time to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ixgeusoll.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Chairman, I wish
to say, in reply to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Eggleston,] that such restrictions as lie
proposes to put upon this trade would kill it
entirely. And how would we derive money
from whisky if none were made in this coun-
try? I desire to make a further statement. In
Chicago or Peoria an alcohol establishment
will make one hundred barrels of alcohol in a
day.
Mr. EGGLESTON. How much have they
made?
Mr. INGERSOLL. They have made that
quantity, and they can make a great deal more.
An alcohol house which produces one hundred
barrels a day will, at the end of three months,
have produced nine thousand barrels, making,
at the rate of sixty gallons to the barrel, five
hundred and forty thousand gallons, upon which
a tax of fifty cents a proof gallon would make
about tlireehundredthousanddollars. The cost
of production is 5540,000 more, making a total
of $840,000. Now, suppose that the manu-
facturer exports this alcohol. Six months will
be required for the receipt of the evidence that
the alcohol has reached the port to which it
was shipped. The manufacturer makes his
application for the drawback ; and it is reason-
able to suppose that lie will not get it within
less than from six to nine months from the
time he commences the production of the
alcohol. So that a capital of $840,000 will be
required to produce nine thousand barrels of
alcohol for the export trade; and the manu-
facturer must be deprived of the use of this
amount of capital for from six to nine months.
It is evident that under such conditions the
business must be abandoned in this country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Chairman, it is very desir-
able that this committee should take its reck-
oning and ascertain where they are, so that no
side issue which does not really belong to the
question shall be allowed to divert their atten-
tion from the real issue. Now, this committee
in its morning session adopted an amendment
to the first section of the bill declaring that
distilled spirits should not be removed from
the distillery warehouse until the tax was paid
thereon, and there was hardly a vole against
the proposition ; at any rate there was no con-
test upon the question at that time. Whether
this was occasioned by a belief that the sub-
sequent sections of the bill would neutralize
the amendment so adopted I do not know.
My object, Mr. Chairman, has been to get a
direct vote and settle the question whether we
are again to establish for any purpose the
business of the transportation of distilled spirits
in bond. This proposition was declared to be
in opposition to the business of exporting dis-
tilled spirits, and that by it a branch of trade
would be destroyed. Although not believing
in this proposition, I was willing to join in any
proper legislation or any amendment that
would obviate this supposed hardship.
The gentlemen who believe in protecting the
exporting interest in this country, and think it
would be destroyed by the regulation adopted,
made very great complaint; and to remedy that
complaint my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutwell] offered an amendment that he
thought would accomplish the object and at the
same time afford protection against the frauds
perpetrated in transportation. Following in
the wake of this supposed necessity, and to
obviate the objections urged by the gentlemen
who were afraid of destroying the export trade,
my colleague [Mr. Logan] introduced this
drawback system, so that by removing this
objection the principle might be maintained of
collecting revenue at the place of manufacture,
not because he believed there was not a possi-
bility of perpetrating fraud under it; not be-
cause it was a perfect system, but because he
desired to adhere to the principle that the Gov-
ernment could not get revenue without collect-
ing the tax on distilled spirits at the distilleries.
I say, then, that there is no issue as to the
fraudulent nature of action under the drawback
system but that does not reach the real issue
presented here ; the drawback is only incidental
to the other question. I do not care whether
there is a drawback law passed or not. My
object is to collect the tax at the place where
the article is manufactured.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is in the bill.
Mr. JUDD. In the original bill; solunder-
stand. I do not desire that the gentleman should
make any side issues with me. The question
of alleged frauds in all drawback systems must
not be allowed to keep from view the real ques-
tion of where tax shall be collected ; but in this
bill there is permission under which all distilled
spirits manufactured at all the distilleries in
the United States, every gallon of it, can go
to a port of entry without paying a dollar of
tax; that is, if the parties comply with the pro-
visions in this bill, claiming that it is for ex-
portation. You get it there under the claim
that it is for exportation, and leave it in the
hands of such officers as have dealt in distilled
spirits heretofore.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to say that he states what is not in the
bill. The provision is that it shall only go to
the warehouse when intended for exportation,
and it prevents fraud in preventing it going out
for any other purpose than exportation. It has
to be exported within a given time or else it
will be forfeited.
Mr. JUDD. I hope this does not come out
of my time. I repeat my statement, the chair-
man's statement to the contrary notwithstand-
ing, that every gallon of distilled spirits made
in distillation in the country may, under these
provisions of the bill, be transported from the
warehouse at the distillery to any port of entry
in the United States, thus subjecting it to the
contingencies and frauds connected with inland
transportation. It is these contingencies that
I would guard against by collecting the tax
before it starts.
Mr. SCHENCK. In bond.
Mr. JUDD. Why, the gentleman has ia
his committee-room counterfeit, forged, ficti-
tious, false, and fraudulent bonds given under
the old law to secure safe transportation and the
revenue that are not worth the paper they are
written upon. While your restrictions in this
bill are stronger and additional security is
given, the opportunity is left.
Mr. INGERSOLL rose.
Mr. JUDD. I cannot yield now. Icannot
submit to further interruptions. I will repeat
again that the distilled spirits manufactured in
the West can be all moved to New York if the
claim is setup that, it is for exportation. Ihe
gentleman provides by his bill that it shall
go abroad, but that will depend, first, upon
whether it ever gets there; and second, upon
what officers you have to execute the law. if
they are anything like the offieers we have had
