18.68.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Congress requested, to vote far the repeal of all said
acts.
2. That this General Assembly doth protest against
the passage of the bill now pending in Congress
requiring the concurrence of two thirds of the judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States to pro-
nounce an act of Congress unconstitutional, because
said proposition is plainly unconstitutional, and is
an attempt to destroy the judicial department of the
Government.
3. And this General Assembly doth also protest
against the passage of the bill now pending in Con-
gress, to take from the Supreme Court and other
courts of the United States jurisdiction in cases
arising under said reconstruction acts, because said
bill proposes to deny to the people any redress for
wrongs and injuries they may suffer, to destroy the
just and necessary powers of the judicial tribunals,
and to subject the country to an uncontrolled and
uncontrollable military despotism; and our Sena-
tors in Congress are hereby instructed, and our Rep-
resentatives in Congress requested, to oppose and
vote against the passage of said bills.
4. That the Governor is hereby requested to for-
ward a copy of these resolutions to each of our Sena-
tors and Representatives in Congress, and to each
of the judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States. JOHN F. FOLLETT,
/Speaker of the House of Itepresentatives.
J. C. LEE,
President of the Senate.
Adopted April 13,1868.
The resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. COLE presented a resolution of the
General Assembly of the State of California,
in favor of an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor of San Diego, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a concurrent resolution
of the General Assembly of the State of Cal-
ifornia, praying Congress to grant aid to the
Orville and Virginia City Railroad Company
in the building and completion of its road from
Orville, in the county of Butte, California, up
Feather river, by the way of Beckworth's pass,
to Virginia City, in the State of Nevada; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the vote in the na-
ture of a memorial of the town of Littleton,
New Hampshire, in favor of taxing United
States bonds and of applying the proceeds of
the tax inpaymentof thenationaldebt; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of
Hannah Cook, widow of Lyman N. Cook, a
pensioner of the war of 1812, praying to be
allowed a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, presented
a joint resolution of the General Assembly of
the State of Tennessee, in favor of an appro-
priation for the purpose of improving the nav-
igation of the Tennessee river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
NOTICES OP BILLS. .
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to give notice that on
some future day I shall ask leave to introduce
a bill to enable the people of the Territory of
Colorado to form a constitution, with a view
to the admission of that Territory as a^State
into the Union.
I also give notice that I shall ask leave to
introduce a bill for the same purpose in rela-
tion to the Territory of Montana. ^
RESIGNATION OF SECRETARY FORNEY.
The PRESIDENT p>ro tempore laid before
the Senate the following letter; which was
read:
■Washington, May 12,1868.
My Deak Sie: I have the honor to resign the offico
of Secretary of the Senate, to take efiect the moment
mv successor is elected.
Yours, very respectfully, J. W. FORNEY.
Hon. B. F. Wade, President pro tempore of the Senate
of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that paper lie
on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
on the tabie unless objection be made.
Mr. CAMERON. I object to that course.
I move that the resignation be accepted.
Mr. SUMNER. My motion, I think, is in
order. I move that it lie on the table.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose there is no
objection to its going on the tableland then I
have a resolution to offer on the .subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas
sachusetts, that the paper lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the resignation of the Secretary of
the Senate be accepted, and that until a successor be
elected William J. McDonald discharge the duties
of the office.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to its consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The letter
of resignation was laid on the table. It must
be taken up before anything can be done with it.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to the considera-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It does not make any
difference where the resignation is; it is a fact;
that fact does not disappear from the knowledge
of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Is debate in order now? I
objected to the consideration of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If any
objection is made, the resolution cannot be
considered at this time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Iam not debating; I
am making a suggestion on the question of
order ruled by the Chair that the l'act of the
resignation having gone upon the table has
some effect, what, I did not understand, upon
the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. But I objected to the con-
sideration of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution goes over under the
rules.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 2G2) concerning district judges, re-
ported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 230) authorizing
writs of error from the circuit to the district
courts of ihe United States in certain criminal
cases, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 178) to remove the dis-
ability of certain citizens of Alabama, to re-
port it back with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute containing one hundred and six
names of persons recommended to be relieved
from disabilities. In making this report I am
further instructed by the committee to state
that those names which are omitted from the
substitute were not passed upon adversely, but
were omitted because it was impossible to
get sufficient information in regard to them on
which to found any action. 1 will state that
there is great difficulty in obtaining informa-
tion with regard to persons who ought to be
relieved from disabilities in those States. How-
ever, when those States shall be represented
here we can more readily get information ; but
it is believed that the persons whose names are
contained in the substitute are deserving of
the action of Congress relieving them from dis-
'abilities, and it is presumed that there are many
others in Alabama equally entitled, but not
having the facts before us we were unable to
pass upon them.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. II.
No. 251) authorizing the Secretary of War to
furnish supplies to an exploring expedition, to
report it back without amendment and recom-
mend its passage. A similar resolution was
introduced in the Senate some time ago, but
failed to pass ; and I ask to have this resolu-
tion put upon its passage. The parties are
waiting to have the work done. The resolution
has the approval of the Secretary of War, and
I ask to h^ve it put upon its passage.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will not that lead to some
debate ?
Mr. WILSON. No; not at all.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is some other morn-
ing business that ought to be disposed of.
Mr. WILSON. This will not take a moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 11 requires
unanimous consent to consider the joist reason
lution at the present time. Is there any objec-
tion ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I object.
The PRE3I DENT pro tempore. Obiect'oa
being made, it goes over under the rule'.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committed
on Appropriations, to whom was referred, thi
bill (H. R. No. 1045) making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the execution of the reconstruction laws in the
third military district for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1868, have considered the same and
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and if there is no objection I will ask
the present consideration of the bill. There
seems to be an urgent necessitj', as represented
by General Meade, that the bill should be im-
mediately acted upon. '
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would rather see it.
Let it lie over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Objection being
made, of course it goes over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It goes
aver under the rule. •
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
five hundred additional copies of the report
upon the accounts of the Secretary of the Sen-
ate, have instructed me to report it back and
recommend its passage. The papers have gone
to the Printing Office, and I am not able to
present them with the report; but the cost will
be about twenty-five dollars.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 406) providing for the holding of courts
in the Territories belonging to the United
States, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico, in
favor of the removal of Robert B. Mitchell
from the position of Governor of that Terri-
tory, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitions, memo-
rials, and resolution, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to:
A petition of the Virginia constitutional con-
vention, praying'the adoption of measures that
will protect loyal men m the exercise of the
elective franchise;
A memorial of delegates in the Georgia State
eonstitutional convention, praying that the con-
vention may be authorized to institute a civil
provisional government in that State ;
A resolution of the constitutional convention
of Georgia, urging Congress to authorize that
body to declare vacant the chief executive
oflice of that State, and to fill the same ;
A memorial of the constitutional convention
of the State of Mississippi, asking Congress to
authorize that body to declare vacant all civil
offices in the provisional government of that
State, and to fill the same ;
A petition of citizens of Boston and Rox-
bury, Massachusetts, praying an amendment
to the Constitution abolishing the Presidency ;
A petition of citizens of Michigan, praying
the abolishment ot' the Presidency :
Twopetitionsofciiizensof the United States,
praying the abolition of the Presidency; and
A memorial of members of the constitu-
tional convention of Arkansas, praying that the
reconstruction conventions in theseveial States
be empowered by act ot Congress to organize
a provisional government.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the letter of the Attorney General
in relation to the case of Lucius P. Bryan,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to m
was referred a petition of citizens of Ohio,
praying a change in the mode of appointments
and removals .of officers selected to execute
the laws for the collection or disbursement ot
