1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4488
island seems to be the natural terminus for the
road, communicating between the two oceans.
But, sir, I think from the temper of the House
that they hardly feel disposed to pa'ss it. I
hope the gentleman will allow it to go to the
committee to be reported on at the next ses-
sion, when more of the facts can be ascertained.
That is all I have to say.
Mr. H1GBY. I yield now for five minutes
to my colleague, [Mr. Axtell.]
Mr. AXTELL. 1 desire to say a few words
in relation to the harbor of San Francisco. I
am very glad that gentlemen have our charts
here. They will observe that we have six miles of
Straight line upon which our principal ports are
located. Fortifications are now being built at
Fort Point and Lime Point, and another nearer
the city at Black Point. And then in the very
throat of the harbor there is Fort Alcatraz, and
to the right of it a large island called Angel
Island, occupied by the Government and forti-
lied. This island is inside the harbor, and, as
the engineer remarks, would only be useful in
case a fJeetshonldget into the harbor. It com-
mands the city front. I call attention to the
significant fact that for twenty years the Gov-
ernment have been interested in that harbor
and have been munificent and more than lib-
eral to us, not only in forts but in iron-clads
for its protection, and yet they have never put
«p a single gun on this island, nor thought it
necessary -to use or occupy it for military pur-
poses.
I desire to call attention to the fuither fact
that the island has been occupied by squatters
up to a fewyears ago, when General McDowell
took possession of it and condemned it tinder
some old reservation act for the use of fortifi-
cations tor the Government. I am not very
conversant with this character of law, but I
should suppose that if condemned for military
use it would not properly be Government land
for sale. If the Government does not need it
for military purposes it will fall back to the
original squatters. The island contains one
hundred and fourteen acres. It is a high, rocky
point, and there is a very small portion of it
that people can inhabit at all. It is proposed
to cut it down and level it, leaving enough for
the Government to occupy for all purposes of
fortification, and allowing its present use by
the railroad, who will build a road from the
opposite side of the bay across the water—
shoal water—without injuring the harbor, and
coming on to the island within perhaps a mile
of the city front at the north point. 1 wish
the bill could be amended so as to include all
railroads. I am not speaking in the interest
of the railroads, but in the interest of the cities
of San Francisco and Oakland, and the coun-
try lying back of them. Gentlemen who look
at the chart will see that our bay stretches
down beyond this point fifty miles, and this
will save nearly a hundred miles in coming
to San Francisco from the Fast.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HIGBY. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Delano] desires to offer an amendment.
I will hear it read.
Mr. DELANO. I do not desire to enter
into a discussion of the merits of the bill, but
I desire to offer the following amendment:
Provided further. That the United States reserves
to itself the right to grant to any other railroad com-
panies the same and similar privileges as arc hereby
granted to the Westcrn Pacific ltailroad Company of
California, butin making such grants no rights shall
be conferred upon any other company wliieh will
itiypnir tho rights herein conferred upon said West-
ern Pacific liailroad Company, and this act shall not
be so construed as to give the said company the right
to use and occupy any portion of said island not
necessary tor the business of its road.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to that amendment.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
California yield to allow it to be offered?
Mr. HIGBY. I do.
The SPFAKEK. Then it is pending.
Mr. HIGBY. I do. I will simply say that
it is but an explanation of what I understand
the bill to be now. And if it will give any
satisfaction to other members of the House I
certainly have no objection to it. I now yield
for five minutes to my colleague near me, [Mr.
Johxsox.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no fight to make
against the Western Pacific railroad or any
other great enterprise that is for the benefit of
the people, as I admit that road to be. But I
think it is my duty as a Representative from
the State of California to say something in
vindication of private rights.
Early this session I presented a memorial,
and had it referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary of this House, asking that committee
to investigate the claim of a man who has
lived on this island for seventeen years, and
who purchased from a man who had lived on
the island for fifteen years before him. I asked
the Judiciary Committee to examine and re-
port to this House what title that man has,
and how it was that the Government of the
United States could deprive him of his prop-
erty without any compensation for it.
I have in my desk here papers in relation to
all the Government reservations on the Pacific
coast. The record in this case shows that Mil-
lard Fillmore, when President of the United
States, ordered this island to bo set apart as a
military reservation. But no notice was given
to the occupants of the island, and no steps
were taken until last year to perfect the claim
of the United States to this island for a reser-
vation. Last year the occupants of the island
were ejected by an order from the War Depart-
ment to General McDowell to take possession
of it, which he did. Whether that possession
gives a title or not I refer gentlemen to the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court of the United States,
where they will find the question fairly and
squarely decided, in cases which I cited to the
llousc in some, remarks 1 submitted not long
since upon the Yosemite bill.
This island is within the limits of San Fran-
cisco. In 1855 the city of San Francisco
passed an ordinance giving to the actual set-
tlers and occupants a title to the lands held
within the city limits. To make it sure they
went to the State Legislature and had their
ordinance affirmed by a statute of the Legisla-
ture. And to make it still more conclusive
they came to Congress in 18GI, and the House
of Representatives, with only eleven opposing
votes, affirmed the whole transaction, the ordi-
nance of the city of San Francisco, and the
act of the Legislature of the State, declaring
that every man holding by that tenure within
the limits of San Francisco should be confirmed
in his title. There are men in this city, I
understand, who have bought from the man
who has lived on this island for seventeen years
his interest for a large sum of money, many
thousand dollars ; and I say their rights should
be protected.
I now want to say a few words as to the gen-
eral policy of this bill. If this island does
belong to the Government of the United States,
if it has been taken and set apart for military
purposes, there should be some provision for
paying the true owners of this island for their
property. Even if that is not done now, I say
the question should at least be investigated.
The island lies in the middle of the bay of
San Francisco. How is it to be reached and
occupied by this l-ailroad company? Certainly
by a bridge connecting it with the main land.
Now, if such a bridge will interfere with the
commerce there, it certainly should never be
allowed to bo built. 1 want to have this bill
referred to some appropriate committee, so
that we may have a report from some board
of competent officers, whose duty it shall be j
to examine and report whether such a struc-
ture will interfere with the commerce of our
great city. If they shall repoit that it will not
so interfere, then I shall be in favor of giving
this privilege to this railroad company, for I
want it brought as near to the city of Sail Fran-
cisco as possible ; and I pledge myself in ad- j
Vance that when a board of officers of engineers i
have made this survey, and have reported to i
this House or to the department that this struc-
ture will not interfere with the eommcrce of i
San Francisco, and the Committee on the Ju-
diciary have reported that private parties have
no rights on this island, I will vote to give
enough of it to this railroad for depot purposes.
Gentlemen who have advocated giving this
island to this railroad company for depot .pur-
poses say that the trade with China and with
Japan is going to swell our commerce, and
that it will center upon that island. No man
ought to stand on this floor and say that the
city front of San Francisco should be broken
up by transferring the business of the merchants
into the middle of the bay. I say it is out-
rageous to break up the business of the mer-
chants of that city, who would make our com-
merce respectable all over the world, and
transfer that business into the middle of the
bay, to be there under the control of a soulless
corporation. It is an indignity upon the people
of San Francisco to bring forward such a prop-
osition.
I hope this bill will be allowed to gp to a
committee ; and if proper restrictions should
hereafter be put upoii it I will give it my hearty
and cordial support. I hold in my hand a
report on this subject made by the engineers
appointed by the War Department, who say
that this island is worth S-5,000,000. I have
also another report from General Humphreys,
of similar purport. But what I principally
desire is that the bill shall embrace proper
restrictions, so that the business of San Fran-
cisco may not be taken from the city front and
transferred to this island, where it will be under
the control of speculators, who will break up
our merchants and destroy our commerce.
[Here the hammer fell.']
Mr. IIIGBY. Mr. Speaker, I have no more
personal or private interest in regard to this
matter than any other member of this House.
The only question is, where is the commercial
point on the bay of San Francisco? for it is
there that this railroad should terminate. I
ain satisfied that this question will, in time, be
settled by the laws of trade ; and any company
or companies that may run a railroad from the
main land to Yerba Buena Island must take
the risks as to whether that or some other point
shall be demonstrated by the laws of trade to
be the proper terminus.
Nov/, sir, I wish to submit a few facts. In
the first place this bill comes to the Speaker's
table from the Senate, and there is a manifest
disposition on the part of some members to
refer it to some one of the committees of this
House. The struggle at present seems to be to
refer it to the Committee on the Public Lands ;
but I presume that if it should be so referred
there would be a struggle on the part of the
Committee on the Pacific llailroad to obtain
the custody of the bill, for I believe that the
formation of the railioad affected by this bill
gave rise to the Committees on the Pacific Rail-
ioad in both ends of the Capitol; and those
committees have at all times had supervision
of all questions pertaining to this railroad.
But, sir, I have not been tenacious to assert
the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad with regard to this bill. 1 have called
upon the Committee on the Public Lands to ex-
amine this bill as it lay upon the Speaker's table,
knowing that, should it be referred, there would
not bs time to act on it at this session. 1 have
understood that a majority of that committee
have examined the bill and are in favor of its
passage without a formal reference to the com-
mittee. I conferred with the chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Julian,] who, before he left
the city, examined the bill and told me that he
desired to have it passed, and wished me to
use my influence in its behalf whenever it
should come up.
I have conferred very little with members
generally in reference to this question, and I
do not know the temper of the House. But I
have no authority to consent to the reference
of the bill. 1 do not act in this matter as the
organ of the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, because the bill has never been referred
to that committee. It was favorably reported
in the Senate by the Pacific Railroad Commit-
