378
SUPPLEMENT TO
guishes as to time of recess or time of session
in regard to the authority of the President to
make these ad interim appointments. The
question is, when does the necessity arise, not
whether it is daring the recess or session of
the Senate. And such has been the uniform
construction given t,o these acts from the be-
ginning of the Government to this day. These
ad interim appointments are made indiffer-
ently, whether the Senate is in session or in
recess.
Hitherto, Senators, I have considered this
case in its legal aspects, and it seems to me
that the argument may very well stop here.
Whatever there is of matter of fact in the case
adds greatly to the President's defense. Look
through the proof adduced by the Managers
outside of the mere formal documentary ex-
hibits. What is there left but the testimony
as to the speeches ? What is there that has
the slightest bearing upon the case of the
President except what they have attempted to
force into the case by the declarations of Gen-
eral Thomas ?
We have heard from the Managers, espe-
cially from that Manager who opened the case
on the part of the prosecution, many high-
sounding declarations of what they expected
to prove. But what a total failure we have
seen in the way of performances I Look, now,
with what a flourish of trumpets the declara-
tions of General Thomas as to his purposes
and intents were heralded before the court.
On page 180 of the printed record we (ind the
following:
"Mr. Manager Butler prosented the question in
writing at the Secretary's desk.
"The Chief Justice. The Secretary will read the
question.
"The Secretary read the following question pro-
posed to be put to the witness, \Vai,ter A. Jiiuiucioii:
"You said yesterday, in answer to my question,
that you had a conversation with General Lorenzo
Thomas on tho evening of the 21st of February last.
State if ho said anything as to the mean.-, by winch ho
intended to obtain, or was directed by the President
to obtain, possession of tho War Department. If
so, state all ho said as nearly us you can.
"Mr. Stanhery, Wo objeet, Mr. Chief Justice."
" The Oiiiee Justice. J>o you desire to make any
observations to the Court ?
" Mr. Stanlkky. We do, sir.
"The Ciuke Justice. Tho question will ho sub-
mitted to the Senate.
" Mr. Fremniijiuysiw. Mr. President, I desire to
submit a question.
"The Chief Justice. Tho Secretary will read tho
question submitted by the Senator irom NowJersoy
[iMr. Frki,ini;in. v>,k\: to the Managers.
"Tho Secretary lead as follows :
" Do the Managers intend to connect the conver-
sation between tho witnesses and General Thomas
with tho respondent?
"The Chief Justice. Are thoManagersprepared
to reply to the question ?
" Mr. Managei Butler. Mr. Ptesident, if the point
is to be argued, with tho lenveof tho Senate, wo will
endeavor toanswor that question in the argument.
"The Chief Justice. It is to be argued. The
Managerwilt proceed, it lie dcsiies.
"Mr. Stanhery. We do not hear the answer.
" Mr. Manager Butler. The answer is, M r. Pres-
ident., if >ou will allow mo to repeat it, that, as I
understand the point raided is to bo argued on tho
one side and tho other, we will endeavor to answer
the question submitted by the Senator from Now Jer-
sey in the coiiise of our argument.
'Mr. '1'iutmkull, Mr. President, 1 should like to
hear the question read attain, as I thmk the answer
to the inquiry of tho Senator Irom iN'ew Jersey is 111
the question propounded by the Managers, as 1
heard it.
" The Chief Justice. The Secretary will rend the
question again. Senators will please give their
attention.
"The Secretary austin read the question of Mr.
Manager Bitlek.
" The Chile J ustick. Do the Managers propose
to answer tho question of the Senator Irom New
Jersey?
"Mr. Manager Butler. If theie is to be no argu-
ment, Mr. President, L will an-wcr the question
proposed. If thcic is to be 1111 argument on the part
of the counsel for tho X>i'esident, we propose, as a
more convenient mothod, to answer the question in Ji
the course of our argument, because otherwise wo h
might have to make an argument now. lean say |i
that we do propose to connect the respondent with
this testimony."
Now, Senators, I ask you whether that pledge
under which that testimony was admitted has
been redeemed ?
I will make one more reference to the proof.
It is upon the question as to the intention of
the President to bring the constitutionality of
the tenure-of-offiee act to the linal arbitrament
of the Supreme Court. He sets that defense
up in his answer. He alleges that that inten-
tion has accompanied every act touching the
suspension and removal of Mr. Stanton, and
that he has never lost sight of it. If everything
else were ruled against the President this great
exculpatory fact must shield him.
Now listen to Mr. Manager Butler upon
this question. On page 9(5 of the record he
says:
"Indeed, will you hear an argument as a Senate
of tho United States, a majority of whom voted for
that very bill, upon its constitutionality, in the trial
of an executive officer for willfully violating it before
it had been doubted by any court?
"Bearing upon this question, however, it may be
said that the President removed Mr. Stanton tor the
very purpose of testing the constitutionality of this
law before the courts, and the question is asked.
Will you condemn hira as for a crime for so doing?
If this pica were a true one it ought not to avail;
but it is a Hubterfiigp. We shall show you that he has
taken no step to submit the question to any court,
although more than a year has elapsed since the
passage of the act."
Senators, where has this been shown on the
part of the Managers? Where is there even
a feeble attempt to show it? But look now
to the proof on the part of tho President.
Cabined, cribbed, and confined as we have
been by the rulings of the Senate upon this
question, yet what appears? From first to
last the great fact forces itself upon our atten-
tion that this was no subterfuge of the Presi-
dent, 110 after-thought to escape the conse-1
quences of an act, but, on the contrary, that
this wholesome and lawful purpose of a resort
to tho proper tribunal to settle the difficulty
between Congress and himself was in the mind
oftlicPresidentfroin the very beginning. They
proved it by his own declarations introduced
by themselves in his letter to General Grant,
dated February 10, I8G8, which may be found
011 page 234 of the printed record. One ex-
tract from that letter will suffice. The Presi-
dent says :
"You knew the President was unwilling to trust
tho ollieo with any one who would not, by holding it,
compel filr. Stanton to resort to the couits. You
perfectly understood that in this interview, 'some
tiino' after you accepted the olfice, the President, not
content with your silence, desired an expression of
your views, and you answered him that Mr. Stanton
'would liavo to appeal to tho courts,'"
If this is not enough, Senators, remember
the testimony of General Thomas, of General
Sherman, of Mr. Cox, of Mr. Merrick, and
see throughout the purpose of the President
declared at all times, from first to last, to bring
this question to judicial arbitrament. After
all this, what a shocking perversion of testi-
mony it is to pronounce it an after-thought or
a subterfuge! And after the proof of what
took .place on that trial of Thomas, how can
the Managers be bold enough to say that they
will " show you that he has taken no step to
submit the question to any court, although
more than a year has elapsed since the passage
of the act?"
Senators, it was not at all necessary for the
defense of the President that, in the exercise
of that discretion which the law allows to him,
he should be put to prove that his intentions
were all right. lie has gone far beyond the
necessities of his case. Never were good in-
tentions and honest motives more thoroughly
proved than they have been proved in this case.
I repeat it, that, if everything else were made
out against him, this groat exculpatory fact
must absolve hun from all criminal liability.
And now, Senators, I have done with the law
and the facts of the case. There remains for
me, however, a duty yet to be performed—one
of solemn impoit and obligation—a duty to
my client, to my former chief, to my friend.
There may be those among you, Senators, who
cannot find a case of guilt against the Presi-
dent. There may be those among you who,
not satisfied that a ease for impeachment has
yet arisen, are fearful of the consequences of
an acquittal. You may entertain vague appre-
hensions that, flushed with the success of an
acquittal, the President will proceed to acts
of violence and revolution. Senators, you do
not know or understand the man. I cannot
say that you willfully misunderstand him ; for
I, too, though never an extreme party man,
have felt more than once, in the heat of party
conflicts, the same bitter and uncompromising
spirit that may now animate you. The time
has been when I looked upon General Jack-
son as the most dangerous of tyrants. Time
has been when, day after day, I expected to
see him inaugurate a revolution ; and yet, after
his administration was crowned with success
and sustained by the people, I lived to see him
gracefully surrender his great powers to the
hands that conferred them, and, under the
softening influences of time, I came to regard
him, not as a tyrant, but as one of the most
honest and patriotic of men.
Now, listen for a moment to one who, per-
haps, understands Andrew Johnson better
than most of you ; for his opportunities havs
been greater. When, nearly two years as;o,
he called me from the pursuits of professional
life to take a seat in his Cabinet, I answered
the call under a sense of public duty. I came
here almost a stranger to him and lo every
member of his Cabinet except Mr. Stanton.
We had been friends for many years. Sena-
tors, need I tell you that all my tendencies are
conservative? You, Mr. Chief Justice, who
have known me for the third of a century, can
bear me witness. Law, not arms, is my pro-
fession. Piom the moment that I was hon-
ored with a seat in the Cabinet of Mr. Johnson
not a step was taken that did not come uijder
my observation, not a word was said that
escaped my attention. I regarded him closely
in Cabinet, and in still more private and con-
fidential conversation. I saw him often tempted
with bad advice. I knew that evil counselors
were more than once around him. I observed
him with the most intense anxiety. Rut never,
in word, in deed, in thought, in action, did !
discover in that man anything but loyalty to
the Constitution and the laws. He stood firm
as a rock against all temptation to abuse his
own powers or to exercise those which were
not conferred upon him. Steadfast and self-
reliant in the midst of all difficulty, when dan-
gers threatened, when temptations were strong,
lie looked only to the Constitution of his coun-
try and to the people.
Yes, Senators, 1 have seen that man tried
as few have been tried. I have seen his con-
fidence abused. I have seen him endure, day
after day, provocations such as few men have
ever been called upon to meet. No man could
have met them with moie sublime patience.
Sooner or later, however, I knew the explo-
sion must come. And when it did come my
only wonder was that it had been so long de-
layed. Yes, Senators, with all his faults, the
President has been more sinned against than
sinning. Pear not, then, to acquit hiiu. The
Constitution of the country is as safe in his
hands from violence as it was in the hands of
Washington. But if, Senators, you condemn
him, if you strip him of the robes of his office,
if you degrade him to the utmost stretch of
your power, mark the prophecy? The strong
arms of the people will be about him. They
will find a way to raise hiin from any depths
to which you may consign him, and we shall
live to see him redeemed, and to hear the ma-
jestic voice of the people, "Well done, faith-
ful servant, you shall have your reward !"
But if, Senators, as I cannot believe, but as
has been boldly said with almost official sanc-
tion, yonr votes have been canvassed and the
doom of the President is sealed, then let that
judgment not be pronounced in this Senate
Chamber ; not here, where our Camillus in the
hour of our greatest peril, single handed, met
and baffled the enemies of the Republic ; not
here, where he stood faithful among the faith-
less ; not here, where he fought the good fight
for the Union and the Constitution ; not in this
Chamber, whose walls echo with that clarion
voice that, in the days of our greatest danger,
carried hope and comfort to many a despond-
ing heart, strong as an army with banners.
No, not here. Seek out rather the darkestand
