4484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
tee of that body after a thorough examination,
a very large majority of the committee concur-
ring in the report. I believe that the question
as to private rights, which has been suggested
by one of my colleagues, was very thoroughly
examined by the Senate committee, who came
very decidedly to the conclusion that no private
rights would be injuriously affected by the
measure. The last proviso of the bill shows
that Congress does not attempt to convey any
private rights whatever, but all rights of indi-
viduals are expressly reserved and protected.
I ask that the last proviso be read. I do not
mean the amendment, but the last proviso of
the hill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, This act shall not impair tho rights or
claims of persons in possession of tho land ol Yevba
Buona at the time of tho late military occupation
thereof.
Mr. RAUM. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me to offer an amendment and to make an
explanation.
Mr. HIGBY. I will yield to the gentleman
for three minutes, but not to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. RAUM. I will read the amendment I
propose to offer a3 a part of my remarks and
make some observations on it. It is as follows:
Piovidcd, That the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany ami tilo Union Pacific ltailroad Company, or
either of them, shall have tho right to join tho said
Western Pacific ltailroad Company in the occupation
of said island under this act with all the rights,
powers, and privileges of the Western Pacific Kail-
road Company.
If this bill is to pass I presume that pro-
viso should be added to it. This proposes to
grant to a short line of railroad, not more than
fifty or sixty miles long, said to be the western
terminus of this road, this island worth three
or four times the value of the road you grant
it to. It is said it is the terminus of the Pacific
railroad. That is true, but it is an independent
railroad company. You grant this island to the
Western Pacific Railroad Company, and you
give them the monoply of the whole trade to
and from the Pacific ocean over the Union and
Central Pacific railroads.
Mr. HOPKINS. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. RA UM. I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. IIIGBY. I object to that.
Mr. RAUM. It does seem to me if this bill
passes these roads should participate in its
benefits.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Throw it
open so all these railroads may compete for
the purchase of this island.
Mr. JUDD. I ask the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia to yield to me for a question.
Mr. HIGBY. Certainly.
Mr. JUDD. I ask the gentleman whether
there is not in the middle of this bill a grant
for a new railroad? How long is it to bo and
what subsidies are to be granted to it?
Mr. HIGBY. None.
Mr. JUDD. I wish to call the gentleman's
attention to this clause of the bill:
The said Western Pacific Railroad Company aro
also hereby authorized to locate and construct arail-
road thence, by tho shortest and most practicable
route, to a point on its present lino at or south of tho
city of Stockton, and they are hereby enfranchised
with all tho grants, privileges, and benefits, ard made
subject to all the conditions of the hevcral acts of
Congress relating to the said company and its rail-
road and toiegraphline.
I desire the gentleman to advise me whether
that is not a railroad grant in the body of the
bill?
_ Mr. HIGBY. It is a grant, but without sub-
sidies or bonds.
Mr. JUDD. Does it give them land?
Mr. HIGBY. It gives them land wherever
they turn oil'.
Mr. JUDD. How long is it—one hundred
and sixty miles ?
Mr. HIGBY. It is not so much.
Mr. JUDD. How much?
Mr. lIlGBr. About seventy.
Mr. JUDD. A gentleman told me it was
one hundred and sixty.
Mr. HIGBY. It is only one hundred and
thirty by water. You have to go forty miles and
then at right angles to make one hundred and
thirty. The diversion is not to be a great way
from the city of Oakland. They have to pass
through a range of mountains, and there is but
one pass I know of, that is to go to the city of
San Jos6. To get from the city of Oakland
to this island there is a distance of over two
miles by water to be overcome. A portion of
that water channel around the ease side is
about twenty-five feet deep; the rest of the
water varies in depth from two fathoms to
three or four feet. The gentleman says there
is a proposition to give a million or more dol-
lars for the island. Let me say to the House
that the island lies right in front of the city of
San Francisco, at a distance of less than a mile
and a half; the population has been twenty
years growing to its present dimension, and
yet this is the first time wo have heard a prop-
osition that anybody would give the Govern-
ment a considerable sum of money for it. I
undertake to say there is not a man in Califor-
nia that "would give $10,000 for it, except it
might be for speculative purposes, believing
that ho could dispose of it to some railroad
company for a landing, and make a large
amount, of profit in that way.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to offer an
amendment.
Mr. IIIGBY. I cannot yield to allow amend-
ment after amendment to bo olFered cutting
off all discussion.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. Will you not allow it to
be read ?
Mr. HIGBY. No, sir.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, we will vote your
bill down, then.
Mr. IIIGBY. Well, sir; you may do it. I
have hoard such threats before.
Let us see how much value there is in this
island. It contains about one hundred and
fifteen acres. Prom the water base the land
rises to a height of three hundred feet. Now,
in order to get a deep water front considerable
work lias to be done. At a little distance the
water isone hundred feetdeep, and it increases
to a depth of three hundred feet. Now, I ask
how many millions of dollars it will take to cut
down all that island so as to render it all use-
ful, provided it is not to be occupied at all by
the Government for military purposes. You
may think the island is of great value. I ad-
mit if it was only a few feet above the water
level it would be of vast value compared with
what it is now.
We are told it is to be kept for military pur-
poses. So wo insist it should be if it is neces-
sary, although it has never yet been used for
such purposes. It would be a wof'ul moment
for Sun Francisco when any foreign Power
sends its navy past Fort Aleatraz and Black
Point. I should despair of the preservation
of that city in such au event. I question
whether that island could furnish fortifications
to save that city, although prudence would dic-
tate its reservation for military purposes in the
possible event of its being needed. I would
not have the Government release its hold on
tho island, nor is it designed by this bill that it
should do so.
It is a question in my mind whether this
company gets enough to warrant it in com-
mencing this immense expenditure year after
year on that island 1'or the use it will make of
it. One gentleman says it can only be re-
sumed by the Government in time of war.
This bill provides that Congress may at any
time repeal this act, and whenever it shall do
so, or whenever the Government shall see its
need of the island for military purposes it may
take it away from this company and the com-
pany will get nothing for it. All the improve-
ments made by the company will go for naught
in that event.
It seems to me this bill is properly guarded,
as much so as it possibly could be. 1 think it
is an utter impossibility to put any more guards
around it so as to protect the righto 0f private
individuals and protect the Government, also,
whenever it may be deemed necessary t,o re-
sume possession of the island.
Mr. SCHBNCK. If the gentleman will allow
me, I wish to call his attention to one o( the
provisions of this bill. I find among other
provisions of the bill, which seems to have
been carefully drawn, this:
Provided, however. That nothing herein contained
shall be socontrued as to authorise or grant any sub-
sidy in bonds ior any of the roads built under this act-
It built forty miles, I understand, for what
would be about seventy.
Mr. HIGBY. It does not have to build that
distance. It will save forty-five miles in going
round the bay. I have answered the gentle-
man's question and cannot yield further to him.
I desire to say a word in answer to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bauii,] who wished
to offer an amendment, that the Union Pacific,
the Central Pacific, and the Western Pacific
are lines that unite each with the other, ana
make one continuous line to San Francisco.
Mr. RAUM. I will state the object I had.
Mr. HIGBY. I cannot yield. TheCeutral
Pacific railroad will not reach the water; neither
will tho Union Pacific railroad. There is only
the Western Pacific railroad. If there shall
ever be any act of Congress allowing other
railroads to go to this point, I think we have
guarded the bill well enough for them so that
if they wish to have depots there they can have
them. It is for commercial purposes that we
are in favor of keeping this open and using it
for railroad purposes, not only by this one
road, but by others, if military necessity does
not compel the Government to use it all tor
military purposes. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delano] provides
for that, and that was why I readily permitted
him to offer it. It is simply an explanation
of what I understand to be the tenor of the bill,
ils purpose and object and nothing else. When
I was in San Francisco parties came to me and
wanted to get my influence to help them to the
island. I told them I thought it was a com-
mercial point, and that I thought it ought to
be opened to railroads; not only to one rail-
road, but to all railroads that could possibly
get there from all parts of the State. The
object of the bill is to leave it open in that way.
I call the previous question on the bill and
amendments.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question; and there were—ayes 49, noes
48 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Hopkins
and IIigby were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 53, noes 01.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
recess.
Mr. SOU EN Civ. I should like very much
to ascertain what the disposition of the House
is as to a recess. I believe it is pretty certain
from indications which have been given that
we shall have no quorum on Monday, and we
ought therefore to go on and do all we can or
that is needful to be done to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
there ?
Air. SCHBNCK. There is a great deal of
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like the gentleman to tell us some of the thiutrs
winch are needed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I must call for the
regular order. There are one or two bills on
the Speaker's table which the Committee oa
■ the .territories have instructed me to move to
! put upon their passage.
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I Uv>v,-
that the House take a recess until ten o'clock
on Monday morning.
